Here is my goal:My mother is an older retiree on a fixed income who has experienced fainting episodes lately, and occasionally falls; she also has helpers who we suspect of abuse.  I was looking for an IP camera that I can setup and record and watch what is happening in her house remotely.The Issue:My mother has no high speed Internet no cable, no DSL, only a simple phone line.My Solution:1. Purchase a Verizon, Sprint, Tmobile 3G/4G Hotspot and use that as Internet.2. Purchase an IP Camera like Belkin, Dlink, Dropcam or some other Cloud Based Camera and connect it to the hotpsot for Internet Access.Issues:I would like to share some of the issues I encounter in my project that cost me $$$, 600 Miles round trip and a whole weekend trying to get it to work.You can take this review for what its worth or toss it.  However if I can save you some time, money, and frustration then my review will have served its purpose.Timeline:Thursday 01/24/13 Bought a Tmobile Hotspot since my mother lives in a 4G Coverage area and Tmobile has no Overage over data usage, Unlike Verizon, and AT&T.;Friday 01/25/13 Bought the DLINK Cloud Cam and Belkin Cloud Cam from Frys Electronics, tested both cameras on my home network everything worked fine.Saturday 01/26/13 Made the 3 hour trek to install.  Setup the Cameras to connect via WIFI to the TMobile Hotspot.  Could not view cameras over the network.Issue 1: Cellular Carriers require Static IP Addresses because the Cellular Broadband Network sits behind a NAT firewall, which blocks all users from displaying a public IP address.  Tmobile, Verizon Wireless and AT&T;, US Cellular want $500 for a static IP Address.  Sprint only $3 a month.Issue 2:  The Cameras are constantly streaming to the Internet.  Streaming Data will amount to 60-80 GB a month for just the cameras streaming to the Internet.Saturday 01/26/13 Pack up my equipment and head home for another solution.EUREKA I struck Gold!Sunday 01/27/13 after doing some google searching I found a great little Camera called CloudCam from 3gstore.com, I placed the order.The camera boast that you can be up and running in minutes and can be viewed anywhere remotely.  I order the CloudCam Indoor Wireless IP Camera WHITE Camera.Thursday 01/29/13 I received the CloudCam IP Camera via Fedex from 3gstore.com.  It included a Camera, Ethernet Cable, mounting brackets, CD, and Wireless db gain antenna.  I Plug it into my computer and within 2 Minutes I was able to configure it to my Wireless Network, Once I tested the camera on my home Network and made sure it operated fine.I switched it over to the TMOBILE Hotspot.  What happen next was short of a Miracle.  I was able to view a live feed from the camera to my Android Phone most importantly over a cellular Network with the Camera connected to the TMOBILE wireless Network without a STATIC IP ADDRESS.I wanted to do a more serious test so I placed the Camera in my car and threw the Hotspot into the glove Compartment and had my wife drive around town.  From My android phone I could see her drive around the city LIVE.  I was ecstatic that it worked so well.  A few other perks I like about the Camera is that it has Micro SD Card slot to record to a MicroSD or you can configure it to record to a NAS Storage Device.  It has a built in Microphone, and records at night.1/30/13 Noticed the Camera was sluggish on TMobiles Network, I ended up going to Verizon Wireless Store and picked up a 3GB PrePaid USB Plan for $60.00 and inserted the sim card into a (Pantech UML290) Placed it into a CradlePoint Router CTR35 and set a Ping Target to keep the connection always On.  Downloads and Uploads were sufficient over the LTE Network1/31/13 I pack up the gear and head to my mother's house.  I installed the Gear and right away I opened the CloudCam Android App and they have an Iphone App too and I was able to view instant Live Feed.Peace of Mind:You cant put a price on Peace of Mind.  I now have a camera that streams live when I request it, but constantly records onto a Micro SD Drive so in case I need to review the backup footage.Being able to check up on my mom to make sure she is ok. Priceless! See link below:[...]