I bought this item in spite of the negative feedback I had read about it.  I figured that I could work around the item's shortcomings.  I had to do so.I formatted this review on my screen.  It may not appear that way on yours.This mount's design concept is adequate.  It is poorly implemented.  Here is why.1)  The ball did not have a smooth surface.  This means that if it was clamped on a ridge point it could slip  down the slope on either side of the ridge into the adjacent valley.  It did so multiple times as I tried  to lock it into place.  This of course destroyed any lock of the ball that I had set.2)  The  locking mechanism relies on the thumb screw contacting a sloped portion of the shaft at 90 degrees  that allows the 360 degree rotation of the mount.  This would have worked well had two things existed in  the design and manufacture of the device.  a)  The tip of the thumb screw was flat as in the tip of a  typical bolt. It should have been round or cone shaped.  b) The flat tip of the thumb screw did NOT come  in contact with the sloped surface of the shaft.  It contacted the largest diameter of the shaft at a  point just above the sloped surface. This made it impossible for the thumb screw to lift the shaft upwards  against the bottom of the ball.  Conversely it made it impossible for the mechanism to pull the collar  downward against the top of the ball so that the bottom of the ball was clamped against the top of the  shaft.3)  I was surprised to find that the collar was not steel.4)  I was shocked to find the threads of the thumb screw stripped after heavy finger torquing while attempting  to get the locking mechanism to actually lock the ball and then hold that lock.  (see comments above for  the reasons for the failure to lock).What I did to fix the problems...1)  I abraded the surface of the ball to remove the ridge/valley irregularities in its surface.2)  I was lucky to be able to replace the thumb screw with a regular bolt. Amazed was I that the collar's  threads were intact enough to hold -- it not being steel. That says something bad about the thumb screw.3)  I carefully and with large expenditure of time and a few metal fragments in my finger tip, rounded the  tip of the replacement bolt.All told I spent about 2 hours bringing this product into a functional condition.You have been warned.  DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT UNLESS YOU HAVE THE TIME AND WILL TO DEAL WITH ITS SHORTCOMINGS!One additional note...  The workmanship present in the mount that I received was so shoddy that I am inclinedto suspect that it may be a counterfeit. I have no way to prove or support my suspicion.  I leave that to thebusiness and legal entities that should have a vested interest in that sort of thing.RodFor me to believe is insufficient for you to know.  -- rodalsa