I received the Trophy Cam 3 days ago.  Despite what some others have said in the reviews, setting it up was a breeze.  I read the entire manual that came with it.  It was very short and took about 15 minutes.  I popped in 8 new Energizers, a 2GB SD card, set the date/time and strapped it to a pole in my yard.  I poured a bucket of corn on the ground about 8 feet away.  I took the default settings for day one.Day1. When I got home, I could not wait to check my photos.  I pulled the SD card and popped it in my PC.  To my surprise there was my dog eating some of the corn.  According to the time stamp this was only 30 minutes after I left it there!  She made several more trips during the night ensuring I did not see anything interesting and the cam took photos every time.  Who knew that my dog who gets fed every morning and evenening would like dry shelled corn?  During the day, I had photos of my dog as well as crows, cardinals and blue jays.  On the birds I could only see the tops of their heads in many cases... had the bait too close to the camera!Day2. I adjusted the settings to my liking.  Set it up for taking 3 photos on each trigger, set the field scan to every 30 minutes, and to trigger only once per minute.  I moved the corn about 15 feet away from the cam.  When I got home yesterday, once again I had to check the camera first thing...could not wait!  Well you guessed it...during the night there was my dog eating corn again and this time with some of her neighborhood dog friends.  The other dogs did not eat the corn, but just kinda hung out.  I had about 100 dog photos, a couple of cats had wondered by, and three photos of one deer about 50 feet away that was almost out of the infrared flash range, but still very clear even if kind of dark.  I had one animal that blazed by so fast I could not make out what it was.  According to the manual, I could lower the resolution to 3MP to catch fast animals, but I'd rather have the bigger, better photos.  During the day yesterday I had crows, doves, cardinals and blue jays.  Once again it captured them without a hitch only this time I could see their whole bodies because they were at the better distance from the cam.  Also, thanks to the field scan I could see that nobody had came in my yard etc.  It's a great way to view a large area without requiring a trigger.Day3.  I cannot wait to get home!I hope this review helps someone.  It is my first field cam, so I cannot really compare it to any other model but I do LOVE it so far.  It is really neat and even with the default settings there was an animal in every triggered photo so I think it did a great job.  Can't wait to put it in the woods this week-end!***UPDATE***I've had the camera for almost 2 months now and it is still working great.  I have moved it into the woods.  I have captured deer, fox, racoon, squirrel, rabbit, cats, dogs, possum, birds etc.  If you get a lot of action, the batteries will not last as long as the product specifies...not even close.  You will get 3-4 weeks max.  Anyway, that's still good enough that I would not change my 5-star review.