Operating a home recording studio these days makes owning a home surveillance system a must. Along with an alarm this is a necessity now.  One major theft and I am out of business. While this system can not prevent a theft, it can record it and has all the capabilities to ALERT me that it is happening.f you are at all familiar with surveillance/recording system you will soon be right at home with the Defender.  The Defender system has everything you need to keep an eye on things, whether you are on premises or off. Very easy communication with your system via the web makes this ideal for checking your home or business while away. Once you set things up on software, you can easily review your recordings or watch in real time from remote locations. The email alert feature is really a smart idea and although I have had no breach in security YET, I am sure to appreciate an electronic "heads up" if the need arises.The system comes well packaged in two small boxes, one holding cameras and cabling and the other holding the DVR and software.  Everything arrived in perfect condition, ready for installation and use. (you obviously need a PC and Monitor to operate this system)Build quality of the cameras, mounts, and DVR is very good.  Cabling is not the thickest but more than serviceable and shielded . Almost all your cabling will be hidden and not exposed to the elements.  A basic rule of thumb for the DVR portion of this system is to keep the DVR in a COOL place with PLENTY OF ventilation. Since this is the key component of the system, we keep the DVR in our studio computer room which is climate controlled 24/7.Installation is not for the timid. If you have any doubts or are just not mechanically inclined, get someone to help you or HIRE a professional at least for the install of the cameras and running of cables.  There WILL be holes drilled in your exterior/interior walls as this is not a wireless system.The documentation is spotty and almost appears to be written in pidgin English. Basically all the info you need is there on disc and on Defenders website AND Defender offers real time chat for any problems you encounter or instruction you may need. (both web and phone support)  In my case this system replaces a very antiquated VHS based unit so going all digital was a welcome change and something worth the small learning curve to implement.Besides remote accessing of the software and 4 channel video output, the other favorite feature of mine is the ability to record viewable video during the night.Maxwell Smart of CONROL never had anything this sophisticated.Video quality is more than adequate with 480i at 704 x 480 and by using H.264 compression the picture is pretty crisp and artifact free. A MAJOR improvement from my old VHS based system!  Of course accessing your video feeds is very similar to home DVR use as far as random access goes and searching by timer/day.Currently sold for under $400, this system gives you all the tools you need to keep watch on your home or business, an easy way to access the system from a remote location and provides decent usable video quality both during the day and at night. Coupled with the free tech support offered, the Defender Sentinel 4 Channel system will run rings around any older system and should provide years of service as long as you take care of the DVR.If you need to know what's going on at all times, this system will do the job for you. (since this is a hard disc based system you always need to remember ALL hard discs eventually fail so a redundant backup system is recommended for critical applications)  Very cool and I can easily recommend it.