With young kids in the house, it's near impossible to keep track of them at times.  LorexBaby 7" Baby Monitor definitely helps to keep track of them, although there are a few things about this monitor that keep it from being a 5-star "can't live without it" monitor.  However, overall it gets the job of monitoring your kids done.1. Resolution - What you see in the preview pic for this monitor is NO WHERE to what you get.  The resolution of this monitor is about as good as a mall security monitor...which really isn't all that great.  The images are highly pixelated, particularly in "night mode".  My daughter has a poster on her wall with big print, and I couldn't read the lettering from the monitor.  Also, when in a lighted room, the colors are very muted - again, not even close to what you see in the preview picture.2. Night Vision - I was impressed by the night vision mode.  Even in a completely darkened room with the nightlight off, I was able to view my daughter sleeping and my son sneaking down from the bunk bed to take some of her stuffed animals.  The viewing quality is still pixelated, but clear enough for me to view everything clearly enough.3. Night Light - This light is also a joke.  The lighting from the three stars on this unit are not bright enough to light up 5" away from the unit, let alone a room.  The light is there more to know where the camera is than for anything else, as far as I'm concerned.  I did notice our daughter looking at the camera at night when it was the sole night light, as that was the only thing she could see.  We ended up bringing back in the kids' old night light because it was impossible to navigate the room with this one.4. Two Way Speaker - This was one of my favorite features on the unit.  The sound on the speaker (on both ends) is pretty clear, and when I caught our my son sneaking out books to bring up to his bunk bed, I was able to tell him through the unit that he better get back into bed.  This eliminated my need to come into the room, and also gave him a hint that he should be in bed!  He was able to reply to me without running out, although he did go outside a few times to figure out how my disembodied voice was in the room!  There is a tiny time delay in relaying the sound to and from the unit, but it's less than a second.  If you've ever spoken on a phone and heard a small echo, that's what it sounds like.NOTE - If your battery is running low, the monitor will make a strange a strange echoing double beeping noise.  I'm not sure if the camera or if the monitor triggers it, but it's pretty annoying.  Once both units were plugged in, we didn't have any issues.5. Lullaby Sounds - This is also a nice feature to have on the unit.  When our kids had a tough time napping, I would put it on and they enjoyed listening to the music.  The music is turned on remotely, so I was able to do this while working at my desk.6. Charging and Battery Consumption - The camera unit can be used plugged in, or with 4 AAA batteries.  We opted to use the camera unit plugged in, so I can't give a good gauge on how long the battery life is.  The video monitor unit is rechargeable, and was also used by us while plugged in.  When unplugged, I lost track of time, but lasted over 2 hours for sure unplugged before I replugged it in.7. Range - The camera to monitor range is pretty good.  I was able to go to every room of my house (one story) and didn't lose signal once.8. Temperature Monitor - This is a small added bonus, as this camera unit has a small wire on the back that gives the temperature of the room.  This seems fairly accurate - our thermostat indicated our house was 77 degrees, while the unit indicated our kid's room was 75 degrees.  I think this feature would be most useful in the winter when trying to determine if our kids room is warm enough.9. Digital Zoom - This feature is not all that great.  Because the camera has no feature that allows you to control the direction on which the camera is pointed without manually walking up and moving the camera, I'm guessing Lorex tried to add in a last ditch effort to have some sort of "camera movement" feature on the unit.  The digital zoom does allow you to look at various points of the image up close, but because of the pixelation, it's really not all that necessary nor effective.  I would have rather liked the ability to control the direction of the camera remotely.All in all, this unit is a great video baby monitor.  There are options I would've like to see on the unit, particularly video recording capabilities via SD card and with a pan/tilt feature.  What baffles me is that they have it on the Lorex LW2450 LIVE Video Baby Monitor with Pan/Tilt Wireless Camera (White), which features the pan/tilt, SD recording, AND Skype remote viewing...the screen is smaller, but the unit overall is cheaper and you get more useful functions.  I would rather have those features instead of the 7" monitor, night light, and lullaby feature.  However, this unit is fairly good overall, and if you want the bigger monitor, this is a solid unit to have.