FINALLY - a great camera, easy to use, easy to install, and at a reasonable price!Let me start off by saying that I recently purchased a competitor's product.  It was a bit less expensive and lacked the night capabilities; otherwise was almost identical.  I spent FOUR hours trying to get that camera up and running, and was forced to go through incredibly painful exercises like learning to "port forward".  Laugh it up techie nerds, sure that is 2nd nature for you, but the majority of us "port forward" sounds like a location on a ship.Installation was literally as easy as following the 3 step quick start guide (basically plug in the camera, put in the install disk, and follow the directions as prompted from there).  The software that is bundled with the product is outstanding in that it walks you right through everything in simple terms, and the result is a wireless camera that you can view anywhere in the world.  I literally was up and running and able to view the camera on external machines and my phone within 10 minutes of opening the box.The product is oriented (naturally) to using the "MyDlink" software and website.  That is a critical piece that makes all of the "easy" stuff possible.  You can manage the camera settings and view what is going on from anywhere in the world.  By the way, if you just want to use the camera infrequently and guarantee that people won't be spying on you in your PJs (and let's face it, it could be much worse than that!), you can simply unplug the power to the camera and plug it back in when you want it on.  AND you can unplug it from one location in your house and move to another - no additional "fiddling" required.The Android application can be downloaded for free in the Android Marketplace.  This software works well but it does not allow the user to listen to audio or to enable recording to your handheld device.  As an alternative, you can use the "IP Cam Viewer" application and pay a few bucks to enable audio and recording capabilities, but that unfortunately strays from the magic "DLink" software and requires ... you guessed it ... more difficult port forwarding, etc.  In addition, you cannot use other brands of cameras with the DLink software.  You can certainly use different brands on the same network, but again that requires the more detailed network setup knowledge.  But for just using the DLink camera, you can just install the DLink app, sign in with your Dlink username and password, and presto - you can see images live on your phone!As others have noticed, the audio quality crackles, but it is good enough to roughly hear what is going on.  For the most part, I don't envision really using this feature (and don't think it would be that useful even if it was pro-audio quality ... the video is what is important).Video quality is excellent considering the price point of this camera.  My other camera (competing product) required manually focusing the camera with a wheel, which is a pain.  This camera has perfect focus for all distances right out of the box.  Night-time vision works surprisingly well.  You can tweak the settings, but out-of-the-box the camera worked great and had a sharp image for a variety of lighting conditions.The motion detection works well but is a bit difficult to setup with my normal email account.  I wound up establishing another email service for this function.  This was the only part of the setup that was not straightforward.In summary, the product works great, is easy to use, and is highly recommended.