This is my second attempt to put together a high-quality, reasonably-priced home surveillance system. My 1st try was a Defender PX301-010 all-in-one kit that I ended up returning due to the camera image quality. To be upfront and fair, that system - which included a camera, LCD monitor and SD card recording - cost the same as this single camera does. The system had a max resolution of 640 x 480 while this camera can go up to 1280 x 1024. I wanted - and was willing to pay for - a higher resolution camera. I was also willing to use my PC as a DVR/NVR to view and store images and video clips.The Q-See QCN7001B that I received included a power adapter, 100 feet of Cat5 network cable, mounting hardware (included mounting template), CD with software/user manual and a POE injector all in a sturdy retail package. Judging by other reviews of this product, earlier shipments included little or none of these. While on the topic of earlier reviews, I read them all and found the information VERY helpful when setting up my camera(s), especially the network information. I used both the included web service and configuration tool to get the network information of the camera before switching to Blue Iris Pro Software (which I highly recommend) for monitoring/recording. I did all my setup and network testing BEFORE choosing a monitoring location and mounting the camera. While this wasn't necessary (the camera works great) I wanted to avoid having to take the camera back down if it was non-functioning.(Note: I really like the POE feature - it saves you from having to either mount the camera near a power outlet and only one cable is needed).Mounting the camera was where I ran into my 1st "con" of this camera. The camera cable (ending with power and network connectors) coming out the rear is a little short - it's only about 18" long. This limits the mounting location to ~ 12" from the cable pass-through hole into the house. You could mount the camera further from the pass-through hole, but then the CAT5 and power connectors would be exposed to the elements. Although the camera itself is waterproof, I doubt the connectors are. This brings me to the 2nd "con" - the hole required to pass the cable through the wall needs to be ~ 1 1/8" or so. I had seen this mentioned in another review, so I knew it ahead of time and won't deduct any stars for this. I WOULD like to see the cable lengthened to roughly 2-3 feet long and/or make the CAT5 female/power plugs detachable. I only took off 1 star total for these minor complaints as I was able to work around them.Once the camera was mounted and up/running, I was impressed with the visual quality at the highest resolution of 1280 x 920. Video clips (triggered by motion) and still images were crisp and well-defined. I had the camera mounted over my garage door overlooking the driveway and found that the FOV (Field Of View)) is too narrow for my intended location. The camera has a 6 mm lens and doesn't fit my entire (two-car-width) driveway in the frame. This is not the fault of the product however - the chosen area I wish to monitor is simply too close to the camera (I have uploaded two images to illustrate the difference). I would guess that the monitored area should be no closer than 15-20 feet from the camera - maybe closer if the area is fairly narrow. In the end I moved this camera to the front of my house to monitor where I park my car and anyone coming to my door. I then purchased and mounted Indoor/Outdoor IR Dome Network Security Camera camera to watch over my driveway. The dome camera has a 3.6 mm lens which equals a much wider FOV. A lot more of my driveway width is now in view of the camera. The dome camera does have a bit of a "Fish Bowl" look to it due to the wider FOV. As a side note, both cameras seem to be exactly the same with the exception of the lens and camera housing type. The same short power/CAT5 cable and large/attached CAT5 female plug is also present on the dome model.In the end the Q-See QCN7001B is a great camera with a few (slightly) annoying design choices. It DOES work pretty darn well when used in the right scenario. Just do a little research to make sure what your needs are prior to ordering.