This product sets up pretty quick and easy with a very simple 10 step guide. I purchased the overpriced app they recommended, $12 for iPhone, and it was up and running. You can use your computer or bookmark the page on your phone and that will work for free, but the app allows quick viewing of up to 4 cams with the touch of the icon.However, as soon as I left the wifi of my house is when I realized there was more to this. I was hoping to find a way around having to do the port forwarding thing since it seemed over my head. The manual does not come with any additional information on the other technical aspects this monitor provides so you have to use their website wifibaby.net. The site has plenty of support tips, but you have to weed through to find what tip you are looking for or read other peoples comments with the same problem. After searching I finally realized the info I needed was under their support icon and "nannycam" setup. Once I went their and read some info and tried to figure it out on my own I finally called their technical support and sent them an email. If you are average or less with computers or have never heard of the term port forwarding and plan to use this monitor outside of your home/wifi area (what they refer to as using it as a "NannyCam") then fill out a support ticket right away on their webpage and have them call you. Here is the rub with their support:The Negative:If you call you will have to leave a message and they will call you back mon-fri, you just have no clue when this will be. My first callback was within 30 min. The next took over an hour. So be ready to set it down and be flexible.Fill out the support ticket on their website and have them call you, unless you think you can figure it out over emails. They will again get back to you sometime that day.The Positive:The technician was extremely knowledgable and was willing to go through everything until I had it working the way I wanted. Have all your stuff and questions ready so they can help you.In summary this product sets up very easily right out of the box if you plan on using it just in your home wifi area, but if you plan on using it anywhere outside that or with 3G or setting up to get email alerts you will need some assistance more than likely. Once their support gets a hold of you they will get you all hooked up.This would have been a 5 if their manual or website explained using it outside of a wifi network more clearly but it was kind of hidden as a NannyCam feature. I believe to view any camera outside of your network you will need to go through the port forwarding process, so at least wifibaby's technicians are savvy and will get you through it.