This is a day/night wireless video surveillance camera.  The camera can be used to monitor indoor locations remotely, and it provides sound as well as images.  The camera comes with software for connecting to the mydlink website, as well as an ethernet cable for optional wired connections, mounting hardware, and a power cord (the camera requires power and cannot be run from batteries). The range of the wireless connection depends on your router; with our Netgear G router, we've found the camera can be used as far as 100 feet from the router.  Live video can be monitored from the password protected mydlink website.  The camera also includes software that expert users can set up to use the camera as a motion detector, with the capability of selecting from various zones for motion detection.I was most impressed by image quality picked up by the infrared sensor for nighttime surveillance--images are black and white, but quite clear.  Daylight images are in color, clear enough to use for video surveillance, but certainly not as clear as depicted on the mydlink website.  We found that the sound quality depends on the strength of the wireless signal.  When the wireless signal is good, the sound is quite good, but if there is interference with the signal, the sound can be overshadowed by buzz or hum.  When the camera is in operation, a green LED blinks on the front of the camera, just below the lens.  This blinking light can be turned off; however, we found it useful for monitoring whether the camera was online, since we installed the camera at the very limit of its range from our router.Installation of the camera was a difficult and frustrating battle.  The manufacturer's website claims "mydlink products remove the learning curve that is typically associated with today's high-tech devices because they are truly Plug-and-Play compatible with zero or extremely easy configuration."  I had to go through the installation wizard multiple times to get the software installed and the camera online.  The first 5 times through the wizard, nothing happened.  Eventually, the software linked to the mydlink website.  The next time through the wizard, the camera connected to the website but required new installations of Java and another time through the wizard before it would work.  In addition, to monitoring the camera through the mydlink website, users can set up the camera for advanced functions with the included d-cam software.  While running the d-cam software in Windows XP, my computer blue-screened several times--the first time in years, so I gave up fighting with the software and resigned to using only the mydlink website.  The website claims "mydlink provides you easy and straightforward access to your digital life all from our intuitive, convenient website."  In my experience, the website is far from intuitive or convenient, requiring, for instance, users to log-out before they can access support pages.Overall, the camera itself is a very well-built and handy device, but the installation software is not yet up to par, and the support areas on the manufacturer's website are very poorly thought out.  Expert users who are used to building and trouble shooting networks and connectivity will probably have few problems with installation, but ordinary folks may face a lot of frustration or need to call in help in order to get the camera working.We installed the camera in our turkey brooder in our barn so that we could monitor the young poults, to make sure their heat lamp was on, and their food and water supplies were adequate without leaving the house at night.  We found the sound function of the camera very useful for monitoring the health and comfort of the young poults.  And we were quite impressed with how well the camera stood up to constant pecking by the curious birds.  We wanted to make the video stream from the brooder available to friends as a turkey-cam.  Streaming the video off the mydlink site is apparently possible, but not supported by the manufacturer; thus, can only be done by those who are well versed in network connectivity and coding for streaming video.