This system comes with an NVR, 3 cameras, mounting templates (self-sticking and showing drill holes - excellent idea) and screws, self-screwing waterproof capsules (attaches where the Ethernet connects with the camera's wires), 3 50-foot Ethernet cords, SATA cord (to connect an additional hard drive in the NVR) and mounting screws for that.  So, basically, they include everything you need.One significant issue with respect to the waterproof capsule mentioned above is that there is no way to use it unless you cut the RJ45 connecter off the included Ethernet cable and then re-terminate the cable with another RJ45 connecter.  It is not all that difficult to do this, but you would need some patience to learn how to do this, as well as a crimping tool.  Obviously, if you are pulling the camera cables directly into your house (i.e., the Ethernet and power cables from the camera are not exposed to the outside), then you don't have to worry about this.The cameras are very small.  If the visors were white, they would be even more difficult to spot against white trims.  I don't think any of our visitors has noticed them yet.  At night, as is the case with any other IR camera, you would see a bunch of red lights on the camera.  The lights don't stand out unless you are standing pretty close and looking at the camera head-on.Because this is a PoE system, you run one Cat 5e cable to the NVR for each camera and you are done.  I bought some flat 100' Cat 5e cables from Monoprice and hid them under our sidings, except where I could pull the cables directly into the attic/garage.  I would say that installation can be done capably by a beginner (like me).Note that the NVR is rather noisy.  Sounds like an old desktop with its hard drive and fan constantly running.I strongly recommend that you go to Simply Monitored's website to look at the setup videos and instructions before you buy this system.  I am glad they do this.  Thanks to the videos, I was able to setup the system much quicker than I expected.  Their support is also great as well.  Each time I had a question, I got a comprehensive reply via e-mail within a day from a person with native-level English.The picture is great.  Great details and accurate colors.  While the NVR appears to be able to record at 3MP/15fps, it can only output to my Sony TV via HDMI at 1080p.  That is the highest resolution offered from NVR's configuration page.  The picture looks great at 1080p, however.  I have not downloaded any video clip from the NVR to watch yet - maybe the resolution would be at 3MP.Night vision on the cameras work well, but there are a lot of false-positivies on the motion detection mode.  Bugs, rain, snow, etc. would constantly trigger recording.  I think this problem plagues most security systems, to be fair.  Otherwise, the motion detection seems to work very well for the most part.Cameras have had no problems with rain, snow and sub-freezing temperatures.The included 1TB NVR would last a few months if you set the cameras for motion detection instead of continuous recording.  The latter is rather useless to me, as I am not going to sit in front of my TV for hours on end each day.  Unfortunately, you cannot record continuously and be notified of motion events - that would have been perfect.Setup to view the cameras over the Internet was pretty straight forward and works very well.  You can be notified of motion events via email, if you want.If you are looking to buy a "surveillance system in a box", consider buying this instead of cheaper analog TVL system you get at big box retailers.  The picture doesn't compare, and what's the point of getting a system if you cannot identify faces or license plates.