I have to say I'm impressed by the quality of this camera for what it costs.  Keep in mind, this isn't going to give you HD quality video or even close.  But for the sub eighty dollars it costs, you can't beat this.  As background, I have extensive experience with IP cameras, from Arecont to Axis to Mobotix to Panasonic, and just about every brand in between.  I thought I would take a look at the cheapest cameras out there so I could recommend them to clients looking for a cheap home solution as a nanny/pet cam or just wanting to check on a vacation home.  Keep in mind, this camera (and the 100s of other Chinese made cheap IP cameras) should not be used for real surveillance or security purposes - great for casual home users, but I wouldn't rely on them to protect a business.Image QualityThe video image is pretty decent at 640 x 480 resolution.  Daylight use colors are vibrant but a tad off, which is common in low end cameras, but better than those that lack an IR cut filter (this model does not have the ir-cut filter, but the updated Loftek 3200 model does).  The IR LEDs are quite powerful and you'll find that you'll want the camera at least 10 feet away from any object as they will be washed out by the somewhat powerful IR lights (i.e., if using as a baby monitor, don't put it too close to the baby, or the baby will be completely washed out in light).  Also, you can manually focus this by twisting the outer ring cap of the lens.  You can also replace the lens entirely if you want (different zoom or FOV etc.) by unscrewing the lens off.NetworkingI found the set up to be very easy.  My machine I used to set this up on is a Windows 7 64 bit desktop.  My internal network runs on 192.168.1.xxx, the camera by default runs on the 192.168.0.xxx subnet; this was no problem for the camera search utility that came on the included CD.  In fact, the search utility found the camera in about 1 second.  Using the utility I set a static IP address for the camera (I could have allowed my router's DHCP to assign the IP, but I manually assign all of my camera IP addresses as it makes port forwarding on the router easier).  The camera rebooted and I accessed the camera directly through the Chrome browser.  No problems.  Video came up right away.  Was able to switch between various video resolutions (160x120, 320x240, 640x480) without any problems.  I then set up my wireless network; again, no issues.  Like any network camera, if you aren't familiar with basic networking concepts and more advanced ones like port forwarding, you may have trouble getting this set up to be accessible from outside your home.Camera FunctionsThe pan/tilt on this is quite good.  For such a cheap camera I couldn't believe how quiet the motor mechanism is on this.  The only other cameras that I've found to be this quiet during pan/tilt (PT) are Sony cameras, but you'll pay upwards of 10 times more.  So, if you're looking for a quiet PT this is actually quite good.  Pan/Tilt speed range is quite good too (in the settings, you can specify 0 - 10; I made the mistake thinking that the higher the number, the faster it would pan, which was wrong; a setting of 1 is very fast, so I set mine at 3 which is fast, but still controllable).  I was however, disappointed that there wasn't any zoom available.  I knew there was no optical zoom (and really, how could there be on a sub 80 dollar camera?), but I thought there would at least be digital zoom via the client software.  But no, no digital zoom in either the Java client (for non Internet Explorer (IE) browsers) or the ActiveX version for IE browsers.  Which brings me to the issue of the ActiveX (IE Browswer) versus other browser functionality.  Like most IP cameras (even from the professional lines) you're going to be able to access more camera features through an ActiveX interface than a Java client.  So on the LOFTEK CXS 2200 you can only record, take camera snap shots, access audio, and view multiple cameras through the ActiveX client.  Also, I had no problems accessing the camera from my Android phone using a product called IP Cam Viewer (available in Amazon's App Store or the Android Market).Windows/Mac/Linux CompatibilityI have not tested this on a Mac computer so I cannot comment on using this camera (or even setting it up) with a Mac.  In the Windows world, this worked fine on Windows 7 (32 and 64 bit), and Windows XP.  I was able to view full motion video and audio on an HTC EVO 4G cell phone, running Android 2.3.2 on the Sprint Network (3G speeds only; haven't had a chance to test 4G yet). My Linux (Ubuntu 11.4) clients had no issues accessing the camera view Chrome (I did not test setting up the camera using a Linux box, though)ConclusionFor what this camera costs, you can't beat it. The video quality is fine for this camera price range and set up was a breeze using a Windows 7 machine.  Playback was fine on a number of Windows 7 and XP machines, as well as an Android 2.3 phone.  There is no zoom available, but the lens can be replaced easily.  I can't speak to the durability/reliability of this as I've only had it running a couple of days now.  But like I said at the beginning of this review, this camera shouldn't be used for real surveillance or security purposes.  If you keep these points in mind, this camera should give you more than enough value for its cost.