following my original review, i've also posted lorex's response and correction below:this is not an HD camerathis is not an HD camerathis is not an HD cameraallow me to clarify;among the features, this camera has remote view capability using their custom program on either a smartphone or a pc. in either case you get to choose the image quality in one of four resolutions:320x240 (QVGA)640x480 (VGA)1024x768 (XGA)1280x800 (WXGA/HD)of course you would always want to choose the highest resolution, why else would you pay the extra money to buy an HD camera, right? so far so good.the problem is when recording to the SD memory card it will ONLY record the video in 320x240. that's right, in the lowest, grainy, can't recognize any faces resolution. what this means is that if you ever have to review your security video recordings, you won't be able to recognize any faces or any other details that would help identify anything. you may as well be staring through a frosted window smeared with grease.when i contacted lorex support through their online form, they replied with a generic response and closed my ticket. this forced me to call them on the phone. the first person who answered the call tried to get me to change the resolution in the pc/smartphone app. when i explained i wanted to be able to RECORD video in HD, she put me on hold for a while and then introduced her supervisor. the supervisor explained that the recording capability was limited to the lowest resolution in order to 'save space' on the memory card. when i explained that i've purchased a 32gigabyte memory card specifically to be able to store plenty of HD video, she said it was still not possible. i then asked specifically if it was true that this HD security camera did not have any ability to record video in HD resolution and she agreed.so it seems that lorex is selling an HD security camera that can't record in HD. this is false advertising. what good is a security camera when it can't record in the advertised HD resolution?all of the reviewers giving this product high marks did not bother to test wether the recording was HD or super low-res, or don't even realize it.i'm going to return this useless lorex low-res junk and get the samsung SNH-1011 IP SmartCam, at least it records in 640x480[...]---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------UPDATE: it seems lorex replied to my online review on Mar 20, 2014:---Hello,Thank you for your feedback. To clarify the HD recording capability of Lorex LNC201 IP camera, 720p HD recording is available when changing the recording to a Network Attached Storage device (NAS). Currently the camera records to an SD card at a maximum resolution of 1024x768, which is linked to the Mobile resolution setting. The camera is not restricted to 320x240 (VGA) level. To increase the resolution of the recording (above the VGA setting), open the menu and select the Mobile resolution setting. Change this to the maximum of 1024x768 - this will also set the SD card to record at this much higher resolution.---ahah!  so there's a 'secret' SD recording setting that is not clearly documented in the instruction manual, and that the lorex phone support people aren't even aware about!  so now the recoding capabilities we have are:320x240 (QVGA) -default 'max' resolution recording on SD card640x480 (VGA)1024x768 (XGA) -secret/obscure max resolution recording on SD card (see below)1280x800 (WXGA/HD/720p) -max resolution recording only on Network Attached Storage device (NAS)to increase recording resolution to SD card above the VGA setting:open the menu and select the Mobile resolution setting. Change this to the maximum of 1024x768 - this will also set the SD card to record at this much higher resolution.okay, this is better, but it still doesn't record to the local SD memory card at HD resolution, which is what their advertising leads you to believe.  i'm glad it does record at up to 1024x768 to local SD though, so i will end up keeping this.lorex still needs to;1. improve the accuracy of their documentation2. improve their online customer support so that a phone call is not required3. improve their phone support4. market their products in a non-misleading way with clearer specifications and abilities