I bought and installed this system with three exterior cameras and one internal camera.  I've had it up and running for a few days now.  Things work well.  I have a few comments which may help users:Each camera attaches by a very thin wire to a blocky power adapter.  The power adapter provides power to the cameras and takes digital information from the camera and sends it over your power lines to another blocky network adapter that then hooks up to your router.  I took the time to route the thin wires into my attic and other crawlspaces so that the cameras would be less obvious and less vulnerable to tampering.  The thin lines that come with the external cameras are nice and long (20'?) the ones that come with the internal cameras are short (10'?) but you are given a double female device for easily extending the line with a 3rd party network cable.  Burying the lines worked well for me and my installation looks clean.One of my external cameras is on my barn pointed toward the house.  This camera is attached to a long line of house wiring.  It goes from the camera, to the barn attic, through maybe 50' of 12AWG wire to the remote breaker panel in the barn, through about 100' of 8AWG wire to the main service entrance (the main fuse box), and then back through another 30' or so of 12AWG to the network adapter and the computer.  When you run the diagnostics that come with the Logitech system, it indicates that this camera is indeed a long way away and not optimal.  That being said, the camera works just fine though I do notice it takes longer to download the files from the camera to the computer.When I attached the fourth camera, I began to have issues losing signals from some of the cameras that had worked properly.  I unplugged and replugged adapters but couldn't get it all working.  I called the tech support lines, didn't have to wait at all, got a nice guy from Canada who told me what to do and who gave me a case number.  I did what he said (unplug everything, leave it unplugged for a while, then replug everything).  It all came up and has been working flawlessly since.My hat is off to the Logitech engineers.  They paid a lot of attention to details that make a big difference but probably go unnoticed by most.  In no particular order:- All the screws are captive.  If you are up on a ladder and back out the screws to attach the wires, the screws won't fall out of the box and get lost in the grass.  Nice.- The weather protection on the external cameras is very well thought out.- You have lots of control over the motion detection, both the areas that trigger an alert as well as the sensitivity.- The physical mounting systems are excellent and quite adaptable.  Strong and secure.- The field of vision is very wide angle and takes in a cone a full 45 degrees off the main line of sight axis.  If you mount the camera under an eve in an inside corner of the building, you can see both walls and everything within that 90 degree sweep.  (It's like an MC Escher print.)- The night vision (only on the exterior cameras) works well.  Of course, it's still a low light situation, so you will get blurry images of moving objects.- Everything comes nicely packaged with good instructions and more parts than you'll probably need.- Viewing on a Droid phone works well, though things are, of course, a bit slower to load up and jumpy on playback.- Each camera comes with a 2 GB micro-SD card and each camera comes with an adapter so you can read the card on most computers.  (16 GB cards are now easy to get for about $14.  I ordered replacements.)- Motion sensing works exceptionally well.  Initially, my cameras were triggered by cars passing only just barely visible on a distant roadway and by headlights shining from afar on my building.Finally, I would spend some time each day initially to fiddle with the motion alert windows and settings.  Get them so they don't trigger during the day or at night unless there's a good reason.  That way, when you do want the alerts to come to your smartphone, you won't be bombarded by them.I'm very pleased with the system and hope I eventually find it wasn't really necessary years from now.