Rare among low-cost Chinese-made video "spy" electronics, this one actually works!Although the field-of-view is somewhat narrow (I'd guess about 30 degrees) it is adequate to capture a 10-foot area if the camera is back about six feet or so.The resolution at "high quality" is standard TV 640 x 480; good enough to recognize people for security purposes but not what we'd call "Hi Def" by any means.The IR LED's are kind of useless, produce lens flare when the subject is close and don't have much range, plus they lend a wierd color cast to the images since when they are turned on the camera still runs in normal-color mode instead of the "IR-green" you are probably familiar with.But there are some positives:1. It works reliably! This is something I can't say about the majority of Chinese-made miniature camera equipment. I had a LawMate 500 pocket DVR (was about $400 nback in the day) -which self-destructed and became useless after a couple of years of use... I recently had a "Spy Pen" which worked once then self-destructed, useless.This little Mini Clock Radio actually works, and the display screen will work to review the video it takes.2. It is discreet -ish. Though the lights are bright on the display and there is an LED that illuminates the translucent base (why?) in a way it is discreet by hiding in plain sight. Some covert nanny-cams are invisible, hiding in clocks or teddy-bears, but this one hides by being obvoiusly 'there'.3. The thing actually sounds pretty good as a powered extension speaker. Surprisingly good, actually, as an iPod speaker.4. As a security recorder, I'm able to get just over 24 hours' recording time on a class-10 Adata micro-SD at "full" resolution and image size. Under most circumstances this will be sufficient to transfer the incriminating video before the unit records over the starting point. There is no start and end-timer that I could see. It's either recording all the time, or it isn't.On the down side:-I had a hard time getting it to play videos recorded on other equipment. I tried various compression schemes and formats, and results were usually "can't play video" or some such message. That's OK because it as not purchased to BE an entertainment device, but it would be good to be able to play somthing in order to show people how it was a "normal" media player and establish a cover story for the device.-Although it records well onto a 16-Gig card, if I try to format the card in the device it errors out, saying. "no card found", yet it is in the slot and plays video. The onboard OS was probably set up for an 8-gig card.There is actually no alarm-clock function- it has a clock, and ostensibly a radio in it (though I couldn' pick up any stations in the couple minutes i tried- it doesn't seem to have the ability to set an alarm time and then play media, again, another useful feature that could help establish its "bona-fides" to the unwitting as a plain clock radio. But oh well.As a nanny-cam, sitting on an office shelf, or on a fireplace mantle, in a kitchen, this little unit would blend right in, as a digital clock. I think for the money it's probably one of the best covert video recorders available in this price range.