I received this video baby monitor about 4 months ago as a brand-new gift from a very good friend.  Since it was free for me, I am giving a review not based at all on price.  Unfortunately I haven't successfully gotten it to work either, so cannot review a functioning unit.I opened it up a couple of days ago (hadn't needed to use it prior), and the video screen unit does not work.  No green light when charging (there is an indicator but it does not light up), nothing.  Long story short, after switching batteries in the camera and monitor (they are the same voltage and therefore interchangeable, though one provides more 'juice' for the hungrier monitor), I successfully charged them both (they both power up the camera), and successfullly diagnosed the monitor as a dud.  OK, duds happen.  Minus 1/2 star for a dud with a sticker that reads 'quality control verified' or somesuch nonsense on the back.Now for the warranty.  The booklet describes a One year warranty, but that has a "Cancel" stamp across it.  Another small sheet describing the 90 day warranty is apparently the policy now.  Minus a full star for not supporting an electronic device beyond 90 days.  I would never buy it with that knowledge (unless I wanted to throw it away after the warranty - and it would have to be dirt cheap), it generally means you're producing near-future duds.Customer service - being outside the product warranty, I called them anyway, knowing that a decent customer service staff will make reasonable concessions to their own policies to avoid losing future customers.  I was able to reach them after holding for 15 minutes the first day.  The rep asked if I had charged both devices a full 16 hours and I told her no, only 30 minutes.  She instructed me to do that, and then call back if there was a problem.  I hung up, and a few seconds later realized that the video monitor's charge light had never come on when I plugged it into charge.  Oh well, phone call/wait time essentially wasted.  I did 'charge' it anyway for 16 hours at that point.The next 2 times I called customer service, the first time I gave up after holding for 20mins, and the second time I reached them after holding for 50 (FIFTY) minutes - interspersed with the usual 'blah blah your time is very important to us' garbage every few seconds.  Minus a full star for having to wait an average of 30+ minutes to speak to a customer rep.  Unfortunately for them, 'very' has more weight in my dictionary than theirs, so I happen to strongly disagree with that statement, and this gives them minus 1/2 star.They did not make a concession to their own policy, and offered me to send it in to fix for $62; add shipping, and that's well over 1/2 the current Amazon price of the item new, for something that's guaranteed to not break for 90 days.  Well that's reassuring.A slight minus for non-standard batteries.  I would prefer AA or AAA Eneloops any day over something of unknown quality that I have to special order (companies take heed!).  No star deduction there.  I can be fair.Another slight minus.  "Quality video" - it is something like 240x320 resolution, or 0.08 megapixel - far from quality in 2013 or 2010.  Perhaps quality in 1950.  I'll be fair and not deduct any stars, since I haven't actually seen the video in action.So starting with a 4-star review for a neat-concept, decently-implemented product, then subtracting my 2 stars as above is how I came up with the rating.  Note that the 'slight minuses' did not factor into the actual rating, but are not inconsistent with it.