I could go on and on about the awful experience I had last month trying to find a baby monitor that I could rely on.  I bought three of them before I found one that worked.  I tried the Samsung SEW-3037W, the Levana Astra, and the Motorola MBP36.First, the Samsung SEW-3037W  failed on the first night, leaving us high and dry.  They also had terrible telephone customer service the night the unit failed, and they continue to pester me because they want me to change my review.Next, the Levana Astra that I got to replace the Samsung stopped working in an even worse way, freezing a peaceful image of our baby sound asleep, without giving us any indication there was a problem.  After a while I decided to check on him because he was a little too still. I found him screaming for us. His image, asleep, was still on the monitor.Finally I bought a Motorola.  It hasn't failed us yet and it's been in use for over a month!  (I have developed lower expectations during this trial) I'll briefly compare them for anyone comparing audio-video baby monitors that have large viewing screens and night vision.Screen Size:All three have similar sized screens around 3.5 inches.Video Quality:All three have comparable video quality. All three have night vision which works well.  All three have a false "zoom" feature, which is actually just a magnification of the image, and is not all that helpful.Audio Quality:All three have comparable audio. All three have "talk to baby" option, which causes our baby to stare angrily at the camera mounted to his wall.  We tested the roboticness of the sound coming out of the camera to determine whether it would seem scary to baby. It sounds fine on all three.Other bells and whistles such as lullaby:I don't need or want these, so I am not reviewing them, or even noting which products have them.Ease of use:They are all fine, and similar. They all set up the same way.  You put a drywall screw on a wall near the crib (but the cord shouldn't come within 3 feet of baby as it's a strangulation hazard) and mount the camera to it.  The parent unit goes wherever the viewer will be.  In our house none of these devices could stay in contact with the nursery if we took the parent unit to the far end of the house.  Fortunately for us the baby's room is directly next to our room, and if we put our parent unit in the doorway to our living room, we can stay connected.  In my opinion the range is rather lacking on all three.I think the Samsung & Levana use a style of pan/tilt control button that is a little easier to control than the Motorola, which has separate buttons for each direction.  The Motorola uses the direction buttons to control the other features such as brightness and volume.  Not crazy about that but it's alright. The motorola does not have backlit buttons, making it necessary to use a cell phone or something to shine on the controls if you're, say, in the dark, in your bed.  I think the other two had easier to read buttons, or maybe it was just the shape of them that made more sense.  You have to see what you're doing with the Motorola because if you blindly push buttons you might accidentally turn on the lullaby.Reliability and manuals:Samsung: not reliable in my experience because it failed. It did have a warning beep to tell us it wasn't working, fortunately. The instruction manual did not offer a solution to our problem and it had to be sent back.Levana: very not reliable in my experience because it failed and didn't warn me it was failing. Comes with no user manual. Sent back.Motorola: Reliable.  (thank goodness) and has instructions in manual for pairing, should the camera and receiver ever become unpaired.I'm giving the Motorola 4 stars because I like it and it works.  It could use a little improvement, but at the same time, it's definitely the best option out there right now, so ...like it or leave it!