Good image quality with or without the night vision. Night vision mode kicks in too soon (when it is not dark enough) and can't be turned on and off manually.There is a built in speaker and mike for 2-way communication, which works rather poorly in terms of sound quality of what the camera hears and what those near it hear, and with some delay. There is a lot of static and feedback.Pan and tilt are not continuous, but the software has 4 presets, plus the camera default, so not too bad for checking your area. Can't follow a subject well though, due to choppy action and delay in response.On high bit rates and HD resolution and high quality, the images are nice and detailed enough, but nowhere near 30fps when viewed remotely - maybe 5 at the most. When connected via Ethernet cable (not via WiFi), the video os much smoother. Recorded video is better than what's seen on screen with wireless for some reason, not quite as nice as a good pocket cam at 720p, but fine for surveillance. It can be recorded on the camera with an optional SD card, on demand locally on the device used to monitor, or to an FTP site.My main two issues: (1) you can't view the cam remotely via browser. You can connect to the Swanneye web site and download locally installed software (which is your only option if you don't have a computer with an optical disk drive to install the included software). So no use over browser of a public computer where no software can be installed or over a Windows phone for which there is no app (only for iOS and Android there are apps). (2) the wireless connection is a bit shaky, with signal strength jumping from full to none constantly, even with the cam next to the router. Works from about 30 feet fine too, with the same jumpy behavior. WiFi is basically not good for some reason. There aren't many settings to change. I might try a replacement camera as this seems to affect the video streaming negatively and I know my connection is decently fast otherwise.Infrared is OK for a large room (25x25'), but the far end is a bit murky.Setup was easy even without WPS (my router does not support that) and it is a simple matter of using the provided software and follow the decent instructions in the included printed manual, which are actually almost good). Setup is supposed to be a breeze with a WPS enabled router, which most routers in the last few years have. Either way, there is no need to do port forwarding or other "technical" stuff. If you know your SSID (network name) and password and what kind of encryption you are using, you should be fine - it is no more complicated than connecting your iPhone or computer to your home network. An account with Swann is required and is easy to create. It is not from the manual clear what exactly that does and what happens to your privacy...The cam does not seem to have a built in web server like other cameras have. At least, I could not connect directly to it with my browser even though I had the right IP address for it, within my own network. It might work with third-party software that does not require a service through Swann, but you will need another provider for DDNS service for remote viewing, which Swann does for you automatically, behind the scenes with its software and registration process.There are several confusing "setup" icons for various things and they don't always work the same way, depending on if the camera is on or off or where in the login process you are, so read carefully to make sure you are clicking on the correct "settings" button. But once you click the right settings button, the info in the manual matches reality.For more info, download the manual from Swann to check the cam features - it is pretty detailed and the same as the included printed manual.