I have been in the information technology industry for over 15 years. I was able to install and configure this system without calling Zmodo or looking at the documentation much beyond checking to see what the default login ID and password are.But you will struggle with setup. I almost guarantee it. Unless you are an IT professional, you will be pulling your hair out trying to figure out how to make it go.Once you get it configured, it seems to work well. night time range is not that great, but they sell IR emitters to deal with that. Daytime video quality is excellent. Cameras are sturdy and solid, with water resistant design - look very professional and realistic. Extruded aluminum housings with steel rain shields.The DVR unit itself is smaller than I expected - about half the size of a video DVD player. A piece of 8.5 x 11 paper can completely cover the unit.Some helpful information:The default ID is 'admin' and login is '111111'On the DVR, I plugged the mouse into the back of the DVR and configured that first. I plugged in Ethernet and allowed it to get a DHCP address, then assigned a static IP address on my network.Press the Save or Submit button on every page before proceeding to the next page.Download the IPCSearch software (not included in the box) to configure wired and wireless settings for the cameras. Press Save after every configuration change. If you change the IP address, close and reopen the configuration pane before continuing.Each camera is its own IP device with its own web server and configuration page. Once you have an IP address, you can use your browser to configure advanced settings.You must use Internet Explorer to configure the DVR or the cameras from the web.Fully configure ethernet for the cameras, then configure wireless. Let the camera run for a few minutes after connecting to wireless. If you don't, it will lose the connection when you move the camera to its final location.For each camera, set the wired and wireless connection to the same IP address.On the DVR, cameras will automatically configure, but only up to 4 IP addresses. You'll need to delete and re-detect cameras after the IP addresses have been all sorted out.Make sure your cameras are within good signal range of your wireless access point (wireless router). Some people report cameras falling off the network. I've been running my system for a day now with no drops.Use a wifi scanner tool (software is available for PC and Mac) to scan for neighboring networks and check that your network is not trying to use the same channel as one nearby.If manually setting wireless channels, remember that channels are not discrete. They partly overlap! Set your network to channel 1 or 11 to avoid overlapping with other channels as much as possible. If your router has an auto channel feature, use it.If you are struggling, contact an IT savvy person to help install. This is essentially commercial-type technology available at a consumer price. The upshot is that it is using commercial software as well - not designed to be user friendly. The people who install commercial security DVRs do this every day, all day, and know the quirks. You don't, so expect to take time to learn things as you go.It took me about 3 hours to work my way through the installation, and I know a lot about computers and networks. Most people should expect to take at LEAST 4 hours to install, more if you have never done anything like this and are on the phone with tech support.UPDATE -My DVR unit started rebooting by itself and eventually started hanging and freezing. I have sent it in for repair/replacement and am awaiting its return. Seems to be temperature-sensitive. It would hang up more when it is hotter in the room.UPDATE 2 -Received a replacement DVR today. They sent a brand new unit. It is working fine now - will see if it fails again after a month or two. Customer support was good. I just interacted via email and had no problems when I carefully described the problem and my troubleshooting steps. They just asked me to send the old one back as RMA and I got the replacement about a week later.