After having thefts occur at numerous area farms, we were looking for a basic security recording system to help monitor our family's farm property. The Swann SWDVK-425554-US D1 Security Recording Kit certainly fits the bill. It has many positive features that we were looking for in a security system. Foremost, we don't want to have to "mess around" with it often. Thus, the "set & forget" continuous 4-channel recording for up to 15 days+ is a positive. Since we are monitoring outdoors, however, the motion detector feature is not really practical. Wind, horses, birds, etc. will all set it off, and there's (to me) always the fear of missing something.We are still working through the set-up on this, actually. We have to locate power to where we want to mount the base unit while still having plenty of distance to mount the cameras. Since each camera comes with a long cable, that should not be an issue based on our planning. However, we also want to make sure the base unit is also secure. What good is a security system if it can be stolen, as well? As such, we are considering building a lockable box. It won't be like putting it in an anchored/fireproof safe, but if we build a large box we can put a monitor in, as well, then close it up to protect from dust and moisture. Keeping that in mind, you WILL need a display for this, in some capacity. It does support VGA, so an older monitor should suffice.If you desire to use the Internet-based "live viewing", keep in mind you'll also need an internet connection. I've not gotten to the point of trying to configure this yet, as we do not have a network drop in our shop. As such, I'm hopeful I can use a wireless adapter. I just need time to work through it. It's a nice feature, but is likely to require some thought and configuration before I can use it. But it would be a VERY helpful feature to me for checking on the property and horses when travelling.So all this said, there are several things you should consider regarding this system. It is NOT just "plug and play":- You will need to plan the location of your cameras to record as many areas (or zones) as possible- You will need to carefully plan the location of the base unit to ensure your cameras all reach, as they are NOT wireless- You will need to install the cameras and run the wiring to the base unit. If you have an attic (vs. open rafters) this will be more difficult- You will need to ensure there is sufficient power at the location of your base unit- You will need to acquire a display for your unit, such as a computer monitor- You should plan to use a UPS device to protect the base from power surges while also recording during power outages.- You may wish to acquire an external hard drive for saving/transferring video for backup (to keep data for a longer period)Overall, this is a very nice unit and appears to be of good quality workmanship. As noted, it has many great features which will be helpful in keeping our farm secure. It is NOT an alarm system, but would actually be more helpful in catching a criminal who has made an attempt to steal something and has gotten away (it's hard to put an alarm on a gate). Just be aware of what you are getting, what you will need to provide, and what you will need to consider to set it up and you will find this to be a nice system.