I religiously followed the instructions in the manual, so here are a bunch of tips:1. Install the software from the mini-cd. I ran into my first issue here, as the icon that appeared on the desktop did not point to the program. On my 64-bit Vista machine, the program is installed into c:\windows\syswow64, but the icon pointed to c:\windows\system32. That was easily fixed by adjusting the icon properties, and seemed to be an anomaly - the uninstalled and reinstalled, and it did not happen again.2. When you run the ipcamera program, the window you get (with various device ip addresses) doesn't give you a clue as to which one is the camera. Unlike the picture in the manual on page 2, the camera is NOT labeled foscamdemo, but came up on my machine as "anonymous". It took a while to figure out that this entry was indeed the camera. If you double-click on the entry, it will open to the camera configuration page, which was the clue I needed. By the way, you can change the name of the camera from "anonymous" by using the "Alias Settings" entry in the "Administrator" section of the camera configuration.3. The next issue came when the camera demanded a login id and password (page 3 of the manual). LOOK ON THE BOTTOM OF THE CAMERA and you'll find a sticker with that information. You can change the id and password from the "User Settings" in the "Administrator" section.4. On page 4, the "share key" is the password for your wireless network, assuming you've secured it (you really should!).5. As one of the other reviewers noted, after you reboot the camera and (while it is rebooting) remove the network cable, it uses a new ip address once it comes up on the wireless network. You'll need to rerun the ipcamera application to find the camera's new ip address.6. There are some other confusing items as you continue the wireless set up and specify parameters to get it to work with dynamic DNS using a free dyndns account. First, in the Basic Network Settings (page 10), the default is to obtain the IP address from the DHCP server. You need to turn that off (uncheck the box) and follow the instructions in the manual. On my router (DLink on Comcast), the DNS Server only shows up in the WAN section of the status, and that entry is too large to fit in the DNS Server field for the camera. Instead, use the Gateway value - that seems to work.7. When configuring the port forwarding (page 11), you can use port 80 if your ISP doesn't block it (Comcast doesn't seem to) and then the URL you use to access the camera remotely doesn't require a port number.6. The biggest issue with this camera is that with IE 8 (running in both 64-bit Vista and 64-bit Win7), the video stream freezes, though you can still move the camera. In Win7, it may start up again after a few minutes (for a little while), then freeze again. Also, closing the tab and sometimes switching between the video feed and the Administrator section crashes IE8. I don't have the same problem with Google Chrome in Vista,  but as Andy noted, some of the features don't work, and I also noticed that Chrome doesn't allow for multiple cameras (the additional buttons for cameras 2-9  are missing). Also, in Win7, even with Chrome the video stream freezes, and the basic network settings come up blank.I guess I'll have to return it, after having spent two days setting it up. Bummer.