It took me about three days to get my five cameras that I have installed at my house all dialed in.They are very reliable; the cameras work VERY well with my wireless router; the motion detection works very reliably ONCE you have set everything up correctly.Please note -- I did NOT set these cameras up using the software.  I programmed each by hooking them up on a computer that saw them at their default IP address of 192.168.1.115.My network: C-cast cable modem, Router: Apple Airport Extreme, Cameras Connected Via: Wireless NThese cameras are set up default on the 192.168.1.xxx network at 115.  If you are like me and use a different 192 network, you will need to bring up a machine on the 1.xxx network at your home to see and configure this camera.Easy errors you can avoid when you setup these cameras:  - 1.  You must click 'Apply' after EVERY modification you make in a tab.  Some of the tabs, such as the Remote access user database allow you to add members, but until you click Apply, it is NOT saved on the camera.  - 2.  When configuring your network access on each camera, I would strongly recommend that you use a static IP.  You MUST include your gateway address and your DNS address (on a home local area network segment that should be your router address).  Make sure you click Apply before going on to another tab.  - 3.  If you are on C-cast and you want the motion detection feature to work to send you an email, remember to set your SMTP (email outbound) port to 587.  Port 25 may work for about a day, but then C-cast will turn it off (web query , "C*mc*st Port 25" for more info on this).  - 4.  Make certain that you click Apply after making each change on a tab.You do not need to use or pay for TZO DNS.  DynDNS works just fine for me (web query DynDNS for info).  When configuring for remote access, make sure to follow these tips to avoid common errors:  - 1.  Know AND understand how port forwarding on your router works.  - 2.  Make certain the local IP Address and forwarded port for remote access is the same on both your Router and your IP camera.  On my network my first camera is on port 1024, the second on 1025, and so on.  Make sure you click 'Apply' every time you make a change to your camera's settings.  - 3.  If you are using RTSP on your camera to view on a phone or software that supports RTSP, make certain the ports are open and correspond on your router and camera.  - 4.  If you are using a lot of cameras at a location like I am, use meaningful names for your cameras and port forwarding schemes on your router.With respect to the above tips, I found a lot of VERY useful information on this camera and how to set it up at: [...].Test each camera that you add to the network.  - 1. Access the camera on your local network via your 192.168.x.x,  - 2. Access it the same and include your forwarded port in the web address; example 192.168.1.120:1024,  - 3. Access your camera outside your network using your DNS name, example: mywvc80n.homeip.net:1024 -- include your DNS name and the port in the address,Doing this in sequence will aid you in isolating any errors that you may have made in configuring your camera, your home network, your router, and your DNS settings.Lastly, if you are using G-mail to receive the motion detection message with attached video clips look in your Spam email box.  Mark these messages as NOT SPAM.  Five second video clips vary in size from about 500kb to 1Mb.  Fortunately, if you use meaningful email subject lines in the camera configuration, G-mail will organize each camera's videos into single conversations rather than a storm of repititious email traffic.My Apple Airport Extreme with these cameras have proven to be very reliable with zero down time in three days.  I believe this camera would have much higher ratings if the users were more successful in avoiding mis-steps with this camera and their network configurations.~Kemo