This is a good little monitor. I always thought that video monitors were ridiculously expensive and unnecessary (before I had a baby). Then I began to realize the awesomeness of being able to see what's going on in the room without actually showing your face - something only a video monitor can provide. So I wanted one but don't have lots of cash to be throwing at an expensive monitor so I got this based on the positive reviews.It works great - we bought the open box one cheaper and it was brand new. That said, there are a few quirks.1. It does mess with our wifi some, as other have said. On our iPad it seems to be ok but on our laptop the wireless pretty much won't work when the monitor is on. It's not that big of a deal for us because we mostly use it for nighttime when we are also asleep. For naps I just flip it on once in awhile to check if I need to use the wifi while he sleeps.2. The VOX (standby) mode is a great option but the monitor is super sensitive so if you use a lot of white noise (we do) it won't ever go on standby. If it does go on standby it will flip back on if a noisy car goes down the street (that's how sensitive it is.3. The caveat to #2 (it staying on all the time) is that the lowest brightness setting is still super bright so, if it doesn't go on standby it's really bright in a dark room. You can turn off the infrared and leave the audio on to fix this but it's a hassle plus defeats the point of having a video monitor. I just put it face down on the dresser, it's still bright but not too bright.4. The loudest setting (9) is not very loud and it doesn't have a discernable "speaker," the noise just kind of comes from within the parent unit. I have not really had a problem with this because I (like most moms) am very sensitive to the noise of him waking so I still hear it. But don't expect a loud audio setting because there is none.5. a minor thing, but still, if the unit is getting ready to die (which it will in less than 3 hours off the charger)it just blinks a green light. There is no noise or anything - our audio monitor beeped loudly a few times to let us know that it was about to die - not this one. Also, it only takes about 30 seconds of it blinking to completely die so you better be paying attention and I don't recommend leaving on all night if it's not hooked up to the charger because you'll likely wake up to a dead monitor and a screaming baby.6. Just a funny thing: it marginally addictive. My husband can't stop watching it. Last night it died about an hour before we went to sleep and my he couldn't stand that it wasn't on. Be warned.7. The video isn't high def or anything. So, it's a little blurry, but everything is still very discernable. It also doesn't have a very wide angle so we, for example, have it about 3 ft above the crib on the wall but can't get the 6" or so on each end of the crib in the shot. We didn't want to take it farther up because we wanted the picture to still be clear.All that seems like it's bad but I love this monitor, truly. I would purchase it again and again, but I think it's important for potential buyers to know some of these things, because it might not be for you depending on your situation or what kind of parent you are.