I want to start out first by saying before you consider purchasing any security system I would be sure to think long and hard about what you want to accomplish with your system. How high of a resolution are you expecting out of the cameras? How many cameras do you really need? How much recording time do you need on your DVR? How much are you prepared to pay to have the system professionally installed or are you able to install the system on your own. If you are installing on your own you may want to compare the ease of wireless compared to wired cameras. If you have a single story home then running wires through your attic might be easier. If you have a larger two story home then and plan to have cameras both upstairs and downstairs like our house then installation is much more complicated.This security system comes with a 1 TB hard disk drive DVR, remote control, mouse, 8 security cameras and 65 foot of cable for each camera. This system has the ability to connect an additional 8 cameras but I am really not sure who would need 18 security cameras. Maybe a small business of some sort or someone that owns a mansion. I thought carefully about where to install my cameras and decided to install 5 of them on the first floor. I decided to go with the first floor for two reasons. The camera resolution is decent but you can see better when someone is within about 25 feet of the camera. If you go much further than that it gets blurry. These cameras will produce a decent picture but it can be a little fuzzy at times. It is good enough for the average home security system if you aren't expecting too much. If you are expecting HD picture or anything close you will not be happy. If you are expecting picture like that then you will have to substantially increase your security system budget. These cameras don't have the ability to pan or zoom but they do have built in night vision. Each camera has built-in infrared red LED lights that allow the cameras to see in the pitch black and nobody would even know the camera was there because you can't see the LED lights with your naked eye. Each camera comes with 65 foot of cable. If you are installing everything on the same floor then that might be enough but it may not be enough cord for your needs on a two story home. I will say that the cameras are pretty good quality. They are very strong and solid and much nicer than some of the others that I have seen. So far they have held up good to the weather and strong winds and the finish still looks nice on them.I am happy with my installation of the system but I really had to figure it out as I went along. There was a quick start guide the explained how to hook up the system and get it running but it gave no real instructions, guide or tips whatsoever on how to install the cameras other how to screw them into the wall. I think it would have been nice to have more detailed instructions. It comes with a mouse that you to select the camera viewing mode and change settings. For example you can view all eight cameras on the screen at the same time or you can pick one camera in particular and display it full screen. You can also set it to display each camera full screen but flip from one camera to the next. There are also various alarms and alerts that you can set up. You can tell the camera only to record when there is motion that it captures. Or you can tell it to alert you via email if there is movement detected on a particular camera. For example let's say you put a camera in a place where nobody should ever be at you could set the alert and it would notify you if movement was detected. It also has the ability to view your camera over the internet but I haven't got to use this option yet. It claims that you can view the video from any computer, tablet or smartphone but it doesn't give you an application or any directions on how to set up. Apparently you must use a third party app and configure it to work with this system. There are tons of menus with different settings. I know what some of the settings do but I have no idea about some of them as well. I think this system really needs a manual that will explain all the options in detail for those of us that aren't experts. Later I did find out that are some good videos on their website that would have been very helpful if I had knew about them upfront.Overall I consider this a very decent security system for the price. You get a large DVR, eight cameras with night vision, mouse and 520 total feet of cables. If you have a large house or a small business then having eight cameras might be nice but for the average home you probably won't need eight cameras. The good thing about this package is that I have a few cameras leftover as a backup. If one of the cameras would get damaged due to vandalism or extreme weather then I will easily be able to remove and replace the camera. The only thing that I was wish was different about this system is I wish that the cameras were wireless. That would make installation so much easier and give you more installation options. I am sure that would increase the cost but I think that would be a huge plus.