I've had my DVR8-4000 for about a year now, and it continues to work well for the most part: So far, I have found 3 frustrating issues with this equipment: Downloaded videos do not contain audio, the audio channels randomly swap with each other and unresponsive tech support.A friend of mine was looking for a surveillance DVR awhile back, and I am happy enough with my DVR8-4000 that I recommended it to him, but he wanted to know how it would work with wireless cameras.  I told him I didn't know and told him to e-mail Swann Support.  He did, but he never got any kind of reply, so he went with another system.  That was about 4 monthes ago.I contacted Swann Support about 6 months ago regarding two audio issues, and I still have not received a reply, so it's pretty clear that Swann's e-mail support is problematic.Now for the audio issues:  This DVR provides 4 audio channels, and if you play recordings directly off from the DVR itself, you get the audio.  If, however, you download the recorded videos, it strips off the audio, and I have not found any way to get around this, so if you wanted to ship a video recording to someone, you can forget being able to send the associated audio.  This is one of the questions I e-mail Swann about and never got a reply.The second, very annoying, audio issue is the channels randomly swap!  On my DVR, the audio that belongs to camera 1 and camera 2 will swap with the audio that belongs to camera 3 and camera 4.  Shutting down the DVR and restarting it will temporarily fix this, sometimes for minutes, sometimes for days.  This was the second issue I have never been able to find an answer to.Other than these audio issues (some people don't even use the audio, so this may not be an issue for you) and Swann's poor e-mail support, I have been happy with the quality of this product.  It has been reliable, and I live in the mountains where the cameras are exposed to some pretty severe weather, including cold temperatures and lots of ice and snow, and the cameras haven't missed a beat, despite the fact that they are on 24 X 7.Update: Today I tried to call Swann's support number, and I waited in a queue for a considerable amount of time.  When someone finally picked up my call, they were very polite but basically clueless: I had to explain many times the problem with the audio channels spontaneously swapping to the wrong cameras.  The technician kept telling me that I had the cables plugged into the wrong audio inputs.  I was finally able to get him to understand that this is not the case and that the audio channels are assigned to the correct cameras after a system reboot but eventually switch to a different cameras.  The technician didn't have a real answer.  He basically told me to get a better power supply.  I really doubt this is the issue.As far as losing the audio on downloaded videos is concerned, he was again clueless: He clamied that I simply needed to convert the downloaded H264 files to something like AVI.  Doesn't work.  Trust me.  The downloaded H264 files don't have audio, and I have literally tried about a dozen different conversion utilities, and each one indicates that the source file has no audio channels, so you can basically forget ever getting audio off from your DVR.  The best you can do is get soundless video.I suspect that virtually every unit shipped out behaves this way, and it amazes me that these technicians are so clueless about these problems.  Surely, I can't be the only one who has struggled with these issues.