Writing this review in response to other reviews. Someone wrote that you cannot use video surveillance in court. That may or may not be true (depends on your jurisdiction). Audio recording (which this does quite well) also may or may not be legal. However, there are plenty of cases where home video surveillance is admissible. But the bigger problem - so what if you record a masked intruder or a grainy burglar - remains true.Nevertheless, this does do video surveillance very well (for this price range). Don't expect spectacular resolution where you can zoom in on a license plate. But you'll get slightly better then old school TV quality. If you want specific coverage (like surveillance of your amazon package drop zone) then you'll get perfectly fine quality when the camera is within 15 feet. Better yet is the audio and speaker. This picks up footsteps at 10 feet. And when you talk through the camera it's loud.So prior reviewers are right... It may not be the best for mission critical security (though I would say it's best in price class). But it is excellent for... a "Wireless" front door intercom/video link... video baby monitor... surveillance of otherwise obscured areas... figuring out if your amazon packages were stolen or not delivered.Other thoughts...wireless link - very good (at about 50 feet, with many walls between). Additional antennae are also available (must be purchased separately).night vision - very good (has built in IR lights that seem to work to about 20 ft)Motion sensing - excellent. LCD monitor beeps loudly (volume adjustable) whenever motion is detected by a dedicated motion sensor.Video motion sensing - fair. You can additionally sense when the video image is changing and trigger the motion alarm. This is weaker (triggers for moving branches, shadows, distant cars, etc). Fortunately you can turn this off and leave the hardware motion sensor on.No battery - yes, you need to provide AC power to both the camera and the LCD panel. If you thought otherwise you are an idiot. Did I mention the high power IR lights, motion sensor, good resolution wireless video feed... What the hell battery did you think was going to power this? The back of a prius??? This is "wireless" because you don't need to run a video wire to the monitor, which otherwise would mean a lot of wall fishing. You'll still need to drill a hole someplace... for a POWER WIRE (though a clean install could easily conceal most of the power cord).AC power cord is short. Yes, another reviewer mentioned this as well. I too had to splice my power line. Works fine, but this does require some fine motor skills (the wires are tiny, possibly 20 or 22 g).Range - I'm having no problems at 25 feet and many walls between. That said, I run between 50-100% signal strength, so I doubt you'd be able to extend to 100s of feet without a boost.Internet connection - a poor afterthought, really nonexistent. If you connect the system to the internet that really means that the camera behaves like a Skype web cam. Then you can call into the camera to get the feed. But the local video monitor stupidly shuts down in this scenario. Also, you can't remotely switch multiple cameras. All in all the remote viewing option is poor.Intercom function - Works INCREDIBLY WELL. I love that I can be sitting at my desk and I get alerted when someone approaches (even before they ring the bell) . Then I push a button and ask them what they want all without ever getting up. Oh, you're selling vacuums? Please re-read the no solicitation sign that I just saw you ignore...