Living in the country is cool, but sometimes it can make one's home a target for thieves or vandals.  This Lorex will serve a dual purpose.  It will enable us to keep an eye out for the house when someone's not at home and also a pet-cam.  Just what goes on when you aren't home?  The setup is quick and easy and, even if you don't have a router that supports WPS, you still can connect. It's a bit more complicated, but doable.  You can connect from a PC, an iPhone, iPad & Android device.  If you have a Mac there are instructions on the Lorex Technology site.Setting up a camera may seem daunting to some, but it's really quite simple, especially with the step-by-step instructions and visuals included in the Quick Start Guide.  Lorex has also provided a video (both on Amazon and their website) I might recommend glancing at before starting.  For those who want to look at multiple locations either at home or away, this setup is expandable to four additional cameras.  The flexibility is awesome ... you can use it from everything to a security device, a baby monitor, elder monitor, or a cat/dog-cam.  If you have an iPad, provided you add additional cameras, you can see up to four locations on one screen.WHAT'S IN THE BOX:*  Wireless Network Camera*  Camera bracket (mounting kit)*  Ethernet cable*  Power adapter*  Quick Start Guide*  Software/documentation CDSPECS:*  iOS, Android, PC and Mac compatible*  Wi-Fi & wired internet connectivity*  Easy connection to Wi-Fi networks with WPS (you still can connect if your router does not support WPS)*  Night vision up to 30ft with single high-power IR LED*  microSD recording & playback supported*  Dual motion detection:  PIR & video*  Sound activated alerts*  Push notification of events and email alerts with snap shot attachment*  Bandwidth-efficient VGA (640 x 480) resolutionH.264 video compression*  Supports up to 20 simultaneous users*  Two-way audio supported*  Flexible indoor mounting (counter, wall, ceiling)*  Expandable up to 4 camerasThis is a versatile, expandable wireless network camera with amazing capabilities.  One thing that is not included is a microSD card (maximum 32 GB) and an optional external speaker.  If you are considering this camera to use as a baby monitor, I might like to point you in a slightly different direction.  You may wish to take a look at the Lorex LW2400 LIVE Wireless Video Baby Monitor, another product I own and have reviewed.  This unit even has Skype capability.From the photographs, this camera looks huge, but is actually small and can be unobtrusive.  If you are using it for security and there is an intrusion, the offenders may not see the camera.  The actual face of the camera, not including the stand, is approximately 2 1/4" x 3 3/4".  It's a very compact unit that will find a place in even the smallest quarters. Glancing around the Internet, I'm seeing a definite savings with an Amazon purchase.  If you want high tech security at an affordable price, the LorexWireless Network Camera is the way to go.