I've had this monitor awhile now and have been relatively pleased.  It does have a few quirks, though, so I will give you the good and bad.Good:*The picture is fabulous, both in daylight and at night.  I have it installed to the left above the baby's crib, which is not a large distance away. Saw another reviewer complaining of the night vision when installed at a distance, but mine is good.  I haven't tried a long-distance installation as I don't need that.*The audio is excellent with absolutely no white noise!  I can hear the baby breathing and it is just like I am sleeping in the bed next to his crib.*The walkie-talkie feature is very clear.*Night light is a nice feature and you can control it from the parent's unit.  So, if he is crying I can turn it on for a little light.*The range is good with the little antena up, considering our old house has solid wood walls.  It works even from the farthest room in the house.*Parent's unit plugs in and stays charged a long time.  I can get 6-7 hours on a single charge.  No batteries to buy!*Time based alarm on the parents unit allows me to set it to wake up to pump w/out having to set and re-set my regular alarm.*Very small and sleek, smart-phone like appearance of the parent's unit.  Lightweight and very portable.Bad:*The temperature is about 10 degrees off i.e. if the temp is 72, the unit reads 82.  I saw another reviewer complaining of the same thing, so I don't think the issue is isolated.*The sensitivity of the sleep mode audio alarm is very hard to get adjusted.  The intent is to adjust the level to where it doesn't go off for normal rustling, but will go off when baby is crying (when you use the sleep mode, the audio and video goes completely off and only comes back on when the alarm is triggered based on the audio sensitivity you have set).  I had it set where the alarm was constantly going off.  And then barely move it down at all and the alarm doesn't go off when he cries.  It's been a pain to get it at an acceptable level.  So, instead, I've set it to the least sensitive, which is like turning it off. There is no offical off switch.*The volume is tricky as it only works in 1x view and not 2x view.  See the discussion related to this post for instructions from a helpful poster.*No audio only option so that I am not bothered by the screen light glow in my room at night (I prefer not to use the sleep mode and keep the sensitivity at the lowest level).  However, I get around this by just setting it face down on a microfiber cloth.  Speaker is on the back of the unit, so this works just fine.*As another reviewer stated, the beeping when menu items/buttons are selected is annoying for your partner in bed still trying to sleep while you are playing with the monitor.*Support is horrible.  I called to have a question answered and every time got answering machine.  No response after 1 week and counting!!  This is unacceptable and will make me reconsider future samsung purchases.Overall, it's a great monitor and cheaper than other monitors with the talk feature.  However, the lack of support is frustrating.