I consider myself to be pretty tech savvy, this camera setup pretty easy at first. I followed all instructions exactly and got the camera connected very easily, then the problems started.My router is a Comcast Xfinity SMC router/modem combo I usually get between 20-50mbps download speeds on my network and never have issues with any other devices. The camera appeared to lag (around 4 seconds on audio/video). Then the video started to work real-time, yet the audio was 1-2 seconds behind (not a huge deal).When you initially set up the camera it must be via Ethernet cable directly hooked up to your router. After I rebooted the camera like instructed and hooked it up via Wi-Fi, that's when the serious issues took place. I moved the camera into the baby room (15 ft. from the router) and the video would either freeze or completely drop. The app used for android devices is the "TinyCam Monitor Pro" ($3.99 at the play store). The camera would connect, then fail, then connect and finally I was unable to connect at all. This is a HUGE problem and a MAJOR bug in the camera! If the camera freezes, you don't get notified at all. Your video and audio just no longer work. If you are relying on this for peace of mind, this is a deal breaker for me.Then there is the issue of the "night vision" mode. My camera was set to auto for all modes, yet the night vision mode would come on randomly even when there was adequate light in the room. Also, as other people have stated, the audible sound the camera makes when switching to night vision is loud and could disturb your baby.Next issue was the nanny cam set up. This is the reason I actually chose this camera over others. I followed all instructions, my router even states it supports UnPn, yet it wouldn't communicate with the camera. I tried the port forwarding thing and everything appeared to check out okay until I actually tried to view the external URL that you use to view it in Nanny Cam mode. This process would not be possible IMO for a person that isn't tech savvy.Bottom line: I will give support a chance to try and fix my issues; if I am not satisfied with functionality and reliability after that I will be returning this camera. I will post an update after I speak to the support team (going on 24 hrs. now of waiting).UPDATE: 4/16/14:  Called customer support, set up a screen share/phone call to fix my issues.  The tech was very helpful and fixed the nanny cam feature rather easy.  I then moved the camera to the baby's room (15 ft away from the router) and it wouldn't work, or when it did it was terribly unreliable.  We checked the settings and the camera was getting 4/5 bars for WiFi.  The tech couldn't troubleshoot the issue, so I had to request an RMA.  I had to put ANOTHER $200 deposit down so they will mail the replacement unit out before they receive my defective unit. So as of today I am out $459 and still don't have a working camera.  I will update again when I receive the replacement.UPDATE: 4/22/14:  Received my 2nd WiFi Baby camera today, set up an appointment with customer support and they were helpful. I had the exact same issues with this camera.  It freezes ALOT, this is a HUGE issue if I am using it for the safety of my daughter.  I would not trust this device to be reliable at all.The tech said it was probably my router that was the issue, not the camera.  I would say that his assessment was plausible if my other 10 wireless devices didn't work flawlessly or the speedtest.net didn't show 10 MBPS + download at the furthest distance from the router.  I am returning this item and will be getting a camera/monitor that is stand alone with the ability to be used over WiFi.I would NOT recommend this "made in China" junk to anyone, FYI if you search the internet there are SEVERAL other cameras that are the exact same with a different name on them.  The company even said their "manufacturer" makes the Y-cam among other brands.