When the Summer Infant monitor that my daughter was using for my 23 month old granddaughter broke, she replaced it with this one, which she also brings to my house when my granddaughter sleeps over. She and I have been using this now for about a month and have not experienced any of the problems in the negative reviews.As a preliminary matter, she bought this and her previous monitor at Babies R Us because of their incredible return policy for products that stop working properly regardless of how long ago you bought it from them. While I buy lots of products on Amazon, sometimes it pays to buy somewhere else for the convenience of returning a defective product. I have read lots of reviews complaining about Motorola support, and am glad that my daughter will never have to find out if they are true if any problems develop with this product--Babies R Us will simply replace it.Here is why I like this product:1. This is the easiest monitor to adjust for the proper viewing angle because you can rotate the monitor directly from the handheld unit. With the Summer unit I used to have to play around a little with the monitor when my granddaughter came to visit. No more. It takes seconds to perfectly adjust this. This ease of adjustment is important to consider if, like my daughter, you will regularly bring the monitor with you to locations outside your home.2. The night vision on this is great. I can easily see my granddaughter, not to mention all the toys in her crib. I have read numerous reviews complaining that the night vision does not work properly or has stopped working, but I have not experienced that, and will update this review if I do.3. The volume can be adjusted to various levels, and the temperature indicator is accurate.4. I do agree that the video button could have been made easier to find when you wake up dead tired in the middle of the night, but as a practical matter it has not been an issue for me.5. I like the large screen size, which makes for easy viewing.6. I leave the handheld unit plugged in most of the time, so I always have a fully charged battery.IMPORTANT: The picture on Amazon does not show the AC cord that is attached to the monitor and must be plugged in at all times. Never attach the monitor to the crib or anywhere near it where your child can reach the cord. There have been tragic deaths caused where children strangled themselves with a monitor's AC cord.Bottom line: This is probably the most expensive infant monitor on the market, but it is well worth the money.Update February 17, 2013: The battery life of a fully charged unit is about 6 hours without an AC power source. Once the unit is very low on battery charge, there is a helpful audio beep to alert you about every 10 seconds.Update March 16, 2014: We now own four of these--two at my daughter's house and two at mine--to monitor by 3 year 2 month old granddaughter and 11 month old grandson. I have yet to experience any of the problems in the negative reviews.