Brite-view plugCAM Powerline-Networking Plug & Play Camera Kit can quickly and very easily let you monitor things while you're away right on your Android or iOS device. The plugCAM works over your existing electrical wires so there's no wires to run, if you have an outlet you can set up the camera for monitoring.Inside the box I found the camera, user manual, mounting screws, power cable, powerline adapter and an Ethernet cable.The plugCAM is basically two parts, the wall adapter and the actual camera. The wall adapter is the part you plugin near your router or switch and attach the Ethernet cable to it.You don't need another powerline adapter for the camera as the camera has it built right into the base.The camera can be positioned many different ways, it moves right and left and can be titled up and down.The camera features a ring of infrared LEDs around the lens and at the very top is a light sensor to let the camera know when to use the LEDs. The lens can also be turned to focus the picture.Both parts are made of plastic but that's no surprise as pretty much everything is, but both the adapter and the camera seem sturdy and well made.To use the plugCAM you just need to plug it into your network via the powerline adapter and Ethernet cable. Once done the LEDs will light up and in a few seconds it will be ready to go.To connect the camera to your network you just plug it into a standard wall outlet. Overall I found the setup to be extremely simple, it couldn't be easier really just plug and play and that's it.To monitor the camera you need to use an Android or iOS device and download the appropriate free app (I'm using Android).There are three ways to add a camera, scan the QR code on the side of the camera, search on your local network or add it manually using the ID and password on the camera. I did the local search and in a few seconds it found the camera.Pros:Very simple setupIR LEDs very brightEasy to use app for mobile devicesWorks over existing power lines so no additional cables to runMonitor via phone or tablet while awayCons:Ethernet cord rather shortPictures are a bit grainyNo video recordingConclusion:If you're looking for a way to  monitor your home while you're away I don't think you'll find anything easier to setup than the Brite-view plugCAM. The plugCAM package is just as simple as plug and play truly, if you've got electric then you can stream video. The plugCAM has many more uses than just home surveillance like keeping an eye on your baby or even your pet while you're not home. Since it uses the power lines as your network you don't need to run any cables and anywhere you have an electrical outlet you can setup the camera. The system allows you to add several additional cameras as well so you can monitor pretty much everything you want.