The IP8262 is physically a well built IP camera, but that is where it ends.  There is a focus assist which is meant to help you get the focus as precise as possible.  The problem with the focus is that the slightest movement of the adjustment will through it way out of focus.  It needs to have a much finer adjustment.  I have played with it for 3 days now and have given up getting a nice sharp picture.  I have a 2Mp web-cam that I paid $79 for that has a much better picture than this camera.  The web-cam even does better in low light than this camera - regardless if the IR is on or off.The next problem is with the firmware.  It is very fluky dependent on the make and version of the browser you use.  Some of the configuration pages will work with Firefox and not IE and other pages in the configuration are just the opposite.  As an example, Firefox will let you drag and drop to adjust the window size for setting up motion triggers but IE will not work unless its an older version.  One browser won't let you adjust the maximum Mb size of a video capture (your limited to just over 8Mb per video) but Firefox will work.Although I can get around most of the aggravation with the configuration program, there is one glaring problem that makes this camera just not worth getting.  Unless someone can prove me wrong, when you set up the camera to trigger on motion.  You can only capture 7 pre-event frames the actual event image and up to 7 post-event images.  That is a total of 15 seconds of snapshot images.  The problem is that you can not get the camera to continue capturing snapshots immediately after the previous motion trigger.  No matter what I do, I end up with about 12 seconds of missing action.  I can't imagine why someone would want to get 7 pre-event images - they usually don't have anything significant in them.  So what you end up with is 7 images covering 7 seconds and then you have to wait another 10-12 seconds before it does it's next set of images.  By then you've lost perp - he's already in the house!  If you have this camera please prove me wrong.  18-20 seconds is a long time when someone is coming across your patio and breaking into a window.  You may get a couple images and the rest would most likely be be entirely missed.  It isn't quite as bad with video.  I haven't tested a bunch yet but I think there are only 12 seconds missing between video captures.  You can only capture 20 seconds of video with the camera software.  Even if you are saving the data onto a NAS, the trigger will only allow you to save 20 seconds at a whack and that just isn't enough.  Try capturing a series of images and videos with the timestamp on them and see how much time is MISSING.So if you are buying this for onboard video / snapshot capturing ability or the ability to send data directly to a NAS from the camera, I'd say continue looking.  There are much better cameras out there that produce a much better image and give you the ability to capture more frames and longer videos than this one does.  If you don't care about this functionality, then give it a try.  Good luck getting a nice clear image from this thing....