I wanted to install a camera for security surveillance for a long while.  After reviewing all the models available, I decided on buying this camera.  I got it from Amazon for below $100, so it was an OK deal at time of purchase.  If you are not technically inclined, this will give you some trouble.  Its Windows application is not user friendly although not difficult to use once you got used to hitting extra few buttons.  You need to search for the camera, then add it and define an area before seeing the video.  I set it up to detect motion and I have to say it is really good.  I tried it for a few days and it sent pictures to my work email so I know when the kids get home or there is unexpected intruder.  All works well so far.  I also tried using their free DDNS account to set up remote access.  Each camera comes with a free account for that purpose but the instructions said nothing about it.  What I discovered is that the web accounts are different from the user accounts set up via the Windows application.  And the default admin account on the web server has no password.  It took me a couple of hours to figure out these differences; but once it is up, my family can download the free smartphone app and see the video stream on their phone.  But for security reason I disabled it afterwards since this requires you to set up your router for port forwarding, this open up a hole for people to hack into your home network.  I plan to use it only when away for vacation.  Pan and tilt control can be difficult but you can use preset position to overcome this issue.  The video looks good and I have no complaint.  Infra-red works but I have no big use of it as this camera is not mounted outdoor.  I did not try the audio yet but don't expect it to be great for a wireless model.  The most irritating thing I found was each time when you logged into the windows application, the application left a directory CMS on your C: drive.  This Windows application also left a Record directory on your C drive.  And you have to manually delete multiple CMS directories so your C drive won't look like crap after a while.  This looks like some sort of time-stamp files and so far I cannot find a way to relocate them on the Windows application.  After completing initial set-up with Windows application, you can switch to use web access as your primary means to check the camera via wireless network, and this stamped file won't happen anymore.  One thing the web account can do and Windows application can't is to set the system time correct for daylight saving.  This part is missing on the Windows side.I did call their customer support two times for questions.  The first offshore guy speaks good English so after a few-minute discussion, I resolved my issue of knowing to hit some extra buttons to get the video.  The second guy however has typical difficult-to-understand foreign accent, it took some effort to communicate with him.  There is no deal breaker so far BUT don't expect user-friendly software to help you through this process.  Instructions that come with the hardware are minimal and it is worse than a summary in most cases. I did find a Youtube video by Foscam to set up an older model, it helps but not in a direct way.If you are good at searching answers on internet, know your router and understand web access, there should be no big challenge to set this up.  If not, this is far from plug and play so you may have to find a friend who does this before.