Pros: Affordable system with 8 cameras.  Standalone & hardwired with power over the same connection as the video.  DVR capability with decent resolution.  It is hardwired (no wireless signal noise to battle).  Affordably priced. Not a bad system overall.Cons: It is hardwired, so you have to be prepared to plan our your installation.  Cameras can only be mounted one way, and only after installing them do you realize that this is done to make the mounting extremely solid. The interface is clunky and looks like it was made 20 years ago and not touched. While each individual camera can record at an excellent frame rate and high resolution, the system AS A WHOLE is limited to ~240 frames per second.  The instructions are clunky and vagueNotes:This is clearly NOT a professional system, and you should be able to tell by the price.  You get what you pay for: a decent system that gets the job done if you are willing to put in the time to tweak the system a bit.  Going in to this understanding the limitations of a system of this price point will properly set your expectations (don't expect 1080p Movie quality for distances from your house to around the block, for example).The marketing material is entirely misleading and borderline false.  Sure, you can do the highest resolution.. a 1 frame per second if you have all of the cameras included.. but what use is that? If you only have 6 cameras connected, the other 2 unused cameras as still included in the calculation of the total number of frames per second.There are three resolutions:CIF - Crap  - 1 frame per second = 1 total frame per secondHD1 - A little better than crap  - 1 frame per second = 2 total frames per secondD1 - Not Bad  - 1 frame per second = 4 total frames per secondThe cameras will give you the detail you are looking for at home with 600 total lines of resolution per camera.  That's actually not bad.  But don't expect the recorded images to flow like your video camera or phone video as you will need to reduce the frame rate for each camera in order to support the higher resolutions. If you want all of your cameras at the best resolution (Under Record->Mainstream), you can see that you will have to adjust your cameras accordingly.  Remember, though, this is just for recording, not live viewing.Live viewing is always very grainy!Use the SwanView iPhone App not the ad-ridden Defender one!  Ads?  That is a straight up insult to their customers. I'd like to slap the guy who thought "yeah, lets put ads on the app that we say is 'free' with the system that we made people fork over $$$ for."Read the other reviews here before wiring! I can't stress this one enough! One reviewer's notes made my installation a breeze by understanding that the cables can only go ONE way (not because of the video connector, but because of the power connector).  Maximum distance is ~165-180 feet, so you can get creative without drilling (you need to buy longer lengths of cable if you want to go that far).  I ran all of my cables out from my house in two distinct spots, then tucked the wiring under/behind the siding before finally drilling a 1/4" hole through the siding only and mounting the camera over the hole.My three biggest issues are:1. The manual is near useless for USING the system.  If you don't have history in IT (I do), then trying to figure out all of the settings through the ancient clunky interface will make you want to pull your hair out and put your fist through the screen in just a few minutes.  NOTE: DO NOT put this directly outside of your firewall or configure your firewall to allow you to get to it from outside your network if you don't truly understand security.. unless of course you want someone else to get in to your camera system without your knowledge.  Ask a friend for help with this one!2. The interface is OLD and DILAPIDATED.  It looks like something running under Windows 3.1!  The only up-side here is that the entire system is really a "set it once and never touch it again" kind of system, so if you manage to make your way through the entire configuration to the point where you are ok with the results, you're done for a long time.3. Motion detection is spotty.  I especially like the one reviewer who included "ghosts" in what the motion detection picks up.  It's 100% true! Email notifications are neat and work well with the motion detection, but because the motion detection is so touchy, you will get emails constantly.