This is a great system, I really like it. Here's my review about it.Note: I didn't purchase this on Amazon but this is the exact system that I bought so I decided to write a review about it here.This system comes with the DVR, four cameras, four 60ft power+video siamese cables, a mouse, the power supply (power brick) for DVR, and a single power supply with a 4-way splitter for all of the cameras.- - - - - - - - - - - - -Part 1: The DVRThe DVR is great. It's nice and clean looking. The user interface looks crappy but I didn't pay much for it so I don't expect a pretty UI on it. It's also not that intuitive/user-friendly but I'm pretty familiar with it now . It was much easier than I thought it would be to install the hard drive. The screws on the DVR cover weren't even on it yet (they were in a bag with the hard drive screws) which made it easier to install the hard drive since I didn't have to unscrew each screw on the hard drive first. It came with the screws for the hard drive as well as the hard drive cover. I got a 500GB "white label" hard drive for $45 on another site and it's working great.The DVR has motion detection recording which is really nice. You can set it to continuously record or to only record when it detects motion. You can also set it up to send you an email when it detects motion and attach a picture of the motion it detected.- - - - - - - -EDIT: I have now successfully set up the networking stuff. It didn't take me too long, and I followed Zmodo's tutorial but I have experience with networking so it was pretty easy. You just have to open a few ports on your router. I can view my cameras anywhere on my iPhone as well as from any computer (that has Internet Explorer - ugh, I know... but it requires ActiveX to work). I couldn't get the email notification to work though - it just wouldn't work. I would've constantly been getting emails anyway though since the motion detection recording is triggered all the time.- - - - - - - -The DVR has 8 BNC video inputs, 2 BNC outputs, 4 RCA audio inputs, 2 USB inputs (one for mouse and one for flash drive to back up files), 1 ethernet input, 1 VGA output (for monitor), and the power input.- - - - - - - - - - - - -Part 2: The CamerasThis system comes with 4 cameras but the DVR is 8 channel so I have the ability to extend it if I need to add more cameras. The cameras were a little bigger than I expected them to be, but they're not too big. A couple years ago I got a couple of Lorex cameras from Radio Shack, and they're a bit smaller than these Zmodo cameras; I was expecting the Zmodo cameras to be as small as the Lorex ones. They do have more IR lights (night vision) on them though. The Lorex cameras that I previously had have microphones built in to them but the Zmodo cameras do NOT have microphones. I'm using the Lorex camera for the front door (so I have audio) but you can buy this small microphone to attach to one or more of the Zmodo security cameras for audio: VideoSecu High Sensitive Audio Pickup Device External Amplified Tiny Spy Microphone for CCTV Security Camera with Bonus Warning Decal WD6 You'll have to purchase a cord that has the audio though too (they're available here on Amazon - 100ft video+audio+power cable for around $10).The cameras come with brackets and the mounting screws. It's kind of difficult to get it just right but I haven't had issues with the mounting brackets like others have had - they didn't break and I tightened it pretty good. Also, the camera colors are pretty accurate. I noticed some people have said that the camera colors aren't accurate but mine are pretty accurate.The night vision isn't that great, but it's better than just a black screen. You can see more than shadows but still not enough to identify someone. Lights that are outside your house make the night vision better though.- - - - - - - - - - - - -Overall, I am very happy with this system. I got a nice 8 channel DVR with 4 cameras for a great deal.PLEASE NOTE: This system does not come with a hard drive installed in the DVR, you have to buy it separately. You can still view the cameras without the hard drive but you won't be able to record anything without it.