My wife is expecting twins shortly so we wanted to set up an IP camera so that family (4000 miles away) can see the babies anytime they want.  I researched lots of IP cameras (this being my first purchase of one) and decided to take a shot at the Loftek CXS 2200.This is actually my second unit as the first one was faulty.  I contacted Loftek directly and they were VERY helpful.  I had quite a good email exchange with them and each time I sent one I had a reply within 24 hours (and usually by the time I woke up the next day).  They confirmed that it was faulty and asked me to mail it back to them.  As soon as I provided them with a tracking number for the return of the unit they shipped out a new one straight away and they also refunded my shipping costs - fantastic!  It's always a shame when products fail, but when it does happen it's nice to have good customer service to back it up.Anyway... on to the camera.  It's pretty easy to set up - it comes with some useful setup software and the Quickstart guide is decent but there are more detailed instructions online if you want them.  You connect via wired Ethernet to start with and then set up the wireless connection.  One word of warning - the MAC address that the setup software tells you is the MAC address of the WIRED Ethernet, not the wireless connection.  If you have MAC filtering on your router like me, the easiest thing to do is temporarily disable it, connect the camera wirelessly, find out the wireless MAC and then add that to the router filter list.  After setting up port forwarding on my router, family can now view the camera anytime they want.  Rather usefully, each camera comes with a unique DDNS name so you can just give that out to potential users instead of an IP address.The camera itself produces a good, clear image, although the daytime colors are a little washed out and slightly mis-colored (although that's completely normal for a night-vision-capable camera like this).  The night vision is excellent and, aside from losing the color (again, completely normal) it's just as good as daytime for items within around 20 ft of the lens.  The IR LEDs aren't visably bright at all which is great for not disturbing sleeping subjects!  The pan and tilt is really good too - fantastic range of motion and very easy to control.  Lastly, the configuration software is very easy to use and the user set up is nice - you can set up Admin users (full control), Operators (who can move the camera but can't control the set up of the device) and Visitors (who can view but not move the camera).  The only issue I've found is that a plug-in is used to view through Internet Explorer.  I have 64-bit Win 7 and the plug-in kept crashing my machine.  However, my father used 32-bit with no issues and we view it using Google Chrome (which doesn't require a plug-in and nor do Firefox or Safari) and have no problems.In short, it's a nice little camera that produces a good image and it seems to be backed up by great customer service - thanks Loftek!