The Agasio M105I was a roll of the dice for me. My house sits back a fairly long lane and the garage/driveway side of the house has no windows. So, there's no easy way to tell if a vehicle has pulled down the driveway or if there is someone snooping around (I live in a rural area where most of the houses are empty during the day and the neighbors are just close enough to have you constantly wondering if the idling vehicle is next door or parked in your driveway).I wanted a camera that I could view remotely that had good resolution, night-vision capability and a fairly decent software package. This camera fits the bill with an outdoor rated enclosure, both wireless and wired ethernet network support and a decent web interface.It does have modest PC-based software support for recording movement and centralized viewing, but it's a bit of a hack (although it does a decent job of pretending to be a Foscam device). I've tinkered with ZoneMinder as a camera manager with this unit and, while I have had it working a couple of times, it tends to be on the flaky side. I might spend some additional time with this software as I am a "Windows-free" user...The built-in web interface is spartan, but functional with support for motion detection (I have it linked to my Gmail account, so that I get images emailed to that account whenever it detects motion above a certain threshold). It also has dynamic DNS support if you want to point a web browser at it or monitor it with remote software. The ethernet connection also supports direct to DSL connections with PPoE support.Wireless performance is pretty decent, if sluggish. My "G" access point is in my house at the opposite end from the camera and the camera itself is mounted on a detached garage about 40 feet from the house. Even at this distance, I get fairly smooth video when on my internal network and good refresh rates when viewing the camera on my 4G mobile phone. However, any additional cameras that I might add to the network will be hardwired to cut down on latency and the amount of traffic on my WLAN.An issue of concern for me is that the login credentials for the camera are not encrypted and passed as plain text. This is, largely, a non-issue when you are not exposing the camera to the internet, but this is the expected use in a home-owner's or small/remote location. It's not a deal-breaker for most folks, but be aware as it does present an attack vector for your network.Another small gripe is the uber-cheesy mount. In order to mount the camera on a vertical plane and point the camera at a 90deg angle to that plane, you have to add a spacer (like a block of wood) or replace the mount with a more substantial mount. Fortunately, the camera uses a standard mounting foot and screw, so nearly any standard mount should work.While this device doesn't hold a candle to the high-end HD IP cameras that I use at work, at less than $100 with shipping, there is little to complain about.