I've seen a lot of reviews of this product that suggest it is difficult to set up or fails do work as advertised. I got mine and had none of the problems listed. The camera itself had a different brand name than the one shown in the product listing, but the features and location of connections were exactly as shown.The enclosed (printed) directions are barely understandable. Fear not! Very well written directions are on the enclosed cd. The full user manual has all you may need to know to use the camera in a wide range of applications. If you don't feel like reading them, let me give the you way I set mine up. You do need to do these steps in the exact order I give them if you want the painless install.1. Unpack everything. Find the antenna and screw onto the camera. Be sure you have the network cable and power supply.2. Plug the network cable into the camera and then into your router (wireless router I assume).3. Plug the power cord into the camera and a wall socket. The reason you do this in order is that the camera will sense your network and get an IP address from your router instead of the default that is hard-coded into the camera.4. Load the CD into your PC and install the setup software.5. When you see the menu, select "Detect the camera"6. Pick the "Advanced" button when the detect screen appears. Do NOT pick the "Wizard".7. When the detect window opens, on the top left you see a dropdown with network adapters. You will also see various IP addresses. If you don't see a value for "Gateway", go to the dropdown and chances are you will see a 2nd network adapter. The first one is frequently the Microsoft default (on PC's). Select the 2nd adapter. If you see the gateway IP appear, you are in business.8. There is a window on the bottom left that should show your camera. If it isn't there, click the "Find" button. If your network connection is correct, it will appear as a line in that window (with the IP address your router assigned it).9. When you click on the camera line, the addresses to the right should appear the same (at least for the camera) as the one on the camera line you selected. Be sure that the gateway address is populated. Write down the camera's IP address. Don't worry you are almost done.10. You will see that there are to web addresses (URL's) on the bottom of the right column. The bottom one is a service to let you see your camera on the web. Set that up at your own peril. The upper one is the address you need to use to access your camera from inside your house. Note it. Also click the button to go to it. A browser will open.11. The browser opens with a bunch of choices. Make the one appropriate for your setup. If you are using Internet Explorer, use the one for IE. Click "Sign In".12. You will get a user name and password box. The user name is "admin" (no quote marks). Leave password blank. and click "Ok"13. You now will see the camera working. Cool! But wait! Just a bit more to do. If you want to password protect the camera, go to the "Users" link on the left. You can add new users, or just add a password for the admin user. Remember the password you selected! Click "Apply".14. Almost done! The camera will reboot. Now on the same menu (on the left) select "wireless" (or something to that effect). When that page is loaded, it will find any wireless networks you have. If it doesn't, click the "Find" button. Give it a minute or two. This isn't a very fast function.15. Select your network (click on it in the window). Now if you have a password protected network (you better!), you can select your network type. See your router instructions if you aren't sure. Then, in the case of most typical home networks, type your password in the correct box.16. Click Apply. The camera will reboot.17. After reboot, disconnect your network cable and unplug the camera. Wait ten seconds and plug it in again (power not network).18. Try to go the URL you copied down...[...] numbers and periods you copied...i.e.: 198.204.1.34) and click the "Go" arrow (or hit "enter"). YOu should get the password screen. Type in your user name and password and click OK. You should see your camera.Now unplug and put it wherever you want it and plug in the power. It will work!The quality of the picture isn't great, but it is certainly within expectations for a security camera. At the price, this ia an amazing deal. I love mine.