This product had the features that other brands lacked and also was very user friendly. I had been using a high dollar alarm company installed system that cost five times more, and the QT5680 surpassed its older technology for waaaay less. FYI alarm companies still charge five times more for basically the same thing.The cameras included in this system are 600TVL resolution which are very good compared to other packaged systems that come with 420TVL. The cameras provide a clear and true color representation with the IR cut filter. At night the IR LEDs provide just the right amount of light within a reasonable distance.The DVR is very compact and doesn't take up too much space for an 8-channel system. It records at Full D1 resolution for all 8 channels which I believe is today's minimum standard compared to older outdated systems that record at CIF resolution.This DVR also included an option to connect cameras that have built-in microphones so that you may record audio as well. The DVR has user friendly menus and is pretty simple to setup with or without the easy to follow fold-out instructions.Accessing the DVR from an outside network didn't present any problems after properly configuring the router and setting up a Dynamic DNS account.I was impressed with the software ability to access the DVR from my smartphone. The quality of the live feed viewing of the cameras was high as expected. I was very impressed by the feature of being able to search and play back files stored on the DVR from my smartphone. Playback of the video files was very fast with no lag and was very smooth.Overall, I would highly recommend this system for anyone looking to install a decent system on a budget. I would also recommend this system to those needing to replace an older system like I did.Here are some manufacturer specs.3-Axis Adjustable Camera YesAssembled Depth (in.) 18 inAssembled Height (in.) 12 inAssembled Width (in.) 14 inCamera Resolution (TVL) 700Camera Technology Analog/ DirectCamera Type CMOSCamera Use Indoor/Outdoor CamerasColor or Black and White ColorCommercial / Residential ResidentialConnected Home ProtocolProprietary Covert NoHard Drive Size 1TB -1.9TBMaximum Record Time (hrs) 2376Night Vision Distance (ft.) 100Number of Cameras Included 4Number of Channels 8Optical Zoom NoRecording Resolution 2CIF/D1Storage Capacity 1 TBSurveillance Features Night Vision,Remote Internet ViewingPros: Easy to Use, Compact, Motion-Activated, Lots of Features, Clear Instructions, Very Bright, Nice Design, Easy InstallationCons: I had only two cons with this system. One was that I needed wider angle cameras on the side of my house as it is a bit close to a fence. The specifications did not indicate the size of the lens which determine the viewing angle. These cameras seem to have come with 5 or 6mm lens. I had to place these cameras further away from my original intended locations to make up for the narrower views.The other was setting up the mobile app on the network was a pain, don't gorget to set your network security settings to allow things to setup as they should otherwise all will be blocked. Will have to put in some settings into your router if its more than three years old most likely. Most the new ones are plug and play, your mileage may carry in this aspect. Customer service was helpful if you are patient to wait in cue.