Oh my goodness I hate this camera! Ok, not really the camera itself, 'cause it really is great. But it took me about 12 hours (with a few breaks, and taking care of my kid) to get it all set up and working on my computer, making it wireless wasn't really that hard, but oh freaking boy did I have trouble getting it on my android app! I watched 2 youtube videos as well as read half the reviews on here that explain how to do everything, but it's just so super hard if they don't have the same systems that you do! And then when whatever they did works for them (on youtube), but doesn't work for you and they don't say "if that didn't work for you, here's what to do...", it's that much harder! I finally managed to get it to work on my android app (IP Cam Viewer Pro) so I got to use it as a baby monitor last night (worked flawlessly), but I can only view it inside my home network. I have probably another 12 hours worth of work trying to figure out how to make it work on 3/4G and other wireless networks! I did so much "bs-ing" yesterday that I know I'm going to have just as much trouble setting up my second camera!Aside from the million issues I had with setting it up, it is a pretty good camera. Mine is about a second behind real time, which isn't really that big of an issue, don't know if there's anything I can do to fix that. The Pan/tilt is awesome, has a very wide range which is great when you have a very active toddler! The audio is pretty good, but the 2 way (us talking through the camera into the room) is sooo quiet. If we want anyone in that room to hear us, we have to shout...which makes it pointless at home 'cause we live in an apartment and can be heard shouting without the camera.I haven't been able to figure out a bunch of things though, the instructions don't say anything about setting up all the extra features such as preset positions, recording when motion is detected, how to get the videos sent to your email, all that kind of stuff. I've found where I'm supposed to dink around with all that stuff, but haven't gotten anything to really happen. So I'm with practically everyone else on this. If you don't have much experience with computers, you either need to have A LOT of patience, or a friend to help/do it for you. I'm normally able to bs things fairly easily, so I didn't think I would have so many problems with this. If that's your attitude, get over it right now, 'cause this camera will have you pulling out your hair and (probably more so if you're a girl), wanting to cry because you're so frustrated :)I was on the verge of tears multiple times. Would definitely recommend this camera, just wish it were sold with a tech geek attached! (not making fun of anyone, I promise!)