After a few months with this camera, I have come to the conclusion that someone who is still using a bag phone, owns a tube-type television, and probably types business letters on an IBM Selectric designed this system. Why else would they have an programming system that is only accessible via television? Hello, there's this amazing newfangled thing called the LAPTOP, its use is darned near universal, and it is a bit more portable than my television set. It is also available in a larger version called the DESKTOP, which is pretty much ubiquitous in any modern office. Much more so than a tv.Since this system seems to be aimed at the small business market, why would you not create an interface that could be controlled by an easy computer link? And control it you must, because for some reason, the unit seems to lose its programming relatively frequently, at least my unit does.Although you can remove the SD card and view video on your computer, programming must be done using the RCA to RCA (male) Video Wire plugged directly in to a television set - not into your entertainment system, but direct to the TV (at least on our system, this is the only way I could get it to recognize the camera). The cable is short, and the control buttons are on the back of the unit, so if your RCA plug in is at the back of your TV set, you're left standing and holding the camera at an awkward angle, trying to figure out which button to push while looking at the instructions on the TV.And, here's the worst part, there is absolutely no way to set the camera up and watch what it is doing in real-time unless you are setting it up right next to a television monitor and have it plugged in constantly. You can't tell if the camera is actually recording, even if the angle is right. The procedure (without a TV nearby) is, turn on the camera, walk around in front of it for awhile, walk up to the camera and stand absolutely still for a minute to make sure it's not recording, then turn it off (if it's recording when you turn it off it corrupts the file on the SD card), remove the SD card, insert SD card into your computer, find out the stupid camera is not recording, take the camera back over to the TV set, struggle to plug it in, check the confusing programming and see what's wrong, fix the problem (you hope), take the camera back to it's location and start the whole procedure over again.The motion sensing unit on this camera is strange, it seems to work best at about 5' to 10' away, then works intermittently with anything closer or further away. And about 1/3rd of the time, it doesn't record at all, even with optimum lighting and environment.A security camera that doesn't work when you need it is almost worse than no security camera at all.We also have an older version of the Logitech wireless "Wilife" security cameras. We've used it during extended vacations to keep an eye on our animals and it's behaved with very few issues for years. I know people with older homes have some problems with the Wilife system due to their home wiring causing interference (the system using electrical plug-ins to transfer the signal from the camera to the base/computer), but if your home meets the criteria, the system works well. The price of Wilife cameras has reduced drastically since the new Logitech system has been released, and you can purchase TWO Wilife cameras for the price of one of these Defender systems. Because of this, and because of the poor interface and intermittent issues I've had with the Defender camera, there is no way I can recommend it.