This baby monitor has done a reasonable job for my wife and I since we got it about 6 months ago. We keep the camera plugged into an outlet 24/7, so we don't know how long it lasts under battery power. We use the monitor both plugged into an outlet and battery powered about an equal amount of time.  The monitor is able to last a reasonable amount of time away from the power cord and it gives you plenty of warning when it is getting low on power. The signal seems to be able to travel a reasonable distance, our house is on the long-ish side and we are able to pick up signal *almost* all the way on the opposite side of the house. The picture both at night (with the infrared) and day seems to be reasonably good, but the point of a camera/monitor in this price range isn't so you count every single hair on your baby's head while they sleep. It is interesting that the displayed picture can be a combination of visible light and infrared light - it will use the picture from the visible light (in color) when its intensity/brightness is greater than that of the picture from the infrared light (displays on a grey scale). We like that we can have the sound only kick on when he is making sounds over the background noise (we also have a white noise machine). Other features we use include talking and turning on a night light (built into the top of the camera). We haven't used the music feature at all. I also have not tried to hook it up to our computer(s) to view the camera online. Our son still sleeps in our room, so we only use it for his naps and for a few hours when he goes down in the evening before we go to sleep.Things we don't like include the temperature reading (which is usually about +10 degrees from the actual temperature in the room), the talk button right next to the power on/off slide, and, most recently, the date/time read out. Apparently there is a leap-year bug in our device. When the date set is associated with any leap-year, the device will reset to June 10, 2010 12:00AM when we turn the device back on (it will not do this with any other year). While we would like to have these features work/arranged better, not having them perfect is more of an annoyance than anything else.UPDATE (01/04/2012) - Samsung is aware of the leap-year bug and is working on a fix. [Knocked it down to 3 out of 5 stars.]UPDATE (05/30/2012) - The signal from the camera does not display on the device anymore, only works when video is output to TV (or some other external display). The only work around (as crazy as it may seem) is to take the power cord (unplug from the wall) and plug the end that would normally go into the power-in slot into the video-out slot... somehow that provides the necessary connection/resistance to signal the onboard display to come on. Otherwise... no dice! The device also has issues charging (connections are not so good). Since we mostly have the monitor output signal to the TV, we wedge a non-electricity conducting object between where the power cord and where the video/audio output cord is plugged into the device. That seems to help the connection... for now. Too many workarounds to recommend this device to a friend. [Knocked it down to 2 out of 5 stars].UPDATE (05/06/2012) - Just in case anyone else has the same display issues I have... I ended up going to Radio Shack and purchasing the power adapter tip thingie that is the same size as the one at the end of the power adapter cord that comes with the monitor, so we do not need to lug around the entire power adapter cord to get the display to show up on the screen when we are away from an external display.