I bought this video/audio doorbell due to my decreasing mobility, as my front door is a half-flight between the two floors in my home. The system is very easy to use - the person at the door just pushes the doorbell, and when I hear the doorbell I just push one button on the screen to activate the camera to see and another button to activate the 2-way intercom to talk.  This enables me to see and speak with the person at the front door before deciding if I want to use my stairlift to go to the front door to let them in.  This has made it much easier for me to stay in my home and maintain my independence and safety.Installing the system is not as easy.  This system includes the outdoor doorbell/speaker unit and the outdoor camera unit as well as the indoor combination speaker/screen.  The outdoor units need to be wired into a power source inside the house, so you will have to drill and wire if these connections are not already in place.  The indoor speaker screen needs to be plugged into a power source.  To connect the outdoor and indoor components there is a single cable containing 2 wires - you have to split open the cable and connect one wire to the doorbell/speaker unit and one to the camera from inside the wall, then you have to run the cable through your home to connect both wires to the indoor screen/intercom unit, so you need to select where you want to locate the indoor screen, as it is tethered to the cable, as well as to the power-source cord.  However, the hard-wire connection provides a reliably clear sound and picture, and the night vision really works well too.  You also need to decide where to position the stationary outdoor camera so you can see children and adults of various heights;  I had mine set a bit high but angled down, so I sometimes have to ask people to step back or closer or left or right and to look up so I can see their face.  I hired an electrician to do all this work, but you may be handy enough to do it yourself.Note:  I also purchased the door-jam unlock component so I could unlock the front door from the indoor speaker/screen;  however, the company that had previously installed my metal front door, including the door frame and lock, declined to install this component, and also informed me that I would lose the door's fire-rating status if anyone cut or otherwise altered any portion of the door or its frame or lock.  I therefore did not install this component, and suggest you confirm if you can use it with your door before you order it.Bottom line, this unit has helped me a lot at a reasonable cost, even with the electrician's charges.  However, it would have been very helpful to have an up-front checklist of the above factors to consider before purchasing it.In the future I may consider a more expensive system with multiple outdoor cameras and a single wireless indoor screen/speaker unit if available, and I would also like to be able to remotely move the outdoor cameras so I could scan wider areas with each camera.