Overall a decent product for the price. Fairly straightforward plug & play type setup, requires only a minimal amount of technical know-how to get up and running. The most difficult part for us was running the cables neatly along the outside of the house, through the attic and down in to the wall. It should be noted that these cameras provide a wide-angle view, which we really like, however the downside to this is things appear farther away then they really are. The picture resolution leaves a lot to be desired as well. The company touts these as high-res cameras but they are anything but. A word of caution: unless your subject is within about arms-reach of the lens you will have a difficult time making out any distinguishing features of your perp. Most people walking alongside of our house (about 8 feet from the camera) are only identifiable by the color of the clothes they are wearing. Oddly enough, the night-vision picture is typically alot clearer than the daylight video we get off of these. Also it's worth mentioning that I live in the Silicon Valley, am an A+ certified technician and have worked diagnosing, troubleshooting and fixing complex technical & network issues for several years at a large corporation. Despite all of this, and after 3 whole days of working at a solution, I have been so far unsuccessful in getting any of the internet/mobile viewing stuff functioning with my setup. Just a heads up, if your internet router is not UPNP compatible, you're in for one hell of a ride. Swann claims it is still possible to configure without UPNP but I have had zero luck with the port forwarding option. When I called tech-support I was put on hold for 10 minutes, then given the option to leave a message for someone to call me back. I left 2 messages and I didn't receive a call back either time. Finally I called a third time, waited through the annoying automated system for 30 minutes before a kindly Indian gentleman picked up. I asked if he could walk me through the network setup of my new Swann security system and he assured me he could and began asking questions about my cable-modem and router. I gave him the model numbers on both and he told me he would be emailing me instructions on how to configure the system with my specific router as soon as we hung up. It has been 8 hours since I spoke to him and no such instructions have yet arrived at my email box. I even spelled my email address out phonetically for him and double checked that he had it correct. Nothing in the Spam folder either. What a huge disappointment. I will probably get this working at some point, but I will likely have to buy a new router and waste another 9 or 10 hours of my life screwing with it. More proof that in a MADE IN CHINA economy you really do get what you pay for...