In addition to all of the usual security benefits of a camera, we wanted something that would help us to know when someone drives into the yard as the visibility on that side of the house is poor.This turned out to be an outstanding choice, there are a ton of features here for the money.Installation was pretty straightforward & much easier than I would have expected.I did not use the WIFI features as I had a CAT5 cable run near the camera.  I mounted mine on the siding of the garage, right beneath the over-hang, so that is what I will describe here.The camera itself connects to a mount that you screw into the siding with three screws, which they provide.  The mount has excellent tilt/swivel capabilities, so once you have it attached to the wall, you loosen an allen screw and adjust to get the view you are seeking & then tighten it down to lock it in place.There is a cable running out of the back of the camera.  You'll need to drill a 3/4" hole through the siding to get the connector & cable through. The cable is about 2ft long - I didn't recognize it as being any sort of standard cable that you could extend.  Push the cable through into the attic.Inside the attic you screw the cable from the camera into the control box.  They provide a nice waterproof enclosure for this box if you need to mount it outside.You plug your CAT5 cable and/or AC power adapter into the control box in the attic.If your network switch offers POE you can skip the AC adapter.  It wasn't clear to me before I purchased the item if this camera included a POE injector, so to be clear, it does not.  They recommend the NETGEAR ProSAFE 8-Port Fast Ethernet with 4 Port PoE Desktop Switch (FS108P).Once the device is plugged in you need to do the standard IP setups.  I was able to configure the camera just fine by putting a DHCP reservation into the router & then connecting to the camera's IP.  I always appreciate not having to load unnecessary software.The web interface is low on beeps & whistles but very functional & it gets the job done.The quality of the image itself is outstanding, as is the audio recording.  I can easily hear people talking in their "outside voices".I was able to setup the camera to email an alert & a snapshot when it detects motion in certain zones of the camera's vision.  Very, very cool.  I did have to turn off the motion sensor at night due to the bug's attraction to the IR.  I will try turning off IR and putting units elsewhere as another reviewer suggested.I have it streaming in HD to a NAS device, so far after running for about 40 hours I've used about 64GB of storage.The P2P option is also excellent - I did not need to do any config in my router to be able to view the camera on my iPhone.  That is really cool and a little scary all in one - not sure what the security implications of that really are.Overall I can't say enough good things about this camera, I am very pleased!*** Update 1/12/2014 ***Have had this camera up & running for several months now & I don't know what we did before we had it.This week temperatures dropped to -30F with wind chills in the -50F range.  I was curious how the camera would do outdoors & with the control box in an unheated attic.In short: it did awesome.  It was so flawless I never would have known it was cold outside.Prior to buying this camera I considered several models that had defrosting capabilities & I'm pleased to say that so far I'm good without it.I emailed tech support for a firmware upgrade a few weeks ago & they were very responsive & sent me a link to the update.  Install went smoothly & knocked out a few minor flaws with time stamps.Several months into ownership, this is still a 5-star product.