We wanted to use this as a wireless weather web cam in our house. After all the reviews I read I though the D-Link web cam could do the job.  First issue was the wireless connectivity. It would connect, but could not get a good signal. So we ran cat-5 ethernet cable to the other side of the house and set up a completely different wireless network. We first tried it 12 feet away and it was 40% percent we were find with that because the ftp working completely fine. It uploaded an image every 30 seconds.  (My mom was really really happy)Then the webcam stopped uploading after about two weeks. So I reset the camera to factory settings and reduced the upload rate to 60 seconds. It also then showed that the wireless was only at 20 percent. So I moved the wireless access point to 5 feet. It was only 5% percent better. So then I tried direct line of sight and 3 feet away and it only gave the signal strength of 35 percent.So I plugged the camera directly into our ethernet cable and that would solve the wireless issue. The FTP would connect but it would not upload the base file name image. It would not upload the base file named image. But it would upload the test image. Sadly the test image would not to the folder I specified but the parent folder of the image I specified.The FTP problems started after almost a month of work properly. I tried a factory reset, I tried every possible setting combination I could. Five years of web design and development and a little problem with a web cam was not going to stop me...I did a few other times and it did work intermittently but it was never reliable beyond half an hour.I phoned the D-Link customer service and that started a 45 minute call of frustration with a fast talking guy with a strong accent who first tried to tell me my poor wireless signal was because my router was only putting out a signal of 35 percent.  But when I told him all other devices were recording 100% strength when they were as close to the router as the camera was. His reply. "I can not comment on your router unless you have a d-link router"Ya that wasn't going to happen, but it's ok we can use the hard wired ethernet cable.The FTP I knew was going to be a hard question and without going into the exhaustive detail that was that frustrating conversation that went around in circles.Q. Do you have the path set.A. YesQ. Can you connect to the FTPA. YesQ. But the test is not going into the right folder?A.  That is correct.Q. You must have set the wrong path.This went around a couple of times. (Like a script or something)Other QuestionsQ. Are you trying to connect to an external networkA. I am trying to connect to a web server. That is what FTP is used for.Q. Maybe try an internal network.A. Why Provide FTP if I can't connect to an external server.Q. I don't know what to tell you sir, but the camera works all the problems you have must be with your network. The camera we have here works perfectly fine.A. Thanks, I will be returning the product.Q. Don't return the camera it works perfectly fine.~~~~~What's worse then a faulty product is the horrible customer service tell me I am doing everything wrong and it works perfectly fine for him.