Upgraded my Tivo Series 3 (648) DVR using this drive. I previously upgraded this same Tivo from the original Western Digital 250GB drive to a Hitachi Deskstar 1TB drive back in 2009.  When originally purchased this Tivo was capable of storing 32 HD hours, and 300 SD hours. After the first upgrade these figures went up to 144 hours HD, and approxiamtely 1300 hours SD.Fast forward to present, now with only 1% space left, time to delete some of that content or look for other options. After quite a bit of research, 'looked' like I could upgrade to a 2 TB drive.  I say 'looked,' due to lots of conflicting information regarding use of 2 TB drive with this particular Tivo DVR. Not to mention lots of suggestions as to which drive should be used, which is how I found this drive.  I can report a 2 TB drive can most definitely be used with this particular Tivo DVR. One caveat here, check your Tivo software version, have found many a site stating Tivo software version 11.XX or above is needed.  My Tivo has version 11, but perhaps versions under that would work? But without trying have no way of knowing for sure.For software I used WinMFS (note: not MFSLive), available free online. This software runs under a Windows environment. However you'll need a PC with Win XP service pack 2 or higher. WinMe or Win 95 will not work. You will also need a PC which has a SATA controller with at least two available (unused) ports. One port to hook up the current Tivo disk drive, the second to hook up the new drive you are going to copy to. If you only have access to a laptop, you can use a USB to SATA adapter. Though this likely will take longer to copy than the aforemention method. If your laptop has USB III ports, might not be too much difference.The WinMFS software will copy (Mfscopy) the current Tivo drive to the new drive, this will take several hours to complete. This process will also copy any previously recorded material. WinMFS will also resize (Mfsadd) the new drive to take advantage of the extra space. For example in my case I copied almost 1 TB of data to the new disk drive. I then used Mfsadd, to 'expand' this 1 TB image on the new drive, to the drives full 2 TB size.  You can also gain some additional space by setting MfsSuperSize to 'on.'  Various online info suggests keeping MfsSuperSize set to 'off' (default setting). Other sites suggest setting it to 'on.'  In my case I decided to set MfsSuperSize to 'on.'  This gained me an additional 25 hours of HD recording time.Something else I have read,  when Mfscopy is done, it will ask if you wish to resize? A number of sites suggest answering 'no' to that question. Then do it as a separate step using Mfsadd. That is exit out of WinMFS, start it back up, select your new drive, then do the Mfsadd.  I'm not sure if doing it in a separate step is necessary. But exiting out of the program, then back in only took a few seconds. So did it just that way. Right after running Mfsadd, I set MfsSuperSize to 'on.'Another thing to mention about WinMFS, is the command called Mfsinfo. I would suggest using this command before, during, and after you upgrade. Once you select your source drive (part of WinMFS process), you can run Mfsinfo. This will bring up a second window, there you will find stats on your current selected drive. This information can be saved to a text file. Then afterwards you can compare what each step has done for you.  For example as mentioned above run Mfsinfo before upgrading. Then once you have finished with Mfscopy, you can select your new drive, then run Mfsinfo. Once again save yourself a text file. Then again after doing the Mfsadd, and again after the MfsSuperSize. Make sure you change the text file name each time you save, otherwise you will overwrite the previous text file you saved.  The above is not necessary, simply meant as a way of keeping track of what is being accomplished.Also, prior to running Mfscopy, please be very careful when you are selecting a source drive and destination drive. If you make the mistake of making your current Tivo drive the destination drive, and your new blank upgrade drive as the source drive, you will wipe out your original Tivo drive. I've read the WinMFS software will actually prompt you with an error preventing you from doing so. But I would not want to bet my Tivo this is so. As such exercise a good deal of caution here.  Also some caution needs to be exercised when you first boot up Windows (after installing your original Tivo drive and your upgrade drive into your PC). After booting up, some versions of Windows may ask you if you wish to format what it thinks are new drives.  Do not answer yes or no, simply exit out of any such pop up.After completing the above, my Tivo went from 1%  space available to 51% available. Under Tivo's system information, it now shows 318 HD hours and 2777 SD hours (btw, these figures will show up in the Mfsinfo command).Now as far as the Western Digital drive; so far working great! Video quality same as before, that is to say excellent.  Also, very very quiet. The previous Hitachi drive, although would not call it loud, with the cabinet door open during quieter scenes, you could most definitely hear it softly clicking away in the background (at times even with the cabinet door closed). Again, would not describe this as loud, simply noticeable at times. This new Western Digital Drive, even with the TV muted and the cabinet door wide open, I have yet to hear it make a sound.A most definite 5 star drive!