When we first started using this monitor with our newborn i wasnt really sold on it and even looked around for a replacement. But we had spent almost 200$ on it from Babies r us so decided to give it more time. My early complaints were that every time my son moved or a loud car drove through or neighborhood it would activate the VOX and as mentioned in other reviews it has an audible loud click when the video turns on. For a sleep deprived mom with a new born that "click" waking me up out of a dead sleep was unwelcomed. Also the music "on" switch is very easy to accidently hit and since there is no volume control to this music which i find too loud i was always scared to death of accidently hitting it so i nver carried the monitor around with me. The one time i did clip it to my waist to do dishes, i accidently hit the music button so i learned this quick.However, 10 months later, i love this monitor. The battery lasts easy 10 hours. sometimes i forget to plug it in before bed and it will go all night on battery. When my son started rolling over onto his stomach every time i put him down at 2 months old i was typical new mom terrified of him getting stuck on his belly and dying of SIDs (thanks "back is best" campaign.) having the video was piece of mind. Even though it isnt high- def i could actually see his back moving up and down as he breathed. I came to appreciate the "click" when he got older and i wanted to let him cry it out and learn to self soothe but it was REALLY hard to listen to him cry. So id turn the audio all the way down and just listen for a "click" when he was asleep or awake. Now that he likes to talk himself to sleep it is also nice. I saved the best for last- I COULD NOT LIVE WITHOUT THAT STUPID MUSIC PLAYER! my son loves it!! even the monitor is one of his favorite toys because he can listen to music from it player through the speaker and watch the lights. When he is sick or just having difficulty settling down or i just need to buy a few extra minutes with him in his crib in the morning or post-nap all i have to do is "twinkle twinkle him" and he just lays there sucking his thumb and staring up at the light on the camera. so glad i did not replace this before giving it a chance. seeing it for so cheap on amazon it is a must have if you are concidering a video monitor.We had to mount it to the wall out if his reach. Wish it had a wall mount but we made do.Update: 4/8/12 after 13 months of use-Unit has stopped working in a functional way. Started a couple weeks ago with the VOX just staying on all the time. Then the sound would not cut on at the handheld device. Now you turn it on and it just freeze frames randomly. so it looks like my kid is sound asleep but i am hearing thumping noise from upstairs which can only be my son. Turning it on an off unfreezes it but really is now worthless.