When I first received this, I opened the box, saw a bunch of pieces and thought I didn't have time to deal with it...set it aside until today. After all, the only other experiences I've had with DIY security systems were utter nightmares - costly, time consuming, frustration filled days. Forget all of that. This Logitech is exactly what I needed...sets up in mere minutes. Everything was included in the box - no need to run for this or that cable or some odd connection. If I had realized just how simple this would be, I would have installed it weeks ago.Installation consisted of1. Opening the box2. Loading the software3. Plugging in 2 cables4. Setting up the cameraThe software tested the connection to make sure it was properly received by the router and then tested for each of the camers (one inside and one outside). Mounting hardware and all requirements were included.Picture Quality is surprisingly decent both inside and outside of the house. There are ample controls that allow the user to zoom in/out, pan and make other adjustments from the computer. The entire control panel is intuitive and easy to use even for non-technical types. Color saturation is decent and just to provide a bit of perspective, I'm able to see a flying insect that keeps buzzing around the screen.Slight Lag  - as others have mentioned, there is a slight lag but it seems quite minimal. While setting up the camera angles we used walkie talkies and it appeared to be less than a second behind although it may vary by location/use other...I'm really not sure. However, there was a small lag but not incredibly significant.Wires - Yes, there are some wires to this system but far fewer than the other set we have had sitting in the closet for well over a year waiting to install. Comparatively, this is SO simple to set-up! Basically there is a wire that leads to the camera from an outlet but that's it...no need to re-wire the entire house just to put in an extra camera.Features - The features are just right...all the ones I wanted most and none of the ones I didn't. Pan/zoom, night vision, email/remote alerts, live viewing (already have caught my neighbor letting their dog do it's business in our yard TWICE today...and they've been claiming it's not them!), motion detection etc...Durability - Since I"ve just installed this I cannot speak to the issue of durability yet however, both cameras seem well built. The outside unit is not totally sealed against all weather but is properly weatherproofed for outside use.Bottom line - A wonderful solution for the DIY homeowner that needs a bit of extra security when away from home or desires a way to perform live view. Installation is a breeze, nice set of features...I do with the price of the add-on cameras was lower as they seem high especially compared to other systems. I would personally be inclined to purchase more once the durability is tested a bit more and I have the confidence in knowing these will continue to work over the long run. In fact, as a landlord, I would seriously consider installing into vacant rentals for the live viewing and email alert features combined with super easy installation.Overall, highly impressed!