Ok, straight to the point.I use this to monitor my 2 year old while he is in his playroom. And in a few months, we will use it to monitor his new born brother.1. The  day video is superb. Some people complain that the color isn't vibrant. Although it is true that colors in the day do not show up well, this isn't an issue for me because I use this as a baby monitor, not survalliance. I don't need to distinguish colors.2. Night vision is fantastic. This was the most important feature for me because I am anticipating using this to watch our infant sleeping and I am comforted to know that at night I will see him as clear as a bell.3. Others have complained about the sound. I have no issues with the sound quality. I read nearly all the reviews for this product before I bought it. And if you read on, you find that the sensitivity setting on the camera works opposite than assumed...with the higher sensitivity creating lesser sound and vice versa. So I just set it accordingly, and no problems.4. The talk back mode is great and I use it to answer my son while he is in his room. The volume for that function is on the camera. I had it set too high too begin with, so it frightened him. But after adjusted, it isn't my voice of "GOD" booming at him anymore and he than recognized me.5. The music feature works. I don't use it.6. The monitor is very easy to use. You don't even have to read the manual to work it. The picture is clear. We have three cameras hooked up to it and I love that I can view three in quad mode or each individually. I also like that I can recieve sound for all in quad mode. The monitor is light weight and small enough to carry around.7. The temperature gage is wonderful. We live in an older home. Ours sons playroom has a western facing exterior wall and can get quite cool in there. It is nice to be able to confirm the temp. It seems accurate. I haven't brought in another temp gage, but when the temp indicates comfortable tempratures, it feels comfortable in the there.8. It is still winter here, so I can't attest to the range of this unit yet. I will update when we get back to outdoor living. We are on a farm so we are outside a lot. I hope it lives up to my expectations on that.9. It doesn't interfere with our wifi AT ALL that I can tell, which is a plus being we have satellite Internet to begin with and that can be slow sometimes. It was nice that it didn't interfere.Edit:Now that we had a few nice days here before spring disappeared to be replaced by a second winter....Argh...but enough of that. I walked a thousand feet, Atleast, into our field, and even with the camera being on the opposite side of the house from where I was..i could still pick up a signal. Granted, it flipped in and out. But this was just a test to max out the range. The actual reality of our use will be within a 500~700 got range. I was truly impressed that I was able to walk down to our shed ( sits about 500 feet from the house) and not only get great reception, but I could be inside the insulated shed and still receive a clear signal. Ooh happy days! We couldn't even get a sound signal from our Graco audio monitot in there when our son was young. Soooo, I am extremely impressed and very satisfied with the range.