I just received this camera and had it running in 45 min, took me longer for trying to follow the instructions from the box.  For the price it has a great resolution and image looks great.  I gave it a 4 stars because I don't know how reliable it is yet... I will update later after I have it for a while.I originally purchased a Foscam, which is very similar but much more expensive, but the speaker didn't work from the beginning, so then I order a Tenvis and to my surprise the resolution and quality of the video and audio where the same, they also were very stable and never went down. So I returned the Foscam and order this Wansview for over $30 cheaper and they all look about the same.  But I like the instructions and the web interface on this Wansview better then the Tenvis.I use this cameras instead of baby monitors and they work much better,  I paid $160 when my daughter was born for a baby monitor (Summer) that is black and white, and looks creepy at night. For the price this is much better option.  I purchase this cameras to replace them since we moved to a two story home and she started sleeping in her room alone for the first time, she feels more safe and she asks me to watch her while she sleeps, that really helped with the transition of sleeping alone. This cameras turned out to be great, the night view looks very clear, and I can hear very well.  Since I'm able to move it around, I can keep an eye to know what she is doing or when she plays with her cousins, and not have to run up and down the stairs constantly.  Now I know if or who is fighting or if they are just playing or making a mess. I have it set up with my Samsung II using a $4 app called "IP Cam Viewer" and works great. I also set it up to be able to access it from anywhere, this is very nice to have when i'm not home.I was able to set up this Wansview to send alarm pictures to my email address and that works really good too. I do recommend that you use the instructions that are on the CD and NOT to use the instructors that come with the box.Here are some tips:*  Connect the computer with a cable (not wireless) to the same router where you connect the camera.*  When you insert the CD click on the "BSearch_en"*  Open the "Wabsview NCB IP camera user manual"*  When you are in the "BSeries .." screen,  under the "Authentication" make sure that you use the "admin" and the "123456"  then update it.  You will be able to change this credentials later when you get to the web interface, but for this set up, you must use this.Follow the steps on this manual, I was trying to follow the little book and was taking me longer.Hope this helps other buyers or parents.  Let me know if you are having issues and I may help.