I worked with and installed a 16 channel Defender surveillance system last year in my home, so when I started putting this Q-See system together, I found myself comparing what differences and similarities between the two were. They are remarkably similar, with a few key differences.Cameras:The cameras for both the Q-See and the Defender are virtually the same. They are shaped the same, are about the same size, and the plastic weather shield hood over each camera slides forwards and backwards on both brands. Their night time viewing distance looks to be virtually the same. You can mount one of these cameras to your garage and see people walking on sidewalks and driving by in the street in the middle of the night, no light needed. If you happen to have a porch light on, this extends the night time viewing distance even further, providing some light for the cameras to pick up on.Both brands of cameras have color video for the daytime, and grey scale black and white for night. The only difference I've seen with this between the two brands in the Defender cameras work very distinctly in either color or black and white. You can even see the cameras switch into black and white mode when the daylight gets too low. The Q-See on the other hand seems to work in both black and white and color, all at the same time. When testing out the lighting, I was able to get the cameras to focus on dark objects very close up in low light, and the camera started viewing it in the night vision gray scale, while other areas of the room that more more brightly lit, still showed in full color. It was a very interesting effect.While the colors and hues are adjustable on both brands of systems, I think the brightness that comes through on the Q-See system is a bit better. On a dark grey rainy day, the Q-See cameras seem to show everything as bright an sunny, giving you even more clarity. My Defender system tends to see the gloomy rainy days as being the same as dusk, and instead of brightening the view, they instead switch into the grey scale night vision mode.Cables:Both brands of security systems use the same types of cables. It's actually two cables that are seamed together into one, but then split into two again and each end. These cables provide the video signal and also the power to the cameras. So there's no need to run extension cables out to where your cameras are located. These cables provide all the power you need. They are shielded to protect against the weather, and work very well. If you are in need of especially long cables, there are spools of longer cable that can be bought separately. I've seen these cables come as long as 500 feet in length.Software:The software is the biggest difference when comparing the Q-See and the Defender systems. The program to run everything is installed right onto the DVR that comes with the systems. While I found the actual use of the software with the Defender systems a bit easier to navigate, the depth of settings and options with the Q-See software is more extensive. Defender software is more set-up-and-go, while Q-See software is more about picking just the right settings for your needs. I found it took more time to navigate and learn the Q-See software, but I was able to personalize more settings with it as well, over the Defender.Conclusion:The Defender and the Q-See systems both have their strengths. While I like the more user friendly software of the Defender brand systems, I like the brightness in low-light settings of the Q-See cameras a bit more. Both have great viewing during the day, and both do well when working in night vision. But the low light visibility with the Q-See (that time between day and night) is a bit better than with the Defender system. So either system you'll be happy with, since they both work extremely well. But if your looking for the simplest and most user friendly software, you might find the Defender software easier to learn. If you want to have the best video footage possible, for all lighting conditions, this Q-See system is a great choice.