I have been using the Summer Infant Video Monitor (Summer Infant Day and Night Handheld Color Video Monitor with 1.8" Screen - Silver) for the past 4 years.  One set lasted 2 years which I replaced and I have purchased a new set for my 10 month old when he was born. This Summer Infant Video Monitor was probably the best out there prior to these Motorola Video Monitors but still had lots of issues. They had a lot of statics, get interfered easily even when you put a limb near the video unit, and they have very poor range.  We enjoyed them nonetheless being that there were non better out there.When I got my first set of these Motorola Video Monitors, I was blown away! The previous reviews are all correct.  The range is great, no static, all the feature functions work well, and did I say no static and great range?There could be improvements in the button and menu layout but I'm ecstatic with this product coming from what I have been using.  It's like a big leap in technology advancement going from the Summer Infant to these.  I do agree that the video quality is not as good as other monitors but I'm a true believer in living with the downsides of a product if the key areas of the products work well and done right!The one major major draw back that I have recently found out is when I bought my second set to replace the other summer infant video monitor in my other child's room.  I was planning to have both cameras synched to both video/parent units.  That way, I have two handsets that can be used to view either cameras.  NOPE!  Can't do that! Even though the description says that the parent unit is expandable up to 2.You can only synch one camera to each handset/parent unit.  If you want to synch both cameras to one handset/parent unit, the other handset/parent will be useless. This is really disappointing!  I hope the company can update their firmware to handle this in the future if that is even possible.  Maybe, it's just something they had meant to do but couldn't get the functionality working in time for launch or couldn't get it working at all in that configuration.I still intend to keep both my sets to have each camera synch to their respective handsets/parent units.The other issue is that when you have the 2 handsets/parent units sitting next to each other, I have found that one of the units will lose signal.  It seems that one of units is interfering with the other and causing the other one to lose it's signal stream.  I wonder if anyone else have seen this issue.Overall, it's a no brainer if you only need one of these units.  If you need more than one, it really depends if you are willing to live with the issues I've mentioned in the above.  I am trying to figure out if I want to go back to the summer infant for the closer range room and return this second unit or just keep it and live with the issues.  I'll update if I can find other workarounds to make these issues a little easier to deal with.