This camera is for hunters.  Not for taking pictures of wildlife.  The resolution is not on par with your Iphone as one person suggested...but try fitting a picture taken every second , 12 hours a day, for several weeks on your phone.  Several 1 star ratings completely missed the point of this camera let me highlight the upsides....1) Its the only camera I found that will take constant pictures regardless of motion trigger.  There is no motion capture so you get picture coverage as wide as a football field and just as deep.  You will see everything in that view, and things closer up you will get pretty good pics.  The reviewer that was annoyed that you could not tell between a buck and a doe was referring to pics that are a good distance away.  Other motion triggered cams would never even picked it up in the first place.2) Doubles as a security camera.  Can be used as a security cam during the off season.  I have had a decoy stolen so I was just as concerned about capturing thieves and trespassersWith pics at a rate up to 1 a second there is no way you will miss any action.  There is something that makes me feel better when  I have confirmed video that no one has been bothering the hunting site.3) Battery life is incredible!  I have used this camera for two months at a time and it still had 60% battery life.  I am away from the property for weeks at a time so this is a must.  And only 8 AA batteries.  No lugging around one of those ridiculous huge batteries that other cams require.4) Software does work well for detecting movement.  Very simple to use. Without this it would take hours to go through a week of footage.5) Simple to use.  The only thing you need the lcd screen is for setting up the shot.Cons or improvements:1) Camera needs to be set up in a proper location.  I recommend trying a few spots prior to hunting season.  The sunrise or sunset, along with wind blowing leaves can drastically effect the search of the sofware for movement.  You will know what I mean after trying different places.  This can be minimized by good placement. Dont put it in line with the sunrise or sunset.  A better lens  filter, liked a polarized lens might improve it.2) LCD does not preview images except for setting up.  It would have been nice to review the pics while I was hunting.  An android ap with software would be awesome so you could swap the cards and review out in the field.  Without a motion capture ap you would need to sort through a crazy amount of pics.3) No night mode, not good at low light pics.  It is what it is.  I don't care what the deer are doing at night.  This could be a must for people looking for Yeti...4) Price is high at $200+.  But hunting is not something most people do to save money.  I have not seen any other camera that does what this cam does for the same money though....