There are similar products out there, but for the price, this can't be beat.  Read on . . .I bought this to be used as a baby monitor/camera.  The video monitors sold at, say Babies R Us are very expensive for what they are and are limited in function.  Here's what I did:  I bought this camera and mounted it towards the top of a 2x2 by 8 foot piece of wood with the included screws.  I went to the hardware store to get a half-dozen 1/3 inch width heavy-duty zip ties.  I strapped the 2"x2" to the far corner of the crib.  From there, I dropped down the power cord and also the ethernet cable.  Sure, you can use it in wireless mode, but hard-wire is more stable and I've got a network jack in my infant son's room.What you can do with this now is buy a $4 HooToo app for your iPhone/iTouch/iPad and watch your child from any where you have a connection.  It's awesome.  From work, I can just type in a link in to the *included* dyndns compatible URL and view my child from my desk at work  - when he's in the crib.This is not the high-def HooToo edition, but at 640x480, it's adequate.  In fact, you can double click on the screen and the image will expand to full screen.  I found that out by accident.  The image can get a little grainy, but look at the price.  Most of the time, my child is sleeping in his crib in the dark, so the camera switches to infrared mode and you get a well-lit black and white image.Oh, and another thing, this camera has two-way sound.  I can hear my child cry or other wise make noise by clicking on the headphone button in the web interface.  I can also talk back, by pressing the talk button.  I haven't tried that, though, since I always go to my son when he's fussy.  Note, that the audio only works when using Internet Explorer.  There is no audio when using the HooToo app (sold separately via itunes).This camera functioned properly right out of the box.  To date, I've owned it about six months and am pleased.  It does take some network knowledge to set it up properly.  You've got to know your way around your router in order to set up Upnp.  So, bottom line, if you're a tinkerer, this will bring you much joy.  If not, call your friend who knows how to fix your computer and offer pizza and beer.I did have to contact customer support via e-mail when the FAQ on the website couldn't answer my questions.  However, I was pleasantly surprised that a very knowledgeable person responded within 24 hours and will proper English.Some disappointments:  The owner's manual is printed in what must be 2 point font.  I needed a microscope in order to read it.  It was also very badly translated into English.  This camera does not offer secure https login, so be wary of logging in while you are joined to a non-secure network.  Also, this camera will NOT work with 64-bit Internet Explorer - only 32 bit.As for other positives, this can be used for other things besides a baby monitor once your child grows up.  It's got Wi-Fi.  It can be remotely panned and tilted, but no zoom.  The pan and tilt is easy via web browser or the HooToo app.  You can even set presets so that you can aim the camera at a point and then recall those position with a mouse click.Funny brand name, scattered thoughts, but recommeded!