If this product doesn't make you extremely happy, you've got problems.My expectations are far surpassed. I ordered this product on 2-7-14 and received it a few days later. I can confirm this is version 1.1.1 (the newest version;  the version 1.2.1 is oddly the older version). The remote sticks self-center and there is a gimbal control on the back of the remote. This combo comes with two batteries, I recommend 3+ batteries.Assembly was easy, just attach landing gear, propellers, anti-jelly mount and you're ready to go. I highly suggest getting 3 batteries at least because 10-15 min flight time per battery FLIES by. This kit shipped with 2 batteries total, more propellers than i cared to count, the anti-jelly mount, cleaning cloth, and remote. I had very little RC experience (except those little cheesy $20 helicopters) and I got the hang of flying the  phantom within 5 minutes and I am continually get braver and braver. The "Hover" feature (when you let go of the sticks in GPS mode, it'll hover in position) is not as dead-accurate as I hoped, but its still pretty impressive. It'll slowly creep around a little bit in hover mode, but it holds its position fairly well. If you're headed towards a tree, just let go of the sticks and it'll slow down and hover; that saved mine a few times while learning to fly.For those, like myself, who have never flown an aircraft like this before and are not masters of the airplane language of pitch-roll-yaw, the 2 arms with the red stripes have red bright LED lights underneath, the other two have green. The "nose" direction in GPS mode is located between the two red LED arms. In GPS mode (the only mode I've used so far), the left stick is for altitude (up\down) and "spinning\rotating" the phantom (left\right). The right stick is for "banking" (left = banks to left direction relative to the nose, etc). Like I said, best way to learn is to just jump in and fly it, even if its just 10' off the ground. I believe the easiest mode to fly in will be "nose=always away" (on the right joystick, up always makes it fly AWAY from its take-off point, regardless of "nose" direction). I have had a few crashes and many close calls, but I have never managed to flip it or wreck it in GPS mode, even though I tried haha. Its like the phantom has a self preservation urge. This being said, the phantom does not have eyes, so I'll tell you things it doesn't like: Chairs. Trees. Buildings. High speed landings. The side of my truck. Still haven't broken anything though, but I DO recommend the prop guards while learning to fly.My only serious dissatisfaction points are 2 things: 1st complain: I EASILY stripped an allen screw while putting on the prop guards. That was super fun to get out after being stripped....$500 aircraft with cheap screws ha......2nd complaint: Poor instructions.  I'm pretty computer savvy and mechanically skilled, and I had to read the instructions several times, watch online videos on DJI's website, manuals on the website, and STILL had to just jump in and start playing with it before I learned what was going on. I even tried to charge the batteries without result. The batteries have the standard positive and negative leads coming off of it, and also another set of wires\connector. I figured the extra wires\connector were for an accessory port for the battery. I "charged" all three batteries for 1.5 hours each the night I recieved the phantom, but they didn't charge. It wasnt until I Googled the manual for the charger that I realized the "extra" wires on the battery had to ALSO be hooked into the battery in addition to the standard positive\negative leads that come on 99% of everything else in the world haha. I suppose the extra wires tell the charger what king of battery it is\how to charge it.All in all, I am completely satisfied with spending this kind of money on a phantom. I have had no fly-away issues or threats. I would highly recommend one for the fun of flying it, not to mention the footage you can produce from an aerial point of view.