This is a great system with some nice features for the price.  I was able to get the system up and running on two different networks (home and work) without too much effort.  Network viewing might be frustrating if your router is not UPnP enabled and you do not have any experience configuring port forwarding.  The iPhone app has a bug but worked great once I figured out a workaround (see below).I like this system a lot and am already thinking about upgrading to an 8 camera system.DVR + Camera Setup---It took about 5 mins to get the dvr and cameras plugged in and working in my home office.  The DVR interface is intuitive and it did not take long to set up a recording schedule, configure alerts and email notifications, and play back recorded video.Camera quality is decent considering the price of the package.  Don't expect to make out details like faces or license plates beyond 8-10 feet.  Night vieweing is better than expected.  The DVR is very quiet.Viewing Cameras on the Network---***TIP: Swann has instructional setup videos on their website. I recommend watching these before setting up network viewing.After reviewing the Swann videos and installing the NetViewer application provided on the included disc I was able to access the cameras on the local network without any changes to my router.  I was not able to access via Internet Explorer due to Active X permission issues. Since I had access with the NetViewer application I did not spend any time getting the Internet Explorer viewing interface working.On my home network I was also able to view the cameras from the external IP address using the NetViewer application without any router setting changes (UPnP enabled).Setting up the network viewing at my work location was a bit trickier as I had to do port forwarding and assign the DVR a fixed IP on the local network (router was not UPnP enabled).  This would have been frustrating for someone with little or no IT knowledge.iPhone Viewing (Bug Workaround)---I have an iPhone 4 so I installed the free SwannView application from the iTunes app store.  Like other people I was unable to connect and received a "user or password error" when attempting to view cameras.  I knew the IP, password and username were correct because they worked on the NewViewr app from my PC.***BUG Workaround:  After several hours of trying different things I was able to get the SwannView iPhone application to work by only entering the first six characters of the password (I had changed the admin password to a longer, more secure password when setting up the DVR).Accessing Cameras via a Fixed Domain Name (Using Dynamic DNS)---In order to access the cameras remotely using a domain name I set up an account with DynDNS.com.  Setting up the DynDNS account and configuring the DVR to use dynamic DNS took about 10 mins.  DynDNS has a free 14 day trial and there is no charge if you only need a single dynamic IP.  They charge $20/year for up to 31 dynamic IPs if you need more.