First and foremost, this is an excellent DIY system.  Ease of use and programming via the wizard and keychain remote is wonderful!  The growth aspect of this system is a big plus.I elected to install the entry sensors on all doors with provided screws.  I like the tape provided, but I don't trust it from the false alarm perspective.  My alarm is installed in a mountain cabin that experiences BIG temperature changes.The motion sensors require a bit more thought regarding sensitivity and placement.  My cabin has a stem wall underneath and the heating vents are installed in the floor (not the ceiling like many houses or apartments).  If you orient the sensors in the normal upright mode, they look down at a 45 degree angle.  Using the integral test mode, I discovered that they may activate erroneously when the heat comes on in a cold house.  Based on the feedback data provided on the website, I reinstalled the sensors 4' from the floor (to intercept intruders at the waist or chest) and flipped them upside down (so the beam pointed level to 45 degrees up).  That helped appreciably.  I also played with the sensitivity switch located in the battery compartment and set all my sensors to L (low).  They are shipped with the switch set in the midrange position between high and low.  I noticed no real degradation between medium and low except an increased "persistence" in sensitivity, detection range did not seem adversely effected in my house.Regarding monitoring, I had to disable mine as there is no T-Mobile support outside of big metropolitan areas in my state (AZ).  Simply put, I would jump on the monitor option even if it were $20 a month if you could negotiate a deal with carriers like Verizon that actually provide excellent cell phone coverage in rural areas.  Further, when I disable monitoring, I wouldn't have expected to get a "can't connect with dispatcher" prompt on my keyboard unit.  That alerts any visitors that view your keypad that your alarm is not fully functional.Finally, when I use my keychain remote to arm or disarm the system from outside my home, I have no feedback as to whether the command "took".  This drawback is the single reason I gave 4 stars.  This really needs to be fixed.  As an engineer, I would not necessarily change the keychain remote.  Rather, I would add an additional add-on product (like a freeze sensor or a water sensor) that annunciates the state of the alarm system from the base station given the inherent growth of the base module from an I/O perspective.  A simple visual sensor that reflects a command change for two seconds would suffice (and not reflect the current state of the alarm system on a continual basis).  If this sensor could be placed in a window or near a door panel, it would greatly improve the utility of the system and confidence of the user.  Given that such a device is reasonable in price, I would purchase this in a minute.All in all, this system is a great value for the money.  Kudos to the development team.  If I can help evaluate prototypes or beta software in the future, please let me know.