Disclaimer: I did not purchase my Simplisafe system on Amazon, I bought it directly from the Simplisafe website.I'm a long term electronics technician.  While I'm not an alarm installer, I have installed alarm systems in the past.  My current home is large and the layout makes it very difficult to install a wired alarmed system.  I had never tried a wireless system and truly fretted installing a glitchy wireless system which would eat batteries.  I would not consider a wireless alarm system because of preconceived notions and concerns about instabilities.I saw the Simplisafe system advertised so I went to Amazon to read the reviews.  The reviews looked good but some of the negative comments scared me a little.  For example, people said the system is not for a large home.  What does that mean?  What do they consider large?  Would my basement door sensor ever be detected through the tile floor?  Would the system give false alarms during thunderstorms?Well, I decided to give the system a try.  I'm glad I did, it was by far the easiest alarm system I have ever installed.  No wires, just think about where you want the sensor, clean the spot on the trim with alcohol, then peel and stick.All the sensors I purchased with the base station came pre-installed in the system, what a nice touch.  Initially I had a problem where one of the sensors wasn't responding. The system would give a verbal warning that one of the sensor was not responding.  I called Simplisafe and the very polite customer service person advised me to move the base station from behind the TV because of possible interference.  I did, but again the there was a sensor which was not responding.  So I looked up the sensor then traveled around the house looking for it.  It was not to be found.  Then I solved the mystery, I had failed to install one of the sensors (it was still in the box) so it never became active and wasn't detected by the base station.  It was my mistake.The system works flawlessly.  I moved the base station to the third floor and it has no problems detecting the basement sensors.This system even allows the user to put a sensor on a closet, refrigerator, or liquor cabinet so that even when the alarm is off, if anyone opens the door with the sensor, it immediately sends a text to phone number(s) of your choice.  I have a locked closet at with a gun locker in it.  If that door is opened for any reason, the alarm system contacts me via text.  Also when the system is armed or disarmed, I receive a text which tells me who disarmed the system.  The pass code it tied to a name.You can add sensors at any time.  My system has a panic button, door sensors, motion sensor, glass break sensors, smoke and carbon monoxide sensors.  There are approximately 30 sensors in my home and it all works flawlessly.It's a very well designed system and it works very well.  Don't hesitate to give it a try, I wish I hadn't been so fearful of a wireless system and tried it sooner.