I've been looking for a good "IP camera" for a long time now, and this is the first one that I won't be putting in the junk drawer. I've been reading a lot of the reviews and the comments from the company, and I think they are the first people to really "get it".Setup: They say 2 minutes, it took about 5-10 minutes, but who's counting when the competition doesn't even work without reconfiguring your router. The wall mounting took longer than the wifi setup, and even that was still pretty easy.Software: I have both an iPhone 4 and a Samsung Galaxy S2. The iPhone app is really good, the Android app is ... well, it works, but it's a little slow and needs some polish. The Dropcam folks have said that a new native version is coming out in some comments here, and the iPhone app has had a couple of great updates since I installed it, so I'll keep the faith going on Android ... I'm really tired of people who expect it to work on their multi-year old phones though, if you've got some crummy prepaid Android phone from Virgin mobile, blame Virgin not anyone else.Website: The website is really nicely designed, and if anything the mobile apps need to have more of the features that are available on it. Browsing the DVR is much more pleasant, changing settings is easier, and you also use the site to setup your camera in the first place, which is really easy. My only complaint is that I had to upgrade Flash, which is probably OK, I just wish it didn't use Flash at all.Camera: Camera pops out of the base a little too easily, but when I got it all finally positioned on the wall it stayed in place. Night vision works well, though you can see a faint red light from the LEDs. Microphone works OK, a little noisy at first but better when I adjusted the volume. Speaker was a lot louder after adjusting the Flash microphone volume, and now that works well too.Recording: I used to be a big do-it-yourselfer, but now that I'm a "grumpy old man" I prefer to compare the true cost of, say, running my own UNIX server in the basement vs just paying for the dang service. I've been using the trial for a couple of weeks, and the best thing is I don't have to keep anything on but the Dropcam and the wifi to get the recording. Some of the other cameras I've used required software running 24/7 on your PC, which is a non-starter if you have a laptop, and a big hassle to keep running all of the time. I've seen a lot of people complaining about the price ... my advice is don't be so cheap. I don't change my own oil anymore, why would I want to administrate a server?Overall I'm very happy, mostly because of the setup, software and service. It's not everyday that you just breeze through setting up a new and complex device like this. Bravo, 5 stars.