As a retired police detective supervisor of 34 years in a major California Sheriff's Department serving over one (1) million residents, I have had years of experience responding to both business and residential burglaries. I previously owned two homes where I had traditional "hardwire" burglar alarm systems that involved door sensors, carpet sensor pads and motion detectors. These systems,  25 to 30 years ago cost me over $1,200 each and were local alarm (outside bell) systems that were not monitored by a call center.Retired cop friends of mine have installed the SimpliSafe system so I had an opportunity to physically examine operating systems and do the touch and feel test. One of my retired friends travels alot and uses the SimpliSafe monitoring center and a SmartPhone application to receive notifications when his neighbors enter his house to water his plants. He loves it.We chose to not have our system monitored and rely on neighbors to hear the siren. The system we selected involved two motion detectors, six door sensors and a panic alarm along with smoke detector. Burglars may break a double pane window but in my experience they don't exit through the point of entry in a window, but go out a door. So, we wanted to detect motion, movement, exiting and with the close proximity of neighbors knew that the siren would generate a call to the police, scare off a theif and protect our belongings.We received a discount on our system due to our friends recommendations and they recieved a free months monitoring from SimplySafe, so look for discounts from friends you know and ask the Simplisafe representative for them.We installed the system in less than two hours, and it has worked perfectly, no different from the old systems I had previously installed on my old homes and the components offer five year litihium battery life, and an easy system check. A plus for the wife is that she can use the key chain remote and not utilize the entry key pad. Our neighbor is eager to check our home now since we supplied her with a key chain remote as well.$400 bucks as compared to $1,200 in 1980 dollars or a contract alarm company that requires an initial installation fee and multi-year contract. Who would you select? You do the math! When you give consideration to just the equipment that comprises an alarm system, could it be said that the stuff the commercial companies want to sell you in a three year contract as advertised on TV is better than the stuff that SimpliSafe sells? I think it's pretty much the same stuff. So, if it makes you comfortable paying more because you think you are getting something more then don't do Simplisafe.Next big advantage to SimpliSafe: You own it! It's portable, you can move it from house to house, apartment to apartment by yourself and you don't need a service call or to pay extra to a technician to move it. How cool is that? If you have a college aged daughter who has moved out to her first apartment, buy her a system and get some peace of mind!Also interesting, was the quality feedback and follow-up response by the folks at SimpliSafe. They have customer service down, are based in New Jersey, not some call center in a foreign country. You will enjoy working with these folks.Don't be initimidated by something you don't know. The instructions that come with the delivered system are more complete and informative that what is offered on the SimplSafe website as they should be and you will easily be able to install this system.This is a great value for the price, will give you peace of mind and you will love the interior panic button features that you can purchase to place adjacent to your front door, night stand and in the bathroom of elderly folks who live with you. You will also love the feature that enables you to alarm interior portions of your home to detect intrusion while you are sleeping.Remember to check with your local law enforcement agency regarding alarm ordinances, permits, restrictions and all that when selecting any alarm.And, let's be honest here regarding police capability. I don't know of any police agency that can provide instantaneous police responses to even the most critical emergency.  Having been the Commander of a 9-1-1 Dispatch Call Center I have seen all the issues with answering 9-1-1 calls, getting information, formulating and typing a call up, sending it to a dispatcher, getting the call sent, locating the nearest police car to the call and all the variables associated with traffic jams, weather, confusion in the call and all that. We need to do everything we possible can to enhance our safety and "tip the scales" in our favor. A good burglar alarm is simply another tool in your tool box of safety items to prevent victimization of you and your loved ones.Stay safe!