There are way too many options available now for IP cameras.  So many manufacturers (Foscam, Belkin, D-Link, Q-See), and so many models  with overlapping features (pan/tilt/zoom, e-mail notification when there is motion detected, night vision, and so on), make it hard to shop for the right camera.I've had a chance to review several cameras lately and, in general, my biggest complaint has been that some are too troublesome to access (typically through a website or a dedicated mobile app).  I must say that the D-Link stands above most of the cameras I've tried (though I still prefer the less expensive Foscam FI8910W.  Here's what I've found with the D-Link:The good:1) Setup was straightforward.  Because I already own the D-Link Wireless AC 1200 Mbps Home Cloud App-Enabled Dual-Band Gigabit Router (DIR-850L), all I had to do was connect the camera to the router using the supplied ethernet cable, and log in to my "mydlink" account online.  That took care of all the necessary configuration.  After that, I was able to ditch the ethernet cable in favor of using wifi.2) The iOS "mydlink" app works fine.  With the app, I am able to control the pan/tilt/zoom of the camera, take pictures, and adjust settings.  The same app also allows me to configure my D-Link router (D-Link really seems to be pushing the idea of building up a "family" of network products that all work seamlessly together).3) The connection to the camera seems very reliable.  Unlike some of the other cameras I've tried (I'm looking at you, Belkin and Q-See), this one consistently connected with the app, without ever needing to be reset.4) The sound and picture quality is decent.  I don't know how the resolution compares to other cameras I've tried, but I have no complaints about this.5) For fans of tinkering: You can log in to the camera directly, giving you a lot more access to "hidden" features you won't find on the simple app (Dynamic DNS, image setup, ftp and mail server options, video compression options, and more).  So, if you enjoy fine tuning your hardware, D-Link makes it pretty easy to do.  Just enter your camera's LAN IP address, and log in with your administrator username and password.6) You can use third-party apps to monitor your camera (for example, the LiveCams Pro app for iOS).  This takes a little extra setup (including figuring out how to do some port forwarding with your router).  But, if you want to ditch the D-Link apps and website for using the camera, it's quite possible.  I've tried it and it works.The bad:1) Java!  The mydlink website relies on Java to broadcast the video from your camera.  The problem is, Java can often be a very frustrating way to use the web.  In fact, on my MacBook Air, I consistently get Java errors that prevent me from viewing the camera online (this includes using the Chrome, Firefox, and Safari browsers).  (By contrast, it seems to work fine on my PC, probably due to a different Java version.)  I also believe I can get this fixed with some tinkering (uninstalling one version of Java and then installing an older version).  However, all this could be avoided if D-Link would choose a different way to implement the web-based video broadcasting.  Note that this is NOT a problem with the iOS app.  I also can access the camera from a browser by skipping "mydlink" and entering my camera's IP address instead.  However, it should not be this difficult.Since there are so many other options for viewing the camera, I can work around the Mac/Java problem.  Aside from that, this seems to be a solid web camera.