We purchased this baby monitor 2.5 years ago after researching many different monitors.  For the price, we have been very happy.  Here are some of the pros and cons from our experience.Pros:* The price.  For a video baby monitor, this asking price is pretty good.* Durability. We have carried the monitor around all over the house and put it through its paces.  So far, after 2.5 years, the monitor has held up and continues to work.  The camera itself has taken a few falls off the top of a dresser onto carpeted floor without any issues.* Range.  We have been able to receive a link signal to the camera from everywhere without our house (3200 sq ft).  This was pleasant surprise for me.  It includes having the camera in an upstairs bedroom and the monitor in a finished basement.  Still works great.* Vox.  The vox mode worked pretty well for us.  It was not too sensitive for needs most of the time.  Occasionally the fan would trigger the vox in the right conditions, but this is not a problem 90% of the time.* Volume. The monitor can be turned up very loud.  It's great for if you want to leave it in a room and do some other stuff in another room and still hear it.  We normally have it at just 1/4 volume, and it's great.Cons:* Video quality.  I'm not sure if this is due to the screen or the camera, but the colors are very washed out.  For the price, I didn't expect much as far as video quality goes.  It still gets the job done to get a quick peek at your child while you are out of the room.* Battery life.  The battery has degraded over the last couple of years and does not last very long now.  We have not yet looked into buying a replacement battery, so unfortunately, I can not comment on what that would cost.  This hasn't been a big deal for us as usually the monitor stays plugged in by our bed.* Night light feature bug.  There seems to be a bug with the system where every once in a while, the stars that light up on the camera will turn on without you pressing the button on the monitor.  They are not terribly bright, so it's not a big deal, but it could be an issue for some people.  Perhaps its interference from other wireless signals or something.  We haven't been able to pinpoint the problem.* Wireless interference.  We initially hit some bad interference with our wireless internet router in our house with this monitor.  After some channel switching, I was able to resolve the issue, but it was a pain for a while.  If you have a 2.4GHz wireless router, be aware that you may have some issue with wireless speed while the monitor is active.Overall, I would say that we are happy with this purchase.  I'm giving the monitor 4 stars due to just a few issues and it not being perfect.  I would definitely buy this monitor again!