The Lorex Wireless Video Home Monitor with TWO cameras is without a doubt THE BEST video monitor system I've ever had. Unequivocally. And we've had several - most of which were terrible. This is the first Lorex product I've ever had and I was SO happy to see how much better of a product it was than the others i've owned, in almost every way.The video quality is vastly superior to my previous systems - i can ACTUALLY SEE my baby's EYES in the dark! I've never been able to do that with other systems! The audio quality is great as well, both with picking up audio AND with broadcasting audio out of the camera. When i would talk through our old camera it TERRIFIED my kids because of how garbled my voice sounded, but the Lorex camera make my voice much more true-to-life. Additionally, the cameras and handheld viewing device are so sleek and cool looking, not clunky and obvious like my previous systems, that my kids often mistake it for my phone.One of the cameras in this set has the ability to pan left to right and up and down - let me tell you this feature is AWESOME. SUPERB! How did we ever live without it?? Especially when checking in on a room with a sleeping 5 and 2 year old, it's so cool to be able to scan the room and see BOTH kids!Now, after all that glowing talk of the Lorex system, I DO have some minor complaints, they are all about the design, though, not the performance. Which again, is a HUGE step up from all previous monitoring systems I've used.1) The camera that pans does not go DOWN very much. It tilts UP a WHOLE LOT... but down? Nope. Generally when you're using a monitor camera you have to mount it UP HIGH on the wall... which means you need it to be able to look down low. We've had a lot of trouble getting ours mounted just right so that we can see the lower parts of the room that this camera is in.2) It's difficult to get the viewing device back in the charger. It might not seem like a big deal, but at 2am it's NOT fun to be fumbling around in the dark, cursing and waking up your partner, and eventually turning on a light just to get the stupid thing plugged back in.3) The lowest setting for brightness is SO BRIGHT! This has been an issue with EVERY video monitor I've ever owned. PLEASE, SOMEONE TEST THESE THINGS IN THE DARK before you send them out on the market! When you're trying to look at the monitor in the dark after having been asleep for a few hours the screen on this thing is tortuously bright!4) The buttons. Oh, lordy the buttons. Again, please test these things IN THE DARK before you sell them, guys!! There are SO MANY buttons on the viewing device and NOT A ONE OF THEM is discernible in the dark. You simply have to MEMORIZE what buttons are where. Heaven forbid you accidentally hit the PLAY MUSIC button when you're simply trying to switch cameras! AHH! Disaster! Also, many of the buttons are on the SIDES of the device which makes it difficult to hold without bumping one, and even more difficult to get it back in the charger without hitting one.Needless to say, the performance of this system is TOP NOTCH. But the design (mostly of the viewing device) needs quite a bit more work. But overall, it's still the best system we've owned and will probably be the LAST one we ever own. It's excellent!