I seriously considered going with a 7 mp cam and spending twice as much, but I am very glad I didn't. An LCD screen would be nice, but not worth the $$ to me. And another thing to break, freeze, etc.I have the camera set on the highest sensitivity setting.As a test, I set this up in my back yard, hoping to get pics of my dog running around in our fence. I got some of him, but it also picked up my neighbor walking along the other side of the fence, and separately picked up his medium sized dog, both of which were 50 feet from the camera. I was pleasantly surprised!When I set the cam up in the woods, I put out corn piles a few feet away and about 15-20 feet away. When I first started going through the pics, I was disappointed because the pics looked empty, which is why some people say not to use the highest setting. When I looked closer, there was something moving in every pic. The camera picked up a red squirrel coming down the tree and at the far corn pile, 15+ feet away! It even picked up that little bugger in complete darkness with the flash (the glowing squirrel eyes were pretty funny). I also got pics of a blue jay at my corn and some crows.After a couple days, the deer found the corn and I got a ton of deer pics after that, along with more squirrel and bird pics. The pics are very clear. I don't know why you would need 7 mp pics. I was hoping for about 50 pics after the first four days. My first set was 510 pics(!), with about 2/3 being squirrel/birds and the last 1/3 being mostly deer.In my setup along a trail in the woods with a semi-clearing, I do not have an angle to test how far away you would get good pics in a field with the flash, so I cannot speak to that. I also have not tried the video, but I will update this if I do. But for an entry level cam (it was $77 when I got it), I am very impressed with this cam.It is not completely silent, but very close and it has not spooked the deer. You will not hear it unless you are within a couple feet and the deer sometimes look at it, but don't leave (when they are really close). It also glows very slightly if you are close to it and look at it, so it may not work as a security cam (unless well hidden or out of reach).It takes 4 D batteries. After two weeks in the woods, with temps in the 30s at night and 1300+ pics taken, the battery indicator still says 99% (which is the max).Get a big SDHC card. The ad says it will only take 8 GB. I am using 16 GB and it works great. If you are putting this out somewhere remote, get two cards, so you can swap them out and view the pics at home (unless you can pull them into your computer or phone). I got the 16 GB, which will hold thousands of pics. Not that you need all that, but better to get too many pics than blanks. I suggest using the 3 shot burst. When something moving goes by, I find the first shot or last may be empty, but one of the three gets the culprit (if not all three).UPDATE:Last year was brutal in MN. Most of deer season was 5-10 degrees for a high, with lows below zero. This camera worked great for a second year. I do not get blank shots. If I look close, there is always some movement (animal or bird eating my corn). I do not get phantom shots of trees or bushes moving.I moved it to a new, more open spot. I get day and night pics 40-50 feet away. After deer season, I dumped the last of my corn all over the cut out area, to see which deer made it through the season. After about five days, I had 2,340 pics. All the deer I was getting pics of pre-season were still there. They patterned us! That week, it snowed and was an average of about 5 degrees for a high, and the camera kept right on taking all week, both night and day. I am buying another one to expand my coverage.