I was looking at several security cameras and systems - I actually found several that can hook to your PC via web browser and piggyback on your home wifi for connectivity.  I had to return them all.  They all did not work with the latest wifi "n" and that means you have to back down your wifi to b and g band only, and then the connectivity on 3 different models were not very dependable (even in the same room as the router!).So I continue to look on line and decided to give this one a try via Amazon - and would return if it didn't work (which I expected it not to - like the others I have tired.)Well it is by far the best system I could imagine - and worked out of the box (including 2 extra cameras) 1000% better than what I even hoped!1.) I love having the 7inch touch screen that is portable - very nice to take with you rather than being tethered to a PC in our kitchen or one of the other PC's in the house as the other cameras that I had were somewhat limited and did not have a portable monitor.2.) Having its own dedicated 2.4ghz wireless built into the monitor - AKA it's own wireless all-in-one system.  Meant that I didn't have to try and tweak my current system of 1 main station and 3 repeaters to make the cameras work.3.) Range is good - we have a 7500 sqft house in which the monitor is primarily at the center of the house in our kitchen work area.  While the range is not 500 foot, it is most likely around 200 if you have a few walls in between.4.) You turn it on, it took 3 minutes to pair the other 2 cameras I bought with the included 2.  This system is up and running in 10 minutes or less - it will take you longer to unpack than to get up and running.5.) I spent 2 more hours setting the cameras up outside at the 4 entries to our residence and it works great as a remote viewing station to see who is at our doors, UPS drop off area by our garage, pool area, etc.  very easy to install on the mounts and 4 screws and were ready to go.  You will have to have power plugs relatively close to the cameras to get power.6.) The clarity is awesome - very clear at day and remarkably clear at night.  I would give it (compared to the others I tested - when they worked) a 8/10.  It is on par with cameras that I tested in the 300 each range - but for much less!  The night vision on these are better than any I have seen and good range of 30 - 40 foot night time visibility.7.) I am please with the handheld unit and the functionality of it, pretty easy to use and configure different settings.If you are looking for a great system with all the needed functions of a very good security system - snag the uniden advance wireless (7 or 4 inch) both are the same product with just a smaller monitor on the G455 unit.  You will be please with your purchase - as I know I am!