Absolutely a sound product and very good bang for the bucks delivered with this camera. I purchased and received three of them and the quality and features are astonishing. The cameras pan, tilt, zoom and rotate with the click of the mouse and can be viewed and controlled over Local LAN and by internet access.The set up was fairly simple, although it took me 45 minutes to an hour to read over the manual (included on the CD) and the quick installation guide and to finally set the first camera up. I was up and running by LAN and wireless with all three cameras in less than two hours.For the set up:Read over the manual and quick installation guide prior to attempt the set up or else you might get discourage/lost. Once you get an overview and a baseline for the set up:1. Connect an Ethernet cable from your router straight to the camera, plug the power cord to the camera and lunch the camera finder application (program is on the CD provided), from there you can adjust the settings to match those of your own LAN. The wireless set up must be done within the web interface of the camera (see below)2. A different way to achieve the same can be done by accessing the Web Interface of the camera by lunching a browser and pointing it to the internal camera IP Address (the default IP Address for the cameras is on a sticker on the camera itself and also on the the quick installation guide) - once the browser connects to the camera it will ask for user name (admin) and password (123456), from there you may make changes to the camera as far as; IP Address, Gateway, DNS, Subnet, Port, Wireless Access (you'd need to have your WAP Key available), you can change password, set up DNS services, FTP, Alarms, emails, etc, etc3. Ensure all the new changes match your own LAN set up and remember the IP Addresses you gave each camera (Turn of DHCP on the cameras web interface to ensure cameras always get the same IP address from your router)as well as the port assigned to each (you'd need that to gain access to the cameras by LAN or WAN/Internet).4. Also, ensure your router is set for Wireless G and not N (cameras only work with G), if you happen to have MAC Filter on the router, disable it for the set up (you may enable it after the set up) or else your cameras will not have access to an IP address from the router.5. Go to the router Port Forwarding section and ensure the ports assigned to each camera and the IP Addresses assigned to each match your inputs on the port forwarding section (without port forwarding set up correctly, cameras can't be viewed outside the LAN and over the internet)6. Go and find a computer outside your LAN and test the internet viewing access; input your ISP provided IP Address (get that from your router administration page or just Google "what is my ip") follow by the port (port forwarding must be set up within your router for this to work properly - read below) assigned to the cameras. For instance, if your ISP provided IP is "123.45.67.89" and the port you assigned to the camera is "1510", then input the following on the browser: "[...]", if everything is set up correctly you'd get a pop up asking for username and password. Enter the info requested and bang, you are now watching your premises from the distance and over the internet.7. I must advise that the installation, although not difficult can be a challenge if there isn't any "basic" networking skills available. Read the manual, read, the manual, read the manual and the quick installation guide over and over and prior to start the set up or making any changes to the default values.EDIT: For those folks that don't know how to turn off the "green idiot light," please; lunch the cameras web interface and navigate to the "Advance Tab" from there the light may be turn on or off.EDIT: The Advanced Tab is viewable once you are logged in the Cameras Web Interface (type the IP of the camera, enter user name and password and you should see it) once you see the tab, click on "other settings" - the choice to turn the light on or off is the first selection given.I use FF as browser, but am sure is the same for IE.UPDATE: FYI, two out of three of the cameras purchased were installed outside of my premises (backyard and front yard), up to date, they have performed flawlessly. I have found a cheap solution to shield them from the weather elements (go to the dollar store and buy the cheapest plastic "dust pan" you can find; cut off the handle and use it as "top cover" for the cameras installed outside. I used screws to install the dust pans (installed outside down/flipped) so they would serve as cover and protect the cameras from rain, sun, snow, etc.Cheap and reliable (so far) way to protect your cameras.Good luck and enjoy the product!