Whoa update you should know about. If you make your camera's available via the web domain people can browse the files on your computer! I haven't called Swann support yet to figure out WTF this is all about but I added a camera to the side of our house with a neighbor and found that they could browse any files on any of my hard drives by using the "Browse" button under "configuration".It would be great to hand out limited access to guests for say one camera, unfortunately I see nothing that stops them from accessing my local hard drives.==========The night vision when it is totally dark out is not that great on a large screen. I called support and they recommended plugging directly into the wall (not a power strip) and that helped a little. The resolution just pixelates way too much the larger you go. I've been viewing these mostly on a small monitor so I didnt notice this before. You can still make out what you are looking at, but to serve as evidence to get someone's face not gonna happen. Some of this is relative to the distance the camera's point of view. I have them covering my whole backyard, side of the house and front yard. If it was a smaller area the night vision would work better. But even in a large dark room you still get the same problem.I have a 3g android and it's not enough network bandwidth to run the camera's on the swann plus app. If I have it connected to a wifi source (namely my network at home) it works great. That is why I think it's a bandwidth issue.Everything else is working nicely.PSSince this system is expandable for up to 4 more camera's (8 in total) you could always pick up some higher resolution camera's for the areas you feel need it.---------update: Now that I've had the camera's out for a few weeks now I've noticed that on one camera the night vision gets pretty pixelated, It's still usable, but degraded. Night vision is black and white and looked great until a few days ago. The day time image is still fine though. It is getting cold here again and we might be getting snow. I'm not sure the cold would be doing this. However when I was screwing the camera up underneath the eves of the house I did squish the wire as it popped out of the groove it's supposed to be in. So make sure when you are installing the camera that the cord is in the groove before tightening it up all the way.This was not the case when I tested them indoors. Only outside, so maybe they dont do so well outside. I'll update if anything else changes. I'll call support soon to see if there is an adjustment I can make to fix this, but I doubt it.Also noteworthy is the fact that the screws that came with the camera were too large as if the holes on the camera platform were not big enough or drilled out to the proper size. I used a different screw that was galvanized as the ones they gave dont look to be.I used an extra long phillips head like 8" long with my cordless drill to get the screws in without the camera impeding my ability to screw the platform in.-------------------------If you are like me and looking for the best system for the least amount of money you've found it here. I highly recommend this system to everyone looking at this level. You really get more than just bang for your buck.How often do you get quality items that meet or exceed expectations anymore?You know how you shop and read reviews to try to protect yourself, but until you get the thing in the mail and test it out you never know what will happen?That was me until today when I opened up this package and tested it out, then called support for details I needed to get it working. And you probably will too. It was about a 15 minute wait, but well worth it.I am a techy, I worked a software company for 8 years. All my friends and neighbors have me hooking up their wifi, wireless networks, etc. and I still had to call support for a few vital pieces of information.Number one thing is, this is a brand new system, even support acknowledged this, yet the software and firmware are solid. Amazing. Can't express how good and knowledgeable this tech support is and how solid this system seems to be so far. Both times I got cute oriental girls, but not with bad accents or anything. Again, amazing support.They offered to remote into my computer and just do it for me, but once we got through a couple of questions it was all done so no need.***(vital pieces of info were the ports for port forwarding. I am not adding them here for security reasons. If you are a techy, before they offer to remote pc, try asking for the ports first.)If you pass this one by you would be doing a great dis-service to yourself.However, this is made in China. Something to keep in mind when buying these days. Couldn't find an American made product with this value and I am still glad for my families safety that I bought it.