The Philips Wireless Home Monitor is discreet and easy to set-up, but needs more recording options.The camera itself is quite small and simple looking.  It's about the size of a lipstick case, or a Wiimote that was shortened by about two inches.  It's very unassuming looking and is easy to hide if need be.  There is a mini USB power input on the back, while the camera lens, microphone, and an indicator light (which can be disabled) are on the front.  Included with the Philips is a nicely designed magnet base that allows you to easily swivel and tilt the camera along with a wall / ceiling mounting bracket.  Also included is the wall electrical outlet USB adaptor that inserts flush with the back of the camera (the camera consumes 3 watts of electricity).  The camera is very nicely made and feels solid in the hand.Setting up and using the camera couldn't be easier.  You simply download the free app from the iTunes app store and the onscreen prompts will guide you through set-up.  You don't even have to enter your Wi-Fi network information, as the app creates a Q-code that you "show" the camera to transfer network information.  The Philips connected to my AirPort Extreme base station that uses WPA 2 security in a few seconds.The camera app itself is fairly simple and presents a list of the camera(s) you have on the network when you open it.  From there you can choose the camera to watch a live feed.  As long as light levels are moderate in the room (at least a 60 watt lamp) the picture will be bright and clear.  As light levels drop the picture becomes grainy and murky, and forget about shooting in low light or the dark, as this is not a night vision camera.  Additionally, you'll want to make sure you don't point the camera toward a part of the room with a strong light source, like an open window, as the interior of the room will become too dark to see properly.  Resolution is nothing special, and is similar to an early VGA phone camera, but you can make out objects easily.  Sounds quality is high and picks up everything from faint sounds to a dog barking.  The field of view is not very wide and cannot show the whole room at once.  Whether streaming over my local Wi-Fi network, a Wi-Fi network not at home, or AT&T;'s 3G network, the feed was smooth and hiccup free.  I used to camera to check up on my dogs and watch my slow cooker when I wasn't home.  The biggest letdown of the software is the fact that it sometimes quits randomly and is very slow in operation.  Choosing an option results in a delay of a couple of seconds.You can set-up alerts to be sent to your phone when there is movement and / or sound detected.  The app allows you to change the sensitivity level that will prompt an alert.  Additionally it is supposed to record a 30 second clip to YouTube once sound and/or movement is detected, but it's not functioning currently (see below).09/03/2012 Update:  As of now Philips has enabled web-viewing.  It's very basic, but it works.  YouTube recording is being cancelled and will be replaced with DropBox recording, but that is not live yet.09/24/2012 Update: Instead of YouTube, Philips worked out a partnership with Dropbox, and that's now where your clips and photos get recorded.  You simply have to set-up a free Dropbox account and then it will create a folder for the Philips where the video clips and images will be stored.  Overall, it works well, and I prefer storing the videos on Dropbox verses YouTube.All in all...a great camera with frustrating software.