I ordered and installed SimpliSafe a few weeks ago, after a few months of reading reviews/recommendations.  The system was easy to install and set up.  I do recommend screwing in the keypad controller due to its weight (mine fell of the wall about 1/2 after being put on with the 3m tape).  The extra siren is screwed on as well, and makes a big difference in how loud the alarm is.  I ordered additional entry sensors as well, and everything installed and set up as instructed (easily).So far, the system has been working well. I have the $24.99/month service so I can get text alerts when its armed, disarmed, set off, or any error.  Its nice with kids, to know who has entered (based on their own private code).  In addition, with the full service, you can identify (by nickname) all of your sensors which is a great feature.  This way I know which sensor was set off.  The iphone application works great as well, allowing me to arm and disarm the system from anywhere.The only issues I have had with the system so far were: 1) My extra siren had to be synchronized to the system a couple times as it didn't go off when the alarm was tested/triggered. Its a very easy process to resync it (just press the button in the back and hold it while pressing the "off" button on either the keypad or keychain several times).  I had to resync it 2-3 times but now it seems to be working fine (although you never really know until the alarm is triggered). 2) A couple times, my keypad has said "keypad out of range", yet my keypad is in the same room as my base station (and our house is very small at 1,300 SF).  Not sure what caused it, but it only happened a few times and then went back in range (might be the placement of the base station). 3) the double A batteries included in the keypad and extra siren needed to be replaced within a couple weeks.  This wasn't really a big deal as it could have been sitting in the warehouse for months.Customer service was very friendly and helpful. For some reason, mine shipped without the yard sign. I called and they apologized and sent one out immediately.  They offered to send it next day as well, but I told them to save the money (not necessary).  Well it did come in 1-2 days anyway.The most difficult thing to determine, is whether or not you are being monitored correctly.  Our alarm went off a couple times (our fault), but we cancelled it quickly.  We never got a call from the monitoring service, but have read that they will not if you cancel it quickly with your code.  There is no reason to question whether or not it is being monitored correctly, but I do wonder, only because we have never tested the call center.  Might be worth it one of these days.Overall, I am very happy with the system.  I ordered it directly through SimpliSafe and it was less expensive than through Amazon.  In addition, I received a 10% discount by using the "Rush" coupon code.  It is a very affordable system that you can take with you if you ever leave, it installs easily, and I really like the features you have with it, if you sign up for the $25/month monitoring service.