Logitech Alert 750E and 700E security systemThe Logitech Alert Commander software was easy to install on my PC, however, the hardware portion was a bit overwhelming and confusing at first. It runs on a Powerline network that eventually connects to your home LAN. While you could follow the instructions, a beginner/novice to computers may want to seek the assistance of someone more knowledgeable in PCs.The actual network connection is fairly slow. It takes awhile to update the Powerline firmware and Camera firmware. However, once that is out of the way the interface is actually quite easy to use. The camera quality is exceptional, and the motion sensing technology is very customizable. You can adjust the sensitivity to prevent leaves and small animals from setting off the camera, and you can draw your own motion sensing zones so as to avoid trees or other objects that frequently move.The videos are stored in MPEG-4 compression, which one can open and view via DivX codec equipped PCs or Macs. It does not continuously record, but instead only records when motion is detected. The audio recording is acceptable (better than nothing) and the cameras do not have motor control, they are fixed. The night vision seems to be active infrared which produces a monochrome image with a shallow field of view. It's not bad, but it's not great either. The indoor camera does not have night vision capability.The installation of the outdoor camera can be a hassle as you need to route the wire through the wall and into an adapter that plugs into an outlet. You cannot connect the adapters into surge suppressors or back-up UPS due to the powerline networking, which makes the Logitech Alert useless during a power outage unless you have the entire house wired to a backup generator.The Logitech Alert app for my Android smartphone (Motorola Droid 2) is very neat. I confirmed that it can provide real-time access to your feeds via the 3G network with some minor lag. However, the Logitech Alert app appears to have been designed for the iPhone or Android phones without hardware keyboards since I slid my keyboard out and the screen remained in the portrait mode.Overall: 3/5 stars, relatively simple to install, offers robust features for the average user, offers flexible on-board data storage options via micro-SD cards, can be accessed via a Smartphone!UPDATE: 2011-3-25I have experienced severe water intrusion with the outdoor camera. After using it for about a week, it has rained and snowed several days and caused the lens to fog up. I removed it for inspection and it was full of water. Apparently the rear gaskets aren't sufficient to prevent water from seeping in via the ethernet cord or the rear housing. Upon removal, I have noticed one of the screws not even being secured with a waterproof gasket/washer! The good news is that the camera functioned fine even with the water inside. The bad news is that it seems very difficult to dry out the lens area.There have also been server issues causing difficulties accessing the camera via my Droid2 smartphone.UPDATE: 2011-4-19After disassembling the outdoor camera in March, I set the camera above my fireplace to help accelerate the drying process. Once it was all cleared up, I used extra duct tape and electrical tape to seal up the potential water intrusion sites on the casing. After re-installing it, it has been operating without problems for almost a month even with severe winds, snow, and heavy rain.I found it frustrating to download/manage the video files stored on the mini-SD cards in the cameras. I don't see any easy way of doing this besides going into the review function of the Commander software and waiting for the files to download in random order. The files are stored as indiscriminate file names rather than a more sensible approach like YYYY-MM-DD, TIME, and CAMERA NAME.UPDATE: 2011-12-8After sporadic functionality of the outdoor camera, it is now longer functional. The water intrusion seems to have been resolved with copious amounts of electrical tape, the SD card is no longer recognized and the camera no longer records. Sometimes I can't even view the live feed with Logitech Commander. Overall, the quality of the outdoor camera is not very good especially at the price.New overall rating: 2/5 stars