Ordered this on a whim because if something takes good pictures or has the potential for interesting movie making, I am interested.  Almost cancelled it wondering "what did I need to time lapse?", and glad I didn't.  I should also clarify that I bought this on a lightning deal that was less than the 299$ price it's currently at (Oct 2013), and I feel the 299$ is too much, but the 219$ or so that I paid was just fine.For me the biggest conveniences of this unit are that it takes regular AA batteries and they last FOREVER. I've probably recorded 5-6 days worth of captures and batteries were only 1/2 dead.  The other awesome thing is unlike a GoPro or other non-purpose-built units, the time lapse in this unit is automatic.  When you pull out the SDcard your movie is on it.  That is awesome to me.  No more animation shop or imovie creations - just slap it in and watch your movie.  It still produces a file that is easily edited in most common editors too - bonus.I also like that it has a tripod mount on the bottom as well as a big rubber pad. So far I have just let it sit around under its own weight on the pad, but the tripod will come in handy if I ever wanted to use this in a car or something (I have RAM mounts in my duty vehicle for example).On the down side, the menuing system is a little old school and I wish the display was touchscreen and a little faster. But really the settings you need are mostly there.  Yes you do get bumped out to the main screen once you "set" a change, annoying.  But you can adjust the frame rate (for playback encoding), the capture rate/interval, set a timer for capture period (days hours minutes) and even tweak the scene for stars, daylight, etc.At the end of it all , you get some ok "instant time lapse video" that you wouldn't have otherwise gotten. I've sort of discovered a whole new realm of photography that I have only dabbled in before, but thanks to Brinno I am now going to be sticking some neat time lapses into some of my home movie cut scenes.removed a star for the annoying screen/menu issues, but if I could add anything to this product it would be:+ let me interface with it from my phone, use low energy bluetooth and at least let me check if it's still recording or warn me if batteries are low.+ lose the annoying screen, and cheesy menus that bump you out to 'confirm' the change, you're charging 300$ for this thing it should excel compared to my 150$ gopro and it doesn't on menus.If you have bought this unit after Sept 2013, make sure you check for new firmware and update it.  It will add the timer mode and make it a little bit faster (not much).Hope you enjoyed this snapshot of my experience and good luck!