So far I like this baby video monitor.- The video quality is great- Night vision works well- It works even with my WiFi 802.11g, 2.4 GHz cordless phone, 2.4 GHz wireless speakers and a microwave oven.- Battery life is good.  I've had the receiver on for 5 hours and the battery indicator is down to 33%.  This is with VOX and Power Save both off.- I dropped this 2x on our (hard) floor and it still works (phew).- I expecially like the 2-way communication.  I don't use it a lot to talk to our baby.  I found it to be useful when my wife is with our baby and needs to tell me something.  Not only can I hear her through the handheld monitor but I could reply!  It's like having a video walkie-talkie.- Uses a micro-USB (I think) connector for power.  This is the same connector used by some electronics (like my old Garmin nuvi 350, my Logitech Harmony 550 remote, etc).  If you want an extra charger in another room you could likely use one you already have that came with another product.- The camera has a rechargeable internal battery.  I find this convenient when I want to temporarily move the camera (i.e., to keep an eye on our baby when in her swing) without fussing about power cords.  I don't know how long the battery lasts as I only use it like this for a few tens of minutes.Wish list:- Support multiple handheld receivers (so more than one parent can monitor the baby).  I have not seen any digital video baby monitors support this.- It would be nice if the camera can be mounted on a tripod to make it more portable (i.e., bring it to my home office when bring the baby's bassinet there, etc).- I wish the handheld had a flip-out stand so I can prop it up while away from the charging base.  This would be nice to have but not that critical for me.What I don't like:- The plastic looks and feels cheap- The silver logo (not red and black as shown in product pictures) looks even cheaper -- sort of like it was just spray painted on it (like an engineering project or a cheap Chinese knockoff... heck those even look better sometimes).  I know this is less important than the technical features but still, appearance does matter.  The monitor gives off a cheap vibe in my opinion.- Volume on the handheld monitor is kinda low- A crib mounting bracket would be nice to have.  I considered mounting the camera on the wall but it was too far from our baby (and she does not typically face the wall!).  Instead, I strapped it onto the crib myself but will have to move it once the child gets older and can reach it.What I hate:- Sales and customer service is a joke!  I have never seen live sales chat active and I've been checking for a month or longer.  I sent an e-mail to customer support and nobody replied.  I also left a voice mail for sales support and again no reply.  [update 11/22/2011: Now tech support seems to be more responsive.  I inquired about a replacement charging dock and received a prompt reply]Recommended?Sure!  I still recommend the product but all bets are off if you need technical support.