I bought two of these cams and a TC46. They do what they are supposed to and could be improved slightly to become perfect. The clunk you hear about in some reviews is either fixed or a non issue on all my cams.It is so faint you can barely make it out when you are less than a foot from the cam. The daytime videos are awesome but at night the IR and vids isn't always a good combination especially on black hogs. You just see a bunch of eyes on many vids and then some are illuminated properly. I suspect the IR and video function draws too much power at once and doesn't illuminate sufficiently for video. If I added the Primos Steroid pack or used rechargables maybe it would help. My favorite setting is on a 3pic burst with ten seconds between. I should stress that the color and IR pics are fantastic. I have had up to 3500 pics in a week with hogs hitting a feeder. You can roll through your pics fast on a laptop and it looks like a video anyway. Battery life is more than acceptable given the massive amounts of video and pictures I have been getting. After a full month I still have 50% battery life on my most active unit. The video function draws a lot more power and the first two weeks that's the mode I ran them in. It does have trouble under a canopy at first or last light deciding on IR or color but that's no problem for me. You can CLEARLY see what you have and thats all I want anyway. For the money I'd buy this one again and actually like better than the 46 because its easier to set up. The 46 is an awesome cam too though. I am actually contemplating buying another one of the 35's. I also selected these cams beacuse Primos customer service is supposed to be the best. Register online for a full years warranty instead of the shorter one you get on a mail in.I got photographic evidence of hogs last week as they tore my tripod feeder down. They will pay!These cams have been very valuable to me in hog control as I know the age structure of the hogs I have and which ones I should target to help control their high reproductive capacity. It is a shame they are so destructive as I admire some of their other characteristics.I would have given these 5 stars if it weren't for the IR video problem but it is still a great tool well worth the money. Honestly I feel they are more like a 4.5 to 4.75 star product but I know some buyers are more particular about these cams and would cry about an inaccurate review if I didn't mention the IR vids. These are well worth the money in my opinion.I shouldn't leave out Amazon either, they are awesome and shipping was next day for a small upcharge so I got to start surveiling my hogs right away. Even as much as I like to buy local I have started lots of my hunting stuff off Amazon instead of going to 5 stores hoping somebody has a product only to find they either don't have it or the price isn't close to Amazon's.