First things first: this monitor operates at 2.4GHz, which can interfere with 802.11g or single-band 802.11n routers. If you have such a router, don't get this baby monitor unless you need some way to stop yourself from going online while your baby sleeps.Beyond that, this monitor is really easy to use. It comes all set up such that you can plug it in and go. No set-up required. The picture quality is pretty good, and the sound quality is on par with the audio-only baby monitor i had already.There are some serious problems, though.First off, when you turn on the parent unit (the one with the screen), it plays a little tune. I've found no way to turn that off. Even when the device is muted so i can't hear any sounds from the baby, the darn thing still wants to play me a song when i turn it on. Likewise, if it can't detect the camera, it helpfully beeps at you to let you know. There is no way to disable this audio alert.Second, the camera is basically designed to be wall-mounted. I wanted to set mine up on a dresser near the crib, but the crib mattress is at a much lower level. I can't tilt the camera down enough to get a good angle. If i wanted to screw it into the wall above the crib, it would have good range of motion, but i don't.Third, of course, is that i can only use this device if i want to block all wi-fi in my house. I could go buy a new router to get around this problem, but that's a bit silly.So if you don't use wi-fi for your internet, or have a router other than the type i mentioned above, plan to wall-mount the camera, and remember to never turn the parent unit on near your sleeping baby, this is actually a pretty good video monitor. Otherwise, it's just not.--Update - down to one star:After about 12 hours of use over 3 days, my camera has stopped working properly. It cycles randomly between day and night modes (1-20 seconds in one mode before flipping to the other), even if the room is so dark that on night mode the screen just shows blackness. Unplugging the camera and plugging it back in fixes the problem for an hour or two. I haven't yet contacted tech support, since they're only available by phone, and with a newborn in the house i have precious little time for phone calls, especially when i don't know if it will take 30 seconds or 30 minutes.--Another update:I got an email from a vendor kindly offering to replace my obviously malfunctioning unit. They claim it should _not_ interfere with wi-fi, despite operating on a frequency known to interfere with wi-fi. I'm not going to bother getting the replacement, primarily because the other issues (some of which aren't malfunctions, like the annoying start-up sound) render this monitor useless to me.In addition, i did some experimenting and found that the range of this monitor is less than 50 feet in my house. There are only two walls between my kitchen and the nursery, and probably less than 50 feet, but at my kitchen table the monitor repeatedly cuts out saying it lost signal. Maybe this is yet another aspect of its malfunction, but at the point where a monitor is malfunctioning in three apparently unrelated ways (wi-fi interference, day/night mode switch, and range), it suggests a certain lack of quality in the product.--A third update:I have a 3037 unit as well, the fancier pan-tilt-zoom version. It also interferes with wi-fi. If the wi-fi interference really is a malfunction, then it's a common one across at least two product lines, which seems unlikely.