The reviews already written for this product have been very, very thorough, so I don't know what else I can add to give additional information, but I will try.  First of all, this product is not exclusively a "baby monitor".  It's formal description is a "wireless video home monitor", and that is how I intend to use it.  Since my kids are no longer babies, I don't need it to watch over them while they are sleeping.  However, it can be used in other ways that I find very beneficial.I have another Lorex monitor, Lorex LW2003 LIVE snap Video Baby Monitor (White), and thought highly of it.  However, it only came with one camera though 3 more could be paired.  The LW242B comes with 2 cameras but at a higher cost.What I like about the LW242B:1.  It comes with 2 cameras instead of one.2.  One of the cameras can rotate and view up and down by remote control.3.  Both cameras good night vision.4.  The monitoring system can be hooked up to Skype5.  The range is fairly adequate - up to about 100 yards.6.  Picture quality is adequate though only black and white.7.  Ability to listen and speak with baby or whomever is in the room.8.  One of the cameras can be powered with 4AA batteries.9.  Monitor has larger screen and flip out antennae.10. Can wall mount both cameras.11. Comes with 1GB micro chip and adapter12. Can take pictures and video13.  Temperature readingsHow well all of these really works - 2 cameras are better than one.  the rotating camera is kind of noisy when it rotates but still, it's good if you need to follow a toddler around a room or just want to check out other areas of the room.The night vision is very good.  I can easily see what's going on on both cameras.Skype - Especially good if you are monitoring your home against break-ins.  You can check periodically to see what's going on.  But, as far as leaving your child unattended and checking on him/her from the office - that's a really bad idea.  To check on how the babysitter is doing - great.Range - I walked down our street while holding the monitor and got to around 100 yards before it went black and said, "out of range".  Our house is all brick so I don't know if you would get better range in other construction.Picture quality is certainly not HD or in color, but it's clear enough.  Night vision was very good.Communication - very clear and easy to use.  I was getting distracted with the "white noise" but there is a way you can turn it off in the menu.  After the camera detects a loud enough sound, the sound will turn back on but will then turn back off if no more sounds are detected.  I like that function because if I'm at the computer or watching a movie, I can still monitor but I don't have to be distracted by white noise (static).So far only only one of the cameras can be powered by batteries.  The camera that rotates needs to be connected to a power source.The monitor itself is fairly easy to use.  There are lots of buttons on the sides that I had to read how to use in the manual but it's all still simple enough.  The flip out antennae definitely helps with range.I won't be mounting my cameras since I like to move them around, but it comes with all the hardware for wall mounting.Other observations:  You can watch via the monitor both camera views at the same time, but each view only uses 1/4 the monitor screen.  It would have been nice if you could enlarge each view to 1/2 screen each.The non-rotating camera was not paired with the monitor and lost pairing once afterwards.  So I've had to re-pair 2 times.  I don't know if this is going to be a chronic problem or not.The music included is kind of cheesy.  I really wouldn't want my baby listening to electronic generated music.  I think they could have easily made room to install realistic music played on real instruments.  I doubt I would use that even if I were using this system to watch over a baby.Most of the functions are fairly intuitive though it was nice to have the manual.  An English and French manual are included.  A USB cable and DVD are also included.I would only take a video or pictures if I saw someone breaking into my house.  However, I can see how it would be nice for new parents to video tape their baby sleeping or playing.The temperature is in degrees Fahrenheit, but I haven't checked to see if there is Celsius option in the menu.  However, I had both cameras side by side overnight, and one camera read 73 degrees and the other 71.  So, the temperature reading is only a general reading and not accurate.  I will later use a calibrated thermometer and see how accurate the temperature readings on the cameras actually are.Overall, I give this system 4 stars but that means I think it's a very good system.  Only time will tell.  I will update this review as I become more familiar with the functions and operations of this product.  I have yet to connect to Skype to actually see how well it works.