I bought this product a month ago and was amazed that it actually worked.  For the money, you can't beat it.  I was worried about battery life, so I bought a Chamberlain system.  This Driveway Alert EXCEEDS the Chamberlain's range and picks up people and cars better than the Chamberlain system!I am currently getting an easy 100 feet range from transmitter to receiver from this product and it has yet to "false alarm" on me and has yet to not recognize a person in it's range.  That range would probably be longer but at 100 feet, it has to transmit through two insulated walls with steel doors in my garage and through my insulated house wall to reach the receiver in my home.The Chamberlain's transmitter detection range is good for FIFTEEN FEET MAXIMUM!  This system easily exceeds that range to nearly double.  I quit testing it at approx. 25 feet.  Thats all the range I need from the transmitter.  It may pick up even further.  The pick-up range from the Chamberlain transmitter is LESS than this unit!This receiver has a jack for AC use in order to bypass battery use.  I have ordered an adapter for this.  It ran me ten bucks, shipped.  The 9 volt batteries in the receivers are still going strong and I think they will last quite a while before they will need new ones.  I have two of these units equaling two transmitters and two receivers.  This cost TEN DOLLARS less than HALF of what the Chamberlain unit cost me!  I paid $89.00 for the Chamberlain unit with one receiver and two transmitters.I tested both side by side and this system is better and by far more reliable.  The receiver has a hi/lo volume control and lights up better than a Chamberlain receiver does, plus the sound is a chime rather than an annoying buzz that you can barely hear.  The Chamberlain receiver doesn't offer ANY sort of volume adjustment.I'm not sure how they handle rain, but there is a rubber gasket surrounding the battery door.  The Chamberlain unit doesn't even have a gasket on their transmitters.  You can be creative and make a bird house to put the transmitter in, as one person on here said, or you can mount the transmitter under a ledge or make a little "roof" over it to keep water from getting on it.  I use mine for inside use, but as I said, I have tested them back to back outside and the performance beat the Chamberlain system.There IS an led light on these transmitters that lights up whenever it has been tripped.  I think it is there so the owner can check it at the transmitter to see if it is in need of a battery change.  If you don't want the light, I would put a piece of tape over the led.  On the Chamberlain system the trip light led is BEHIND THE SENSOR SCREEN and there is NO WAY I know of to get it to stop lighting up because if you put tape over the sensor screen of their transmitter, you are covering it and making it impossible to pick up anything.This system is great and works great and is 1/4 the price of a Chamberlain system!  You may want to buy an AC adapter for the receiver to save money on batteries.  In my opinion and from my testing of both systems, this one is the winner, hands-down.  It is a great little unit and you can't beat it for the money or for the performance.  You decide.