I purchased four DCS-930L cameras to set up a DIY home surveillance system. Overall I am happy with what they can do with such a low price tag.The installation was easy. After opening the box, I connected cameras to my router with network cables. And after I inserted the CD into my computer, the auto-run program led me through the entire process step by step. The program had no problem finding the cameras, and registered them to mydlink.com.That was the only time I needed that CD-ROM. Any additional setup, such as wireless, video, audio, motion detection, email, or ftp, etc, could be performed via mydlink.com. I could change the settings from anywhere with internet connection. And unlike other products, mydlink.com is free. This is indeed terrific!Setting up the wireless for DCS-930L was not difficult either. If you have the experience of adding a few window-based PCs into your home wireless network, you will find the process to add DCS-930L is exactly the same. I entered the SID and the WEP password, disconnected the network cable from the cameras, and unplug/plug the power cord. In about 1 minute the cameras (now wireless) showed up on mydlink.com!The wireless range on this camera is very good. I think D-link really listened to their users, since there were lots of complaints on the poor wireless range of its previous version DCS-920. I have a big house with many rooms. In a few remote rooms with many walls in between even my itouch cannot find wireless signal. But DCS-930L can! And the connection is always stable. So far I have never lost any video feed yet. Without wireless connection concerns, I can put the cameras anywhere there is a power outlet. (Yes, DCS-930 does need a power line. So it is not completely wireless. But I could always find outlets close enough to plug my cameras in.)A new feature you cannot find in DCS-920 is the motion detection. Again, via mydlink, I turned on motion detection, adjusted the detection sensitivity, and then selected the areas in the view point to be on/off motion detection. The sensitivity and the areas depend on what the cameras point to and the lighting condition of the time. So it took me a few days to experiment different settings in morning/evening sun-light, etc.After that, I went to the email setup page and select "motion detection" so that emails will be triggered by the motion detection. I intend to use it when I am away from my house. Again, DCS-930L has an enhancement over DCS-920: I can set up SSL emails so that my email password is always protected.The video quality is 640x480, which I believe is the same as the DCS-920. However, DCS-930 has an enhancement: Audio. I could hear the sound from the camera even when I clap my hand in a different room! Of course the quality of both video and audio is no where near HD. But given the low price tag, I have no complaints.The only major issue I can think of is the lack of the night vision. Without it the camera can hardly see anything during the night, and the entire surveillance system is therefore useless. (However, no camera in this price range has night vision, at least I could not find one.)Overall I am very happy with the camera. And I will not hesitate to recommend it to anyone.