I rated this rearview mirror mount monitor 4 stars, only because there wasn't a 3 1/2 star selection.  First of all, prior to doing any installation work, I thoroughly siliconed, every questionable seam, etc., on the license plate camera, that could possibly allow moisture, to enter into the camera.  After siliconing, I removed the transparent, protective, film covering, off of the camera lens.FIRST, THE CONS: (1) I tried mounting the monitor, to my rearview mirror, but, after doing so, decided that this mirror's reflective properties, were "too dark," and, so, I removed it from my stock mirror, and, mounted it, on my dash, so that I can still use my regular, stock, rearview mirror. (2) To be as nice, as I can be, the installation/wiring instructions for the mirror monitor, are, at best, "a joke!" They are extremely lacking, and, did not help me at all.  (3) Mounting the rearview camera on the license plate, and, wiring the harness, to my , left backup light positive (Red), and, negative/ground (Black) wires, was quick, and, easy. The yellow, RCA video jack was easy enough to hookup, to the long harness, that I routed, under my pickup truck, into my truck's cab, where I connected the other end of the yellow video cable, into the monitor's yellow video, incoming connector.  (Remember to tape up the yellow video connectors, under the rear end of the truck, with an ample amount of electrical tape, so that they remain waterproof, and, also, so they do not come apart, due to bouncing around, on bumpy roads, etc.) (4) As of this moment, I still have not figured out a way, to route the yellow video connector, for the camera, into the truck's cab, from underneath the truck, or, through the firewall. - Once I have accomplished this, then I will be finished, with the wiring, of the camera harness, both under the rear of the truck, on, forward, into the truck's cab, to the monitor. (Until I figure out, how to route this video cable, into the truck's cab, I will have the cable entering the truck's cab, through the open door jam, and, closing the door, on it, to keep it secure)  (5) I still have to figure out, how to wire the backup camera's LED lights, so that they function??? (My truck's backup lights, produce more than enough nightime illumination, for the backup camera, to enable me to see any/all, objects, to the rear of my truck, after dark, so, I will forego, trying to get the backup camera LED lights hooked up, for the time being.)NOW, THE PROS: (1) The mirror mount monitor, is "fantastic!" During daylight, the monitor, is large, extremely clear, sharp, bright, and, very colorful, and, very easy to adjust, both, with the touch screen monitor buttons, and/or, the remote control device. Even at night, although, not quite as clear, as during daylight hours, the nighttime display, was generally, Black, and, White, ever so slightly "fuzzy," but, still, very discernable, to the eye. (2) Splicing the Red/Black power wires, for the monitor, inside the cab, to a cigarette lighter plug, was quite easy. (Reminder: Use a multitest meter, to ensure that you are connecting the Red/Black monitor wires, to the correct wires, of the cigarette lighter plug, to avoid any shorting of these wires, and, potentially damaging, the monitor. (3) Note: The Green, Amber, and, Red, rectangular areas, depicted on the monitor, are very helpful. In addition, the ability to change the size of the backup display, from a very widescreen view, to a narrower view, literally, and, instantaneously, helped me to better estimate the distance from, and, closeness to, the back of my truck, to viewed objects.In closing, I apologize, for being so lengthy, in my review, but, I do hope, that it is helpful to anyone, who purchases, this rearview mirror-type, monitor, and, the accompanying, Koolertron rearview license plate mount backup camera.  For just a little over $50.00 for the LCD monitor, and, backup camera, (including the standard shipping charges), I am one "VERY HAPPY CAMPER!"  Best of luck, to everyone else who purchases these items.....