I have tried numerous consumer-oriented IP cameras, but this is the first pro-style model I have tried. I know from experience with multiple other cameras that these cameras usually start out as professional models, or are made by professional surveillance companies, and are adapted for the consumer market. When that happens, the packaging and marketing text makes it sound like it is easy to get them up and running by the average user, but it is a veneer that wears off once you start trying to set it up. Q-See does fall into that category, but they executed the setup process better than most I have tried. The bottom line is, I ended up getting everything to work as advertised with less frustration.Pros:1) They try to make it easier for the average user with large installation posters with a lot of photo illustrations2) The automatic setup software actually worked, for once3) Cameras provide a nice field of view4) Appears to be well made and designed to weather the elements5) Night vision is usable6) Overall, they succeed in avoiding requiring the user to buy a networking dictionary, but you still need to dig a little to understand some terminology7) Viewing IP cameras on a smartphone has been one of the biggest challenges I have had with IP cameras. Some I have tried simply never worked, even though the manufacturer says it's possible. Others I have gotten to work for reasons I cannot explain. The best thing I can say about this product is that I can view the cameras over my smartphone, so I'm not going to push my luck. However, the apps they provide apparently give many peoples issues (see Cons below)Cons:1) Instructions are still not as easy as I think they need to be for the average user. While parts of the instructions were easy to understand and follow, they did not necessarily flow from one thing to the next. I am really not sure how I got everything working. Seems like I jumped around between instruction sheets and steps. I also had to do some searching on their web site. I had to install several pieces of software and drivers, but I'm not quite sure yet what they are for, or how to work them. I doubt I could guide someone else through how to set it up. Still, somehow, I got it to work2) While the automatic setup software worked for me, if it doesn't for you, then you are thrown into the daunting world of port forwarding! This is something all other IP cameras I have used I have had to deal with. Digging into your router's settings is not the most user friendly process3) The consumer friendly veneer wears off the deeper you go. The more you go into the settings sections, the more it looks like territory only a security or network professional could love. Still, like I mention in the Pros section, they do abetter job of explaining than other products I have used4) There is no wireless anything on this product. For the sake of security, everything is wired. This means you have to figure out where you want your cameras and then determine if there is a place for the dvr to go that allows all the wires to be connected. Of course, you have to run the wires to and fro, meaning you may need to get on the roof. The dvr also needs to be hard wired to your network, otherwise you need to connect it to a TV or monitor. I think most people are going to want to use it on their desktop and/or smartphone, though. This, then, requires the dvr to be connected to the network. I ended up placing the dvr in the loft space in my garage. I connected it to the network using powerline adapters. It worked5) When setting it up, you need to see a screen of some sort. The way I did it was I temporarily moved my dvr to near my desktop and plugged my computer monitor into it. This allowed me to follow the setup screen instructions to set up port forwarding. Once that is done, you can move the dvr back to where you want it. Then, I was able to use the viewing software on my computer to continue setup and monitor the cameras6) The smartphone software they provide is confusing. They have a lot of different versions and it is hard to figure out which one to use. The only way I figured it out was by going to their web site, searching for android apps, inputting some info and finding the exact app for me. The only other issue with the apps is that the viewer ratings for most of theirs is very poor. It worked on my phone, but it looks like many people have some major issuesSo, basically, I can say this: So far, so good. These cameras look and perform like high end security cameras, compared to the plastic cased, over-styled consumer IP cameras I have been using. Despite a lot of little things to assemble and setup, I did actually get the system to work as advertised with a lot less frustration that other IP cameras I have used. As a first step into a pro-style security camera setup, I believe the Q-See system is a good start for the average user, as long as you are willing to invest the time and effort needed to set it up, i.e., it's still not simple and easy.