I'm surprised to see so many positive reviews for this monitor.  I've waited to write a review until I had the opportunity to use this product for several weeks.  My only other experience with a baby monitor is a Summer monitor which I'ved used for hours each day and throughout the night for the past almost 3 years (I actually have two of them, which I love). However, the Samsung pales in comparison and it seems considerably overpriced.There are several features of the Samsung monitor that I find problematic:1) The resolution is poor. While one is typically using the monitor to make sure his/her child is still in bed or out of harm's way, so seeing in detail with great resolution isn't really a necessity, I was still surprised at how poor the resolution is - it does have a larger than average screen, but I don't see the point of a large screen with poor resolution.  A smaller screen with better resolution seems to make a lot more sense to me.2) The battery life is terrible.  The system comes with a power cord and most of the time it needs to be used while plugged in.  It's also possible to use it in "sleep mode" which means less battery power is used, but you can't see your child unless there's noise detected by the camera. I prefer to keep the picture view on while I'm using it as my child sometimes gets up and gets out of bed without making a sound. When the battery does get low, there is a battery low indicator to let you know, but it's typcially only a minute or two until the monitor dies completely and it must be plugged in.3) You want to make sure you don't forget to check that the camera is in view of your baby/child before he/she falls asleep because the monitor makes an obnoxious sound when powered on - one that would likely wake up anyone else sleeping in the room, especially your baby.4) It's very easy to touch the wrong button on the monitor which then means that the camera and monitor must be "paired" again - this means walking into your child's room to touch a button on the camera to make this happen.  This is not good at all if it happens when your child who doesn't sleep well to begin with is finally fast asleep5) The cord on the camera is very short, which reduces your options for where you can place the camera in relation to an outlet.  Mounting the camera in the corner of a room is not an option.6) The menu/navigation seems primitive - it feels like my first computer (in terms of functinality, this is irrelevant, but given the price point, I expected something a bit more advanced.The only real positive features I can see are that it has the capacity to integrate multiple cameras and it has a "talk" feature where you can talk to your child.Overall, I was very disappointed by this baby monitor.