The short end is this: Driveway Patrol Sensor is one of the BEST and least expensive models of its kind.  It is well-manufactured, simple to use, its chime is audible, and the system works reliably. The retail price fluctuates between $ 15 and $30, making this among the least expensive of its kind.As you might guess - this system comes in two parts (each about the size of a mug).  1.  The "OUTSIDE MOTION SENSOR" (which actually detects people as they approach)  2.  The "INSIDE CHIME BOX" (its chime notifies you with an audible, yet pleasant "DING-DONG" sound).Of course the beauty is - these two units can be VERY far apart (400 feet, according to the box).*HOW IT WORKS*Place the "MOTION SENSOR" (the smaller unit) near your front door, or anywhere you expect outside people to approach your home (whether friendly, hostile or census takers).Next, you place the other unit (the noise-making "CHIME BOX") inside your home.When an outsider approaches the "SENSOR" at your front door - you hear the "CHIME" inside your bedroom .  Again - the exact locations YOU need may vary.  Instead of your bedroom (or wherever); you might want the CHIME BOX to alert you in your office.***VOLUME CONTROL***The CHIME BOX can be set to "LOW" or "HIGH" volume, and "LOW Volume" is still pretty darn loud.  We set our CHIME BOX to "LOW" volume, and put it inside our towel closet NEAR our bedrooom, and close the door.  That way it's loud, but not TOO LOUD, we can still hear it just fine.Each unit has a small hole designed so it can be hung from a nail.  OR - both units are flat at the base, so you can set it on a table or your desk.ADDITIONAL SECURITY INFORMATION:The outdoor "sensor" has a small red LED light which illuminates when it detects motion.  I suppose this COULD be a good thing - if you want potential thieves to know they've been detected; perhaps scare them off.  But I personally don't want the outside people to KNOW that they've been detected (suppose I grew up on too much James Bond & Mission Impossible).I cover that little red light with black duct-tape.  Of course I don't cover the MOTION SENSOR itself; just the little red light.In addition to covering the light - I also ensure the CHIME BOX canNOT be heard by anyone outside my apartment.  And then evil intruders (as well as my friendly guests) are UNAWARE THEY HAVE BEEN DETECTED.At first - I was disappointed that the battery cover (on the "MOTION SENSOR" unit) requires a PHILLIPS HEAD screwdriver to open.Then another amazon reviewer informed me - many crooks will wait till I leave the house to remove the battery.  That way, once I'm home - they can approach my door without my knowledge (e.g. home invasion robbery).The other unit (the "RECEIVER / CHIME" unit) has a simple little thumb latch which opens easily with (appropriately enough) just your thumb!The sensor is extremely sensitive, and can be positioned in different ways to yield different sensivities.  For example - with the architecture around my front door, I find the MOTION SENSOR works better if hanged upside down.  I hung it on a regular  nail & it worked OK.  But then I tried hanging it upside down & it worked even better (I just wrapped a rubberband around it, & hang the rubber band on the nail).  Works like a charm.SUMMARY.Besides being a genuinely good security product, it's fun because my friends think I've got ESP.  BUY THIS!  At all levels, you'll dig it!