I got this camera pen for myself for cause it looked like a fun "toy" to get just for kicks as a birthday present to myself.  When it arrived, I went to set it up, but was concerned cause I have three computers (Windows 2002 XP, Vista, and Windows 7) and the box said it required 2000 XP.  Well I tried it but it did not work - booo.  The light came on, but I got an error message on all three of my computers.  I thought it was the operating system, so I wrote to the seller to find out if there was a software upgrade for it.  The seller was super helpful and gave me some tips which I tried.  Then had more questions, so I wrote again and they gave me more info, both times responding pretty quickly to my surprise.  Here's some info that other buyers should know:- The pen DOES WORK on newer PC operating systems, including Windows 7.- Make sure the mini-SD memory card is pushed all the way in the slot.  Mine was not in all the way and it went in at least 1/16" more and made a click/snap sound.- Plug it into the USB port on the BACK of the computer, instead of one in the front (I'd heard this regarding other USB attachments because apparently the front USB ports have a lower charge - I don't know what's up with that and it doesn't make any sense to me since those are more convenient, but whatever).- Make sure a light comes on.  If not, press the button at the top (duh, felt stupid about missing that one).- If a light still doesn't come on, it might be a defective cable.  The cable is fine if a red or green light comes on.- Red light means it's charging.  The first time you plug the pen into your computer, you have to download some software and you can do that when the battery is charging.  It doesn't have to be fully charged (green light) to download it.- If you check the SD card, plug it in the back USB port, the light comes on (meaning the cable is fine), but you get an error message saying, "USB Device Not Recognized" - then unfortunately, the pen is most likely broken or defective.Since I work in quality control, I know that defective items are a normal part of the manufacturing process.  I read some reviews here that people thought the item itself was horrible because it didn't work, but honestly they just got a bad one.  If I got a damaged item from Target or Walmart, I wouldn't call it a rip off, I'd exchange for one that works.  So that's what I did.  But I notice that when people buy stuff online, it's like they feel personally attacked or something.  Geez, just let the seller know - afterall, they can't test every single item they sell.So, after doing the things I listed above, I told the seller about the error message.  They understood the problem immediately and confirmed the pen was probably defective and unable to recognize the SD card.  They apologized and said they'd send me a new pen right away.  It was probably the easiest and best experience I've had with an online seller.Happy Ending:  I got my new pen within a week and it worked right off the bat.  It really is a neat little toy and my nephew and I had a lot of fun pretending to be spies.  The quality of the video and audio was surprisingly good for such a tiny camera hole, so calling it a "toy" doesn't do it justice.  It's a fun item and I'm very happy with it, and especially how great the seller was about everything.