Disclaimer: Self proclaimed tech, as an applications developer for multiple platforms you would think setting up 3 network cameras is as easy as 1,2,3... you would be wrong. Granted my network setup at home is complex than most typical user out there but still getting the cameras working nice with my routers was a hassle.Bought these for great price for the type and quality of the cameras did not need to splurge on HD just yet. Needed an easy and simple solution to monitor babysitter for my 5 year old.Current network and setup at the time of initial setup.Netgear WNDR4000 with MAC restriction setup, no WEP or encryption (there was a reason for this setup, would be very boring and lengthy explanation). SSID was basically open as long as I knew the MAC address and given it access via the routers setup.10PM on a Saturday, kids are in bed and now have alone time to setup some security cameras, yeah!1st clue: the device have a sticker on the back, by FCC requirements must include the MAC address of the said network equipment utilized by the user. Which they do, but here is the rub, only the LAN adapter's MAC address is provided on the sticker. Assuming that they net the LAN to their WiFi adapter this is not a big deal. Assumption wrong.2nd clue: the device claims it has WPS (WiFi Protected Setup) capabilities. My WNDR4000 has WPS so lets give it a go right. The device and the router were literally one(1) foot away from each other in the same room, no obstruction. The two could not pair what so ever.3rd clue: The manual advertises their supper cool iOS app on the AppStore that you can use to setup the device and be done with all the nonsense of networking and such. Pull out my iPhone5 with iOS7 on it, and downloaded the app. Added the device using QR code on the back of the device. FYI all it does is fills in the ID of the device which is also on the back sticker. After a few tries and back and forth with the settings cannot locate the camera. At this point I start questioning my understanding of technology. Am I that old that I no longer can setup a simple IP device, do I a dare call customer service and wait for some guy to tell me I'm holding it wrong? No, I refuse to give up.Status Update: 2AM and still can't setup one camera via any WiFi possible solution, let alone 2 more.4th clue: after exhausting all WiFi setup methods, LAN must work, or else. And by gosh it does. But I bough a wireless, capable device(s). key word: WiFi. Instructions point me to installing their L-View software which in turn points me to web interface of the device's settings, finally getting somewhere. Note under info section it still shows only the LAN MAC address. not very useful to me as I need the WiFi adapters MAC address to add it to the Access List. So what to do at this point? I disable the MAC restrictions on my router and my SSID is now exposed to any device to join if they desire. I figured who will be hacking me at 3AM right. So under network setting in the web interface of the device I selected "None" for security mode under the sub section for WiFi settings. Run the WiFi test as the option after saving all setting. "Test failed"To make the long story short, I had to enable WPA(2)-PSK with AES encryption only then my cameras started to join my network and functioning. At this point web interface and my router are reporting the WiFi MAC address. Why not just give it to me in the first place!What should have taken no more then 2 min or under 1 if you watch the YouTube guide of setting this camera up. it took me well over 6h to figure out the correct settings that would work for me to utilize these devices. Note: WPS still did not work. iOS app now recognizes the devices, poor layout of the app and crashes most of the time. I like the layout of the iPad app better but still needs work. Why not have a universal binary?Update: Had the cameras running for over a month now, seem to be stable produce mediocre night video quality. One camera has very sharp clear night view and the other 2 have very blurry night view. not sure why. Since setup I've switch my router to Netgear R6300 to get a better range. Also setup the recording function to Network Attached Storage (NAS). note: no where in the manual or website does its state they support it nor instructions on how to configure it. You can find it under Schedule section within the web interface of each camera.