We have had this monitor for 7 months and have really enjoyed it. For the price it is legit and does what it needs to. We could have purchased a $200-$300 monitor, but we live in a small house and can hear our baby even without the monitor (once she gets really worked up)and we aren't made of cash (thus we shop on Amazon). The monitor is great for peace of mind and does everything we would want. We have the same complaints as many people 1) The monitor interferes with our wireless internet router (supposedly we can update the firmware on our modem) 2) The fan in the room with the baby (creating white noise) keeps the monitor from going into hibernate and thus keeps the monitor on all night (I just cover it up with a sock :)) 3) The clip is not super strong etc.However with all the "downsides" mentioned above the monitor is GREAT and I would definitely recommend to friends on a budget. If you are rolling in the dough and are upset that you "wasted" $100 bucks on a monitor that was not up to your standard then go ahead and spend double, but quit complaining and leaving poor reviews for buying a budget monitor and expecting a deluxe machine. I read reviews about the battery life being terrible and that it won't last through the night, but I have not had a problem with the monitor lasting through the night due to the monitor actually coming with an AC PLUG!!! Sadly my nights are pretty unadventurous and I usually do not find myself wandering from room to room at night so plugging in my monitor when I got to bed seems pretty uhhhh easy. The battery life throughout the day is usually perfect. It almost always makes it through the day during her naps. Oh did I mention I turn the monitor off when I am not using it and just leave the cameras plugged in... another great battery saving technique.One thing I was a little bummed about was that after much much use/abuse over a 7 month span our receiving unit started acting finicky so we contacted Infant Optics about a replacement. They ask you to just pack up the monitor and ship it back (seven buckeroos at the post office). Upon providing proof of shipping (a picture of the box with their address on it) they ship a monitor to you. They say it takes 2-3 days for the replacement to arrive, but just know that it takes more like a week to get to you. Maybe if your monitor is finicky just send in a picture of the monitor, wait a few days, and then drop it off at the post office to minimize time without a partially working unit. All in all their customer service was AMAZING. They handled our return with much professionalism and we have a brand new working monitor set up in her room again.I would buy this unit again (even though it was a gift from our registry). As usual on all Amazon items, avoid reading the 5 stars reviews and avoid reading the 1 star reviews and focus on the middle to make your decision. We are still super happy with out budget monitor.