I bought this as a video baby monitor.  I had received a Summer Infant Day & Night Flat Screen Color Video Monitor with 7" LCD Screen as a baby shower gift.  It was great - until the monitor crapped out after 1 year.  At first it wouldn't stay on, eventually it wouldn't TURN on.  Called the company, out of warranty after a year, and can't buy a replacement monitor - just an additional camera.  I was not about to shell out $200, so we made due with a second hand sound-only monitor.  That was until a month ago when my son climbed out of the crib and surprised me in the kitchen!!  We needed a video monitor asap - he was still not ready for a toddler bed and I need to see him in case he tries it again.I did what I always do, and I researched for hours on Amazon to see what the best option was.  I did not want to buy another Summer Infant product, and I did not want to spend over $100.  I came across this surveillance camera, and read the reviews.  I'm pretty handy, and know my way around computers well enough that I thought I could hook it up.  It was very simple to set up, and we were up and running in about a half hour (including mounting it to the wall).  My husband and I both have iPhones (3GS) so I downloaded the free cam viewer app to use as the monitor.  We still have our sound monitor going, so if we hear any crying or activity, we just check the app and we can see him.  We can even move the camera from the app!  It's awesome!  I haven't figured out the settings enough so that we can see the camera when we are not on our wifi network, but it's mainly b/c I haven't had the time.  I would love to send the hubby a text saying "going down for a nap now" and he could check his phone and my son can wave to the camera to say "night night" to daddy while he is at work.  I also want to use that for when we leave him with the babysitter, so I can monitor them.  I'm considering buying another to use in the playroom for when I need to step into another room or use the bathroom.Overall we are extremely happy with it.  One cool thing with the iPhone app, the screen will not turn off if you are viewing the camera, so you can have constant visual if you want.  Of course, you would want your phone charging at the same time as not to waste the battery.Also, way safer than traditional baby monitors too.  Since those all use the same frequency, if you live in an apt complex, you can pick up other peoples feed.  And there is that urban legend (really true though) that someone can drive around a neighborhood with a monitor and pick up the feed from homes as they drive by.  That's too creepy for me!I know we will use this after he's too old for a monitor as a regular surveillance camera too.  It's going to pay for itself sooner than any crappy $200 baby-specific monitor ever would!