I was using a system from Frontpoint Security prior to purchasing the Simplisafe system.  I dumped Frontpoint because I was tired of paying the expensive monitoring cost.I bought the Simplisafe after hearing endorsements from Dave Ramsey and Clark Howard.  Ordering was easy, and the system seemed like a good value.  I received the system promptly after ordering.When I opened the box, I was amazed at how large the door/window sensors were compared to any other security system I have seen.  They are huge, and at least 4 times larger than the sensors I had with my Frontpoint system.  After hanging them, my wife complained about how they looked, especially on our mahogany finished front door.  Thankfully, they are affixed with removable 3M adhesive strips, so when we decided to return the system they came off easily.The other hardware complaint I had from the start was the small, hard to read screen, on the keypad.  I had to start wearing reading glasses a few years ago, and I definitely need them to read this screen.  Still, this didn't seem to be a deal breaker at first, but was annoying as we used the system for several weeks.Despite the criticism I mentioned, my wife and I initially thought we could live with the Simplisafe System. The first couple of days, while the monitoring company considered us in "practice mode" went fine.  It was when we went live that the problems with false alarms started.I positioned the motions sensor in the exact same location that i had the motion sensor with the Frontpoint system.  The first day we put the Simplisafe system in "away mode" we got an alarm.  I was hours away from the house, and my wife was miles away at her work.  The police were dispatched, and they found no evidence of foul play.  The "pet friendly" motion sensor was either set off by our 17 pound dog, or by temperature fluctuations as the air conditioner turned on and off.  The police gave us a warning saying we'd get fined if this happened a couple more times.I repositioned the motion sensor further from air conditioning ducts, and higher so the pet wouldn't trigger it, but once again we got another false alarm.  I told the monitoring company not to dispatch the police even though I wasn't 100% sure we didn't have a break in.  When I got home, it was obviously another false alarm.  We had a couple more false alarms even though I kept moving the motion detector to try to prevent false triggers.  False alarms from the motion detector were the final deal breaker for me.Pros:1. Easy to set up2. relatively inexpensive3. low cost monitoring4. good customer support: returned system with 60 day window with no questions asked.Cons:1. Too many false alarms from motion detectors2. Keypad screen small and difficult to read.3. Door and Window sensors too large and obtrusive, and toy like4. to get full smartphone ability, you have to subscribe to the most expensive monitoring plan5. Keychain remote too big and cap will fall off.6. overall cheapness of hardware:  it all looks and feels toy like.7. Keypad powered by AA batteries instead of ac power.