I had wanted something that detected rf signals for fun to play around with.  I did not want to spend several hundred dollars on a detector.  This was exactly what I was looking for.  It's inexpensive, works, and is fun to play with.First, camera detection.  It shows cameras that are pointing at the detector as a bright pinpoint of light.  It worked on my cell phone, webcam, and 3ds cameras which were all pinhole types.  I did not have any other kinds to test on it.  One thing to note, it's viewable from across a room but it's not an incredibly bright light.  You may not notice it if you're looking for a hidden camera and it's surrounded by reflective surfaces. This was an extra feature I wasn't looking for in an rf detector but I love it.  Just this function itself could have sold it for me.For rf detection it works.  I've tested it on remote controls for remote control cars,  wireless video game controllers, my remote car lock/unlock thing, my cell phone, and my wireless router and it can detect them all. It's detection range is short though, about a foot.  This may be due to background noise or that just might be the range of the detector.  It only detects signals being sent, so it won't detect a phone until it tries to make a call.  It won't detect things like television remotes since they use ir instead of rf.  For the price I'm loving it.The instructions are in broken English.  You will only get a vague idea of what to do with it.  I did not see that as an issue since it's fairly simple and strait forward and I do not normally read instructions.  I did read this however since several other posts had mentioned it. You got a power switch that can select between mute/vibrate and unmute/tone.  A button for the forward LED's for the camera detector.  Push the button and you can see the LEDs light up and you look through the glass lens part.  And finally a sensitivity adjustment on the side.  If it were more complicated then a lack of clear instructions would be a huge issue, but as it is I had no problems.The compass is a cheap addition.  It really would have been better with no compass at all.  It does not align itself north.  When you go into a camping section and look at an array of compasses and there's the fifty cent ones in a bin at the end where you assume several are only pointing north because some have to point that way out of pure chance that would be the compass this has.  I do have to say to it's credit it does point to magnets that are close, but relying on it in the woods would be asking to get lost.For one last note, on the LED button it is labeled laser.  I'm going to chalk this one up to poor translation.Would I use this if I ever thought someone put hidden cameras or other things in my house?  It would work, though for something like that I'd actually fork out the money for a higher quality detector.Overall I love this.  It works.  It has an extra part that also works and is a joy to mess with.  The issues are minor enough that I can overlook them for the price.  Especially in comparison to other items that cost hundreds.