I haven't read any of the other reviews here - The following is my appraisal of the product after using it over a month now at a remote location, together with two 700e outdoor remotes.  This is not a full product review; it's just a summary of some good and bad points that I have found.Overall I am quite pleased, but with some reservations.GOOD THINGS:* Reliable, so far. I installed it at a *very* remote location far from home; a place that actually has DSL but is too far for me to reach more than a couple times a year, and is not accessible to others.  Thus I need total reliability.  So far, so good.  All 3 cameras worked right out of the box and are still working in a harsh environment.  The location is not quite as far away as Mars is for NASA, but still very hard to reach thus total reliability is a must.* Video quality is quite good.  I can easily make out all of the detail I require, and enjoy seeing deer/elk/gophers/birds etc running around on my remote property.  I have used (and discarded) several cheaper cameras with low resolution (640 x 480 for example), and these are SO much better!  Even viewing live over slow (256K) DSL upload I can clearly see what is going on.* Alerts are effective and do a good job capturing action.  Judging by the results, the camera is actually recording all the time, but only saves video for a period that starts just *before* something triggers an alert (i.e. motion detected inside one or more of the alert boxes you defined) and then runs until some time after the alert action ends.  This is a great feature because you don't miss the beginning of whatever triggered the alert.  I had some cheaper units that didn't do this, and they were of little value.  Also the alert triggering is quite reliable; again compared to some cheaper units that had many false triggers and many failures to trigger.* You can easily view your live cameras and recordings from a remote location over the internet with virtually no networking hassles at all on either end, which I think is almost a miracle.  In other words, you don't need to open any ports on your router or modem, and it all just works.  Wonderful!* You don't actually need a PC at the remote location at all because Logitech's software allows each camera to be accessed remotely over the internet (but I did anyway - see below).NOT SO GOOD:* As far as I can tell, when you are viewing a live picture you can take a snapshot any time you want, but you cannot manually start or stop taking a video.  I really wanted to do this several times to capture some action that had not triggered an alert, but the only way to have the camera record video is to have an alert defined.* There is no webcam capability, thus you cannot share your live video or snapshots with anyone else.  This really is a surveillance system thus apparently not intended to provide webcam capability, thus I can live without this but it would have been nice.* Although you can view your live cameras and recordings remotely as mentioned above, if you want to add the capability to *manage* your cameras (set or change alerts, turn sound on/off, turn night vision on/off, etc), you need to purchase an annual subscription to Logitech's Web Commander, which I reluctantly did.  Alternatively, if you do have a PC at the remote location, you can install Logitech's Alert Commander on it to perform those functions, and then access it using a free product like TeamViewer.  I chose to do both as insurance against failure, and am glad that I did. See next item.* Access to your cameras via the internet is done via Logitech's servers.  This makes setup and management easy, but - they don't always seem to be available.  As I write this, I can't access my remote cameras through Logitech, which is very disconcerting!!!!  But I know they are working, because I can access my remote PC via TeamViewer and see the camera output on Logitech Alert Commander which is running on the remote PC.  So why not just use Alert Commander all the time?  In my case (over very slow DSL), the picture quality via TeamViewer is really low - far too low to be useful.  But it does give me another way of knowing whether my cameras/phone line/DSL service/electric power are all working.  I also have an answering machine at the remote location that I can call to verify phone & power.* Every so often while trying to access a remote camera view Logitech Web Commander, the camera will give an error saying that the camera is "offline", which is very alarming.  Logitech's software then also asks you if you want to "remove the camera" which is just crazy.  Fortunately, every offline incident has resolved itself.  My guess is that if you try to view live video from a camera that is currently capturing video that was triggered by an alert, it reports itself as being offline because it can't handle too many things at once.Despite the foregoing comments, I still think this is a nice surveillance system and I am glad I got it.  In fact, I am planning to add a few more cameras, including some at a 2nd location.  And someday maybe Logitech will make a version that I can drive remotely, like NASA's Curiosity on Mars.  :-)