I received my new Foscam cameras (I bought two) and surprisingly many features didn't work out of the box. To figure out some basic features I had to spend 2.5 days which could have been done in just few minutes if I had known the tweaking procedure. Ok don't lose your heart if nothing worked. I suffered 2.5 days to figure out some basic functionalities which should have worked right out of the box. This is my first product review and want to help others. Just try this if one or more features didn't work for you. I know it will work because both my cameras didn't work.Wireless setup:1) Plug the Camera with power and ethernet cable.2) Reset the Camera to factory default.3) Set static IP address at "Basic Network Settings" page.4) Set your router to Wireless security "NONE" (from WEP, WPA, WPA2). If you have DDWRT firmware, create a new Vlan SSID with wireless security "NONE" instead of messing with existing SSID.5) Go to "Wireless Lan Settings" page on the camera. Click "Scan" (and nothing will show up). Wait for a minute or two. Click "Scan" again and you should see all your routers listed there.6) Now select the SSID and submit.7) While it is restarting, pull the ethernet cable out of the camera and it should be connected wirelessly to your router.8) Now hurray your camera should work wirlessly.9) Now set your router back to whatever wireless security you want. If DDWRT, just delete the newly created VLAN SSID.10) Now go back to Wireless page and follow above steps 3, 4, 5. Make sure you entered the security key.11) Now it should connect wirelessly with security.Audio setup:1) There is nothing to setup for audio other than logging in to your camera page and select "Visitor" and then you should see in the bottom left all your cameras listed.2) Go to camera number (1, 2 , 3...) and Click "Speaker" button for camera audio and "Mic" button for you to speak to camera.Gmail (Email) setup:1) Go to "Mail Service Settings" page. Enter the following.2) Sender = yourgmailusername@gmail.com3) Receiver 1 = yourOthergmailusername@gmail.com4) SMTP Server = gmail-smtp-in.l.google.com5) SMTP Port = 256) Need Authentication = Unchecked7) click SubmitPros:1) Amazing technology for very low price.2) Tilt/Pan3) IR mode is surpisingly awesome without any light coming out of the camera4) Allows me to save pictures and videos to my NAS drive directly. (But this has to be set on every computer I opened the browser)5) Android/iPhone mobile capability (Thanks to the amazing apps too)Cons:1) Video option is missing without the browser open.2) Audio option is not default and had to select very time.3) Web browser login doesn't have remember to computer feature. (Problem is every time we had to login to browser)4) Wireless, Gmail didn't work out of the box. (But follow my fix above)5) Need NAS application for DLINK DNS-32X to directly pull the video and constantly running instead of opening the browser everytime.In spite of the problems faced I want to thank FOSCAM for their amazing product. I gave 5 stars just for the features. They should come up with better solutions for the problems faced by their customers.