It does exactly what I wanted it too.  I wanted a camera that would email pictures and video when someone walked by in front of the camera. And I also wanted to be able to watch the live feed when away from home.  It is important to get the email with the file rather then it storing it only locally.  What happens if a burglar spots the camera and smashes it up or takes it with them.  The SD card in the camera or a dvr on a desk somewhere will be useless if they take it or break it. You will at least have the emails with the files that were uploaded right as he walked up to the camera. So far it has worked flawlessly.  It has some very handy features, for example you can set the motion detection area.  Currently I have my camera mounted right above my front door.  I do not want it to send me emails if the bushes in front of the house move in the wind and set off the motion sensor. All you have to do is go the the motion detection setup screen.  It gives you a screen shot of what the camera "sees" then you draw on that screen shot any size box or more then one box in the areas you want to monitor for motion.  Then the camera will only record motion that takes place in those defined areas of the view.  It's pretty cool, so I just drew a box over the sidewalk leading straight up to my door and now only when a person walks on the side walk will it trigger the motion detection. While we were away for the holidays I moved the camera inside so we could monitor our dogs and make sure the dog sitter was coming on time, etc.  Plus with the live feed we could check in on them any time. This is when I noticed the only minor draw back.  Compared to our baby monitor camera this camera has a very narrow field of view. This is not a problem when mounted right by the front door but if you want to use it to monitor a very large indoor room you will not get to see as much of that room as you would expect.  The power cord is longer then the one on our baby monitor so that helps you get it up high on the wall so you can kind of get a downward looking view of the room so you can maximize the narrow field of view. All in all I like it very much and will probably get another one. I've logged into the camera on the laptop, phone, and kindle, all with no problems.  Another thing to mention is two way audio, the camera supports two way audio if you use a separate speaker. There is a little headphone jack on the back. I plugged in my computer speakers to that jack when first playing around with it and it does work. It's just odd they didn't put a small built in speaker instead of the jack.  So if you must have two way audio it is possible with an external speaker.  I have only a small 2 gb microsd card in it and the file sizes are so small (even when the setting or on the highest quality) it has plenty of storage room.  In the 10 days we were gone with the dogs setting off the motion sensor many many times a day and recording short video clips of them it barely took up any space.