After combing the internet for DIY home security systems, I came across SimpliSafe.  I just installed and tested the unit, and am so enthusiastic about it I notified my siblings about it.  Now, I'm writing about it here, hoping to spread the word and support this great company.Installing SimpliSafe is a piece of cake, and even fun.  No knowledge of electronics is needed.  There are no wires to hide or worry about.  Directions are straightforward and complete.  There is a great website and call-in service if you do have questions or problems, which seems unlikely.The components are "stick on" but are designed so you can remove them easily without damaging paint, walls or woodwork.  The tape itself is very strong, but in the remote case you have any doubts, you can screw the components on . . . but you won't want to.  All components are of obviously high quality, and are neither large nor ostentatious.  They can even be painted if you want them to fit in with your decor.The system is totally wireless.  The available window sensors, panic buttons, and motion detectors have long-life batteries and are linked to a keypad and a separate base unit that connects via satellite to a (peopled) dispatch center.  You will not need to "hard wire" anything.  Although you have the option to do so, you will not need to connect the base unit to your telephone line.  If a prospective burglar cuts your phone line you will still be protected.  That alone is one reason why you should consider this system.The cost of the system is quite low considering the intelligent design and quality of it, and you can add components easily and cheaply.  (I had initially thought to cobble together my own home security system, but was shocked when I saw how costly the parts would be.)  You may get a break on your homeowner's insurance having it installed, saving you money.  By the way, you -own- this system, don't rent it, and it is portable.  If you move around, you take SimpliSafe with you.In the event that someone trips a sensor accidentally, you can easily stop the system from notifying the (optional) dispatch service.  On the other hand, if someone breaks into your abode and trips the alarm, the dispatch service will first try to reach you by phone, and failing that, will call the police.  This is standard practice for burglar alarms, I understand, but if you elect to use the dispatch service it will only cost you $15.00 per month, and there is no contract to sign.  Many companies (ADT, Brinks, etc.) make you sign a contract, then soak you at a high monthly rate.  Not SimpliSafe.I should mention the matter of pets and motion detectors.  This was a big concern for me and my wife, for we have seven cats that just love to jump on furniture, run around, cavort, etc., and we thought they surely would trigger false alarms.  Not so.  Thoughtful placement of motion detectors obviated that concern.  If you have a St. Bernard or Great Dane it might be another story, but the folks at SimpliSafe have work-arounds for such situations.  By the way, the motion detectors cannot be easily defeated by people.  I have tried to do so myself and have failed.I have been very positively impressed by the folks who own and operate SimpliSafe.  One of the primaries responded to an e-mail I sent him on a Sunday afternoon, and my posts to the company website have similarly been answered quite promptly.  Incidentally, if anything goes wrong with your system, I understand you can return it within 60 days.  I know I will not be doing that.If there is a "downside" to SimpliSafe, it is that the sensors are currently limited to door/window entry, panic, and motion detection.  The alarm itself is 85 decibels and goes off within your premises, is certainly loud but not ear-shattering.  It seems management is working on a louder alarm, but I would like to see glass-break sensors and a weather proof, external alarm.  Still, for the price you will pay, this system is well worth it, and provides exceedingly good home security for most purposes.Update:  March 1, 2012.  Since writing this review some time ago, I am pleased to note that Simplisafe has added different types of sensors to its list of options and that it is developing glass-break and smoke detectors.  Loud outdoor sirens are also available.  And, internet/cell access to your system has been added, along with a beefed-up central unit.  Monitoring fees remain low, depending upon the options you elect.  Whenever I am out of town and leave my home, I feel exceedingly secure knowing that the Simplisafe system is in place.Update:  March 31, 2013.  I remain very enthusiastic about my Simplisafe system.  The company continues to grow, but customer service remains excellent, and more products are in the pipeline.  I just purchased a smoke detector for my home, and glass break detectors are under development.  Carbon monoxide, water, and freeze detectors are available at this time.  By the way, the batteries literally last for years without needing replacement.