After many trial and errors with cameras, I ended up spending the extra money and getting these. Boy they didn't disappoint!Setup isn't difficult, but requires at least SOME technical knowledge. Firmware upgrades are needed immediately, and you must email support to get those updates. Support is FANTASTIC with this company, despite their being in China. Usually 1-2 hours maximum to get detailed replies back. Very friendly. info@trivisiontech.com usually respond immediately, and if you email them ask for the firmware and they will email back the firmware with detailed instructions.After the firmware is updated you are ready to install them. First, some important facts;1) The cameras are IP66+ rated. Which means you can submerse them in water. They are resistant to dust, dirt, blunt force, and water. Essentially these are full military grade cameras. You do not have to be concerned where you  mount them, unlike most other cameras.2) Mounts are STURDY.. Very thick steel, able to sustain a lot of force if necessary. Unlike most flimsy camera mounts!3) Top camera shield is steel, and sits above the camera buffered by rubber knobs.4) Camera has 'seals' for all openings, including rubber plugs for screw holes!5) Camera has 'several' mounting areas underneath, so you can adjust how/where the mounting post screws in. This is a superb feature missing from most cameras.6) Camera comes with a 6db antenna, very good, and capable of incredible range, even through walls. Most cameras come with 1-3db antennas - for the record.7) SD card is mounted inside of camera - you need to unscrew the camera mousing.8) Camera junction box is sealed, mountable outside, and has romex attachments for direct home wiring, or power supply attachments!9) Night vision is STRONG, but fairly low spread, keep this in mind. It can see effectively out to almost 100 feet, but there isn't tremendous spread to the night vision.10) Camera defaults on 17.5 FPS, 1920x1080 high definition.11) TRUE high definition - and it's remarkable in quality! License place ID at over 40 feet!Some important things to consider;1) Software that this comes with is rubbish. Absolutely limited. You WILL need a third party software like Blue Iris to effectively utilize this powerful camera. Not a big deal!2) Included "Camera Live" software needs to be installed for true configuration, otherwise the cameras firmware overrides SOME settings in Blue Iris and other packages. For example 10FPS is really what you want, but the camera overrides Blue Iris. So you need to login to setup under Camera Live, and turn the camera down to 10FPS.To setup properly, you need to do the following;1) Connect camera directly to router/switch, and wall outlet.2) Load Camera Live, go into 'setup', and upgrade firmware with the firmware supplied by Trivision.3) Go into NETWORK aspect of Camera Live, setup Wireless to reach your network.4) Unplug everything, mount camera, plug it into power or direct wire with romex.5) Now load camera live, extra the IP address of camera, and adjust the 'settings' (such as lowering it to 10FPS)6) Install Blue Iris, it will find the camera (click plus sign).Now you are ready to go.  You can also enable P2P connection, and connect to your camera directly with the free software, and mobile apps (camera live). However this offers NO functionality for recording or anything else, but at least verifies it's all working. Now it's easy to add more cameras.There are cheaper cameras, but not cheaper with the level of resolution, night vision, durability, and configurability as this one. If you want a REAL camera, you pay $300+ for one. $100 cameras will get you frustrations, trust me on that!