I actually purchased this to use as a barn cam because I breed pygmy goats & going out every 30 minutes doesnt help my nerves any during kidding season which is already stressful lol. I bought this one specifically because of price & good ratings. My current kidding area is probably less than 100ft from house & the cam is attached to the wooden framing inside.Overall im very pleased. Working it along with set up, & installation was easy once I found the area I wanted the cam & marked the points where the screws were to be (it says in the manual. I think its like 5cm apart). One screw was a bit off, but I just hammered it even no issue.Signal is pretty fair considering I keep the monitor either in my kitchen (middle of my house) or the opposite end of my home from the barn. Depending on where I place the monitor it either gets great or OK signal, but it does lose it here & there, but 90% of the time corrects its self shortly after. To remedy the obnoxious lost signal beeping I set the volume to 3 or 4 so I cant still here anything important but the beeping is less noticeable. You also get used to it after a while. If the signal doesnt come back I either readjust the monitor or if that doesnt work I switch it through cams & go back to one & it works. A good thing is that when it does lose it you can still hear some sound if it detects any. I cant picture this losing signal from one room to another.Even though this is made of cheapy feeling plastic its a tough little thing. Ive had dogs' tails catch the charging wire & have had it crash to the floor multiple times. One time it landed smack in the dogs' water dish, which has since been moved, & after a night in the rice in a warm place its still works great (after removing all bits of rice that made inside of course). Recently my mother has dropped it & snapped off the antena...twice xP. After a good round of super glue its good as new. One thing I did note is that even withought the plastic antena cap the wire inside didnt seem to need the plastic piece, but I reattached it anyway ;).Infrared works great & the light adjusting really helps! My issue with this is that I mounted the camera near a corner (cam view cant cover the entire stall which is at least 10x10 so I was aiming for the corner they were using the most) & because I put it a bit too far in the corner I turned the lense to the right. Well in daylight it works great but the IR doesnt go that angle so the bottom right corner gets blacked out at night. Of course after the cam was put in the goats started using the corner I couldnt see *hair pull*.There arent many things I would change but there are a few. I know its not intended for barn use, but I would have the screen view larger. Like I said the lense got maybe a 1/3 of that stall. I do plan to remedy this by getting the 3 other cams when I have the extra money, & ive extended my pens so the does get a new barn anyways (boys get the old one), & I will be adding screws in several places to mount the cams wherever works at the time. The new barn is 10x16 so getting better views should be easier. While the monitor stands up to abuse I would have it more water tight. Its not sealed at all & has open areas where you could stick a syringe or dropper easily. A spilt juice cup would have no issue getting fluid in. Considering this is for use around infants & toddlers you would think it would be more sealed!The last thing is BATTERY LIFE. It doesnt last long, which I knew, but it would ne nice if it didnt putter out every 3-4 hours if that. Thats actually why its kept in the kitchen a lot. I keep it plugged in so it doesnt go out, & I dont realize it. Outside I dont keep it on me because it isnt needed. Generally when I go out for lunch or whatever ill unplug it that way the battery doesnt totally caput, & I just turn it on & plug it back in when I get home.Overall im really pleased with this. I would recomend it, & I plan to get the extra cams & maybe back up batteries & an extra charger.