I did a ton of research debating the different outdoor IP cameras on the market, and end-up choosing this model.  I have 4 IP camera in and outside the home with motion detection setup on each using ftp to load images to a server.  I'll start with the bad, but since I gave this camera 5 stars the bad isn't actually that bad.  I'm the type of person who like to make sure the firmware is the latest version before I get started.  If you're like me you'll notice version 41 is the latest version on hootoo website, while version 49 is on the camera.  Don't attempt to put the old version 41 on.  If you try like me, you'll need to load the cd that comes with the camera to get the firmware back to a workable version (I couldn't find it online).  However, during this process I called HooToo (Sunvalleytek) office to see if they could help.  I was surprised to have someone immediately answer the phone and quickly get my issues resolved.  They even offered to RMA my product at no charge even though it was just a firmware update.  I've been so please with the company and the camera and company that I just ordered another.  Thanks to Winnie & Raymond at Sunvalleytek to give me the confidence in their company.  The other thing that made me hesitant about buying it was; it wasn't an amazon prime item.  I get spoiled with the 2 day shipping.  You'll be happy to know that Sunvalleytek sends their items USPS 2 day priority (that was a pleasant surprise).As far as the camera, I read reviews saying the camera is bigger than people expected.  I guess that made me expect something bigger.  The camera is 6" long and about 3" in diameter.  It's in an all metal housing with a 2ft pigtail where you plug in the network cable (if needed) and power.  It has a nice 6dbi antenna which give me great reception even outside the home (my router is in the basement).  It comes with a mount.  The mount can be used as a free stand on a shelf or used with the rotating arms mount on a wall.  The mount like the camera is all metal, and is actually very good.  It even came with it's own allen wrench to tighten.The picture is far superior to my other cameras.  The night vision has no troubles and is crystal clear.  I happy using this camera day or night.  The ftp, motion detection, and port forwarding all work as expected, and I can see my camera with very little setup from outside the home network.  Plus I never have any wireless connectivity issues.The setup:I thought not going with foscam was going to make the setup more difficult, but that wasn't the case.1) Plug the camera into power and network over CatV.2) Open the IPCam tool.  The great thing about the tool is it actually don't make you install it, very small exe to do what it needs to do.  This is just used to get/set the IP address.  If you look at your router you can also determine what IP your camera is using assuming your on the 192.168.1.x subnet mask.  I used this tool to set the static IP address.  I also used it to set a different port number so I can see it from outside my home network.3) Go to the IP address in your browser to finish the setup.4) This is where you add it to your wireless network.  One gotcha is I had to scan twice for any networks to show up.5) This should be it for a basic setup.  If you want to see you camera from outside you network make sure to setup your router with port forwarding.I will note on the ftp setup I kept trying to run the test to insure it was working and it kept failing.  I think the buttons are out of order, so make sure you "submit" before testing.Overall, good camera, good customer service, and a great price.  I don't know why I wait so long to buy my first camera from them.  At least I didn't hesitate before buying the second.