I think the First Alert Co615 carbon monoxide alarm is an excellent product.  I would have given it 5 stars instead of 4, except for the fresh-dating issue.I bought two of these carbon monoxide detectors from Amazon two years ago, in April, 2010.  I like the following features:- It is powered by plugging it in, with a battery backup.  So, it does not use the batteries much, but it will still operate if there is a power failure.  And the batteries are two AA's, so they are not expensive.- No false alarms.  I don't want to lose a night's sleep for no reason!- The batteries are not depleted as long as the unit has AC power.  In two years, there is no noticeable drop in battery voltage.  Therefore, I am not awakened by low-battery warnings, like the purchasers of some other brands.- Digital readout.  You can press the button and see the reading at any time.  Mine have always been zero; if I saw anything else, I would look for furnace, water heater, stove, or other appliance malfunctions.  Some people have complained that it does not display the reading constantly, without pressing a button; I suspect this would drain the batteries more quickly in case of a power outage.- Detachable plug with extension cord.  You can plug in the unit at ground level and install it much higher, so you can read it easily, and also have the unit sense readings higher off the ground.  (Carbon monoxide is just slightly lighter than air.)I decided to purchase a third detector from Amazon.  But when I put in the search criteria "Co615" with an "All Departments" search, a little note was displayed with a date of "May 2, 2007".  I e-mailed Amazon customer service to find out if this was the date of manufacture, and they confirmed it was.  This date is unacceptable.  The detectors have chemical components that deteriorate over time, even if the unit is not turned on, and this date is FIVE YEARS AGO.  I decided to purchase my third unit from First Alert directly in order to get a fresher unit.  If I had received an older unit, it still would have been warranted by First Alert for seven years from date of purchase.  However, I did not want to buy an item that had an increased chance of failing prematurely.I think both First Alert and Amazon can do better on the fresh-dating issue.  First Alert should put the date of manufacture where it can be seen without opening the package.  Right now, it is only on the unit, and you have to open the package and remove the plug to see it.Amazon only displays the mysterious date (which happens to be the manufacture date) on the "All Departments" search result screen. It does not appear in the detailed description of the item.  It also does not appear if you search within a particular department, like "Tools and Home Improvement".  This date is important, and it should not appear only intermittently and without explanation.