ORIGINAL REVIEW 1/7/14:I bought this camera to be able to view the footage from my android phone.  I was able to set it up for viewing on my computer on my home network easily so I thought this was going to be a breeze to set up.  Well, I was dead wrong.  To set up the remote view (to view from an outside computer) you have to set up a static Ip address and do some port forwarding.  I can read directions, so I went to the forums to figure out how to do that.  Hours and days later, I was able to get it to work most of the time .  But the remote viewing on my Android still wasn't working.  But it was weird, because it would work sometimes (about 5%) and the rest of the time it said "Camera Feed Not Available."Then the remote viewing from a computer completely stopped working. So I emailed customer service, and he was very timely in his responses.  But remember they are in Beijing so that adds another layer of difficulty.  He did some remote assistance and was able to get my remote viewing from another computer to work (he changed the port number).  However, he checked the settings on my android and said they were right. But it still didn't work but he had no further suggestions.  I downloaded multiple viewing apps thinking maybe that was the problem, but none of them work.  But remember, it worked a couple times on my phone, so I know the settings are correct. I've tried it on 3 different phones, both android and iphone.  It just simply does not work 95% + of the time.  Also, the night vision has not been working either.  So basically, this thing is worthless to me.  And I have wasted SO MUCH time trying to get it to work I am completely frustrated and decided to call it a loss and find something better.If you are just looking for a camera just to view from inside your home network, this may be ok for you because that part was easy to set up.  And as long as the night vision doesn't go out like it did on mine, you may be ok.  But if you want remote mobile viewing I would stay far, far away from this one!UPDATE 1/27/14:My rating has changed from a 1 star to a 3 star. I increased my rating because I was finally able to get it to work correctly after hours and hours of trial and error and help from a third party product. I can only give the actual product a 3 star because the built-in DDNS didn't work. The process of setting it up and the support gets 0 stars.  I was determined to get this thing to work with my mobile view (I had so much time invested, it was getting personal, lol).  I knew that since it worked about 5% of the time, that the camera was capable.  I had a feeling the entire time that it was a problem with the DDNS (the website you use to log on from a remote device). I asked the support person if this could be the case, but they kept telling me no, that everything was fine since they were able to connect to the DDNS from China. Well, they may be able to connect from China, but I couldn't here in the US.  So I decided to do some research on DDNS (I'm not a technical expert and have never dealt with this before).  I found some instructions on the foscam website (they make a very similar camera) on how to set up an external DDNS instead of using the one built into the camera.  I used No-ip, and low and behold, it worked!!! Now I can view from my android and it works 100% of the time. I was so excited (literally hooting and hollering in my living room) that after months and months I finally got it to work.  So if anyone is having the same problem as I am, try no-ip.com and click on DNS. You'll then have to go into your camera settings and uncheck the built-in DDNS and fill in the info for the third-party DDNS. It wasn't too complicated to set up.  You'll be glad you did!  Or better yet, just return it and get another one, hopefully you'll get lucky the second time and get one with a properly functioning built-in DDNS.  But the bottom line is, the built-in DDNS is faulty on some of the cameras and doesn't allow you to connect remotely, and the support team should have known that.  I'm so mad that I spent so many hours on this and it was a somewhat easy fix.  Hopefully this will save someone out there about 40 hours of pain.