Upon moving in to my family's first new home in a beautiful, upscale and secure suburban neighborhood - a "safe" neighborhood - I knew that these are the types of homes that burglars target.  I needed an alarm system, but wasn't interested in spending a lot of money.  On the same hand, I wasn't going to buy junk.  I wanted a quality system.I also didn't want to drill holes in my walls, or pay for installation. I certainly wasn't going to sign any contracts. I researched and found a few wireless alarm systems and companies and began reading reviews and watching videos on YouTube.It seemed that if everything people were saying was true, SimpliSafe was the easy to install, convenient, quality system at the best price for the quality, (I think there was one or two a few bucks cheaper, but they seem to be low quality junk) and looking at SimplieSafe's Facebook page (which I always do before I choose a new company to do business with) it seemed like their service after the sale was good. That's very important to me. For the majority of my professional career I have led and managed customer service teams in various environments and can be highly critical of service organizations.  I know what great customer service looks like, so I can easily spot it when it's not there.Well, it turns out that SimpliSafe truly was everything I hoped it to be.  The system was priced really well.  I needed 8 door and window sensors and a couple of motion sensors and got a great deal.  I even got an extra keyfob to arm and disarm from my keychain. All at a great price.  Installing the entire system, every door and window sensor and doing the setup took less than 30 minutes and everything works flawlessly.  It is feature rich and high quality, but also very very simple to use. I feel secure when I am away, knowing that the extra loud siren which I also purchased is enough to scare off any intruder, and feel equally secure when I go to bed at night knowing if anyone tried to enter through my homes multiple points of entry, I'll know right away and more importantly - they'll know I know, and be gone.I've had to ask some questions of their service team a couple of times since purchase and had my questions answered cheerfully and quickly each time.I also like how, since their monitoring is "no contract", that I can turn it on if I ever choose, and then turn if off the next month if need be.  I don't feel as though I have a need for monitoring.  Maybe if I was in a higher crime neighborhood I would, but regardless I don't.  That being said, I like that if we are going on a week or two vacation in the summer, I can turn the monitoring on, and the next month turn it off if I want just like that.  Not to mention that the monitoring price is about the lowest in the industry and the reviews I've read of that particular service tell me all I need to know - they get the job done, notifying emergency services when appropriate - and at the end of the day, that's all that matters.All in all, I would recommend this system to anyone in the market for home security.  When it comes to a particular service, product, or company I ask this question: "Would I recommend it to my mother."  With SimpliSafe, I wouldn't hesitate.