Setting up this camera was relatively simple and straight forward. I followed the instructions on the manual and in about 1o minutes, it was set. First, I had to get the camera connected to my home network, and second I had to make "mydlink.com" account. The setup was straight forward browser-based, so it was not too difficult to follow. Also, creating "mydlink.com" account was quick and easy. This is my first IP camera in my home, and I have been interested in other brands as well. One thing I realized: unless I am tech-savvy, it might not have been as easy to set the camera without the dedicated software. Alternatively, I have been using iCam (on iOS) with a webcam that's connected to my Mac. The problem is that this requires my computer on all the times. IP cameras solve this and save some power. However, I realized not all the IP cams come with their own nice software. There are also 3rd party softwares I can use, but that's an extra expense. Now with this "mydlink",  it's simple to use, and it's and free . It works pretty well on my iPhones and iPad (iPad version is not free, I just use iPhone version). I do not need to configure IP address or port forwarding stuff; I just need to login using my email address and enter the password I created. Pan and tilt control is not super responsive, but it works fine on my phone and my laptop. Other features such as night vision, sound/motion detection, and wifi extender are quite nice too. Night vision mode shows clearer and brighter images than the regular baby monitor I have. I also like that I can switch the mode manually if I want (on my phone). With motion detection, I first had trouble figuring out how to set up because I didn't want to install Java on my Mac. But once Java's installed,  motion detection worked nicely. I had two options for the motion detection to work: setting up email client or ftp client. I chose email setup by creating a new Gmail account. Motion detection is my favorite feature from this camera and works like a charm. As soon as motion detected in the area I chose, I got emails immediately frame by frame. The nice thing is that setting the sound/motion detection has much flexibility such as scheduling, number of frames,  and even a length of the video clip to be notified. I wish the iPhone app had push notification with ability to view motion detected images and videos instead emailing, but emailing works flawlessly, nonetheless. Also, I wish I didn't have to install Java on my Mac. I uninstalled Java right after activating the area for motion detection anyway, and the motion detection still works fine.Overall, this IP camera has been working fantastic without any issues almost a month of usage. The wifi reception and range is pretty good along with a extender capability. Although image resolution is not HD quality (HD version is more $$),  it still shows clear and bright images. I do not mind manual focus ring because auto focus on IP cam is not always necessary. Also, remote viewing with the app is just wonderful. I have never lost connection when viewing live streaming on the app with verizon 3G and LTE.My other thought not related to this particular IP cam, but any ip cameras : Some days before I got this IP camera, I stumbled upon a news report about home invasion in Millburn, NJ caught on a nanny cam. The news report with Youtube video showed very a graphic, brutal, and violent attack. It was hard to watch, especially knowing that the female victim's 3 year old daughter was watching the whole thing. Luckily, the daughter did not get hurt and also they had one of the IP camera hidden and recorded the brutal violence by the suspect. Then a couple of weeks later, the suspect was arrested, and I believe that the little nanny cam contributed to the possibility of the arrest. What happened was very sad and upsetting. Having a nanny cam may not prevent the invasion or any other kind of burglary, but the crucial video evidence will be powerful enough to bring the justice., which gives me peace of mind.