I purchased this QS558 DVR a week ago, based on a balanced approach between cost and other user reviews. I have it set to record only upon motion detection. After a week of use on D1 quality, the major problem is the "advanced motion detection" capability:When in D1 quality mode, even though no motion is happening in the field of view of the camera(s), the DVR still records...non-stop....So at this point you might be thinking 'Oh silly, maybe you just have the sensitivity too high and something triggers DVR to record (like a bird, shadows, etc..etc...). Well let me elaborate further:In normal view, there is a little red guy/red dot that appears in the lower left corner of the camera(s) when motion is detected and recording starts. This way you can tell if the system is recording/not-recording. I noticed these symbols on the screen even though nothing was moving in the frame of view of the camera. So I investigated further....In the settings section, under the AREA column, you can mask areas of the camera view where you don't want motion detection to be seen/activated. When setting this feature, the entire camera view is shown on the display, overlaid with GREEN boxes/grid. When the boxes are green, no motion is detected. When some boxes turn RED, then those boxes detected motion. Under normal operation, when something moves, the boxes enclosing that movement turn RED, whereas the others stay GREEEN.My problem is that sometimes the entire screen is filled with RED boxes, even though nothing is moving on the screen (shadows, wind/trees, etc...). This in turn records on the hard drive, until it no longer "sees motion" aka the boxes are green and the sensitivity level is matched. Adjusting the sensitivity doesn't fix this...it just seems to get randomly STUCK in this mode, where it records non-stop for no reason. Even though there is no motion detected, all the boxes are red, therefore triggering non-stop recording.When it does work properly, it detects motion (based on the sensitivity level you set) and starts recording for the amount of time you set it. If no motion is detected, it does not record...seems straightforward enough.I just don't understand what is going on... I have the latest firmware/updates uploaded on the DVR. I tried a reset (load default settings), power cycles, played with sensitivity levels. I lowered the recording quality to CIF and that seemed to help, but then what's the point of advertising this DVR as full D1 with advanced motion detection when it doesn't work properly on D1 ??UPDATE #1:  April 2, 2013:  I contacted Q-See technical support and they are giving me the basic troubleshooting steps (sensitivity level, firmware, etc...). The only way the DVR records properly during motion is if you put the system in CIF quality mode. Obviously there is a problem between D1 quality and motion detection. I hope they will release a firmware update SOON!!! I also posted another picture to show you the motion detection software when the DVR is in CIF mode and D1 mode...UPDATE #2:  April 2, 2013: Q-See told me that their Software Development team is aware of this issue and are trying to come up with a fix. Hopefully they will have a firmware update out in a few weeks...UPDATE #3:  April 4, 2013:  While Q-see is working on this issue, I tried to play around with some settings, see if perhaps something might help (besides CIF quality mode). I noticed that when in D1 mode and the DVR is set to auto-maintain every day (from the Maintenance section), it records in D1 only when motion is detected. But, occasionally, it records non-stop, even though no motion is detected. This has nothing to do with sensitivity level because all the motion detection boxes/grid on the screen go RED when the problem starts. This D1 -- motion detection problem is highly inconsistent and random... I am worried that Q-See will no be able to properly re-create this problem and they will claim that it's just my imagination, improper sensitivity level, etc..etc..etc...  :(