The Defender AL101 has two components, a battery powered wireless transmitter and a base unit which plugs into the wall via a wired power brick. Once the two units have been paired, you have a choice between low and high sensitivity. This is chosen on the remote device before the battery cover is applied. You therefore will need to test the unit in the desired location before closing things up and mounting the remote. The instructions were acceptable.The base unit is configured to work with up to three remotes. It remains paired with the chosen remote even when turned off and on again. However, it does not remember which remotes you've chosen to use through a duty cycle. That is, let's say you have two remotes but only want the base unit to alert you for Remote #1. Perhaps Remote #2 will only be used on certain occasions. You set the unit to alert only for Remote #1, turn the unit off, then on again, and now it is alerting you for both remotes - once again you have to set the unit to Remote #1; this isn't a big deal - just something you need to remember to do.The alert itself is a rather harsh beeping sound. Really, in today's digital audio world, a less harshly charactered beep would be nice as an alternative. While there's a volume dial on one side, I found it to be of little help. Either it's doing nothing at all, or the range of control is minimal. I can't tell. There's a lighting mute switch on the side. All it does is turn off the green LED's that indicate which Remote/s will lead to an alert. The bright blue LED in the center that indicates whether the unit is on stays lit even when the green LEDs are turned off.The remote does not work through glass. I was hopeful that I could mount it in the window near my front door, but that wouldn't work. The unit is water resistant but not waterproof, so mounted outside it will eventually suffer from the exposure. Luckily, I have an overhang that allows for exterior mounting. In my case the unit is set up to alert me if anyone approaches the door. It has done so without fail, with the wireless transmitter successfully reaching my base station through two feet of solid granite and then fifty more feet to the base unit. It's a nice way of knowing if a package has been delivered or if the mail has arrived, as delivery folks don't usually ring the bell.There are some obvious issues if you aim it in such a way that it might see movement from bushes and trees, or if the neighbor's cat walks by. This is a sensitivity issue as well as an aiming issue, so be prepared to realign the unit after you've had a few days of observation as to what works and doesn't work. All necessary mounting hardware is included as are the four AA batteries necessary for the wireless remote.I'm pleased with the overall function but would like to see some improvements:1) the lighting switch on the base unit should turn off the green LEDs and dim the center blue LED.2) the volume knob and related circuitry needs improved specification. Determining the volume setting should not require the alarm to be going off, as it does now. That is, moving the volume knob itself should generate a tone so that you quickly know what the actual alarm volume will be.3) the sensitivity of the remote should be able to be set from the base unit.4) there should be some optional alert tones - something more doorbell-like than a klaxon would be nice.