While the Lorex LW2110 Wireless Digital Security Camera is probably not something that you're going to see used in a high class department store, it's still a really good camera that can be used at home or in a small business.The materials that come in the box include the following: the camera, a mounting stand, some screws, the receiver, a BNC/RCA adapter, 2 power adapters (plug ins), a BNC male/female extension cable, and a power splitter (only to be used with a 2 pack, which this is not).  Once I had everything out of the box and spread out, it was relatively easy to figure out what went where.The camera being attached to the mounting stand is probably the most difficult part, considering that you have to partially take the stand apart to be able to twist the camera on.  You are then able to screw the mounting stand to wall and adjust the angle of how the camera points.  After you finish that, you can attach the camera's wire to the wall plug in and plug it into the wall.  This completes the camera portion of the installation.Next is the receiver.  To start, you must attach the BNC/RNA adapter to the receiver; however, since just attaching the adapter probably won't give you the length you will need to be able to plug into the wall AND television, you will probably want to first use the BNC extension cable.  This requires you to simply pop one end onto the receiver and connect the other end to the BNC/RNA adapter.  Then you plug the adapter into the video output location on your TV (it should be a yellow circle).  You can then attach the receiver to the plug in and get electricity going to the receiver which should obviously be connected to the TV.It may all sound very complicated with all of the technical names, but it's actually really quite simple.  I'm usually not that handy with these types of installations, but this one was a breeze!Once you complete both installations, everything should be working.  Your TV should be showing the image of what the camera is pointing at.  Do remember that you'll want your TV on the same component that you would watch your VCR/DVD player on, though.  If it still isn't working, the manual has a good troubleshooting section that you can refer to.The picture is definitely not HD once on the TV, but it's still quite clear for a security camera.  Movement is somewhat choppier than a video camera, but I was pleasantly surprised at how well the security camera picked up movements.When it is placed in a dark environment or a light goes off where it had been a lit environment, the camera automatically clicks into night vision, which is a black and white type of view.  Everything is still very visible and movement was still picked up rather well.The receiver should work about 400-450 feet in an open location and about 100-150 feet in a location with blockage such as walls.  When I tried to bring the camera about 130-140 feet outside my home, the receiver wouldn't pick up a signal, probably because it was going through about 3 walls to try to get the camera's image; so obviously, the more walls it goes through, the fewer feet away you'll be able to place the camera from the receiver.  If this is hugely disappointment, then know that there is a way to strengthen the receiver by buying a type of kit, which is explained in the manual.As far as I can tell, the camera is not able to record what it is broadcasting, so if you're looking for something that does, this security camera isn't for you.This camera is definitely a really good security camera as long as you're going to monitor it on your TV.  I do wish the signal strength was a little bit better and that it ran on a battery instead of having to plug into a wall, but overall, I'm quite satisfied with it.