My use of this system so far has admittedly been just a little silly. I'm not ready just yet to fully install it (partly because I wanted to have a sense of how well it works before I start drilling holes in walls that can't be un-drilled as part of installing it), but I decided to hook up a couple of cameras so that I could get on with testing it. I've been having fun using it to monitor a robin's nest on the back of the house.It's been a really good way for me to get a sense of how well I could follow what was happening in front of the camera, how well the night vision works, and to test other features like alarms. I was actually able to go into the system's software and designate the area around the nest itself as being of interest, and had the system beeping to alert me whenever the parents came back to the nest to feed their young without giving me false alarms when things moved elsewhere within the camera's view. (It was way more fun as a way of testing than sending someone else out to walk in front of the cameras for me!)The clarity of the images has really surprised me with how good it is. The colors can be a little off at times, but the clarity is nicer than I expected. You have the option to set the system to different resolutions. It also has the ability to be hooked to a computer monitor, along with 2 connection points designed to use a television as a display.Overall, I'm very impressed with it so far and I think that it's definitely worth the amount they're charging here. There are a few things that I took off a star for that are mainly interface issues. For example, in the menus in the system there are options available to be checked and unchecked that are not supported by this particular model. There's also plenty of room on many pages that they could have offered slightly more explanation in place of what options meant, rather than requiring you to switch back and forth between the system's interface and a PDF of the manual to figure out what you're doing (or whether you're even doing anything, in the case of the options that are meaningless for this particular version).These issues are pretty minor because they don't stop you from actually successfully doing anything with the system that you might want to do. They're just an avoidable annoyance that holds me back a from being entirely comfortable with giving it 5 stars for now.Some Edits for more detail:The network cable that comes with the system is Cat5e. If you're in doubt about whether this is good enough for the speed of your local network, you're almost definitely fine. Only networks where all of the components are very high speed will benefit from a Cat6 cable. Plan to order one if you happen to need that, though.I'm still disappointed in the quality of the documentation. The URL they point you to for networking information sends you to a 'we have reorganized our site, start from our main page' page. It wouldn't have taken much effort for them to move you to at least the support page (where you can easily get to networking information) instead of the main page of the site. There are a lot of little spots like that where things could be more polished.There's good news and bad news on the using-birds-for-testing front. The bad news is that, after I had been watching the babies frequently for more than a week (I got to like glancing over to see what they were up to on the nearby TV while I worked at the computer), they disappeared from their nest a couple of days before they were due to start learning to fly. The good news is that I was able to find out what happened, because the camera captured the entire thing. They were attacked by what appears to have been a rat snake. While it was distressing to lose them and to see the attack transpire on video (it was in the middle of the night, so it was caught on the night-vision mode), I guess that at least proves that you can use this system to find out who's responsible when something bad happens on your property.