I bought the camera for one reason: to keep an eye on my place while I'm at work.  We were notified of a slight increase in criminal activity in the area, and I have a lot of expensive things at my place.  I have insurance, but wanted to have something else keeping an eye on things while I was at work.  This camera seemed to offer everything I was looking for.  And yes, it does have a lot of cool features.  You can connect it wirelessly, so all it needs is power.  You can have it drop snapshots of camera activity out to an FTP share for later review.  You can even tilt and pan the camera using the web interface.  It features scheduled observation, so you can detect motion and snap shots during certain hours.  IR mode allows you to see even in dark rooms.  You can have it email you with any motion detected.  On paper it sounds like a dream.  Unfortunately, most of these features are a bit of a pain due to what I can only describe as clear, blatant oversights on the part of FOSCAM.First, the motion detection.  It's a cluster.  The problem is that what it sees as "motion" is not really motion all the time.  When I think motion I think of a physical object at a certain position ending up at a different position within one second of the previous position; in other words, if I took a ball and threw it, that's motion.  If I open blinds, the blinds move, but nothing else does.  The camera picks up light changes as motion.  That's irritating, because I have high windows where the sun will shine through trees, causing natural shadows that the camera can't seem to ignore.  Thus I get blasted with upwards of 100 or so emails, each containing about 10 shots, of nothing but light shifts.  There is a "Sensibility"(sic) setting in the camera which I can only assume should have been "Sensitivity", but dropping this down to even 1 doesn't seem to make a difference.Where that really becomes a problem is file storage.  Because it doesn't store video shots of detected motion and instead takes snapshots, your FTP share will fill up rather quickly with individual, false hits.  I suppose there's nothing that can be done about this, but it's extremely frustrating that the camera cannot apparently determine three-dimensional objects vs. light shifts.  I just deleted over 7,000 JPGs.Randomly, the camera will just lockup and require unplugging to get it back up and running.  Then it needs to go through its axial calibration again and you will lose some of your settings.  No real explanation for this, it will just stop responding.The web interface offered does let you pan and tilt the camera.  It also lets you enable or disable IR mode; of course, during the day IR mode is somewhat pointless, but you can do it.  The problem with the web interface is the scheduling.  It wants you to click individual squares for each hour - you can't just say "Every week day from 8AM to 8PM".  You have to go to the 24 hour grid and click each individual square that corresponds to an hour.  You then have to do that same step for each day.  So Wednesday 1pm, Tuesday 1pm, Monday 1pm, Sunday 1pm, Saturday 1pm, Friday 1pm, Thursday 1pm....then do it all over again for 2pm, 3pm, etc. until you're finished.  Mercy on your soul if you want the camera to monitor motion for 8 hours every week day.Ultimately, it gets the job done, and it's a fine camera in terms of quality and IR capabilities.  I just wish that they would get smarter with the basic technology.  The web interface could certainly use some rewriting.