Well, I read all the reviews and decided to give it a shot since it is one of Amazon's best-sellers, though I think that is only because it's cheaper than other sets out there. Anyway, I bought three sets and I put them all up the day they arrived. Here is what I found...1. Sound - the door sensors are far louder than the window sensors, so depending on your needs, this may or may not work for you. The chime and alarm on the window sensors are also about the same volume, unlike the door sensor. The door sensor's volume is significantly louder during the door's alarm than it is for the door chime. In hindsight, if solely based on volume, I would prefer to use door sensors for the windows instead. It's hard to hear the window alarm from the other room if the house isn't dead silent (meaning, if you're watching a football game or playing with the kids.. you may not hear it at all).2. Placement - I chose to use the double-sided tape since I may be moving soon. The double-sided tape works well for most of the sensors if the surface is completely flat or glass. On the painted wood in my doorway, I found it not to be so strong, so I went and bought a stronger adhesive for the doorway. On my windows, the tape stuck very well to the glass and only one of them has fallen down on it's own thus far. The one that fell was in the sun and within a humid room, so my guess is that the sun's heat and room's humidity affected the tape somehow? Other than that, placing them was easy and the instructions on house to do so were simple.3. Practical? - Mmm, only if you understand that this is simply a warning or "heads up" that should be supplemented otherwise. I strongly discourage anyone from using this as their sole "warning" system of any kind since I have found it to be unreliable so far (see below) however it's a good addition to your home when it works or if you can keep it working somehow. For the sake of testing it out, I played devil's advocate on one in my room and tried to see how easy it is to remove if I were a burglar. Well, these aren't too hard to yank off the windows, and it is foolishly easy to, even accidentally, remove the battery panel where the batteries are located and knock just one battery out..which shuts the entire alarm OFF instantly. Like I said...you'll need a backup. OK, for chime-use only if that is all you need it for, but for burglar-alerts, not so much. However...4. Quality and Performance... Both are lacking. The plastic is cheap and the battery covers on the window sensors can be accidentally removed far too easily. The battery test is also faulty too. They all tested bright green when I first opened the package and the product claims these batteries should last awhile... but a couple of mine lasted no more than a few hours. I had put those two window sensors up in the hall and later one went off, making noises much like that of a toy running out of battery power. Then it just died.. so I tested the other, and the other one's light wouldn't turn green and the sensor wouldn't make noise at all when I opened the window. This was frustrating for me because I tested every single sensor's placement (meaning I made sure it was no more than the designated width apart) before and after installing them - and then I tested them all on alarm and chime mode by opening the doors and windows they were placed upon. Most of them have no gap at all and were working fine earlier! And worse still, the chime function works only sometimes. I have completely opened and closed my doors and windows a few times and if I do it about 5 times in a row, it will make a noise 3 of the five times. And this morning, I thought I had forgotten to set me door alarm because it didn't go off when the door opened, so I put in my code and tried testing it and it still wouldn't go off. So I switched it to "chime" and it went off after a try or two, so I went back to "alarm" and put in my code...and THEN it worked. So, like I said, great concept and these would be acceptable if they were reliable... Heaven forbid anyone ever comes into our home that shouldn't but I don't feel any sort of confidence in this product knowing this kit might or might not work to alert me.I will give these another day (buying new batteries and going to retest them all) and will write an update as to whether they get worse or better...  major bummer since I really wanted these to be good. And for anyone with kids or loved ones... we all know that a product like this that only works "sometimes" isn't good enough. It only takes ONE incident where a chime or alarm doesn't go off to be the difference between knowing if your kid is safely inside or not.. So please, don't rely solely on these if that's what you are using them for!