This thing rocks.  I have three of them, and convinced my coworkers and friends to pick them up.  I can't get way Dropcam is the only guys that figured out how to do a good streaming camera service.  I've tried Belkin's Netcam and Logitech solutions, and this one is the best.Why?  It's less expensive the Logitech solutions and much easier to set up.  It has more features and reliability than the Netcam.You start to look for excuses to use it, and feel a little creepy doing it but somehow get used to it.  I use it to watch work in progress on my home remodel, and another one as a permanent surveillance camera in the front of my house.  I even mounted it outside under the eaves of the roof and it has weathered the winter rain and 100 degree heat in my home in the Hollywood Hills (CA).  It is not designed for outdoor use, but it works fine.  No issues at all.It has a two-way mic/speaker that is pretty nifty.  At first I thought it was an afterthought, because the speaker is so small - but it actually works pretty well.It has a nighttime IR mode which works very well.  You can supplement it with additional IR LED's and it picks those up too.  It does get a bit hot though, so be careful when handling it.The mic is very sensitive.  Quality of sound is not that great, but it can pick up everything.The stand is versatile when mounted, since it can be rotated or swung back and forth, with the camera able to rotate in it's mount as well.  The stand has some sort of rubber gasket so it will move but provide enough resistance to keep it fixed.However, it is not the all perfect solution, it does have some drawbacks.  HD quality is nowhere near true HD - it looks good, but it is grainy and has a lot of noise, distortion and artifacts.  Quality of video is not as good as Logitech's closed loop system.  This is something that will be an issue with most streaming solutions.  Also, it does not have an option to route locally through LAN, like Belkin's camera.  The signal ALWAYS goes through the internet, to server and then back down to your mobile app or through the web interface.  So there's several seconds of lag and performance issues, bandwidth hogging issues.  It also appears to have some issues with connectivity - mine tends to drop out from time to time, but can restart itself and keep recording.For the price of the cam and the optional DVR package, it is an excellent buy.  Just think, a few years ago, setting up a camera at home required all sorts of wiring, hookup to a recorder, power connection, etc and even then, very few systems allowed for a remote connection to a live feed.  Now it's just a single USB cable to a power source and a Wi-Fi connection and you're up and running.