I have owned two Summer Infant Day & Night Monitors before, and this isn't even in the same class. This is worlds better. I've been using it for six months.APPEARANCEThe camera looks like a cute little robot with reddish-orange light-up stars on its helmet as a nightlight. The monitor is large and sleek. However, my daughter is afraid of the "robot"-- she thinks it looks like it's frowning when the lights are on. I get it. Not sure why the lights don't go all the way around.MUSICSo sweet! You can press a button on the monitor and the camera will play really cute chime lullabies that are not at all the cheapy, tinny sound most devices give off. The songs repeat until you turn it off. The only thing I would have liked here was the ability to also start the music from the camera itself.SOUNDWhen the child's room is quiet, you won't hear anything at all. I thought it was defective! My Summer monitors all gave off a static sound even when there was no real noise in the baby's room. This one turns its sound off after a few seconds when there's only low background noise, so you don't hear static or anything else. It comes right back on if there's a sound (crying, talking, music, etc.).BATTERY TIMEThis isn't one to use as a handheld monitor for long periods. It comes with a rechargeable battery so that you can use it that way, but the battery doesn't last more than 4.5 hours, so it has to stay plugged in overnight-- but at least you can wander around the house with it at naptime!TEMPERATUREI love the fact that this shows a temperature reading. Like another reviewer mentioned, though, it's not accurate-- mine is reading about 5 degrees hotter than the room actually is. But just keep that in mind and adjust the number accordingly. You can set an alarm to tell you if the room gets too hot or too cold. I love this idea because I leave the air conditioning on when my daughter goes to bed and sometimes don't realize until morning that it got really cold in there!SOUND QUALITYGood on both ends. I can clearly hear things on the monitor side and my daughter can clearly hear me on the camera side when I use the intercom feature. The only problem is if we're both talking at the same time; it picks up only one or the other.PICTURE QUALITYCould be better, but it's perfectly adequate for me and even allows for zooming and panning. It's not like a high-definition camera image, but you can clearly see what's happening in a room both in light and dark conditions."BABY IS UP" ALARMOne cool feature is the "moving baby" alarm, which you can set or not as you choose. If you want to sleep peacefully, but you want to be alerted the minute the baby gets up, before he or she tries to climb out of the crib, then you may want to try out this movement alarm.ZZZZZThe "zzzz" button turns off the display to let you sleep, but when it hears a sound, the display and sound come right back on to alert you.RANGEShe's upstairs and I'm downstairs. It's so far worked fine for me with no interference or loss of signal at all.In short, I think it's the awesomest thing ever. Aside from bacon.