I just mounted this camera and do not yet know about its durability over time, but will update this post if anything changes.The picture is more than adequate in daytime, but I do notice a slight flicker when I hit bumps (I can turn on the camera independently of just being in reverse with my Pioneer Nav unit).  The flicker makes me wonder if it will last.  It more than suits its purpose of a back-up camera.  It is not meant to shoot movies or anything.  My observations:I tried to test locations using a 13VDC transformer that works on pretty much everything else I have tried including Lowrance Marine Chart Plotters, but it did not power this camera and it only showed a white screen with lines on it.  I almost wrote it off as defective, but tried battery power as a last resort.  Worked fine... IDK why the transformer didnt work with it...Camera seems well built.  I read a thread where a guy said he disassembled one of these and replaced the O-rings...  I have no idea how he did that.  This is like a solid machined piece of aluminum.  I dont see any way to open it up.  It seems like it should not leak though as there are no holes or visible screw heads.My mounting notes:I mounted it where the license plate light does aim pretty much at it, but it doesnt seem to affect it that much.  If you can avoid this, it probably makes the night viewing better.Check behind your bumper before drilling.  My spare is right behind my bumper.  Even if it is not your spare, there is often wiring back there.  Make sure you have adequate depth before you drill.  1.5" of so of this camera will be behind the bumper.If you want it to be flush mounted and aimed straight back, place both rings behind your bumper after passing the camera through the hole.If you need to angle the camera, place the smaller angled ring on the camera  (flat side toward the camera, angled side toward the bumper) before passing it through the hole in your bumper and place the larger angled ring behind the bumper (angled side toward the bumper, flat side toward the nut).  My mounting sticks out a quarter inch or so as I do have it on an angle to aim it at my trailer hitch.  It would stick out an eighth or less if flush mounted with a straight back view.To get power to the light, most factory tow packages have both positive and negative wires at the trailier wiring plug.  I tapped into these.  They camera now turns on and off with my ignition.Anywhere the RCA connectors plug into each other, tape the connection with electrical tape.  This helps seal out water and also prevents these from coming unplugged over time.The video wire from my NAV unit was pushed through the firewall by putting a small hole in an existing rubber boot.  I put mine directly below the steering wheel through the boot.  I put RTV black around it for good measure to seal out water (although it looked tightly sealed around the wire without it).I ran the video wire down the top of my truck frame with other wires.  When it came close to the muffler, I ran it through/behind the heat shielding along with the factory wiring harness.  I zip tied it in place about every 18".Avoid pinch points like leaf springs, shocks, or any moving parts.  Only attach the video wire to fixed parts and route it around moving parts.The video cable will likely be too short.  Use an RCA male to male adapter and add another wire if necessary.  I did.If you need to find your reverse light wire to activate the camera, google it like I did.  A simple search for "Tundra wiring diagram reverse wire backup camera" led me to a page that said it was the blue wire in the white 11 pin plug in the passenger side kick panel.  I found it in 2 minutes with this info.  I checked for my GF's 370Z and found the same info immediately... if you have to know, it is in the driver's side kick panel on her car.  (I forget the plug and wire color)...I gave it 4 stars because:It comes with no instructions (not that you really need any though)It does flicker a little when I hit bumpsThe night vision is pretty lousy