I wanted to get this one because it's one of a few that record to it's own system w/o requiring a PC to be on all of the time.  Safe and secure.  The small(ish) monitor is ok, but as someone else pointed out, it's flaky and not always responsive.  ( I actually found a small plastic screwdriver I used as a "pen" for the screen because it was so unresponsive to my fingers alone.)Overall the system is simple and (should be) easy to use, but I cannot get into the system in a manner I find more convenient and faster to use - through my PC.  (I'm online all day long and use technology and computers for a living, so my desk space is the best place to keep track of/ view a security system.  Or it should be.)  I tried several browsers before I remembered they want you to use Internet Explorer (the most broken, most compromised browser in the history of the world).  Other vendors have products that use almost any popular browser to control and manage their systems, so right now I can't remember why I bought this one...Big issue is that you have to register at Uniden to get a link to an Active X plugin for your browser so you can talk to the damn thing.OCX/ Active X plugins for IE are out of date.  Nobody does that anymore because it's insecure.  No web browsers, but old versions of IE, do this anymore.It's all besides the point because in order to use a PC browser to watch your cameras and control them, you have to get an OCX plugin from Uniden.  But I can't.  Their registration page keeps telling me they cannot find the DID/ UID that is on my brand new Uniden device.Do I want to trust my home security to a company that uses outdated web browser plugins and also can't keep track of it's own inventory IDs for it's own products?  Nah, I don't think so....I wish I had seen some of the other reviews before buying this thing.From the PCMAG review of this sytem:"There is a Web site through which you can also view the Guardian system on a PC (Uniden Video), which requires you to create an account and register your product on that site. However, it also requires an OCX plug-in and only works with Internet Explorer.We could not get it to display video at all during our tests.We used Uniden's email support to try and get a resolution, and while the responses were relatively fast (24-48 hours for each query) and generally helpful, we still couldn't make the plug-in work for us."===========The system has promise, but if I was only able to use the tiny screen to manage several of these, it would get tired really fast.  I have to click things several times to get a response from the handheld.  If you have motion detection on, which works quite well, and you have a few dozen clips to scroll through and watch, it's tedious to do it with the handheld.  I can imagine it would be easier with a full-blown interface like the browser on my PC, but that's all I can do right now - just imagine.What really bothers me is that I've handled tech support for friends and family for years, and even though there is a fair share of user error involved, in this case there is not.  Uniden makes it too difficult just to give you options for handling an otherwise really decent system, so I can see where the frustration for your "average" user may come in.  Who has the time?There are plenty of four and five star systems on Amazon that users said are easy to setup and convenient to use.  I'll check out one of them next...