I received this product yesterday and found several issues.First, it works and is easy to set up. It is wireless, once you get it "configured" and authenticated on your WiFi router.It can't do ANYTHING without the internet. There is NO internal buffering in the event that it can't get to the internet...So, as far as security, get a $30 WIFI jammer and no video recorded...It takes a lot of bandwidth to run when the resolution is at its highest. If you want to use it as a babycam, with the camera in the other room, the video leaves the camera, goes out into the cloud where it is recorded and then you can see it. So you hear the baby crying a good 15 seconds through the wall before the computer.. Also, since you're using 2x the internet bandwidth, forget anyone else using netflix, hulu or VuDu to stream video.No way to set up triplines (zones that cause recording)No way to have it do motion detection without telling you every time it sees motion. If you turn off motion detection alerts, you also turn off the detection capability, and the web site does not show when there was motion. There is a big difference between detection  and alerts. In their simplification, they have bundled it on a single on/off button.No local storage in the event that there is internet congestion. The Mobotix is a much superior camera since it has local storage and can also send it offsite. (I know it costs 5x the cost but it works, except Mobotix has to heater...). it should at least have some local storage and cache the video in the event of an internet outage or problem.The big metal base is OK, except if you want it looking out the window, since the base is circular and the mount pivot is in the center of the base, it sets well away from the window and interferes with drapes, blinds, etc. There should be a way to mount it to the window glass (small cylinder of plastic with a flat flange and double stick tape) Stick the mount to the window and snap in the camera. I guess I could double stick tape the base to the window and fold the camera flat for a minimal depth mounting.Due to the bandwidth needed, we stepped the resolution down to the non-HD level and it still looks decent and doesn't hog the internet connection. There should be a setting that compares the average of 5 frames and unless there is a 5% or something configurable different, then skip recording the same image to the internet. To bolster that, add a circular queue and allow the system to back track 10 seconds before the motion event for no-loss recording.There should be some method of connecting locally to view the camera and there isn't. Apparently the video is encrypted leaving the camera and can't be decrypted unless it goes through their website. Why not use the same code as a java script download to view it locally?I had planned to use several but now think a more traditional camera would be better suited for our purposes. By the time you buy more than 2 of these cameras, and the annual DVR costs, you're in the same price range of many wired camera systems with local storage and internet access.If you have lots of internet bandwidth and it's rock solid, then you're probably OK with this product.