This is my 2nd Lorex system, the first one just flat out died about 6 years of owning it.  I figured it ran it's course and thought I'd buy another system, also by Lorex, in hopes of having extra cameras.  Unfortunately, they decided to change the connectors, so I had to dump the entire old system.  I let that one go, in hopes that the "new" technology would be better - I was wrong.  I installed the new cameras, setup the system and found many things that would cause me to return the whole system, but it's too much of a headache to breakdown, so I'm settling...1. Per Amazon advertising: "Connects to 3G/4G or WiFi Network"... I call B.S. on this.  This was the main reason I got it because I thought the unit had capability to connect to the house WIFI, since my system is in the garage and I didn't have to route a cable to it.  The truth is that it only connects via a cable and what they are referring to is that once you connect the box to the router, you can then download an app to your phone to view your monitors on 3g/4g... I would have immediately crossing this system off my list had I known that going into it.  Again this is something I can get past, but it's more of a headache than anything.2. Nighttime vision:  This is where the cameras have gone backwards in development!!!  The cameras of 6 years ago had such strong IR LEDs that they cameras literally had an ominous red glow to them at night and the nighvision was pretty good.  These do NOT glow red and they barely have any capability to see at night unless there's something directly in front of the camera at 10-20 ft.  I realize IR is not supposed to glow, but whatever type of LEDs they had in those old cameras, the red glow doubled as a great deterrent to anyone looking at the house at night (while they were being filmed).3. Playback capability:  This is BY FAR the worst feature of this system.  The last system I had (again - by the SAME company), had a very simple timeline to highlight all the recorded events of the day.  You just clicked on the event and played it.  On this system, it displays some calendar on the screen and you have to make a request to for which day you want to search the DVR.  Then, it breaks it down into only half hour increments saying that an event (even if it was a minute long) was recorded during that half hour.  Then to watch it, you have to browse thru the whole half hour.  It's horrible... I can only hope that once I have the unit hooked up to the internet, the web browsing capability is where the company spent it's resources rather than the user interface directly on the DVR itself.Would I recommend this unit to a friend?  No, I'd point them to other companies at this point.Would I return this unit if I wouldn't have to remove all of the cameras and remove all of the cables?  Absolutely.