I bought 4 of these to watch over my house. I was thrilled with them -- until the first time it rained and 2 of them died. In the next rain, a third one died. The good news is I've been able to nurse two of them back to health. But you need to take the possibility of water damage seriously before choosing this camera.The advertising proclaims these as outdoor weatherproof cameras. Even the box says "weatherproof housing". Well the housing may be weatherproof but the cables going in the back ARE NOT. One camera filled up with water so much that when I took it down I was able to pour out a couple spoonfuls.The installation instructions warn that the cable end must be protected from weather. Since the cable is only about a foot long, you better be able to mount the camera somewhere you can drill a hole and get that cable passed through to an indoor area right away. Or run the cable immediately into a waterproof box -- which is difficult because the cable end is large meaning the box will need a large hole for the cable. Now how do you close up that hole?You are also told to open the camera housing and insert a small packet of silica gel (one included with each camera). If you ever open it again, you are to remove the old packet and replace it with another. So plan on finding a few extra. The warranty, of course, does not cover moisture damage from your failure to correctly prepare and install the camera as instructed.Two of the three cameras that died came back to life once they dried out. The other, that had the most water damage, lost its infrared emitter and eventually died completely.For the price I think the manufacturer should have passed the wires through some piece of solid plastic or rubber so no water could flow into the camera through the cable end.The mounting hardware also leaves a lot to be desired. You can't aim the camera just any direction -- the angles are limited. Also, though there are three adjustments to tighten, it never seems to hold the camera rigidly so the slightest bump will knock it out of alignment. The instructions do not explain how to adjust the mounting hardware at all.With all that said, this is a wonderful camera with fantastic performance and networking capabilities. Each one has its own embedded Linux system (not that you need to be aware of it) with a web server for easy setup from your browser. Networking is a breeze -- no special software required -- just plug in the camera to a Power-over-ethernet network cable and by the time you get back to your computer the camera has probably already obtained a DHCP address from your router and is ready to go. You can connect via several different protocols and picture resolutions simultaneously. These are fully supported by the free ZoneMinder software -- just set the video stream to JPEG 1280x800 30fps.The video is very clear, colorful by day and impressive at night with the infrared emitters. I would be totally happy with the pictures and the software if my infrared hadn't died in the rain. These are probably among the best cameras you will find in terms of day and night picture quality.I was planning to give this camera a rave review and order more -- until the water damage. Now I would recommend them primarily for indoor use, unless you are quite confident in your ability to protect the cable connectors from any moisture.