UPDATE: 12/03/13.  Upgraded to FIVE STARS now.Although I noted that I'd provide an update in 30 days...it just hasn't been worth my time as I'd disconnected the IZON camera for a while.  This product was definitely hit-or-miss.  Three weeks ago, we got a new router for our home wireless system.  I finally found time over the weekend to try to set up the camera again.USE THE MANUAL SET-UP PROCESS.....When it WAS working previously in the summer, and we would check the camera when away from home, invariably we would get a black camera screen, or a frozen video screen with "network congestion" as a regular message.  I'm not sure what network congestion was there when no one was at home, so...that's one of the reasons I disconnected the camera.  No point in having it on if it's not providing a clear readable image.Since we got a new router, I thought that might resolve the problems, and it did.  We had a D-Link router and now we have an ASUS router.  Started to try to set up and connect via my iPhone.  The message was "Number of Bonjour retries exceeded."  So I switched to my iPad for setup.  Went through the "manual set up" and that seems to have worked just fine.  The firmware updated so that was a bit of a delay to get up and running.  It's working now.The camera works great over wifi, too, which I tested today while shopping at The Home Depot over their public wireless system.  The sound is also working well.  This is great since we just adopted a dog and we want to keep tabs on him remotely even when we are outside in the yard or upstairs from his "den."I now would definitely recommend this product to Apple product users.+++++++++Bought one of these cameras to use with my iPhone.  Wanted to use it at home for security purposes.Took forever to get it to set up with my home wireless network.  Like another reviewer, I went through the exact same process many times.  Finally on the 10th try, the camera was working.  Just seems that the process takes a lot longer than 10 minutes to set up, so be patient.Once I got the camera up and running through the regular setup process, it added another "instance" of what appeared to be the same camera on the iPhone app, which it then tried to register, and both were somehow deleted.  The "register" process seemed to hang a lot.  So, I started over.  Again.  And this time I went through the "Manual Setup" process -- three times before it actually worked.MANUAL SET UP WAS THE KEY!The help guide that's located on the IZON app isn't the same as the one on their website.  Also, the steps are not the same.  The online version is far more comprehensive.  I find that to be a huge issue with product companies.  (Do you really think customers will give your product a great rating if it takes hours of repetitive steps and Googling on the Internet to get it set up?)  The suggestion to disconnect your home wireless router was silly because the app will tell you that you need to have an active wireless connection to set up the camera.  If the app crashes, it will ask to send a report back to STEM.  Each time I got a response back from the STEM Help Desk, it was the exact same set of instructions which were not working.  Being the stubborn IT professional that I am...I was sure going to figure this out by myself!  And I did.Once I got the camera up and running, it did exactly what I needed.  I can view from my iPhone 5 and iPad while on my home wireless network, and can also view while on 4G or LTE service through AT&T.;I'm probably being very kind by giving 3 stars considering the time it took me to set up and the constant crashing of the iPhone app and "network congestion" errors (is that MY network or is it the Internet?).Although the IZON iPhone app crashes very often, the iPad app seems to be working better.  The camera appears to drop from my wireless network every now and then.BE AWARE that the camera has a microphone on it and picks up sound pretty clearly.  If you have the camera on constantly and are pointing it out a window to watch the wildlife outside, like I am, be aware that it is still picking up sound in the room whether you are wanting to monitor sound or not.  That's ok with me unless someone nearby could access it and listen in to the conversations inside our house.  Just a note of reminder to those of you not wanting to monitor sounds.I will provide an update within a month.  I can't recommend this product at this point.  So THREE STARS it is for now.