********Update*******Well i was hoping the app would get better and not worse. On IO5 i had numerous issues with it not connecting to my wi-fi even though all my devices had full signal in the same room. I then change my router brand from linksys to N band belkin and had the same exact issues. i put up with it as i was not using it currently as baby was still in our room and was hoping for a app update to fix the issues which never come. the day was approaching we were gonna leave the baby in his room. I purchased the Apple airport extreme router which had less range than my Belkin N band but thought this router must have been one that the system was tested with but my signal dropped to zero bars and wouldn't even find the cam. I then went out and purchased a second airport router to increase the range and i then got 3 bars with the second router 3ft from the camera. It would then sometimes find the cam but still unreliable. I then found out after messing for 3 hours that the babyping will not connect to the extended network router which is 3ft from the babyping cam. i had to plug the router into the closer router for it to use the router with the more powerful signal. it is now connected to the closer router until the power from the babyping goes off or the router goes off so power outages will require to set it up each and every time. Now come the other problems. The IOS5 app will cut off after 30mins each and every time. we have 4 Apple devices and the ipad 1 and 3 are the only devices that stay connected. the Iphone 4 and 4s will disconnect after 30mins. even my friends iphone5 does the same thing. We updated to the IOS6 app and now more problems than before. Now the Ipads get a blank screen and they have a diagonal bar that one side is light grey and the other dark grey and the picture stops on this screen. The iphones do something different. The screens will just go blank and the sound will stop. this happens after only a couple of mins. then after about 30-50 seconds it will show the Oops we have a problem screen. I have also tried the Baby phone App which a reviewer on here wrote. I have the same shut down issues on his app as the babyping app so i guess its an issue with the cam.I would steer clear of this product until all issues have been sorted. I have over $500 in routers purchased because of this Cam and more than 18hrs of my time messing with it and the cost of the cam and it still don't work.Another warning when upgrading the App to IOS6 version of the babyping app. It has messed my wifi up and i can no longer connect to my wi-fi. i never had issues with wi-fi until the second i installed this app and now i have issues. It will disconnect my wi-fi from the phone and i have to go into settings to select the wi-fi again.