First of all, the system is NO NAME.  The only thing it says on the box is H.264 Network DVR.  It is of Chinese Mfg. It appears several different Chinese companies sell this system.  Overall, everything is cheaply built--maybe functional--but I never got it to record anything I could replay.  I had problems with the password.  It is supposed to come with a mfg password that you change.  I found various mfg passwords in the manual and online but none of them worked.  111111. 666666. 123456. Blank password.  It wouldn't let me change it.  All I wanted was for it to be a manually started system I could turn on when I wanted it on and turn it off when I didn't want it on.  I never found a way to turn it on manually and I couldn't even get it to record.  Ever.  The software is raw--barely functional and the manual is of little or no help since it was written by someone who spoke English as a second language.  In some places in the manual, and extended manual on the web, it is incomprehensible.  Basically, you are on your own and you have to figure out how it works by yourself.  The cameras seem to be adequate but what good are they if you can't record from them?  My old system was simple.  You pressed "Start" to record, and "Stop" to stop.  Each segment you filmed was made into a separate file you could find and work with as needed.  I think this system starts at the beginning of the hard drive (Which you have to buy) and fills it up with video until it is full and then rewrites over the first video you put down.  I am returning it and ready to pay more to get one that works.  The mfger seems to be Ouku, but some company called GRAIN in China seems to be the motherboard Mfg.  Speaking of hardware...GET THIS.  This takes a 3.5 regular size Hard drive for recording and there isn't a fan included in the system.  Recording video makes a lot of heat and only a tiny fan could be put in the space they left for it. I guarantee problems with the hard drive if you don't put a fan in the box.  And this is crucial.  The full sized drive fits between the video connector in back and a display ribbon and bar in front and if put in as they instruct, you crush the ribbon cable against the video connector and it is only a matter of time until it breaks off some of the ribbon wires.  I put in one screw to hold in the hard drive, and angled it so it didn't crush either cable.  I used some gaffer tape to hold the drive from moving.  Also, it has a format function but if you put in a raw drive, it wouldn't format it.  I finally took out the hard drive, partitioned it, formatted it (NTFS) and put it back in the box and then their software "Formatted it" but another section of their software didn't recognize it--that being the recording section of the software.  The scheduling function might as well be written in Greek because there is no logic to it and it doesn't work,  As soon as I put the cameras on board, it started recording on its own, and I couldn't shut it off.  All four cameras eating hdd space like a hot dog eating contest.  I wasted about a week trying to get it to work, including ordering cables and connectors for it but I am done wasting time.  This is not a functional unit on the cheap.  This is a dysfunctional unit on the cheap.  On the plus side, everything was well packed in the shipping box :-)  There are so many problems I can't remember them all but my recommendation is not to buy this system.  I am a certified computer tech and an electrician and a programmer and I couldn't make it work.  I looked for firmware upgrades and couldn't find any.  I suspect there aren't any.  Here is a website where people are looking for help to fix problems with the system.  [...]  If you have questions, please ask.  I put a lot of time in on this.