I wanted to use this for several reasons:  Firstly, to put near a birdfeeder so I could watch the birds up close and capture video/photos of them without them seeing me.  Secondly, to figure out where the dog keeps getting out of the back yard and thirdly, do keep in the play room to resolve disputes between two little girls who always claim "it was HER" when the piano gets tipped over.We hooked it up yesterday afternoon.  The sofware is very basic, but it seemed to have installed correcty.  I'm running Windows 7 64bit on an HP laptop.  My son is running the same but on a custom built desktop.  I also use this camera on my cell phone.The Good Stuff:-There is a slot for a mini SD card so you can record the videos as they are being captured, which is neat if you want to pull a photo off of the film.  The mini-SD is not included.-This can be used as a two way device, meaning you can speak to the room being monitored (like yelling at the dog to get off of the sofa and then laughing hysterically as he goes from shock to confusion to possible minor mental breakdown over why your VOICE is in the room by YOU are not!  This does require external speakers, which also are not included.  Otherwise, you can hear what the people in the room are saying, but you can't respond to them.-The video quality on the first day was excellent - clear, crisp and not much of a lag at all.-The unit must be plugged in, so that is a consideration when deciding where to put this camera.  But the camera itself is about the size of a typical point & shoot digital camera or maybe slightly larger than a deck of cards.  It has a removable stand that can be screwed into a door, wall or whatever.The Not Good Stuff:-Not that easy to set up.  My 15 year old son did most of it for me, but that was mostly out of laziness on my part, he was willing to run up and down the stairs between my laptop and the router (yeah, he could have just taken the laptop down, exercise is good)  But camera came with a CD for software installation that wouldn't play at first and then once I got it installed, I kept getting error messages.  My son doesn't get these messages on his computer.  The user interface isn't very intuitive on the website or on the manual, I'm still not sure how to get a lot of things to work correctly like picture quality (which degraded a great deal after the first day, now it's more like a super pixelated, grainy, old school web camera.  We're still working on messing with the settings but nothing seems to help and the website for the product isn't very informative either.-I have an android phone and my son has an iPod touch. The Apple version of the app has a lot more control (volume, alarms, etc). The Android version has NO help and really you can only watch the video, not do anything else.So, until I can figure out how to set the settings the way I want them to be set and how to set the video quality how I want for it to be set, I have to take off a star.  I have to take off another for no guide explaining the error codes and what to do about them.  If I am able to get these issues resolved, I will happily update my review and my stars.  In this day and age, where cars connect to cell phones, laptop connect to tablets, gaming systems connect to TV's and internet - it should be a snap to install this camera and have it run easily with a good help section on how to change the settings, trouble shooting, etc.  Getting all of the error codes is really frustrating.  And having a screen pop up that says "Enter ADMIN ID and Password" when I didn't create one yet is really annoying because it won't allow me to save my setting!It's a good device, just needs a little tweaking.