I dont know why there are so many negative reviews on these cameras on Amazon. I know that the company selling these is spamming the reviews but, as you can see, my purchase is verified.I had used a Summer Infant Baby Touch Digital Color Video Monitor for quite some time and went through 3 cameras and two handsets. I finally gave up and bought these two cameras. If you are using these as baby monitors I would suggest the black version as the white ones have an LED inside of them that lights up pretty bright and can be seen through the white plastic. Here is how I set them up:First I plugged them into power and an ethernet port on my router.Then I logged into my router and saw what IP address they were assigned.I then typed the IP address into firefox (or pale moon for 64bit).I logged into the camer using admin and no password (on firefox and chrome you must use second login button).I then went straight to the devide settings and wireless.I checked wireless check box and clicked scan.I chose my network out of box and typed in my password.I clicked submit and when the camera started to reboot and the network lights came on I unplugged the network cable.I then logged back into the router (actually I still had the page up) and got the new wireless IP address.I logged back into camera and changed password and port to 8090 (8091 on second camera).Repeated all steps for second camera.Setup tinyCam Monitor PRO on my 10 inch android tablet and added camera info for both cameras.All of this took maybe 20 minutes including putting cameras in my childrens rooms.Overall theses cameras have superb pictures compared to any other baby monitor I have seen. For $189 total, including tinycam pro, I have the sweetest baby monitor setup. If oyu follow the setup instructions I gave here you should be able to get this up and running no problem. Also, buy these from either foscam on amazon or from observeye. If oyu buy them elsewhere you will not get the two year warranty.UPDATE: 11/5/2012These cameras still work perfect. They restart every once in a while but always return the position that I set as home. I now use tinyCam PRO on both of our cellphones and on the tablet. Definitely worth the purchase.UPDATE: 12/21/2012The world did not end today!!! Also the cameras are still going strong. They restart a lot less now for some reason. There have not been any changes to our network but tinyCam Monitor PRO has been updated a few times through the Play Store.UPDATE 02/14/2013I had to buy a new wireless router for our house because the old one died. I think that the camera restarting issue was caused by slow network speed on my old router becuase they have not restarted in the last week that I have had the new router. I added entries for the wireless cameras into the new router to assign static ip addresses to them and I used port forwarding to forward port 8090 to the one camera and 8091 to the other camera. I used a DynDns account to keep a hostname associated to my dynamic ip and can now access the cameras from anywhere using the hostname and port number. The router I got was a WNDR3400 V2, I highly recommend this router as it is fast!