My purpose:  Keep from getting off the couch to basically see & record any possible criminal activities outside the house.  I've had vandals and theft outside the house in the past.Note:  Have AT&T; wireless in the house.  Due to this device's hopping frequency, I've had NO or zero interference whatsoever as stated in another write-up.  I have about full 5 bars showing on the monitor.  Good frequency reception between the monitor & camera from the 100 feet or so where I will be using this device.Monitor:  Works right off the bat when plugged in.  One thing that bugged me is that buttons on the monitor usually required "pressing" more than once to switch to another mode you currently want.  The monitor is only as good as the quality broadcasted by the video cameras.  Highest camera recording resolution is 480X640; this I recall is something off the dark ages or 1st generation digital cameras.  I personally think it's about 98+% on the grayish side with a hint of occasional color.  Clarity is also generally non-existent unless the subject is stationary and within or less than 10 feet from the camera.  I did check the SD card, video recorded file, in my laptop using Windows Movie Maker.  You can then somewhat and very minimally adjust the recorded brightness to view any dark recorded scenes, but the blurriness is as is.Video Cameras:  Looks sturdy.  Camera pairing, if required, is just a matter of pressing the monitor menu screen and a camera button in the back.  Motion detection sensor is not instantaneous, but works fairly quickly.  I tested the camera outside & quickly recorded the neighborhood kid's movements on their skateboards from about maybe 25-30 feet away.  I did notice that the motion sensor is fairly straight lined; it has to have a direct hit on the subject to activate, instead of having a wider motion detection field.  I do luv the Camera/Monitor audio capability.  Anybody standing outside within a close distance, say by the front door, can speak up & your screen turns on, when on screensaver mode, for you to hear them on the monitor.  Return talk response is just a button push on the monitor.  (The Defender web site has recorded video samples so you can judge for yourself the true, actual, visual quality rendition of this device!.  This is just about what I'm getting.)Overall:  For my personal use and considering I wasn't buying a Hubble telescope, it's ample for visual & audio surveillance.  This or just not have any surveillance device at all.Install:  This should be the challenge considering I need to hookup the 2 cameras outside the house.  With the camera hookup comes the usual bulky extension adapters that requires an outlet to plug into, not to mention having the recommended surge protector.  I have to put my thinking cap on, like say, maybe hanging Xmas lights around homes.  I'm sure folks have figured out a way of plugging them outside and powering them up somehow, ...so wish me luck.