Summary:Pros:Color images are true to color and quite acceptably high-resMovies are smooth and well resolvedSound pickup is surprisingly good, and movies trigger on the sound tooActivation to take a picture/movie happens around 1 second after the event. Pretty fast.Unit is quite quiet when activating. Only a tiny click and dull red glow from the infrared emitters signals it's working.Water resistance seems pretty good, survived our sprinklers just fineCons:Interface is HORRIBLE. Setting the clock (almost every time) takes dozens of clicks and a lot of patience. Never quite sure if you did it right.Package design is crazy bad. - Batteries fall out of alignment in compartment, foiling the entire night's collection - Plug-in hole drilled through both overlapping cases, preventing you from opening/closing the unit while it's plugged in! - Frequent failure to acquire ANYTHING the entire night just because you didn't set something up right - Easy to pinch your skin while opening/closing.Frequent failure to acquire anything because something wasn't set up right. Interface, batteries, or power plug.Detail:At first, this camera was very exciting to me. Expandable with a tiny SIM card to hold as many movies/pictures as I wanted, infrared and full color day images, movies with sound, trigger activation, movies or regular images at a predefined rate, it sounded like what I've dremt of since I was a child. It even sounded good to use on my toddlers at night, as some of them were reporting strange noises outside their window or problems sleeping. Finally a way to see what you never could before! My main use was to observe backyard vermin hunting my chickens at night. And I wanted a model that could be plugged in, so I didn't spend another several hundred dollars per year on batteries.As we soon discovered, the camera CAN do all this and more. We observed SIX different creature species the first night we used it, diagnosed why our trap wasn't catching anything, answered some questions about the mysterious noise at the window (neighbors playing loud music at 4am, distorted through walls). Very happy about the results. However, it was not all rainbows and peaches at all.First negative hit when just starting to use it. Remember the VCR interfaces of the 80's? Welcome back. Right, left, up, down arrow interface through a bewildering series of very poorly marked/explained interfaces. I finally figured out you have to go into each menu, switch the item to what you want, press Set, then back out of the menu. Otherwise you go through all this work, only to realize nothing actually changed.The unit takes EIGHT AA batteries, though it can run on four it seems. OK, I plunked 8 in. Took pictures first night, all was well. Second night, set it all up, looked good... and in the morning, no pictures whatsoever. None. One of the batteries leaned slightly out of its "locked in" position. My bad, I assumed. But not so. EVERY time you mess with its settings, you MUST push all the batteries in. They trivially slide out of alignment with the slightest bump. Without that extra voltage, the unit often just writes empty files or none at all. No warnings, no indicators, just failure. This happens around 50% of the time.The unit has water-resistant nature by having the two shells of its case open and close to reveal its interior (where the batteries/interface is). They overlap when they are closed together, as one might imagine. Unfortunately, they put the power-plug port THROUGH BOTH SHELLS while they're overlapped. This means that you can plug in the device when its open, or when its closed, but you can't open or close it once its plugged in. This means it has to have batteries in it all the time, and good ones, even if you're going to use it plugged in. I also had to go to several local electronics stores to find an adapter that A) fit its odd connection, and B) had a variable voltage switch that could target its specific needs. All that, only to find I still need batteries AND have to constantly unplug/replug it back in in order to use its interface or get my movies out. Not happy. Plus, the case pinches you. A lot.In summary, the internal hardware of this camera is a wonder. Just great. It CAN do what you want. But its reliability is crap, using it is a nightmare, and figuring out why something went wrong is an exercise in frustration. I suggest another brand that understands proper interface design.