The Lorex LNC104 Ping wireless network camera has strengths and weaknesses. Its strengths are that it sets up easily and provides great functionality, but its main weakness is that you have to use the Lorex software to conveniently access live or recorded feeds.I successfully configured the device using the Lorex Ping app for Android, with little difficulty. It needs to be configured via a wired network (unless you use WPS, which I didn't test; I have WPS disabled due to security concerns); once you've told it about your wireless network's essentials (e.g. SSID and passphrase), you can disconnect it from the wired network and access it wirelessly (so that all you need to provide to the installed location is power rather than power plus network cable). More on this in a bit.In addition to viewing live video on your Android, Apple, or Microsoft Windows device, you can also save or email snapshots whenever the device detects movement. You can configure the amount of time between snapshots, as well as the sensitivity to movement. I tried one second between snapshots with the default sensitivity, and the device reliably saved images via FTP to my network file server. Both day and night images were very good; the night images are illuminated by IR LED's on the unit.I was also pleasantly surprised to see that although the Lorex Web site indicates the Ping series of cameras does not support network-attached storage, the option to save to NAS was indeed available in the web camera configurator. (A camera firmware update was offered when I installed the camera; I suspect this update added the NAS function.) The NAS needs to support SMB (i.e. Windows server or Samba server) so check that before trying it. I was able to configure a Samba share and have the camera record video to it. However, I wasn't very pleased that the files are saved as five-minute clips that are not very friendly to view. Not only do you have to find the right clip in the first place (perhaps via snapshots, which are timestamped), but also the files, which are .crf (raw MPEG-2 video streams), are hard to open and view. The camera also writes a .rfd file for each five-minute clip, and a ".list" file in the root directory. Both these are binaries and are most likely proprietary to the camera system. So to review clips, you're basically locked into the Lorex software.I expect cameras such as this to allow you to view live video via a Web browser on any platform on my local network. Unfortunately this camera does not live up to this rather easy-to-meet standard. In order to view live video via a Web browser, you must install an ActiveX control, which means you need to be on the Windows platform. Linux users like me are locked out. (Also, the Lorex software does not work "out of the box" with Wine, the Linux program that lets you run well-behaved Windows programs in Linux. I did not try workarounds though. I also noted that the Wine applications database [...] has nothing related to Lorex.)Regarding installation, if you prefer a wired network cable, you might be interested in powering the camera via power over Ethernet (PoE). Although this device does not directly support PoE, there are external adapters available; this is one I just purchased for work that seems to work well: TP-Link PoE Adapter Kit (TL-PoE200) The disadvantage of such a device is the extra box on each end. You could also try powerline networking; multiple such products are available but they're a little expensive and you still have extra equipment at each end (probably less at the head end though). The bottom line is, with a little creativity you can put this camera in a wide variety of environments. But given the fact that you're locked into the Lorex software to make good use of the video, your time and effort might be better spent with another camera.