I purchased the Uniden Guardian G755 system refurbished from a Marketplace seller in like-new condition for less than half the price of new, and I'm very happy with it. The cameras pair with the display right out of the box. Each camera has a five-foot built-in power cord and an additional five-foot extension.  Installation is simple -- just mount a bracket with a swivel ball end that attaches to the camera. FYI - the cameras have 1/4-inch screw mounts that will work with any standard photo tripod mount. The wireless display makes it easy to review and adjust the camera position during installation. I'm using two cameras within 60 feet of the base station and have never lost a signal.The display charges in the base station and can be used off the charger for about two hours. It has touchscreen controls that are not as sensitive as using your smartphone, but still handy to set up recording modes, view recordings, and manually start and stop recordings from the main screen. If you're using motion detection settings, the unit records two minutes of video each time it's triggered by motion seen by the camera, and you use about 4 MB of memory card space for each two-minute recording.Motion detection can be set to low or high sensitivity, and mine has been triggered by everything from birds flying by, to a squirrel crossing the driveway and precipitation. Snowfall will trigger the motion detection, so you'll have lots of footage to review if you leave the system on overnight during a snow storm. Also, if you mount the camera where it can see traffic on the street, it will trigger with every car that passes.Reviewing the footage is simple -- you get a calendar view showing days when recordings have been made, then touch to view a list of recordings for each camera. You can erase from that list directly, or review and quickly erase anything that's not needed. Because the system starts recording on the first sign of motion, you'll know within the first 10 seconds of footage whether it's something you want to save. The unit uses standard-size SD cards that are very affordable and easy to transfer to your computer for archival storage.The infrared night viewing feature is very good - it looks as bright as day, but in black and white. The camera field of view is good too. I have one camera mounted about 10 feet up on my garage that can view the 25-foot width of driveway and down it toward the street for about 30 feet. Resolution is not super-sharp -- you can't make out license plate numbers or faces unless the camera is a lot closer.The Internet viewing feature requires that you keep the display in the base station and connect the base station to your router via an Ethernet cable. The recording feature is disabled when using the Internet viewing, but you can take snapshots using the smartphone app or when viewing from your computer browser.All in all, it's a great product for what I need -- a few extra pairs of "eyes" to keep watch over my property. And the refurbished price of under $200 makes it even better.