My Father was looking for a DVR system for many years.  He had a camera and it was only to see when visitors were at his Garage door. He always felt that capturing the video would be useful as well.  We realized that he needed a DVR system. After months of looking I decided to do a search on my own and discovered this system on Amazon.  The system had many useful features like remote monitoring, Motion activated record, night vision to 30 Feet, and a total of 4 cameras for the rest of the house.  I told him about the price and he had me order it right away.  It came quickly and I had it out of the box on arrival.  After setting up the system we had instant access to the system from any PC in his house. Also after a helpful tutorial from the ZMODO website I was able to configure his router and we were accessible from the internet in about 10 minutes. There is no audio and the video is far from HD which you only get with systems that are twice as much as this one. It has PTZ ability for one camera but this is not shipped with one. Be careful because other DVR systems are not shipped with a hard drive. It will not record without one but this one has a 500GB drive installed.  Upon boot up it was not formatted but a little common sense or the ability to read instructions will help you through that part of the install. For the price this system is awesome.  I love the ability to name the channels, search for video by time and date, and you can do all of this remotely as well. Overall a great purchase.***Update***About a month after purchasing this item I noticed that the time was resetting to some other time Zone.  I called support and they worked quickly to create an RMA but I had to ask several times for them to send it VIA E-mail.  After receiving the e-mail I sent the device as they suggested without the remote and power adater.  A day or so went by and a new Device was sent to me however they sent it without a hard drive.  Now I had two of every accessory but did not have my 500GB hard drive. Also my dad had packed up the Camera power supply instead of the DVR power supply so I was short a Camera power supply too. After mumerous attempts I finally got the security system back but it could have been done more efficiently. THey should have just sent a new device to me and had me pack up my device and ship it back.  Still in all it is a good device and is working fine now however a repair should not have been necessary so soon. Also since it needed service so soon they should have sent me a new one the day I called. That way there would have not been any loss of security coverage while waiting for the device to get up and running again. I also needed video from the device recently and I was able to retrieve it but I could not play it on any device in my house. I have every Windows OS at my disposal and video converters did not work either. If it was more important video I may have tried harder to get it to work but I was able to watch it on the DVR.