I've had the camera up and running for a couple of weeks now and I am very happy with it.  The picture is good, the pan and tilt work fine and the night vision is excellent.  There was some reflection of the IR LEDs off of the plastic dome but it was negligible in my opinion.  The housing is pretty solid and looks nice, almost like an outside light. Physically and mechanically, this is a great camera for the price.  I would give it 5 stars but for the manual and the software interface which are both abysmal.  The manual I rec'd was not for the camera I bought.  Set up was similar but not the same.  I'm fairly savvy with networking and routers so I was able to get it running after about 30 minutes but someone who was not computer-minded would likely have a very difficult time trying to figure out what's going on.  The interface depicted in the manual and the one that comes with the camera are also completely different and many of the buttons in the software do not work (IR LEDs, etc).  Worse is that, things are described in the manual that you really have to work at to figure out in the interface.  That being said, it is possible to figure it out and now that it's up and running, I've had no problems with it, other than one reboot.  I guess I'd say that if you're tech-savvy and you don't mind the steep learning curve, this is a very good camera for the price.UPDATE:  Well, after using this for the better part of a year, I have to downgrade my recommendation.  While the CCD hardware is still in good shape (bright, well-detailed picture) the wireless hardware and perhaps the power systems have degraded significantly.  Shortly after I posted my initial recommendation, I started having issues with reboots.  For no apparent reason, the camera would shut down and restart.  The restart was immediate so it was kind of like a power cycle but I have no idea as to why this would happen.  It could happen at any time of the day or night and there was nothing obvious to blame it on.  Since it did reboot immediately, it was more of an annoyance than anything else and it seems to have leveled off to happening once or twice a month.  The more important issue is the wireless.  About 2 months after I purchased it, I noticed I wasn't getting a picture.  At first I thought it was another reboot, but after looking at the camera, I could see it was working, I just wasn't getting a signal.  I tried connecting it directly to my ethernet and then I got a picture.  So I fiddled with the antennae, checked all of the connections and rebooted.  Still nothing.  Finally, I went into the software and re-entered all of the info for my local net and rebooted again - it worked!  Since then, this has happened 3 times and each time, the only fix I've found is to re-enter the network data.  Again, this is more of an annoyance than anything else (now that I know what to do) but, with the other issue, it's resulted in a lowering of my recommendation.  Hopefully, with the newer cameras, these issues will be fixed, but until then, I'd have to say - stay away from this model