The camera works far better than I expected it to.  Easy initial setup, very good quality clear picture/sound and extremely good IR night vision.  The pan/tilt function is easy and smooth.This is my first W-Fi camera but I do have 2 Zmodo DVR(s) with 4 wired cameras attached to each of them.  They are both attached to my router via Ethernet cables so I've had to deal with port forwarding and various camera software packages on both Windows and Android platforms before.Setup is very simple: screw the antenna on, plug the camera into the power adapter, plug the supplied Ethernet cable into the camera & your router and place the CD in your computer/open it up.  It doesn't have an auto start program - open the readme.txt file.  It instructs you to select one of the first 3 folders depending on your system Win XP, Win 7 or Apple.  Click on the appropriate (or closest version) and click on setup.  The program will install "IP Tool".When the installation is finished click on "IP Tool", it will bring up a box with an "TEMPORARY" IP address, click on it and follow the rest of the screens/instructions till you have your camera working.Next you need to set it up for wireless, the easiest way is to hit the WPS button on your router and on the camera to automatically sync them up.  On the camera bottom there is a little pin hole - use a paper clip or tooth pick and hold it down for 4 seconds. That will sync them up.This is were I ran into the first issue NOT covered in the manual.  When the camera sync(s) up with the router it is assigned a new "permanent" IP address.  You need to know what that is.  For what ever reason the "IP Tool" would not display it initially.  To find it I logged onto my router and displayed history.  That showed the assigned (local) IP address.I took the camera to the other side of my house and plugged it in the wall.  I opened my browser and typed in the IP address and the camera came right up and worked great.On the CD in another folder is the Foscam camera program that has more features and options than the built in program on the camera.  I loaded the Windows 7 version on my Windows 8 64-bit computer but could get it to work at all.  I tried all the tricks, running it in Windows 7 & XP Mode as well as administrator.  It just starts sits a few seconds and ends - period.I loaded it on my Windows 7 notebook.  The program does start but never will recognize the camera after I input the correct settings.  I went to Focam's website.  There were now newer versions of this program.  I checked for firmware updates, after playing their games of registering, confirming the registration, the emailed me a list of firmware.  Mine was up to date - BUT IF you ever update your firmware NOTE: camera version warnings or you could kill your camera.There are plenty of other free or cheap camera software programs out there if you are running multiple cameras and need a program.  IF this is your only camera, the built in camera program accessed by typing the IP address is probably fine.On my Android tablet I just opened Google Chrome and typed the IP address and the camera came up BUT without full pan/tilt function.  I loaded the free Foscam program from the Google store but again it would not recognize my camera.  I already had "IP Cam Viewer Lite" another free app from the Google store.  I use that to view my other cameras.  I added the new Foscam camera to it (it has a large database of cameras to include this one) and it came right up.  It had all the pan/tilt functions but NOT sound.  That requires the full version that costs a couple of buck.I give the camera its self 5 Stars - it is a great camera!  The Foscam software is pretty bad, luckily there are others out there.  PLUS Foscam will NOT provide any technical assistance if you call/email.  There website clearly states that they will only do so for items bought directly from them - NOT Amazon or Ebay!  I never heard that one before - pretty weak.  Also of note that there is a new model of this camera - same number but with the addition of "IR" at the end.  Maybe why these are so cheap - to clear out the old stock.I purchased mine by clicking on the "Buy Used and Save" that you see on several of "Sold by Amazon" listing which have returns or open/damaged boxes.  I got mine for $56.99 - I figured it would either work or I'd send it back - saved $10