This is my fourth Panasonic IP/network camera.  They have progressively improved with each generation; I'm really impressed with the improvements.  All of these camera work flawlessly if you configure them in your home network correctly.  It does take a bit of IT know-how to get everything from these cameras that they are capable of.I started with the Panasonic's first generation and got a BL-C1A and BL-C20A. These allowed me to see what was going on at my house while I was away, notify me if motion detection was triggered, view the cameras from outside my house and also send captured images off-site to other computers/servers.  When viewing the camera remotely, the Panasonic web server software only refreshed the image every three seconds; it did not have streaming MPEG functionality. The fixed CMOS sensors in this first generation have very good low-light ability; but the image quality overall is average (but sufficient).I then purchased a second-generation BL-C131A. This camera has the same CMOS sensor as the BL-C1A and BL-C20A but it is now pan-and-scan.  That is really nice to be able to look around the camera from different angles.  It also added MPEG4 streaming video which is a huge improvement over refreshing the image every 3 seconds in the first generations. The web server software was also much faster in this second generation camera.  When viewing remotely, I can get 2-3 frames per second on a PC browser or about 1 FPS on my iPhone when streaming MPEG4 from the camera.I purchased this third generation BL-C230A camera and am really impressed by it. It also has pan-and-scan functionality. The CMOS sensor is very different in this model.  It has about 2-3 times the effective resolution when streaming MPEG4. The frame rate is noticeably faster and the image quality is superb. It really looks great.  Low light ability has virtually disappeared, however.  It doesn't work well in low-light at all. If you need a low-light camera, you really should get something else.  I do not need a low-light camera however, so that doesn't affect me.  For the price and how much Panasonic has improved these cameras' functionality, I'm extremely pleased, especially with the newest, 3rd generation here.If you have issues with the cameras on your network, you don't have your router and client devices configured correctly. I use static IP address assignment so that I can connect to the camera from outside my home. You must set the port forwarding to the camera from the WAN (outside from the internet) in your router so that the port is forwarded from the internet to the camera's IP address.  You also must enable UPnP in your router.  If you want to access your camera from the internet, the easiest way is to set up a free account with DynDNS.  I can't tell you how to do this, as Amazon has edited my post, removing the URL formatting with the port info. But you will be able to access your camera from any browser on the internet if you use a free DNS service like DynDNS and make sure you handle your ports correctly.If you have an iPhone, there is an app called Mobiscope that allows you to easily view these Panasonic cameras remotely. You just enter your DynDNS URL, port and login information and it will automatically bring up your camera's view screen. It's really nifty. It's also very easy to log in and remotely view the camera using the Safari browser in the iPhone. You also can configure the camera to send you text messages whenever it has detected motion.I've never had a problem with these cameras at all.  They work exceptionally well. I use several Linksys WRT54G/GL/GS routers at my home because they are so stable. I installed the powerful, free Tomato and DD-WRT firmware on them. This firmware makes it possible to very precisely control all your networked devices, especially these network cameras. These cameras, the Linksys WRT54G* family of routers and the Tomato firmware makes for an especially stable system.  Good luck and enjoy.