Instead of reviewing the installation of the camera, I'm going to review its ability to work with Mac systems.  As you can imagine, this camera is better supported under Windows that other operating systems.  If there's any support for Linux, I can't find it.Mac OS X versions 10.6 and higher are supported.  I have 10.6.8.  I couldn't find the install CD for some reason, so I just went to the qsee.com web site to download the latest version.  Frankly, this is what everone should be doing normally, anyway.There are two versions of the software.  The first, called PSS, is the full version for OS X 10.6 and 10.7 only.  Alternatively, you can use the "mini" version.  The mini version is required for OS X 10.8.  One problem with the full version is that it's actually an X Window app in disguise.  As such, you also need to install XQuartz.  The odd thing is that Mac OS X already comes with an X Window library, called X11.app.  XQuartz is actually the same thing as X11.app, so you shouldn't need to install XQuartz if you already have the default X Windows support.  However, I could not get PSS to start with just the default X11.app.  I had to install the XQuartz software, so now I have two different versions of X11 on my system.The mini version does not require X11, but it does have some limitations.  The QSee web site said that these limitations should be fixed in an update that should have been available by now.  There's no sign of it, however.The software is really bad.  The fonts are barely legible, which is ridiculous problem to have.  Because the full verison uses X11, it obviously is just a Unix application recompiled for the Mac, but the user interface is bad no matter what operating system you're using.  The mini version is a native Mac application, but it also has a bad interface.  What's odd is that since it's really an X Window application, then where is the Linux version?The video stream has two problems.  First, while receiving video, both of my CPU cores are pegged at 100% utilitization.  This is stupid.  Second, the camera uses 1MB/second of bandwidth, regardless as to whether the video quality is "high" or "low".  What that means is that the camera always stream high-quality video, but it's the software that downgrades it.  This is dumb, because the whole point behind lowering the video quality is to lower the network usage.Another problem with the software is that it could not find my camera on the network.  I had to look up the IP address in my router's DHCP list, and then type in that address into the PSS software.This camera is not a pan-tilt-zoom (PTZ) camera.  You cannot remotely aim the camera or zoom in/out.  You have to disassemble the dome with a small allen wrench and manually tilt the camera lens.  This is also how you access the SD card slot.  You cannot pan the camera at all -- you have to choose the direction when you install the camera.  So choose wisely.