I have owned two dropcams for approximately eight months now. My Brother also owns three dropcams. So this is the deal with dropcams: First of all, they are very high quality cameras for home security. The HD resolution has set a new benchmark in this area of home and/or business security. The camera setup is very easy and once you have completed it you can forever disconnect the camera from your computer because each individual dropcam will now "recognize" your broadband router. This is a huge advantage over other systems because you no longer have to keep your computer running 24/7 and the power consumption of each camera is quite minimal. The cameras run off of a USB power cube typical of the iPhone variety. The power cord is long enough that for most positioning applications there should not be a problem. My Brother runs two of his cams with extension cords due to the distance from the power source. He has not reported any problems with this setup. So overall, the setup procedure could not be easier. After a very short screen setup procedure, the average time from box to operation takes about ten minutes. In the eight months of continuous operation my two dropcams have not had any major issues as far as picture quality, night vision capabilities or sound quality. The motion detection capabilities and time bar marker have worked perfectly and have been quite handy in checking back to review video clips. My Brother and I both subscribe to the remote "cloud service" offered by dropcam. This gives you a continuous seven day loop of all video captured by your cams. Now for the only complaint I have about the dropcam: You absolutely MUST have a VERY STRONG broadband signal in your home or business to ensure continuous and consistant operation of these cameras. Of the five cameras we have in different towns the same problem occured numerous times. The cameras will NOT work properly if your router is not putting out a strong signal and is in CLOSE proximity to the actual cameras. It took us both a couple of weeks to figure out why the cameras broadcast signal kept dropping out. The issue seems to be with the cameras inability to capture a marginal router signal. Where other electronic items such as phones, ipads and laptop computers have no problem capturing the exact same signal strength, the dropcams just can't recieve it for some reason. At first I thought I may have a defective camera but all five of our dropcams have the same issue and all five are in completely different settings using different brands of routers. We finally solved the issue by purchasing new top of the line "N" routers and positioning the routers so that there was no more than a thirty foot distance between the router and cams. This completely solved the issue and aside from some momentary signal dropoffs from time to time we have had excellent service from these cams. So overall I am giving dropcam four stars. It has solved all our home security issues. They are available for viewing on our Iphones, Ipads and all home computers instantly from anywhere. The video quality is excellent and once correctly set up have proved to be very usefull.