I wanted to write up a bit of info for any Linux users looking to use this IP camera.  First I'll start with a general review of the camera itself though, from a techie standpoint.Overall the camera is quite nice.  It is a bit bulky and so is noticeable when mounted somewhere.  It has a good range of motion and the IR lights are a nice touch.  Access to the device is primarily via the web interface, which includes changing the settings of the camera as well as viewing a live feed and controlling the pan/tilt.  There is no zoom on this camera that I can see.You can also access stored information about the camera via cgi calls to its web server.  So you can set and get specific parameters once you know the right web call.  This makes for excellent access via external applications, which I cover a bit later.The quality of the video is mediocre.  The lens has a twistable ring for focus, but that must be done manually.  So try to set the focus before mounting it way up high.  otherwise you'll need to use the live view on a laptop or something so you can fine tune the focus.  The ring is hard to twist so expect to use both hands (one to brace the device, another to twist).  Once focused things still are quite grainy.  If I had to try to identify anyone in the video I doubt I could unless they were within a few feet of the camera - otherwise the image is too grainy/low quality.  It is good enough to see what is going on in the video though.I have found that once a day or two the video will "glitch" for a frame or two, which fires off a motion detection alert.  I also see it spontaneously reboot once a week or so.  No real harm in these things though, and I assume further firmware changes might resolve these issues.The web interface is totally geared to Internet Explorer as it uses an ActiveX component.  Recent firmware upgrades (that were already installed on my shipped device) allow other browsers to login and see live video via a "push mode" - not sure why they named it that.  So Firefox users can login and view live video, and access all the settings (almost).  The ability to set saved camera positions isn't easily accessed as some of the buttons and widgets are not totally visible on the screen in Firefox.I tested the email alert functionality, and found it fairly useless.  I spoke with Foscam support (who were quite responsive to my various queries both via email and phone) and the end result is that the email will contain a number of relevant snapshots (4-6 in my experiments) and they are taken at the beginning of the alert sequence.  So typically they were useless as the first second of an alert doesn't tell me anything about what actually happened during the motion detection.  I have disabled that functionality.I tested the FTP upload functionality and that works too.  However it doesn't upload anything other than a series of snapshots of the images - static pictures.  I'm not sure how it decides how many pictures to save but it drops lots of pictures in a single FTP folder.  I don't believe it has the ability to create subfolders to organize the images.I spoke with Foscam support about figuring out how to save video of a motion alert, and the only way to do that is to have an open browser window with the ActiveX component running.  That ActiveX component can be set up to save video to the local computer's drives.  Without ActiveX, there is no way to save video from this camera, and saving images doesn't really produce useful motion alert documentation.Foscam suggested a few 3rd party software solutions that could save video - none of them work on Linux.  Most require purchasing.At this point Foscam invited me to send an email to their engineering dept to express a desire to get the camera working without relying on ActiveX.  I never heard back (over a month ago).  So I'm not holding my breath.But I did end up keeping the camera because there is one bright spot in this story: Zoneminder.  This open source camera monitoring application runs on Linux and I was able to use their documentation to setup the camera to work for motion detection as well as control via the Zoneminder web interface.  I haven't been able to get motion tracking to work though.  Zoneminder monitors the camera's video feed remotely and analyzes the images looking for motion detection.  So basically I am using Zoneminder to do everything, and have turned off motion detection in the camera.  Zoneminder has some seriously awesome functionality - if you're looking for security camera software you should check it out.  This camera though is basically working as an IP webcam with pan/zoom - so watch the price of the camera as there may be cheaper options out there if you want to use Linux.There are also some nice 3rd party apps out there for iOS (iPod/iPhone/iPad) as well as Android that allow you to view the camera's feed and manipulate the pan/zoom.I wasn't able to get anything working with the audio in Linux.  I think one of the Android apps worked with it though - I haven't investigated it further yet.Overall I am somewhat happy with the camera, but only because of Zoneminder.  I would have returned it otherwise.  The resolution of the camera is mediocre so don't buy if you're expecting serious monitoring.  I have uploaded a still image captured from the Foscam web interface during the day, and I have uploaded a video export from Zoneminder of the results of a night incursion from some masked marauders.  They give you a good representation of what to expect from the camera.Video:[...]Snapshot: [...]