I bought this camera because it seemed like a good deal for the price, and to some extent it is. Setup was easy following the step by step instructions on the card it comes with. The only issues come up when you realize that Mac functionality was probably added as an afterthought. When the Setup utility finishes, it's supposed to allow you to go into the remote access setup to stream your camera online. The instructions even depict a screen where you click"Next" after setup to continue there. On your Mac, however,  that button doesn't appear. I tried three Mac OSX versions, from Tiger through Snow Leopard: no button. But not to worry, the setup utility placed an alias on my desktop to access the the camera's internal server and make some adjustments that way. You launch it, and are pleasantly surprised to find you are now able to go through a browser-based menu and make changes to the image quality,  set up email alerts with photo or video attachments, and it all seems great. I was not able to test FTP uploads so I can't comment on that, but emailing images works great. I was disappointed to see the longest image series it sends is either 5 photos (one per second for 5 seconds) or 5 seconds of video, but you can set the refresh rate per event to 0 minutes and the camera is triggered then almost immediately by new motion to keep capturing the next series. I was not able to figure out continuous streaming just yet because the camera defaults to their vendor of choice for that, TZO, and you only get a free trial before paying. Since I have my own web space, I'd rather wait and see if I can stream it free somehow when I have more time, but I suspect that may be complicated. I tried and I was not able to get the camera to be selected by CamTwist to be used by a site like Ustream, and my research on line seems to indicate that you can't do it. I suspect I'll be herded into TZO's customer database sometime soon.All of this is about as good as I'd expect from a camera at this price, but there's one MAJOR flaw in the software where you adjust the camera itself; the button to adjust motion sensor sensitivity (zones, etc) simply does not work on a Mac. It launches an empty window. I tried several OS versions and several browsers including an old Explorer for Mac. No dice. My camera also doesn't seem to see even extreme "motion" (me flailing wildly) in stark silhouette in front of a well lit window (the exact place I bought it to monitor) or in my kitchen with very flat bright lighting, and I can't access the sensitivity settings to play with it. In other areas, it worked well and seemed very sensitive, but it's a total roll of the dice without access to those settings.The box clearly lists OS requirements for different aspects of setup (although it's a bit messed up that you'd have different requirements for different aspects of the same product)  but beware of web sites that just condense these into the "Mac compatible" heading; if you have a Mac as it's only partially true. I'll have to borrow someone's PC laptop and run the software to readjust the camera. If it makes a difference, I'll update.