This was our 3rd video baby monitor. We had a Summer Infant that was good and worked well for Baby 1. Then we switched to another Lorex for the improved video quality. We got this one with Baby 2 to have the pan/tilt over the crib and to have the 2 cameras at once. I have bought hundreds of things on Amazon and this is the first time I've felt the NEED to write a review. My husband and I love all the features of this monitor - the video quality was exceptional compared to other brands.The battery stopped holding more than an hour's charge after couple months, we adjusted and would bring the power cable out of our bedroom when we needed it. Then a couple of weeks ago, the battery door on the parent receiver popped open because the battery had swollen so much. Assuming the company would send a new battery, I logged a technical support ticket. Then I heard nothing. About a week later, a got a notice saying my ticket was closed. So I called. A very nice technical person said sometimes that happens (really?) and she'd forward my ticket to Customer Support for a replacement.Then I started interacting with CS. They told me I would need to pay to send the receiver back to them and they would assess it and send me replacement within 5-7 days. I followed up via their web service to clarify that I would need to pay to send back a defective device and be without a monitor for about 2 weeks. They confirmed and said their policy is to have the customer pay shipping one way for replacements and they would pay the other. I could call and put a $40 deposit down if I wanted the replacement first.So, I called to talk to Lorex Customer Service / Support. Having waited about 35 mins on hold, listening to their message about "having to be in warranty", "please try to help yourself using FAQs on website first" and "be sure to have your return authorization number"...I decided this is not a customer service oriented company. (Look at other Lorex products on Amazon...you'll see a trend.) Finally, the CS Rep picks up and after I asked several questions and expressed my disappointment at the level of customer service, I was told "we don't do customer service, we do replacements under warranty." (really?!) I asked to be put through to a supervisor, whom he assured me would have the same answers...then transferred me to reception? After another 30 mins, the CS Supervisor told me that if I had read the warranty, it said I would have to pay to ship the monitor to them. I explained that it was a defective product and shouldn't have to pay anything. (I do understand the deposit process, as people are not returning products.) He finally (rudely) issued me a shipping label and hung up on me.You can buy this product, but hope your works perfectly. The atrocious customer service doesn't make it worth it.