I just got the camera set up after stumbling a bit in the initial set up process (camera should be at least 5 ft away from router). I called tech support (Harry Foster) who made it a breeze to get my camera working. They did everything by remote viewer so I was able to watch as Harry was in control of my computer installing the latest firmware and checking my ip address and router set up. If you are not a techie yourself, then no worries as you can just call them and they will direct you to a website, click a button, give them the code and they will do the set up remotely. The camera is great (love that you can remote control it). Home security is important and I already have external cameras - I bought this model for the inside. I like the fact that there is a sd card slot so it will record onboard as well. Great product (***wait, read updates below***) and as mentioned great tech support (only had to wait about 2 mins to get a rep).  Highly recommend.Update 10/25/2013I am sadly changing this from 5 stars to 1. I was impressed originally with how the tech support got the camera up and running remotely, however, out of 2 cameras ordered, I am now on my 3rd replacement and the wifi just cut out so I may be looking at a 4th replacement. I have tried calling tech support for the last 1 1/2 hours and I'm just getting a busy signal. The 1st replacement was due to the SD Card reader not working. The next two replacements were because the camera would not connect and when I tried turning off and on and resetting they would just continuously spin around. I hope this wifi issue I currently have will be an easy fix if I can get in touch with tech support. I would not purchase this camera again as they obviously have quality control issues. My second last replacement was Version 2 and it seems to be ok at the moment. I wish you all the best luck if you get Version 1. I am also a little angry at myself because the 3rd time I sent back the camera I forgot to remove the SD Card (32gb) and when I asked if they could send it back, I was told "sorry, the box has already been opened", so it cost me another $20 for a new card, that was my bad.Update 11/09/2013I did get through to tech support on 10/25 and they were as always very helpful and got the camera running again. No issues so far and both cameras are performing as they should.Update 2/22/2014Well, the wifi option of the camera konked out again and I called tech support. The first person struggled for a while and when I later mentioned this was the 3rd replacement the line disconnected or dropped, whatever. I called back again and got a different tech support guy who again went through various things. After a good 10 minutes he seemed stumped and again I mentioned this current camera is my 3rd replacement - the line dropped. I am giving up on the wifi which is the whole reason why I bought this camera. I am going to have to relocate the camera in a spot I really did not want to locate it to only because I will now have to rely on a hardwire (ethernet cable). This camera model was a nice idea but it always fails. I was tempted to call back and ask for another replacement (there is a newer version) but am tired of paying $15 postage each time and with this track record, could not trust it to be reliable. 0 out of 5 stars!Update 3/10/2014Hardwired my Foscam, external viewing still not working. At least the alarm setting with email is working or rather was - it worked for all of 1 day before the whole camaera went kaput! Now I get" Oops! Google Chrome could not connect to (ip address)". I called my folks who's last replacement was version 2  only to find out theirs had developed the same problem as a previous one of the camera continually swivelling around searching. We are fed up giving Foscam a chance and paying for all these return shippings. An original order of 2 Foscams gave way to a total of 5 Foscam units with the replacements, none of which now work. Ridiculous! If anyone knows of a reliable manufacturer of an internal home security cam, please let me know.