[All comments in brackets are my updated review after two weeks of use.][I had mine for almost two weeks and I have to add this update to warn others of this cheap product!][The below "Cons" was my first impression after a quick use of the item. I now have to remove the "Pros" segment from my first review because of my experience since. The Pros was its multi-features: MP3, camera, vd and audio record, and a clock; and good camera resolution; however, all things considered, this is a compiled flop for an $80 item. Every time I look at this item, it reminds me to ask myself, "When will it break?" Well, from a usage stand-point, it just broke. I was sold on some amazing 5 star "in your dreams" reviews; NOW, I want to give others a heads up from my reality perspective. Here's what I experienced since:][The battery power ONLY on clock mode didn't last for two days after a full charge. The clock went out in about 9+ hours. You have to keep the short (2') USB plugged to a power source if you want the simple clock mode to work on an uninterupted basis, this is standard with any clock device. You *might* get 30-40 minutes (on my first full battery charge and recording time seems to drop thereonafter) of vd recording time on battery and that's not in the infrared mode which seems to reduce recording time to about 18-25 minutes. (Recording time might differ depending on the state of the generic battery that came with your unit.) The generic battery included is not a lithium battery--I assume this by its short power life (all wording on the battery is in Chinese and battery type is missing also missing in the English portion of the instruction booklet). The instruction book states the Nokia Li-on BL-5C is a compatible battery which you have to purchase separately. After the clock on battery went out, I plugged in the USB to recharge battery and for whatever reason the SD card in the shabby back slot spat out/shot out/ejected itself a few inches from the SD port! Is it suppose to do that? I doubt it, NO. $80 dollars of headache, guessing, assumptions, unpredictable behaviors, and unknowns make this item unreliable and a rip off at $80.00! Maybe, had they focused only on the vd recording feature disguised as a clock, this item could have been useful; instead, it got pare down with too much features and everything got diluted to tasteless water. I would not recommend this item except to my enemies so they would be bogged down in frustrations.][Below was part of my original review; I have removed the "Pros" segment, which was mainly the multi-features which turned out to be watered down additives.]Cons: It a cheaply made low quality gadget. The selection buttons are slow-responsive, not accurate, "menu" and "mode" button function overlaps in certain commands, innards look cheap (you can see some of the internal after *dropping out the battery*--the battery just sits into place, held up by an under plate of cheap clear toy quality plastic; no spring hinge and no tension holding it in place, just the cheap bottom cover. The bottom cover can easily break off if you snap the tiny thin hinges too hard or too often. If you lose the use of the bottom cover, the battery would just drop out. It is that cheap. The instruction booklet is the worst size 6 font, 2x3, 8 page booklet I've ever read (I didn't bother using it beyond the "hold both volumes" button down to access the *spy feature menu*); I figure everything out on my own. The electric wall adaptor is cheaply made too (the USB mates loosely with the adaptor leaving about 1/8 of the USB neck exposed and at a slant--you have to keep the item plugged to the AC/DC outlet and I can't help but wonder if the cheap USB adaptor would fry and cause a fire--I HOPE NOT--it's that cheap in quality). I'm not a package freak, beautiful packaging means more waste for landfills, but this item look like something you pick out from a pile of table want-nots off a street seller after no one bought it for a long time. You'll have to repackage the entire content if you want to give it as a gift.