Compact?  Compared to the keyboard I got with my Dell desktop, this keyboard is only 1.5 inches less side to side and 2.5 inches more front to back.  It is about a half inch larger in both dimensions than the no longer available Logitech compact keyboard.Like the Logitech keyboard, the V7 has no extra space between the function keys and the numeric keys.  Given the deeper front to back size of both of these keyboards, it is difficult to understand this lack of the normal separation of these rows of keys.  Both keyboards lack the grouping of the function keys into groups of four.Again, like the Logitech keyboard, The applications menu key has been moved from the right side of the spacebar to the left.  The windows key is now the third key from the left rather than the second key as it is normally.  The difference in these keys is that the Logitech keyboard marks the windows key with a raised bump to help distinguish it.  The V7 keyboard lacks that distinction.A major difference between the V7 and the Logitech keyboard can be found in the cursor pad.  Logitech chose to use smaller slim keys for this purpose thus creating a cursor pad with a smaller footprint but with a bit more separation between it and the keyboard and numeric keypad.  The V7 uses normal size keys for this purpose, making them a bit closer to the adjacent keyboard and numeric pad and quite a bit more difficult to identify by touch.The V7 arranged the page up/down, home/end and insert/delete keys between the keyboard and the numeric pad.  The keys are in two columns of three.  Logitech moved these keys above the numeric keypad.  Neither positioning is very good.  With either keyboard, I tend to use the numeric keypad for these functions rather than trying to quickly find the misplaced keys.  While this is a toss up, Logitech did gain the advantage of not trying to squeeze these keys into the usual position and was able to provide a slightly larger separation between key groups in this area.The V7 keyboard has special Microsoft applications keys above the keypad.  Since these keys start applications, I'd prefer that they not be positioned where they may be hit while attempting to use the numeric keypad.  I much prefer the choice that Logitech made in using this area for the page up/down and home/end keys.While the key spacing of the V7 is normal, the key tops are not.  They are very flat and larger than normal.  There is very little space between keys.  This increases the tendency to miss the center of the keys, causing them to sometimes be hard to press.  The smaller gap between keys seems to increase the problem of junk making the keys stick and much harder to shake the junk out to unstick them.  I've had had a much greater problem with stuck keys on the V7 than I've had with any other keyboard I've used.  The little nub on the F and J keys are quite small, making them hard to feel when positioning your fingers on the keyboard.While the V7 keyboard is heavier than I've grown accustomed to, that added weight doesn't seem to indicate better quality.  Of the three keyboards I purchased, one was DOA.  Two columns of keys didn't function - the column of keys that include the 6 and 7 keys.  Add to that the tendency for keys on the V7 to stick, and you've got a very unsatisfactory product.All in all, I much prefer the Logitech keyboard to the V7.  Logitech seems to produce a higher quality product with far better ergonomics.  While I would like a good compact keyboard, the V7 just won't do.March 14, 2013:I had to drag out one of the surviving keyboards six months after replacing them with a very basic Logitech keyboard.  I found the keyboard so difficult to use that I'm trashing them and getting a couple of Logitech basic keyboards as my spares.