It was between Infant Optics or Dropcam but based on all the good reviews, we went with the Infant Optics for our baby registry. Unfortunatly it was a defective product that broke the second time we turned it on.  It feels like a cheaply made product and customer service was extremely difficult to work with to get the issue resolve.  Stay Away!We were excited to recieve it as a gift in the mail one day and immediately opened it up and tried the set up.  We're we sorely disappointed.  First of all it's very cheap quality feel and I just had a bad feeling from the get go. Each piece has a cord adapter to plug in and I found the set up to be a little difficult especially with the camera. Once we got it plugged in you have to synch the camera to the monitor and it was difficlut to get it to synch.  Lots of annoying, loud beeping as we tried and tried and finally got it to synch.  Then it would un-synch for no reason so we tried again.  The camera itself is difficult to place so that you can actually see your baby.  It points upward but we wanted to place it on an adjacent dresser and point it down into the crib.  Well that required using an extra stand/adapter that they provide, but it's extremely flimsy and tips easily.  Also the placement of the on/off button of right where you want to hold it so just picking up the camera means you're probably going to turn the camera off or on by accident, AND have to go through the whole synch process all over again.  BUT unfortunately when I turned it on again the camera didn't turn on at all.  I couldn't get to work.So the next day I called customer service and they had me test to see if it was the adapter cord or the actual camera.  I determined that it was the adapter and called them back at which point they asked me for the details of the order.  Well, I knew this was going to be complicated becasue it's a gift.  She refused to send me a new adapter until I was able to provide this order information. Why, when a company has a defective product, do I feel like I have to do all the recovery work for them and explain myself.So now I have to call the kind, generous person who purchased the product for us and explain that their gift was defective and ask them to find the order information in their email and send it to me, so Infant Optics can enter it into their system and send me an adapter that probably costs them 50 cents.  Even when I finally get the adapter probably well after our baby is born, I'm not going to be happy with this product.I really wish I had gone with the Dropcam and probably will just end up buying it anyway.