Small touch #1  A mode to detect if your phone line has been cut.  This is very useful regardless as to wither you use the alarm (which you will) or not.  Basically if your line is dead it starts beeping.  This is great to alert you to call your phone company for a problem you would not even know you had.Small touch #2  Two key chain entries.  Other systems only come with one in the set.  I ordered at extra one for $12#3 Modes to remind you to set the alarm of a door you regularly go out of#4  Defeats the old baseball bat smash the unit trick and here is how.  Keychains let you put the unit somewhere secure.  We have a locked office where my phone line is.  Which is perfect.  Another system I looked at has a separate base, which is supposed to solve this problem, but think about it.  If a robber see's the keypad and smashes it, he thinks he has defeated your system.  By the time the police arrive he is long gone.  In this system you HIDE the keypad and use the key chain and then he hears the alarm gets scared and runs away.  Basically what I am saying is that the robber will THINK the brains are in the keypad even if he hears an alarm.  I.E. He will think that is a local alarm, and nothing to worry about.  But in this system because you get two keychains you NEVER use the keypad at all, and you just hide it or lock it somewhere.  To do that with other systems you need to order MORE keychains.#5 Support is great. Quick, and easy, call and they answer. The manual is pretty clear but there is a lot to read.  Don't skim like I did and you will have no problems installing.#6  Keypad is solid.  Buttons push well, not junk, high quality.#7  Wireless sensors tops pop off for EASY battery replacement#8 Home alarm mode turns off motion sensors.  Very easy to work system with keychain, disarm, arm away, arm home, panic#9 Love the included dedicated remote panic. Put it by the bed.  Now lets say My wife is at home and I am shopping and she has a problem, she feels sick or fell, and can't really use the phone.  She hits that and walah I get a call.  Or if someone comes to the door, she hits that and the alarm goes off and I get a call.  I really LOVE the fact that YOU decide who gets the call. I want the call not some monitoring site, where I have to pay lots of extra money, and also have false alarms where the irritated cops come out.#10 You can dial in and control the system.  And when you get the call * lets you HEAR what is going on.  Say maintance comes over,  I can listen in on what they are doing.#11 Price,  you get 8 sensors, two key chains, and a panic alarm for $120 that is CRAZY, half the price of the completion and the ONLY thing this system doesn't have is cellphone calls.  But we have a real phone line, so it works for us.  If they added cell also it would be practically perfect.basically I love this thing.  I love the fact that it solves so many MORE problems than just security.  Like the my phone is out problem.  Or the  I can't dial a phone problem, You think I am nuts about this, but let me tell you I have had a concusion once in a car crash and I was not able to "think" well enough to use a phone, even though I could walk around.  If that happened at home I could hit the BIG RED button and my wife would be coming home, or visa versa.  That is a REAL BIG PLUS.One tip.  Don't install the sticky tape on the back of the sensors before pulling off the silver number sticker and putting it on the front of the sensor.  This makes remembering which sensor is which easy.Seriously BELIVE the good reviews on this.  This is just a terrific product that for $120 gets you some serious alarm qualities that is easy to use, easy to set up, solidly build and will last.  And is portable.Just a great product