I thought I would add to my experience with setting up a BL-131A on my MacBook (OS X 10.5) incase anyone else is searching for help as I was, since Panasonic provides no instructions or support for Macs.I bought my BL-131A for two purposes; first to watch my dogs during the day, and two to watch my house when on vacation. I liked the idea that it's wireless (which was easy to log into my home WiFi network) and has motion detection. Well of course the install CD is just for Windows. So while searching on google by the camera model and "OS X" as I was originally told that it would work on a Mac, I found a tech page that said to entire 10.0.1.253 into Safari that will bring up the camera's web software! And it did!I also registered at [...] for my own web address to view and control the camera from the internet (outside of my home network). The registration instructions said that I would receive an email, which I assumed I would have to receive before the web address worked? However I found out that the cam was showing up on the internet without this email (just took a day or so).Now for vacations, I have also setup the motion detection which is a great security feature to keep an eye on my home when I am gone. It will email up to three email addresses with a picture it takes every second (for as long as I want) when it detects anything that moves in front of the camera, which I have it set to email the pictures to my iPhone for one. Very, very cool!As far as the camera, I'm pleased with it as it is easy to use. Of course I'll note that the audio does not work for Macs and from another web site I read, someone said that Panasonic may do an update in the it's firmware to make audio work on Macs (but nothing as of yet and it's been more then six months since I bought mine). Plus the I don't have a mouse with a click wheel, so I can't get the camera to zoom in (which I read that it is suppose to do?).I can already see purchasing another camera, however that is if Panasonic gets the audio to work for Macs, which is why I am only giving this a three star rating. It would also be nice for Panasonic to include some OS X instructions!UPDATE: Being that I was in part using this camera as a dog cam, it turns out that it's long power cord was an attraction for one of my dogs. She was tugging at it and brought the camera down to the floor which landed on a metal base of a lamp. The fall was hard enough that it scratched the camera's plastic cover, and as a result the camera is no long working. All attempt to reset it have failed.I would like another one, but I think I'll wait and hope that in the future Panasonic releases a more Mac compatible camera. I'll also note that I posted this same review on Panasonic's web site for this camera, and they would not post it there. Looks like they only want five-star ratings! Shame on them.