Based on my research, it seems the two best monitors at this time are the Lorex Live Sense with pan/tilt and the Summer Baby Touch. I tried them both and ultimately chose the Lorex. The bottom line is Lorex has a voice (or cry) activated system in their monitors that helps me sleep much better. The monitor only turns itself on when it senses noise above a certain decibel. You can set the sensitivity of this to your comfort level. I wake in an instant for all the grunts, coughs, and resettling noises my kids make so standard monitors are essentially worthless. In addition, I don't like having the screen on all night because it wakes me...yes I'm a little high maintenance when it comes to sleep. When it turns on you can choose to have picture, sound, or both. I keep the sound off for my husband because just the screen turning on wakes me up. So....this feature is what makes the video monitor worth it for me or I probably wouldn't be able to use a monitor at night at all or I'd be a zombie.Another reviewer mentioned that their Lorex parent unit beeped when they were using the pan/tilt feature which concerned me. My unit does NOT do this so maybe they fixed that glitch.I like the buttons and layout of the Lorex better and like the voice activated system of the Lorex, but everything else is better on the Summer. The camera movement of the Summer is virtually silent and the power light is more discreet than the Lorex. That said, my kids didn't seem to notice the light motor noise of the Lorex camera moving. The summer units (both parent unit and cameras) seem more sturdy and better constructed. The Summer's kickstand is way better, more sturdy. My only big complaint with the Summer, aside from not having the voice activated feature, is all the screen tapping I had to do to switch cameras from one kid to the other. It's pretty tough to do in the middle of the night and had me praying I liked the Lorex better. Thankfully the Lorex just has a button on the side to toggle between cameras. The temperature monitor with the Lorex is pretty nice, but not a make it/break it for me. I mounted the lorex units on the wall with 3M mounting strips without a problem. Each camera is about a 1/2 lb.Finally, the Lorex has a power light on the parent unit that is REALLY bright. It does not face the front thankfully, but I plan to cover it with electrical tape because it lit up the wall next to my bed. Both units have lights on the front to indicate how much noise it is sensing. The Summer lights are a bit brighter and would probably bug me :).Interesting differences: The Lorex has the time right on the screen, but no battery indicator. It just alerts you when you're getting low. On battery power, the Lorex will allow you to keep the screen on until it dies while the Summer will not. It turns off after maybe 10 seconds and you have to hit the screen or a button to turn it back on. Battery and reception seem good on both. The Lorex has a little antenna you can pop up if needed. I had reception in my neighbor's yard across the street with the Lorex (didn't try with the Summer). I'm buying this to replace my Lorex Snap and both of these units are leaps above that one in reception, construction, and ease of use.If you're a sensitive sleeper, the Lorex is great. If you tolerate having a monitor on all night long and don't mind lots of screen tapping to switch cameras, then I'd go with the Summer.