I was hesitant to purchase after looking at the negative reviews, but for the price I decided to try.First off, I would about guarantee that the majority of setup issues experienced are not caused by the camera but by the router being used by the customer purchasing.  Mine was an uncommon router and I had to play with the settings to get what I want.Also, anyone knows who has setup devices such as this including: wifi printers, etc, typically you must ALWAYS connect it with a cable to your system first to help setup.  After setup is complete, then you can unplug the cable and complete the wireless portion.To set my system up, I powered the camera inside beside my computer and plugged it directly into the router.  This helps avoid issues with wireless and firewalls until you get everything else set.  THEN unplug it and follow the instructions.  Once working, I took it outside and mounted it.  No problems at that point.I did not install any software.  I did RUN one file from the CD but did not install any.  If you purchase, to help setup, there is a youtube video that helps you just search for it.  I followed most of it, where I could and then experimented.The quality of the image is not the greatest, but then again it is a $50 camera.  I opted to purchase an inexpensive camera to see if I could get it to work.  I am using this camera for a weather cam on my weather website.  I have not been able to get it to transmit to the internet directly, but that is not the fault of the camera, it is because of my router's security.It will pan and tilt, but if you use the buttons in the browser to do so, bear in mind it will slew across until it reaches the furthest edge before rotating back the other direction.  Same with tilt.  It goes stop to stop.  You can stop it and set it where you want.  You can also use the additional buttons to set the image in the direction you want.  You can also set in the software for it to continually pan.IF YOU mount it upside down, ENSURE you click both the mirror and reversal button in the viewing browser.  Doing this makes it pan and tilt like it should.  If you do not mirror after reversing the image, it is backwards and the controls will respond backwards.The four stars is because of the lack of material to help.  I do not like CD manuals.  Most companies fail to realize that I am using my computer to set up their product and do not want to switch between screens to see the instructions.  Good to have a backup on the disc, but a printed manual should be included, a FULL manual, not a fold out palm sized informational flyer.Another problem I ran into was trying to get an image (still shot) from the camera.  Many software solutions want to use the camera to find that image.  This camera does not appear to store a still image in it's memory.  Instead you have a cgi link to get the live feed.  Problem there is getting that feed to use.  My weather software was able to do so, fortunately.  Had to use filezilla to capture that to my weather computer, but it works.Still tweaking to get live feed over the internet.  I cannot get it through my outside IP address because of the router....  Tried some forwarding solutions like DYNDNS but they were unable to as well.  It seems my router blocks access.  So if you have this problem, it may not be the fault of the camera but your router security settings....just saying.All in all, a good buy.  Just requires patience to setup.I am not proficient, by any means at this sort of thing.  But I can search the internet to find information that helped.