I read many reviews before purchasing this product and had really high hopes that it would be the perfect monitor for us, but it is in fact far from perfect. With that being said, I did keep the monitor and I use it for some of its features because I frankly can't find another monitor system with these features.Pros:1. The camera can operate on its battery (I occasionally move the camera to the car to monitor the kids if they fall asleep on the way home and I don't want to disturb their naps)2. It can have up to four cameras connected at once (I have 3 children under 3 all in different bedrooms, and all bedrooms are far from the master bedroom and I would never hear them without some sort of monitoring)3. Monitoring continues even if the electricity goes out - of course only until the batteries die (my Sony monitor shuts off completely if we lose electricity)4. I like that I can talk to the kids if I need to, however I don't use this feature often5. This is the first video monitor system that I have ever purchased, and I like having the option of looking in on the kids whenever I want6. It easily recognizes when to switch from day to night monitoring.Cons:1. The signal is very poor. I do live in an all brick house with some brick interior walls between bedrooms, and the master bedroom is on the opposite side of the house than the bedrooms; however, this monitor has the worst reception of all of the monitor systems I've tried. I can only get reception to just inside our bedroom door, which is a long distance from our bed. Therefore, I have to get out of bed to view the monitor, and it is harder to hear if someone is crying.2. The speaker is on the back and blocked when it is cradled in the charger, making it hard to hear3. The loudest setting is not very loud, all other monitors I've used you could turn the sound up much louder than this one can go4. The brightness of the monitor is annoying, even on the lowest setting. I lights up our whole bedroom even though it is far away from our bed. We have to place the unit face down when we are sleeping.5. The VOX doesn't work, even if you use it on only 1 camera. The screen and background chirping noise shut off for mere seconds before they come back on and stay on for about 8 seconds only to then shut off again momentarily. This happens over and over continuously while in VOX mode and is just plain annoying.6. The battery doesn't last very long, maybe 4 hours off of the base.7. When the battery dies the unit just shuts off, no warning beeping, nothing...just shuts off. I feel this is the most dangerous thing about the monitor, because I have a few times had it off the base thinking that I was monitoring a child only later to find out that it had shut itself off without warning. My Sony monitor beeps numerous times warning you that the battery is getting low - a pretty standard feature with monitors.8. There is a persistent chirping noise that never goes away. I guess making it a good thing that we have to have it so far away from our bed, because this is annoying as well.9. The video and audio are choppy, just plain and simply not a continuous feed.10. There are no lights indicating that someone is crying.11. The camera cord is short, I'd like to be able to mount the monitor high and in the corner so that I can get a good view of a majority of the older kids' bedrooms but I have been unable to get as good of a view as I would like.So although I have a video monitor in each of the kids' rooms so that I can look in on them if I want to; I actually monitor the baby with my sony audio monitor, which has awesome sound pick-up and a great voice activated system. I would not recommend using this monitor solely for any baby under 1 because you frankly can't hear them well enough. I use it for my older kids because they sleep through the night and I basically just need to look in at them to make sure they are asleep in their beds, and to see when they are awake in the morning. A pretty expensive investment for something that can't meet all of my needs. I wouldn't recommend this product, unless you are like me and need a few of the features that you can't find in any other monitor.