Well, the camera arrived on time, and I installed it. This is my fourth HooToo ptz camera, but the first one of this style with the enclosure, that I've purchased. It configured easily. Took about an hour to get it set up and tested for the features I use, and about 30 minutes to mount.There was a quality control problem, which was somewhat easily solved. Although, it's a "gotcha" and would most likely drive a less experienced person crazy (I'll go over that further down in this review). The physical installation went well, but again, there is one small design flaw that was annoying, and which added maybe ten minutes to the process. However, over all, it was pretty easy and painless.The camera was shipped and delivered on time. Out of the box, it was in good shape, and all components were there. I was pleased to see a 6dbi antenna, instead of the usual 3dbi that come with these low-end cameras. I did not have to do any readjustments or tweaks to the optics. Picture is Chrystal clear, and the 4x mechanical zoom is sweet. The ptz movement is nice and smooth, too.Initial configuration of the camera is exactly like all the other cameras in this class (Hootoo, and other brands). Connect it directly to the router, via ethernet, find it's ip, connect and play with it to make sure everything works, and then set the admin password, ssid, wireless security configuration, etc. Then, disconnect the ethernet and test for wireless connectivity. This all went fast and easy.I then took it out to the location and mounted it. It is a nice compact unit, but it is difficult to get a screwdriver to the screws. I had to remove the camera and housing from the base so that I could get a screwdriver to the mounting screws. Then, once the base is screwed down, remount the camera. Not real difficult, but I managed to lose two of the teeny tiny screws that hold the camera to the base. and now have to find a couple more that fit. Not a huge problem, but annoying!The primary "gotcha" was the fact that the MAC address listed on the camera housing was not the actual MAC address of the camera! I found that out when I was trying to reserve an ip address , and set port forwarding for the camera (to view remotely, via DDNS). I had copied the MAC down from the one listed on the camera housing, but that was not the same address that the camera reported to the router. The MAC that the router sees is the "real" MAC address. The one listed as "Device ID" in the "Device Status" window (in the on-board management software) is also correct. The one on the case was 100% different (i.e. not a typo, or incremented by one, etc). This is sloppy quality control on the part of HooToo, and will probably prevent many people who buy their product from being able to set up DDNS!The software cd that came with this camera is not too good either. I installed it just to see what it was, but intend to uninstall it. I don't think it would be real helpful in setting up the camera, and probably will add some confusion for the novice, or someone who has not dealt with these cameras before. Also, the little manual that comes with it is good for comedy relief, but not much else.And finally, the camera does not see infrared. At night it will only see areas lit with normal light ... So, if you have a well lit area, then go for it.This camera will work well for anybody that does not have a need for night vision. The 4x mechanical zoom is awesome. For those installing it, remember to verify the MAC via the router and/or with the management software in the camera. Also, the CD and manual that comes with it are pretty much useless, but this is no different than any other security camera in this class (including the more expansive Foscam). I did give 4 stars due to the lack of IR, but all other features of the camera are very good.========================================NOTE: My original review of this camera was pretty harsh, because of the lack of night vision. I have changed my review, due to the extremely good customer service of Sunvalleytek. It has been amazing! They immediately went to work setting things right. Paid for the return of this camera, and sent me a replacement camera, which does have night vision.Sunvalleytek provides good quality products, and superb customer service. I am now very satisfied with this Amazon purchase from Sunvalleytek.