The setup of this cam using the provided tools and the web interface is a little painful, but works. You can setup admin, operator, and viewer accounts for the cam and your email and ftp accounts for alarm handling. It comes with a hardcoded DDNS address which is written on a label on the bottom and you can add as well your own DDNS configuration. With your browser you can view and control your cam from everywhere using one of these DDNS names, but as usual you have to first open a port in your router in case you would like to view it from the internet. There seems to be a setting for automatic UPnP router configuration which could do this for you, but I have not tested this.The picture quality is probably as good as you can get for this little money. The cam is adjusting the brightness automatically, but you can configure the targeted contrast and brightness in the web interface. Infrared switches on automatically in darkness and it's good enough to cover a garage. In case of alarm it can send emails including a few pictures and/or it can upload pictures to your ftp site. If you configure an interval and the max number of images, then you can upload pictures as well non-stop to your ftp account. This seems to work well.However, instead of FTP I am using the surveillance software on my Synology file server. I've added the cam as a HEDEN CAMHED05IP version in 640x480 and video (without audio) works well. This transfers about 7 frames/sec over Wifi in mpeg and results in about 13 GB video per day on my sever.The cam will in case of any reboot position the pan/tilt motors back to a center position, which is not helpful if you have pointed the cam to observe a certain part of a room. In my case resets did actually happen several times while testing and afterwards I was 'observing' the ceiling of my garage. However, deep down in the settings you can disable this and then it works.Software Update is possible using the web interface, but you have to download the files from their server manually to your PC and upload from there. The cam stays reasonable cold and comes with an switching power supply.The issues:1) The initial configuration could really be less painful. You had to install one of their tools on your PC and this tool is searching your local network and if it finds the cam it will show the current IP configuration and allows to change it. Changing these settings was very confusing, because it took (even me internet expert) several tries to get the modified settings written back to the cam. However, afterwards the cam was accessible using a browser and the remaining configuration was working fine. Hint: Just keep trying with this PC tool until your IP settings are actually stored on the cam.2) The preconfigured DDNS configuration is hardcoded and cannot be disabled and the DDNS server is in China. For DDNS to work the cam has to frequently (e.g. daily) connect to the DDNS server. I don't really care about any government agencies spying on me, but I don't like to provide such opportunity as well to a small foreign company. Therefore it is a major issue for me that I cannot disable the preconfigured DDNS configuration, especially since I don't even need this feature at all. However, I've tested it and my cam address resolves to a server in Beijing instead of my network... hmm. Anyway, I think many would like to use this feature (as long it works), but it should be switched off by default. However, if you don't need to access your cam from the internet, then setting the gateway IP configuration to a wrong address should stop the cam from talking home.3) If you use the cam over your wireless network then you have to configure your wifi network password. This is the only password in the Web UI which is shown and is never 'starred out' as usual. Whenever someone gets admin access to your device, he can read your network password in plain text.4) The motion and audio alarms are working, but I can walk in and drive out of my garage and will not get one useful picture showing me using the build in FTP transfer and Email features. It takes too long for the alarm to start recording and the FTP image uploads rate to my lokal ftp server over wifi g/n is too low. If I'm visible at all on a picture then the speed of my normal movement inside my garage makes me looking blurry so that nobody could identify my face.5) The cam is positioned to show a major area of the garage. If the garage door is open at daytime then the cam has a hard time to handle the brightness outside compared to the inside and you will not see much detail outside at all.6) There is a feature for video recording in the web interface, but I was not able to use it at all. It seems you would have to have a supported browser with a plug-in to activate recording to you PC manually. So this feature is useless for automatic alarm handling and should support ftp uploads instead.7) I use an Apple Time Capsule (4th gen) Router with both 802.11g/n enabled and the cam is located just 5 meter away through one wooden wall. The cam connects only using 802.11g which is slowing down the transmissions. Did anyone get 802.11n working or is this just wrong advertising?8) Don't expect to ever get a firmware update. It seems the Gigaeye website is just a nice dummy and I found no links (except to Amazon) working. It seems since months "under construction".However, depending on your use case and paranoia level this is still a reasonable ip cam.