I've never reviewed a product online but I felt it was necessary to share my experience with mom's considering this product.  I was very excited about a wifi monitor... how cool, right?  Wrong.  I think it's a great idea in theory, but they still have a lot of kinks to work out and the customer service has been less than helpful.  First I spent, $259 on a baby monitor when a $120 video monitor would've been fine.  When you set up the product, you have to download the app, which they charge you another $12 for.  When you spend that much money on a monitor, shouldn't the app be free???  We had to spend $12 for each download... my phone, my husband's phone (he has a different iTunes account), and then our nanny's phone.  Another $36 just to get the monitor to work... ridiculous.Set up was less than easy, though I will say their tech support is helpful.  The real bummer here is no one is available to help you on demand.  You have to set up an appointment which is typically 24 hours out.  Once we got the monitor up and running, it didn't work well.  It constantly cut out, but I was still jazzed on the best of the best baby monitor so I figured it was a problem on our end.  I spent $199.99 on a new modem, which didn't solve the problem.  So then I spent another $199.99 on the best wireless router, which (you guessed it) didn't solve the problem  either.  I then paid $50 to have my internet provider come out and install an internet outlet closer to our bedroom.  Problem. Still. Not. Solved.  So, I've spent a grand total of $745 trying to get my monitor to work.  At this point, I'm feeling rather foolish but I just deal with a monitor that cuts in and out (which is scary when you wake up in the middle of the night and your monitor is blacked out... and you have no idea for how long).FAST FORWARD 7 MONTHS....I am going to bed a week and a half ago and the monitor won't work on my phone.  So I try to pull it up on the iPad... no luck.  I try for 30 minutes to get it to work and then give up and hope it comes back on in the middle of the night (this has happened before).  The next morning (Friday), I set up a time for tech support to diagnose the problem, which will be the next day (Saturday).  The tech support guy (who is very helpful, by the way) tells me that the monitors wifi capabilities have crapped out and I need a new monitor... after 7 months.  You have got to be kidding me!  Isn't the whole point of a "wifi" monitor that it works with your wireless internet connection???  He sends me the information to get a new monitor, which is covered by my warranty.  I complete all the necessary paperwork and submit my credit card number for a $200 refundable deposit to have my new monitor expedited since at this point I have been without it for 3 days.  Monday comes and goes... I hear nothing.  On Tuesday, the returns department starts hassling me about my warranty.  I respond and provide as much information as possible the same day.  I hear nothing back, so on Wednesday I send a follow up email asking if my new monitor has shipped.  I hear nothing so I call and leave a message and then email my tech support guy begging for his help.  On Thursday I receive an email (my call went unreturned) stating it's not their intention to cause frustration but they are still having problems with my warranty.  As a good faith, they ship my replacement monitor overnight to me.  That would be great and all if I hadn't paid for an expedited replacement 6 DAYS EARLIER!!!!  CUSTOMER SERVICE IS A JOKE!!!!!  Aside from the tech support guy, I am beyond frustrated with the lack of timely responses from their returns department.  I wish I could just return the replacement camera and by a regular video monitor.Another downfall of the monitor is if you receive an Outlook calendar invite or reminder on your phone, that overrides the monitor which means the invitation stays up on your phone and the monitor cuts out.  Very frustrating as I am business professional and use Outlook to organize my life.  I can't tell you how many times I have woken up and the monitor has been blank, which is terrifying as a first time parent.This has just been my experience.  I would strongly recommend going in another direction.  I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone.  My feeling is anyone who has rated this product with 3 or more stars hasn't had it very long and they will be in my shoes in a few short months.  Save yourself the hassle... you have too many other things to be worried about.