I bought this a couple days ago to use as a surveillance camera paired with capture software to record the feed. I encountered a few problems, most of which I was able to fix fairly shortly. I couldn't get it to connect to my WiFi right away, took quite a bit of troubleshooting but was finally able to connect it via the website after completely registering the camera. I found that enabling the extender mode made the camera drop connection so I had to un-check that; fortunately the camera connected fine from outside my front door without needing the extender mode. Another big problem I encountered was the sound - for the first day or so the only sound feed it gave was a horrendous, loud buzzing noise and I had to mute the sound every time I loaded the live video feed. This seems to have magically resolved itself somehow as I just now reloaded the live feed and the sound is almost perfect (and of course as I sat here typing this review, that mechanical buzzing gradually returned). Additionally, the camera HAS to be mounted upright for the tilt and pan to work properly. If you mount it at an angle (say, from the side of your house) the pan feature no longer goes side to side against the horizon, but side to side against the ground underneath it. This can somewhat be fixed with the extendable arm mount it comes with, though the arm doesn't extend enough to keep the camera completely upright; it still sits at a bit of an angle. The main issue I have with this camera is the fact that I bought it to use as a surveillance camera while I'm away from my house, but it won't do the job I bought it for as the picture inevitably freezes approximately an hour into the feed. I can't access the feed site at my job as the computers there block the necessary plug-in to view the feed, and I'm not permitted to have my cell phone at my job; though while it would be nice to monitor the feed from work, I still need to be able to record it for personal reasons. I've tried various tricks to keep the camera running (i.e. changing my computer's screen saver and sleep mode) but nothing has worked so far.As for positives, it has good quality picture in both day and night vision, great quality sound (as long as it's not buzzing constantly), the tilt and pan gets pretty good range as long as it's mounted upright (but not completely 360, it stops at certain points), and it looks nice. I love the live feed online and it would be awesome if I could access and record it at work, but I can't and that makes it a huge problem for me when the picture keeps freezing when left alone for long periods of time. It's a nice camera if you can monitor it constantly and refresh the feed now and then or only need it for short periods of time, but if you're looking for an unmonitored recordable security camera, this won't cut it.