The unit seems to be sturdily built, especially when compared to other units I have possessed.  I like the fact that the mounting flange and sensor unit are separate pieces.  With my old detector the mounting flange was flimsy and had to be removed from the wall, along with the attached detector, in order to change batteries.The unit is always displayed in promotions with the sensor grill in the 6 o/c position.  I prefer to mount it with the test button in the 6 o/c position in order to facilitate reaching it above a doorway.  I would have thought I would get such a configuration with the screws inserted at the 6 o/c and 12 o/c positions in the wall.  But it doesn't work that way.  Of course, you could always rotate the unit fully clockwise until fully seated and then back it off CCW until it is positioned the way you want it.  But then it would not be very secure and may be close to coming apart.  I have found a way to position the unit so the button is at the 6 o/c position and it is also securely positioned by rotating it fully CW.  A little inconvenient, though.I get three beeps from the unit when I depress the test button, as advertised.  But a  light does not blink every minute, as referenced in the instructions.  When I mentioned this to Customer Service they didn't seem particularly concerned about it.The instructions are impossible to read.  The text is much too small. I was not able to produce suitable copies with my scanner/ printer.  Customer Service suggested I press the CTRL button on my PC while rotating the wheel on my mouse to enlarge the font.  I used another method by utilizing the Enlarge feature on the PDF file.  Then I was able to crop the individual pages by using the MS Snipping Tool on my PC and printing the result. You'd think the company could splurge a little by printing the manual on 2 or 3 pages so everyone could read it.  More inconvenienceI understand there is some confusion regarding the battery situation.  I received Duracell batteries with my detector and the same batteries were recommended in the manual.  There was no reference to Energizer batteries anywhere.  There is no periodic chirping.So I have no blinking light and no periodic chirping.  The unit just sits on the wall like a painting.  How am I to know if it will work better than a painting under emergency situations?Well, before I contacted Customer Service and before I was able to decipher the instructions, I held a charcoal lighter up to the unit (don't try this at home).  No response. I was later informed by Customer Service that this action could render the unit inoperative.  A fire and smoke detector that does recognize a flame. Hmmmm!I later placed a burning, crumpled piece of paper in a bowl and held in up to the detector (don't try this at home either).  I blew out the fire so the smoke would envelope the detector.  After about 1 minute the alarm finally activated.  But the smoke was only a few inches from the detector.  Now I'm wondering just how sensitive this thing is to smoke. So I appear to have a fire and smoke detector that does not respond to fire and marginally responds to smoke if present a few inches away.  How can I be assured that the unit will sound off should it encounter a real emergency situation?  Faith?  I'm not sure that will cut it.  Do I have to burn my house down (don't try this at home either) to conduct a valid test of the system?  Or perhaps I should just burn the detector and listen for a beep before it turns to ashes.I would like to hear more reviews of the product in action (or inaction) during actual emergency situations.  In the meantime I will not deduct rating stars for performance since I have no evidence on how it will work under real fires.  I am deducting one star, however, for the practically useless manual and for the mounting experience listed (above).