I have purchased G766 in SAMS club recently and have tried it for few days with all options to ensure it works for me and reading at other reviews, almost all of the reviews are true or accurate because I tried all the features and I know most of the comments are applicable. Before my review comments I would like to mention that I am tech savy and I do understand "how stuff works". Before trying this I tried Lorex, Swann Wired systems and also Unidens another wireless model from Fry's.After trying wired and wireless units my recommendation is buy this unit if you are monitoring activity around the house while at home, like kids/wife at home having the comfort of seeing who is at the door, not having to go and peak outside or if you are at home and want to watch maybe pets, kids playing outside, deliveries or solicitors so you can watch a movie with the portable lcd on the side along with your popcorn.If you are planning to use this to watch your home outside of your home, I mean via internet it is a bad idea because of several limitations that makes this great device useless.Features that doesn't work or not there:1. Sends and email with just text and does not send the image when motion is detected.2. Remote viewing via app is frustrating and primitive, cannot view all cameras at once but works well with instant streaming of the activity though.3. Cannot record video on your mobile device, can only take snapshot if you are watching the screen at the timeof the activity.4. Motion sense email alert is hot or a miss and is not reliable.5. Remote monitoring via web browser is a joke. It is very primitive like Windows 95 and as other reviewers mentioned it is clucky, buggy and compatibility issues but when it works it is ok but have to view one camera at a time. I was using Windows 8.1 though.6. Video is recorded in clips of MP4 videos on an SD card and have no option to view remotely or system does not overwrite the old ones if it is full.7. Do not sound alarm when motion is detected so Uniden expects us to sit in front of the monitor and watch it all day maybe night too.... ridiculous. Maybe they shoulkd label these as "Baby Monitors" rather than Surveillance system....8. No ability to record on external drive or NAS drives9. Power cable should be through the mounting stand so that it is not exposed outside for easy tampering.10. For the remote monitoring to work the LCD unit must be docked into the base unit.Good Features:1. Simple to install and no wires no mess.2. Portable wireless monitor is a big plus so you can take it around the house.3. Wireless capability is great and have no issue moving around my two bed room 2000 Sft house with walls etc. Didn't notice any interference with my WiFi as other reviewers mentioned.4. Cameras and base unit takes the same adapter and is very small and compact and not ugly bulky adapters.I will update more feedback as I keep using them.