This product is fairly easy to set up if you just follow the instructions.You must be able to know how to access your router to apply a mac authenticationfor the new camera, but everything else is fairly straight forward.  Theproduct comes with a quick set up pamphlet and CD.  I was able to get the cameraup and running just using the quick set up, but had a difficult time getting itto broadcast wireless until I read the actual owners manual found on the CDI thought I could just hit the "Network" tab, go to "Wireless Settings" and it wouldall just come together, but there was a little more to it than that. Put a check intothe "Using Wireless LAN" box, hit the "scan" button, and wait for the wireless networksto pop up.  Here is where I went wrong; I didn't realize I had to actually SELECT oneof them.  Sounds ridiculous but I missed that part.  I entered my SSID, Encryption, and'share key'(NOT YOUR PASSWORD but you pass phrase that allows you to add MAC Authorization),then hit the submit button.  It then goes to a 30 second countdown after which you aresupposed to be able to unplug the router cable.  But if you don't select one of thewireless networks, then it fails and you really don't know why.  Everything was so simpleand automatically filled in on most of the set up that I guess I expected it to select mynetwork.  I know - stupid mistake but one that took me several hours to figure out.Actually went to bed and started again the next morning AFTER reading the owners manual(which only took about 15 minutes to read).  It's actually quite simple when you understandwhat it is that the prompt is asking for.  All of this allows you to view your camera usingyour PC either while at home or from another location.  If you want to view it over acell phone there is a little more you have to do.  The product comes with a free manufacturersweb domain for access, but my roommate pays for a service with TZO so I just used his so hiscameras and mine are all in one place.  Getting to view your camera over your phone is fairlyeasy but it may be too much for someone who is not familiar with all the new tech stuff.I think I could have figured it all out, but I didn't have to do everything since my roommatealready had most of it up and running.  I'm fairly computer/technology ignorant, but I wasable to follow the directions and set this camera up.  In fact, I figured out how to get thewireless running even though my computer tech roommate had tried for hours the night before.He googled my camera and read blogs from all kinds of people who didn't know any more thanwe did about setting up the wireless.  Searching the internet for answers might be a goodchoice, but the manufacturer was kind enough to include an owner's manual with the product.Sometimes knowing too much about technology hinders you rather than helps.  The instructionsare written for tech dummies like me.I like my new toy.  Watch it and operate it from my android phone while out and about.Great to watch the house and see what my dog is doing while I'm gone.  :)