We got this camera with the intention of starting out using it to spy on our pets while we're not home, and eventually re-tasking it (or adding additional cameras) to monitor outside our front door.The camera itself seems well-constructed, overall it's about the size of a softball.  Nice features include the motorized gimbal mount and the IR mode that allows you to see a fairly decent image, even in a dark interior room.  The power cord is not very long, though, maybe four or five feet at most... most people's power outlets are only a couple feet off the floor, meaning this device can't be mounted much above eye level without extension cords, much less on a ceiling.The instruction manual is not the best, written in the sort of "Engrish" you would expect from a tech product like this.  It gives you enough information to get set up, provided you are a fairly savvy user.  As mentioned by many other people, wireless setup is not particularly obvious.  When you first connect it with the ethernet cable, it will pick up one IP address from your router.  Configure the wireless settings as instructed, and as soon as it starts the reboot process, unplug the network cable.  Now... here's the tricky part:  let it boot up, then go into your wireless router's admin interface and find the DHCP client table.  Because the wired and wireless interfaces on the device have two different MAC addresses, the wireless interface will pick up a different IP address when it reboots.  The instructions would lead you to assume that you keep trying to connect to it using the original IP address, but you have to look for a device in that DHCP table that has a name that starts with "ipcamera_" and use *THAT* IP address.The web interface is serviceable, but not what I would call amazing.  I'm not an IE user, I use Chrome, and the web interface relies heavily on IE for more advanced features like audio.  Audio wasn't a major selling point for me, but based on playing around with IE for purposes of writing this review, audio certainly appears to be the weakest area.  On the other hand, the instructions on setting up a free account with DynDNS and configuring the camera to use it were probably one of the easiest setup tasks involved with this camera, and works quite well.  Once you get it set up on your network, the picture and controls are easy to use and performance is good.  I even got one of several apps available in the iPhone app store that allows me to view and control my camera on my iPhone.  One benefit of IE seems to be the ability to integrate multiple cameras, with 1-, 4- and 9-camera split screen monitoring options available in IE with ActiveX controls, but not the other browsers.  I didn't have enough time to play with any of the alerting features, or any of the features that upload images to e-mail or FTP sites.Picture quality is not going to knock you over, it's a simple 640x480 color image, which is not even as good as most cell phone cameras these days, but if you want high-quality images, you should expect to pay a lot more than what this low-end camera costs.  This camera is all about being low-cost, simple, no-frills with still enough power and flexibility from being able to control it.  The only thing that's missing is a rudimentary digital zoom option - it would be nice if you could get even a little bit of digital zoom, even though that would tend to degrade the picture quality pretty quickly.Now that I've gotten past the hurdle of setting this camera up, I think I'll probably buy another camera eventually and set it up somewhere else, such as in a position to watch our front door.  It's a very decent camera for the price, all things considered.