Yes, this is a Vine review.  But if you read my review from a year ago at http://www.amazon.com/Logitech-Outdoor-Add-On-Security-Camera/dp/B003X26LYQ/ref=cm_cr-mr-title?tag=acleint-20 you'll see that I've been using this camera family already, paid for.  I had five cameras in my system since last year, all ones I paid for.  Obviously I'm not just giving a good review because it was free as so many claim the Vine reviewers do...Arrived and was packaged just like all the others on my system (now have a total of three external and three internal).  Since I had the Commander software already running, the only thing I needed to do was plug the camera in.  Immediately my Commander software found the unit, added it to my list, and allowed me to name it appropriately.  Also it was then showing up on the website as well as on my iPhones and iPads.  It simply couldn't get any simpler than that.The unit looks similar to the previous indoor non night vision version, with the exception of a different opening for the Microphone and the emitter for the night vision.  Otherwise the size and shape are pretty much identical.  The external cameras used a different method (software algorithm) to determine when they should shift to night vision mode, which sometimes gives you a camera that switches back and forth a could times during sunset when it's right on the verge, but these handle things differently.  There's an actual ambient light sensor to get, in Logitech's words, "...a more accurate detection of when to switch."  And it worked well.  On my 6 camera system, at sundown, two of the three external systems switched from night vision back to daytime operation, then to night vision, a couple times over the course of a 15 minute period or so, but these indoor ones with night vision did not switch on me at all.  Once it was on, they stayed on even when I had a little variation in lighting in nearby rooms or halls that didn't directly impact the rooms they were in.Set up is easy for the first timer, but I'll refer to the link to my review on the external camera review since I went into a LOT of detail about the process there already.Detail is amazing as all of these have had so far.  Several times dealing with the police due to the idiots I live nearby, the police were always amazed at the quality of the videos I could provide compared to what they normally see.  And comparing this to a "professionally" installed system we use at work that we purchased from a company that does nothing but security cameras, there's no comparison.  I've shown the web commander as well as the IOS viewer to several of my clients and they're all looking at getting the same system now, simply because it *is* so easy to get up and running with no extra wiring or drilling or anything.  So it's ideal for places with older walls or ceilings that are tougher to run cables through.The amount of detail available at night is stunning when you see it for the first time.  And since the range is greater than most people will need (about 50 feet) for interior use, you're pretty sure to have a great field of view even in the darkness.My cameras came already updated with current firmware, as did the bricks that plug into the wall, so my system had no need of any updates.  As all do, it comes with a 2GB MicroSD card so it will hold a history of what you've had it set to capture.  I dump all six of my cameras to my Mac Mini Windows 7 Media Center PC since it's running 24/7 and that way I don't have to worry about space.For someone with kids, pets, or an elderly parent they want to be able to keep an eye on from time to time, this is a great product.  As far as the price, my initial review I linked above went into how poor my experiences were with the cheaper cameras, so at least for me it's clearly a "you get what you pay for" item.  And obviously I think I get a lot, since I've purchased five of these so far prior to this Vine product being offered to me.Indoor, outdoor, they just work beautifully.