I have had this camera for several weeks. Lorex is a well known name in my household. I have bought their cameras for two years. I started with the Lorex LW241 LIVE sense Wireless Video Home Monitor. I then added two more cameras to the main unit and then purchased another monitor and camera. They are all compatible and durable. The only thing about the ones I own, they do not have a removable rechargeable battery. Basically I have to keep them plugged in and charging all the time because there is not battery to replace. That is the biggest con with the units I have and is a deal breaker if I was looking for a great system.This unit comes with a rechargeable battery which is nice. However, it does not please me as well as their other units. Looking at it in the box, it has this cheap look to it which is not what I expect from Lorex. My cameras and monitors from the LW241 are durable and look and feel great. With my other units Lorex sent out a miceo SD card which both the units take. However, with this newer one, they did not send out a card. It seems they are trying to cut cost down and try to make it look like they improved it but there really is not much there. Of course you have your built in memory to record but I liked it when they sent a small card, most people do not have them sitting around.The screen is the same size as my LW241; however, the unit is bigger and bulkier. It could have been sleeker, but they made it bulky. An improvement is the touch screen buttons on the right front of the unit, with they other the buttons had to be pushed straight on. I found the touch screen buttons a lot handier. But that is probably the only upgraded feature I could note. The toggle button on this unit looks really cheap. It just goes up and down and left and right, so not sure why they put a toggle button to begin with. My other unit, the kickstand is straight in the back and I have never knocked them over. On the newer model the kickstand is on one side on the back of the unit and turns! It is very cheap and does not keep the camera standing up well. I like the fact that you can read the temperature of where the camera is and be alerted if it changes. My other units has this as well though. Also, the other set I have has the time on both of the monitors and this newer one does not. Another feature they should have kept.As far as the picture, I expected it to be like the other units I had, but it worse. I have had this for weeks and was hoping I would grow to love it but the picture is not vibrant at all. My other unit is a lot clearer and has more color. I have tried to adjust the newer one but the only adjustment can be turning the brightness up and down, that did nothing. Also, the night view is very purple! Again, if you adjust the brightness, it just turns the purple up or down.The camera itself is the same size of the other units but it has a metal swivel bracket. Nice, but if you turn it too much one way, it falls out! I have had this happen every time I have tried to adjust the camera. It is very annoying! All of their cameras I own have a night light built in. It is on top and it s soft white light. It is nice but not worth buying the unit over.I was hoping this would grow on me but it never did. I did not have a range issue that other stated, I was able to use it through walls just fine and on the other side of my house. However, with the picture being so bad, it did not matter if the range was good or not.I personally could not recommend this camera. I love Lorex, I love the units I bought and noted at the top but with them not having a rechargeable battery, that is a deal breaker. Two years later you would hope a lot of improvements would be made, but I see a lot of corners that were cut and just a cheaper feeling unit with a mediocre picture at best.I think for the price point you could find something else. I would not feel safe having this as the main unit to watch my daughter sleep at night. Lorex tried but it seemed like they took features away instead of adding more in the two years. Also, the zoom to me is terrible. It zooms in the upper left corner, not the center. Other cameras I had that zoomed were actually zooming in what you were looking at and able to move the screen left or right. This one, just the upper left corner, I do not understand that.Not what I would expect from Lorex. They have good units but this is not one of them.