The first camera shipped promptly and arrived by the promise date.Upon receipt I loaded 8 AA batteries and an 8GB SD card (it can accommodate up to a 32GB card)and went through set up to get exactly the settings I wanted.  No Problems.  Set up  instructions were clear and the process was somewhat intuitive.  After adjusting the camera just the way I wanted it I attached it to a a small tripod using the threaded socket in the base of the unit and set it outside on a stone retaining wall near my home. I pointed the camera towards a dark space between my house and an adjoining building.  A few hours after dark I walked in front of the camera to check it out and noted that the IR lights emitted a soft red glow as I came within range of the motion detector.  The next morning I retrieved the camera and easily removed the SD card, popped it into a slot on my computer and read the contents.  There were about 6 still images on the card.  A couple from when I was setting the camera and a couple from when I was retrieving the camera.  There was also a clear photo of me, time stamped at 20:33 the night before, taken when I walked in front of it just to check it out.  There was also a very clear photo of a large raccoon taken at 20:46.  I was pleased with the results.The problem arose when I tried to change a few of the set up options.  The three way switch that controls off/setup/on was defective.  With a lot of tender manipulation I could get the camera to go back and forth between off and on but it would not go into the middle position, which is the setup mode.Really irked me.  I liked everything else about the camera but the switch is a real weak point in the design and construction of the unit. It is flimsy and does not click into any position.  Its operation is very mushy.I sent the camera back for a replacement (Amazon was no problem to deal with), with the hopes that the replacement unit will be more reliable.  If it is not, I will have to return it for a refund.UPDATE SEPTEMBER 29, 2012Exchange was straightforward, no problems or complaints.The new (replacement) camera has a three way switch that is modestly improved compared to the broken one which I returned, but after several days of use it seems to be fully serviceable.I have the camera set on NORMAL sensitivity (options are high, normal, or low).  I have it set on 8 megapixel still images and 3 images per triggering event (taken at one second intervals).  Its night time performance has been very good.  There has not been a single false trigger since I set it out.  The nights here have been very cool (40 to 50 degrees and very still).  I know this sort of weather provides optimum environmental conditions for the camera's night time use. I will be interested to see how it performs in the heat of summer.So far the camera has captured rabbits and racoons (as well as me setting up and checking on the camera).  Range is excellent.  Image quality at night is very good out to about 40 feet.  Dark images are discernible from 40 feet out to about 50 feet.  Pitch black beyond 50 feet.  Daylight images are excellent for my purposes.