First if all this is my first baby monitor, so I cannot compare it to the others. I did however research the baby monitors for some time, looking for the one which would meet all my criteria and after almost giving up hope found the Motorola monitors. I was initially planning to get the MBP20, but since it was out of stock for the longest time I decided for the MBP36 and I am not disappointed!- FHSS wireless technology: even though I am a techno junkie and if I can set something up wireless I do, I get no interference from other electronic equipment in the house. Also no problems with getting on channels of my neighbors' baby monitors, which I saw was a huge complaint with other monitors/technologies- Sound quality: Oh I can hear the little bugger complain very well ;). The sound is always on, which means that if your baby is listening to lullabies, so will you. But I can still hear every small cough and whimper, so that's fine with me.- Video: not a feature I was initially looking for, now is my fav part of this monitor. My baby is a cat napper, but when caught early enough I can shhh him back to sleep. However, he will not make a single sound until he is fully awake. With video I am able to see him waking up. The quality of video - both day and night is great. Nice colors during the day and clear, sharp image during the night. It even shows small moon on the screen when in the night vision mode. You can turn off the video and keep only the sound.- Remote Pan/Tilt/Zoom: brilliant! We have the camera mounted where I can pan/tilt both on the swing and the crib. Before it was mounted I would move it to different locations and with ease remotely pan/tilt instead of trying to get the camera positioned exactly right. I believe it will come in ever more handy once LO becomes more mobile. Very useful feature and in my opinion worth the extra money if you cannot decide between this model and the MBP33.  I am not using the zoom much - the picture is good enough I had no reason so far.- Range: per specs it is 650 ft(200 m). I am not sure it is that far really, but it allows me to walk across the street and into my neighbors house. Only inside it cannot find the camera anymore (but I didn't try with the antenna up). Never had a problem with losing a signal inside our 2 story house.- Battery life: the advertised 3.5 hours is pretty accurate. The provided power cords are fairly long (8-9 feet) so I rarely use it unplugged.- Temp: can switch between F or C. The icon and reading turns red if the temp is > 84 F or < 57 F.- Talk mode: one of the few monitor out there with a two-way talk feature.- Sound indicator: again, nice touch and fairly accurate. 4 lights, green, orange, red, red.- Quality/Looks/Ease of use: 5 out of 5 on all 3 counts. Parent unit has built in little swivel leg. No belt clip, but with the screen this size you probably don't want to haul it around too much anyway.This monitor comes to ideal so close, that I don't really have list of cons - more like a wish list/slightly annoying list:- the thermometer sensor is short - less than 1 inch so if the monitor is mounted on the wall it will pick the wall temperature rather then the room temperature. Longer probe would be useful for more accurate temp read.- there is no way to turn the sound completely off. You can reduce it to almost none, but never turn it off. I learned to live with it.- it takes 16 hours to fully charge the battery from empty. 16 hours. Cannot think of a single electronic in my house which takes that long.- the camera turns off when on battery after 2 minutes. I understand that Motorola wants to save battery life so it looks better in the specs - but please give me an option to turn the energy saving option off if my heart desires so. I already have plenty of energy efficient baby toys and swings I have to remember to keep powering on.- no battery for camera. The cord is nice and long, but it would be nice to be able to take the camera outside.- mounting: the base of the camera has a small hole which allows for hanging it on a wall. Wish there was an option of a clip, etc so I don't have to keep stacking books up to get the camera high enough to get a good view when not mounted.- no white noise reduction: LO needs his white noise (i.e. ocean waves). I don't. Enough said.- not able to take pics: even though the Amazon description says you can take pics I am unable to find that feature. Didn't plan to use it, so I don't miss it, but if you are buying for that purpose, be aware.- 2 way talk: you have to speak up to be heard on the camera side and the camera doesn't have volume control. On the bright side it doesn't seem to scare the kid.All in all I would recommend this baby monitor. Nice looks, awesome functionality. Way to go Motorola.