I picked up one of these cameras to act as a baby monitor for when we're downstairs or outside while the kid is asleep.  To be honest, the camera works well, it clicks over to infrared mode in low light automatically, it picks up amazing detail in pitch dark using only 4 LEDS, and I'm happy with the quality.The setup was not quite as easy as the instructions make it out to be, but the instructions also assume your network is simple, right out of the box.  I've very security minded so I don't broadcast my SSID, I filter my MAC addresses, and I have  a complex password so the WPS configuration did not correctly create the connection to the camera. I had to wind up doing the config manually but to me it isn't a big deal. I had to hard-wire it initially to get it to connect but once I got in the camera the setup was pretty easy and it worked right away.Here is my only complaint with the product thus far.  I'm a Mac user so I had to download a separate installer because the OS X software didn't come with it, not a big deal, BUT....in order to view the feed on my Mac, I had to create an account on mydlink.com and I have to log in to see it.  The camera automatically streams out to the internet, so I have to go out to the internet to view a local feed in my house.  Thats right, I have to go out to come back in.  This is a bad practice since the device is local to my network.  The only way to view it locally is to go through the web interface itself.  As one of the other reviewers stated, it sends the traffic in the clear (HTTP) and I'm not keen on the idea of having a live stream of my house, much less my baby, sent over the net unencrypted.  Theres no option to turn off the feed to mydlink so I blocked all outbound communication from the camera on my router to prevent it from broadcasting.  I like the option of seeing the feed remotely, but security is more important to me so I'll setup an account on dyndns and get to it directly if i have to.What they do not tell you is that the app they have for iphone/ipod/ipad does the same thing, forces you to log into mydlink.  You can't view the feed from the web interface on your iphone/ipod/ipad because the devices don't support activex or java, so I had to purchase a 3d party viewer to watch the stream from the local 192.168.x.x address.In conclusion, the camera works fine, does everything I expected of it, but their solution for viewing the feed (at least on a Mac), while convenient, is NOT secure and does not support local viewing natively.  It would also be nice for them to include an option to stop outbound broadcasts as a security feature.