Well, I was excited to have purchased this, and here were my reasons:1. I wanted a product that can be managed in a network environment wireless/wired2. Ability to remote access it through smartphone or just an online location3. Capable of capturing images instead of video all the time4. Night vision5. design was pretty nice - I personally don't like the ones with antennas...However, I immediately started realizing it is not a great product as advertised or described.Here are some of the problems I faced (some right off the bat and others through my testing):1. The installation doesn't work - the software on the CD just does not detect the camera.  Without it, you cannot register your product with myDlink.com and access it remotely and through a Smartphone - this was a major reason for me to purchase this product...2. If you open a browser and have multiple tabs with one being the camera's IP address, then if your session expires, trying to access the camera will crash your browser.  You need to always close all tabs, and reopen the browser so it doesn't crash.3. When setting up an email notifications based on motion detection, they do not allow you to control the number of pictures per email... only 1 image/email or 6.  And there is a lag of 4-5 seconds between sets of email, so when I was testing it, I was walking normal speed, so I see myself walking then I disappear from the second set, unless I move slowly and allow it to lag between sets of 6 pictures.4. Motion detection is very sensitive, and it takes a trial-and-error type of setup to adjust to your proper setting that allows just the right amount of activity to trigger screen captures.5. I was never able to test a server setup (FTP feature).6. The camera clicks every once in a while (similar to a shutter in a photography camera) which I think when it switches between nightvision and day time.7. The night vision seems to always be on when in auto mode, even when it is bright outside - resorted to setting up a schedule8. Audio had a lot of static - I tried to turn off the audio but didn't work until I upgraded the FW on it... therefore, audio is not something I can make use of.All that said, I want to provide a few positives:1. Screen captures (despite of what I wrote above) are actually quite decent.  I linked to my gmail account and I was able to receive all the motion detected.2. Once you obtain access to the Camera (through your router's assigned IP) then you are able to control the camera.3. The wireless works fine, and wired works good.4. Night vision is actually pretty good to show details (black and white of couse).I purchased it with a lot of anticipation but the product fell short of my expectations and of what was described about its capabilities.  I could've spent hours and probably days investigating how to get the camera registered, but I felt that a product that requires so much work is not worth keeping.I returned it!