UPDATE: This is the BEST INEXPENSIVE security device I have ever owned! It's now 8-25-12 and I have had two of these outside in the New England winter, spring, summer heat and pouring rain. If you have two sensors outside, either will sound both receivers- so it's hard to tell which area has movement. I don't see any way to get it to discriminate which zone is causing it to sound. This alarm works well and is well worth the $20 investment. There have been no failures of it working. It does pick up my next door neighbor pulling into his driveway about 50 feet away but that's ok. There have been a few instances when it went off repeatedly for no apparent reason. This seems to happen in full direct summer sun. But it does not happen consistently. There have been times I switched the receiver off (mowing the lawn and tripping it repeatedly annoys people indoors) and forgotten to turn it back on. So I recommend if you switch off the receiver, leave it on a counter top or somewhere you will see it and remember to switch it back on. So far I have not had to replace batteries either!A total two thumbs up.ORIGINAL REVIEWThey sell these locally at Harbor Freight stores, so if you live near one just drop in, they are $17.99 plus tax. I was having problems with my wireless doorbells working reliably so it occurred to me that one of these would cover both my front doors plus let me know when the mailman or UPS had been by. Also, from a security standpoint, hearing an alert when anyone was on the property approaching my front door was a big plus. For $20 I honestly didn't expect much.The sensor and receiver are nothing fancy but SURPRISE- they work perfectly! In fact, the sensor was TOO sensitive and was picking up cars going by in the street (about 20-25 feet away). I had to change the sensor position to facing across the property in front of the house instead of facing the street. So far it works flawlessly. It was been out in the bitter New England cold about a week. Give yourself a day or so to test it out before permanently fastening it in one location. That way you can be sure it is adequately covering the area you want it to without a lot of false alarms.I secured it to a railing on the front steps with two plastic locking cable ties. If you are worried about someone removing it, use a metal clamp from the plumbing section in Home Depot. It comes with two screws and a hole on the back of the sensor to mount it on a wall-- that didn't look very secure to me at all and it would be too easily removed. There is a small flashing red light on the front of the sensor that gos off when it "sees" you. If you like, cover it with tape to make it less visible especially at night). I bet you could hide one of these in a bird house or something like that if you really wanted to conceal it. It didn't try this though as its not necessary for me.The receiver is pretty loud on the high setting and can be heard through the house. It has a low and off setting too so you or whoever's in the house don't go insane if you are using a monitored area a lot for the day. (Just ask my teenager who was "trying to sleep" during my installation and testing phase on Saturday morning).I realize this unit is still new and has not been through any major rain or snow yet. I will return in a few months to update this review. I was happy enough to buy a second one to put on the back deck that has a glass sliding door. I read there is a way to get two sensors to sound on one receiver but I figure if I leave one set on high volume and the other on low volume, I will know which one is actually sensing something. I hope this helps you decide. Don't let the low price fool you, this thing really works!