*********NOTE: I noticed a couple customer reviews stating they did not receive the exact camera that is pictured. There are even customer sumitted photos that show what he got was clearly not what is being advertised. I don't know what determines which one you get....but I personally got the camera that is being advertised. So my review is based on the camera that is advertised.**********I can't say how much I am impressed with the look of this camera. Most of the reviews have given it a positive rating on how realistic it looks. I always keep my expectations and standards low though. Especailly with a fake camera.I purchased two in hopes of creating a more secured look to my home. Received them quickly with Prime and couldn't believe it when I opened them up!! These cameras look so real!! The lens. The infrared lights. The overall look.There have been a few reviews stating that the low grade plastic makes the camera look fake. I guess that must be a personal opinion.....I personally think it looks great up close, even better mounted on a wall.Installing them was a breeze. I installed both in just under an hour. The only reason it even took me that long was because I took time in deciding where exactly I wanted to put them. I put them up about 10-12ft high from the ground. I'm telling you...I would challenge you to tell me that you knew for a fact those cameras were fake. They look so good. The blinking red LED just sinches the deal. It let's people know there is some sort of power source to these things. It's not just an empty plastic casing. Even more reason to believe that they may be real! Even my nosey neighbor was impressed when she stopped by to talk to me about my impressive new camera system, never once questioning if they were real or not.Now...I've also seen multiple reviews for this, as well as several other, fake cameras concerning the flashing red LED light. Reviews ranging from everyday people to security camera installers that have practically done installations since the security camera was invented[sarcasm]. They all say that no real camera has that blinking light. That it's a dead give away that it's fake. Well...unfortunately I don't have the luxury of a real system. During the day, sure ok, I guess people can see the cameras even without the LED. They look super real and all that.....but if I don't have the blinking LED going at night, there might as well be nothing there...because you can't SEE it. The camera is FAKE. It cannot record. It's NOT night vision capable. So I NEED it to be seen at night. I need a potential thief to be able to SEE, even in the dark, something possibly watching them. It does me no good to have a fake realistic camera at night that cannot be seen. It defeats it's whole purpose. To be a deterrent.Plus, if my home is being staked out by the Ocean's 13 crew, I doubt I'll stand a chance even WITH real cameras.You everyday lowlife and common robber are not going to risk breaking into a home or office with these cameras just becuase they MIGHT be fake because they have a blinking red LED. Why risk it? They'll just move onto the next house or business that doesn't have ANY cameras. Real or fake. I know I would.These cameras are not a fancy $500-$1000 complete CCTV home system....but I think they do the same thing: Deter. That's what we all really want. Right? We want to deter any illicit act. These cameras will give you just that....and only at just a little over $10 each. That is quite a bargain.Each camera also comes with a little 4x4 yellow sticker with a camera silhouette and "CCTV" printed on it. Great litte addition to the whole package.I also wanted to address the reviews talking about the flimsy the joint is, as well as the mounting bracket....all because of the cheap plastic used to make these. I have to agree.....it defnintely feels like if you put too much force, you'll break something. So guess what? I didn't man handle it. I was calm and gentle with it. I mean it's a $10 fake camera. You really expect it to be able to take someone moving it and yanking it around? Also, when I mounted the camera to the wall, I didn't screw in the screws so hard so as to keep the camera there for all time. The camera isn't heavy. It doesn't have to be practically fused to the wall to stay.So yes, it does feel flimsy somewhat. It may even break with a little excessive force....But if you are careful with it, it will survive the installation and look great up and running. I've purchased three and all have made it without breaking.I highly recommend this product to add onto your existing security system or even create your own "security system".*********UPDATE 08-10-12***********As of today, two of the three cameras' batteries have died completely. The third cameras seems to be going strong. I wrote my original review the day after installing them. So on July 13th, I installed two, brand new Energizer AA batteries in each camera. I'm not sure if it's the brand of battery(I'm more partial to Duracell, but only had Energizer on hand) or if it's the camera. I expected it to last at least a couple of months. Either way, that's my only complaint thus far. I'll be trying out some Duracell batteries this time. See if that makes a difference. Still very happy with the cameras though!!