We bought the VTech Video Monitor a few months ago and were immediately disappointed with the quality of the video and sound. The video was grainy and got worse if you tried to zoom in and the sound cut out constantly so it was not continuous. Another negative was that you could only operate the lullaby feature from the Baby Unit which meant you had to go into the baby's room and turn it on if you wanted to use it. Also, the display brightness was pretty bright, especially for nighttime viewing when your eyes need to adjust. It often hurt my eyes to look at the screen in the middle of the night.Positives for VTech: it has an great feature that allows you to turn off the screen and sound, but when it detects sound from the baby unit, it will turn on automatically (Sound Activation). The negative for that feature was that it wasn't always consistent. Sometimes it would turn on and no sound was coming through the monitor, but this was not a frequent occurance. Another positive is that the lullaby feature has an auto shut off, I believe it was 20 minutes. AND, you could operate the lullaby along with the Sound Activation feature meaning you didn't have to listen to the lullaby yourself through the parent unit because the sound would automatically shut off. This was great for middle of the night lullaby playing, especially because I'm a light sleeper.Also, the lights on the baby unit are pretty dim so it doesn't keep my baby awake and I can see with the night vision pretty well, although grainy because of the picture quality.We ended up returning the VTech because the video was not as great as I thought it should be and the sound quality was starting to bother me when it would just cut out for no reason. Also, when you add a 2nd camera (which we are about to do in a few months) it only views one camera at a time rendering one camera practically useless unless you manually check it throughout the night yourself. This might not be a bad thing for parents of older toddlers, but mine is only 2 and our new baby is coming in July so I'd like to be able to listen up for both of them.For the Motorola monitor, we went with the MBP36 because of the bigger screen and I have to say that the picture quality is far superior to the VTech, however the zoom feature is useless because it zooms in 2x which is too close up. You'd have to place the baby unit far enough away that the zoom would be worth it. So, for us, that feature is a waste.Other Negatives for Motorola: the lullaby feature is annoying. While I love that you can turn it on from the parent unit, it does not have an auto shut off AND you can hear it from the parent unit pretty loudly unless you turn the sound completely off (which means you would not hear your baby crying). Like I said, I'm a light sleeper so the lullaby keeps me awake unless I turn the sound off. So, I end up having to wake up some time later and turning the lullaby off myself and turning the sound back on. It really interrupts sleep having to do all of this at night.Positives for Motorola: the picture quality is much better. I can see more detail and I don't even have to turn the brightness all the way up. the brightness level is much better, even on the lowest setting I can still see at night so it doesn't hurt my eyes to look at it at 3am. I like that you can turn the lullaby feature on yourself without having to get out of bed, but I do wish they would have added an auto shut off to that because having to remember to turn it off is a hassle. The baby unit camera pans further so you can look around the room if you need to and you can pan from the parent unit. The VTech only shifts in one direction and you have to move it directly on the baby unit if you want to change it. It does pan slightly but nothing like the Motorola.The sound quality is much better. It is continuous, though it doesn't have that awesome Sound Activation feature like VTech, I don't hear any feedback/white noise over the monitor. Even on the lowest volume, I can hear my son.Finally, the reason we are keeping the Motorola...when you add another camera it will automatically scan all cameras for 12 seconds each, meaning I don't have to select one camera as the main one. It checks them all throughout the night. This makes me feel more secure knowing that if one baby is crying, i will be alerted no matter what.Honestly, they all have their pros and cons. You have to find what works for you. If they would combine the features of these two monitors, it would be one great unit!