First off I think rating the camera a 4 Star is being a bit generous.  I would have liked to rate it a 3 1/2 star.  But oh well..Somethings about the camera:- Easy Setup.  Granted I have a bit of Tech Knowledge but overall I found the product to be easy to set up and pretty easy to navigate the menus.- The wireless distance is pretty good, and that is without the Extender feature enabled.  I have 1 camera in my garage and my router is in the basement.  This is probably a distance of 30 feet with a floor separation.  I did purchase a "No-Name" Chinese brand and found the wireless to be horrible on it!  So I was happy that I was able to get a good signal.- DAY VISION - Inside during the day I get a good picture.  I also get a good picture when pointing the camera outside during the day, going through 2 windows.  Granted the image distance isn't the greatest. But you are able to make out a car model and description if need be.- NIGHT VISION - Inside with the night vision set the image is decent.  With tweaking you can get a good image up to 10 feet.  The Night vision going through a window is useless!  The IFR lights reflect back from the glass and produce a total useless image. But that is to be expected.  I have found that when going through the glass at night (depending on how much outside light there is) if set to Day Vision the camera can produce an ok picture.- I have not done much with the dLink Software.  Most of the reviews kind of pan it so I have yet to try it.  From my Android Apps I have been pretty lucky using IP Cam.  There is a freeware and paid version that works pretty well with the dLink camera.  I am also using it on my DCS-930L Camera.- My biggest gripes are the optics.  The optics on the camera are a bit to be desired.  You can manually focus the lense on the camera.  But I have found that to be a real pain in the butt! Just the slightest touch throws the camera out of focus.  Changes to either video or image quality also seem to be a bit tempermental.  Most image changes will cause the camera to go out of focus (or in focus) and then after 30 seconds the lens will reset itself again.  This is going on a wireless connection.  I will have to try it on a wired network to see if the camera replicates the problem.  Beyond 5 feet the image will start to lose some of its clarity.- While using compression h.264 and switching back to mjpeg my browser will crash on me.  I am using IE 10 on Windows 7.- I have not used Sound detection yet.  The motion detection seems to be ok.  But it will cause a flood of images to my FTP server when it does detect something.I am hoping that some of the bugs dLink will fix with their next firmware upgrade (I hope)  And maybe add some additional changes, such as -Being able to change the default admin account.  Knowing the login name is half the battle in cracking a system. A camera uptime status would be nice.  As well as log features.  Logins, Logouts, Auduting changes, device changes, etc.Overall its a nice little camera that has some pretty decent features for the price.  Some of the things that I want out of a camera this just won't meet the need.  But for a inside security camera it works.  After I play around some more and get it permanently fixed I will update my review.