Although this kind of IP cameras are all similar just with different brands, I still care about a good brand, at least there should be some website with some sales and customer support phone number or email addresses.  The IP camera that I ordered is Wansview branded and I can find their website is wansview.com so I think the one I ordered is still a brand made in China.  I had bad experience with other seller that the merchandise was poorly packaged and not manufacturer's original package, so I had to return it immediately without having a chance to use it.This Wansview NCB-541W that I ordered is in a manufacturer's package and I spent a couple of days to get it work.  Looking at other reviews with low ratings due to frustrating setups, I can totally understand.  Here I want to share some of my experience with using this camera.First, I connected the IP camera to my home network in wired mode (ethernet cable connected to your router).  Follow the instruction manual, running the search in the CD within the package, it was able to find my IP camera's default IP address.  But make sure the first three numbers of the IP address should be the same as the PC used for setup so that they can be on the same network.  When I did the search, my PC's IP address is 192.168.1.xxx, but the searching function in the installation CD still shows the IP camera's address as 192.168.0.yyy, so I had to change the third number to 1.  Make sure the fourth number yyy is a different number than any other devices in the home network.  I also setup an identical HTTP port for my camera.  After entering the default admin account name and password I saved the initial setting.  To view the IP camera using the DDNS that the manufacturer provided on a label the bottom of the camera, I had to login to my router's management interface for "Virtual Server" setup.  I added a HTTP virtual server with my IP camera's IP address as the LAN Server, TCP as protocol, and port as the one I setup for my IP camera.  Now I could view the IP camera "wiredly" from anywhere within my home network using the DDNS address.To connect the IP camera wirelessly, I went to my IP camera's setup interface which as View, Network, Alarm, Advanced, Maintain tabs under Wansview title, click Network on the top, and then Wireless Settings on the right, then check "Using Wireless Lan" and type in my wireless LAN's SSID, Encryption, and secure key.  Then I disconnected the ethernet cable between the router and the camera.  Now I could move my camera anywhere in the house and it becomes wireless.  I can view it from the PC using wireless LAN.  But make sure your SSID is broadcast, if it is hidden, the camera will not be able to find it.To be able to view the camera from outside of my home network, I had to go to Remote Management of my router's setup interface to enable UPnP.  Also I had to go to my IP camera's setup interface which as View, Network, Alarm, Advanced, Maintain tabs under Wansview title, click Network tab and then click UPnP Settings menu on the right and then check Using UPnP to map port and then click Submit button to save the change.  Then I could view the camera remotely from a public WIFI network.To setup the IP camera to be able to send alarm email, I had to go to the camera setup interface, and click Alarm tab, check Motion detection Armed and Send Mail on Alarm, and then go to the email settings page, to setup my Gmail SMTP server, port, TLS protocol, user, and password, sender and receiver.  Make sure user should be entire email address.  Google the internet, you should be able to find the server and port setting for all Gmail, hotmail and Yahoo mail.  A tricky thing was I also had to go to my router's setting interface for "Virtual Server" setup, and add a SMTP virtual server with my camera's IP address as LAN server, port as the one that my Gmail SMTP server uses and enable the virtual server, then I was able to send an email.  Then I waled in front of my camera and wave my hand.  Then I got the email with four pictures showing myself.  So motion detection works!  But when I did this at night, the camera didn't capture my moving.  Maybe the sensitivity setting of motion detection is not sensitive enough.  I have to do more adjustment.But so far I am very satisfied with this Wansview camera.  I can remotely control the lens moving horizontally for 270 degrees and at least 90 degrees vertically.  Many features to explore.  For the price and function, I highly recommend it.