I just installed my Simplisafe system in about an hour!  I spent about 3 months looking at different alarm companies, but ultimately chose this one and bought it from their website directly.  I think a lot of the negative reviews on here are BS.  This system has been reviewed on Amazon since 2009 and 10 of the 14 one star reviews were written in the last 3 months.  I purchased this system for two reasons:1.  It cost only $411 up front and I own it. No lease, etc. (11 door and window sensors, 2 motion sensors, and 3 remotes)2.  No monthly contract.  I got the $25/mo plan so I can control it from my smartphone.I opened the box and planned where to put each sensor.  They installed easily on each of my windows and doors.  Just peel and stick, and for the record, they stick very well! I tried to remove one to reposition it, and it was not easy.  I installed a motion sensor in my garage and one in the middle of my house.  I placed them about 7 feet off the floor and they pick me up every time I enter the room.  I have a 50lb dog and was afraid of false alarms.  I crawled on my hands and knees all over the house and never set it off.  The setup on the website was extremely user friendly.  I was able to adjust the volume and duration of the alarm, label each sensor so I know which has been breached, and choose if I want the sensors to alarm immediately or give time to enter my PIN code. I am even able to open my windows about 1 inch to allow my evap cooler to work without triggering an alarm.  If someone tries to open the window any further, the alarm will activate (about 2 inches).The alarm system uses T-Mobile to send a wireless signal to the alarm company.  The only problem for some customers could be a poor cellular signal in their area.  I checked the T-Mobile coverage map prior to purchasing my alarm and my area has excellent coverage.  I would recommend doing the same.  I have sent 6 test alarms to the monitoring company so far and each time I received a text message and a phone call in about 20-30 seconds indicating they received my test.  Their plans range from $15-$25/month.  I chose the $25 plan.  I can monitor my alarm status and activate/deactivate it from my Android phone wherever I am.  I receive a text message every time the alarm is turned on, turned off, breached, or if my motion sensors detect movement.  My alarm base also chimes each time a door or window opens.  This is really nice to make sure my dog does not run away if I don't close my door tightly and it blows open, etc.  I can even set "secret alarms" to notify my phone of movement but not call the alarm company.  I used this feature in my garage, so I know if someone walks in there but I don't want the police dispatched.I will briefly explain how the system works, for those who aren't sure.  When the alarm is in "Away" mode:  When a entry or motion sensor is breached, the keypad will beep quietly until you enter your PIN. The base unit which contains the cellular unit remains quiet.  If you fail to enter the PIN code within 30 seconds (you can adjust the delay on their website)the alarm base will activate the siren and immediately alert the alarm company.  The alarm company will call you and ask for a password to make sure you are okay.  If you do not answer the phone or give the right password, they will call the local police.  If the base unit is damaged prior to the 30 second entry period, no alarm will be sent to the alarm company.  Because of that, I hid the base out of sight and deactivated the light to buy some time.  After the 30 seconds, they can smash it but the police are still coming.  "Home" mode works the same way except it disables motion sensors to allow you to walk around the house.Simplisafe also recently added smoke detectors ($30) and carbon monoxide detectors ($50) to their options.  I plan on buying one of each in the near future to alert the fire dept of problems when I'm not home.  So far, I am very pleased with this purchase.  It gives me peace of mind when I'm away and when I'm asleep.  I have not been able to trigger a false alarm yet, but I will update if I experience any problems.  If I had to think of anything negative, it would be the keypad.  It looks a little outdated, but I can live with that.UPDATE - I just installed my smoke detector.  It was very easy to add to my system.  I just logged in and typed in the serial number.  I pushed the test button and received a call within 15 seconds from the monitoring company informing me they received my test.  I am still very happy with this system.  I have not had any false alarms and every test I have done has elicited a phone call within seconds.  Hope this helps.