After an exhaustive search and purchasing several camera I thought sounded cool, I finally - reluctantly - settled on this network camera. I could not find another internet-ready camera that has BOTH audio and visual capabilities that was remotely reasonably priced. And I scoured the market. I have no idea why it's so difficult.I say I reluctantly purchased this camera because it is extremely painful to setup if you have a MAC and therefore cannot use the easy setup install CD that is - inexplicably - only created for PC users. I am minimally tech-savvy and have had to learn far more than I felt necessary about my router, etc.After having to setup this camera several times already (due to power outages, etc.), I have gotten the system down. I never would have been able to do so if it wasn't for the kind people like E. Kim who posted a thorough review with tips right here on Amazon and blogs like Society9.com. I would like to 'pay it forward' and help others with the insane install process as I have learned it.INSTALL TIPS & STEPS IF YOU HAVE A MAC (AND THEREFORE CANNOT USE THE EASY SETUP CD FOR PCS)NOTE: If all goes correctly, it should only take 10-15 mins. Needing to troubleshoot can add hours.  1. Plug in camera to router via LAN wire and AC adapter (make sure camera is set to "wired" mode to start).  2. The light must be solid green for the camera to function. If it's not green, check out the troubleshooting here (supposedly Panasonic has good customer service to help with setup but it's not 24/7 customer service so I've never been able to use it as someone who works full-time):[...]  3. TROUBLESHOOTING: I have found it to be utterly disappointing when we do not get the green light right away because it inevitably means hours of troubleshooting ahead vs. a very quick setup. When I had a FLASHING ORANGE LIGHT (2 second intervals), the following worked for me: Unplug the AC power cord from the camera, unplug the LAN cable for camera from the wireless router (instead of from the camera), hit the factory reset button underneath the camera with a pen, then plug in the LAN cable again and finally the AC power cord to the camera. After a few minutes, I finally got the amazing solid green light.  4. Once you have the green light, go to your router home page/IP address (I have a Cisco Valet so may be different on other routers - see E. Kim's review for Airport Extreme).  5. On your router home page/IP, click on DHCP reservation on the basic setup page and look for the "extra" connection labeled LAN IP address.  6. Go to that IP address and create a user name and password and then enter that information again when prompted, then follow the steps.  7. Your SSID is the name of your wireless network (e.g. the name you and your neighbors see on your/their list of available connections when connecting to wifi)  8. Then click on internet tab on setup page, enable auto port forwarding (to view on another computer), register for View Netcam (it's the easier IMO), and enable "allow access from internet (ipv6)" - that's the key  9. To change from wired format to wireless, go to wireless tab, reconfirm the info and set the switch at the bottom of the camera to wireless, then restart the camera (which means unplug the LAN wire and the AC adapter and plug the AC adapter back in). It will take a couple of minutes to get back to green so don't panic.  THEN YOU SHOULD BE GOOD TO GO!