The layout of my condo requires me to go downstairs to answer the door most of the time.  I purchased this camera to allow me to see who is at the door before schlepping down to see who's there.  I also am using it as a simple security system at the front door, as it is the easiest point of entry to my condo.Set-up of the camera, without using the D-Link software, was relatively easy.  I connected it using the included Ethernet cable to one of my switches (to note, my home network consists of a D-Link DGL-4300 802.11b/g wireless router and two D-Link DGS-2208 switches).  I was instantly able to pull up the configuration page in Chrome.  I stepped through the Web-based configuration, and everything worked as expected.  I was able to choose WPA2-PSK as my wireless network type, and was able to enter my key (which does have some spaces in it, this becomes important later).  I disconnected the camera from my wired network, and after rebooting the camera came up and connected wirelessly without a hitch.An important note here:  Oddly, this camera appears to use the same MAC address for wired and wireless connections (I don't think this is proper according to the IEEE).  In my case, the MAC address used just happened to NOT be the MAC address listed on the back of the camera nor is it the one listed in the Wireless section of the camera's configuration page.  This became a problem as I was trying to reserve a DHCP IP for the camera on my router.  Eventually I realized it was only using one MAC address, and was able to fix this.I then downloaded the D-Link Android app which, supposedly, requires registration of the camera on something called mydlink.  The only way to register the camera on mydlink is to go through the D-Link camera setup wizard that is included on the disc with the camera.  I downloaded the latest version from D-Link's Web site and gave it a go.  This is where set-up got really bad.It steps you through many of the basic set-up steps that I had already completed all over again.  I set it up as a wireless camera and inputted my PSK for the wireless network once more.  When it got to the part where it was supposed to register with mydlink, it failed saying it could not contact the mydlink servers.  I tried again, resetting the camera, having it plugged in via wired Ethernet, unplugging the camera, etc.  Each time it failed saying it could not contact the mydlink servers.After my first attempt, and after resetting the camera, I noticed it would no longer connect wirelessly.  Looking into the Web-based settings, I found that the D-Link wizard could not handle spaces in the WEP2-PSK key.  It merely had the first word of my key in there!  Another major oversight on the part of the programmers of the wizard software.I went onto D-Link's American Web site looking for a firmware update, but did not find one.  Luckily, I came across a post in a forum referencing the Taiwanese Web-site which actually does have a more recent English language release of the firmware (if Amazon does not strip it, the address for D-Link's Taiwanese download site is [...]).  I updated to this latest firmware and tried to register on mydlink once more, with the exact same result: Failure.I contacted D-Link support via e-mail and got a simple response back basically saying to try it again.  The most frustrating thing about this response was there was no way to reply!  It came from a no-reply e-mail address and stated I had to open a whole new incident with D-Link support to reply.  I ceased pursuing this avenue of support.The mydlink service still does not work, and so far I have given up on it.  I found a free program on the Android market, tinyCam Monitor, that connects to my camera very well so I no longer really miss the mydlink service.  I also wrote a simple Windows 7 desktop gadget that continuously refreshes the view of the camera.I configured a Cerberus FTP server on one of my machines and configured the FTP functionality of the camera to write an image once every 5 seconds to the FTP server.  Every day takes up about 500MB (at the highest resolution setting for the camera which is 640x480).  This functionality works very well.  I also configured e-mail to work with my gmail account and to send me images whenever motion is detected.  This also works very well, with the sole exception that as the camera changes into day mode or night mode, I get two e-mails.  Most days this only happens twice, but some recent rain storms caused this to happen multiple times in the day which deluged my inbox with needless e-mails.I mounted the camera inside my house, looking out through a window.  During the day this provides a wonderful view.  At night, though, the infrared light just bounces off the window and I can't see anything outside.  I have scoured the documentation and support pages at D-Link and have seen no mention about whether or not this camera can be used outside.  I plan on moving it outside, as the area is protected and shouldn't get wet or even direct sunlight, it should be safe.  I am hopeful the image will be better at night if the camera is outside.  This problem (with infrared bouncing off windows) is well known and I expected this behavior, so I cannot hold this against D-Link.Overall, the camera is of good quality and does what I want it to do, and I am already considering purchasing one or two more, especially if the camera does well outside.  Set-up was relatively easy (with the exception of mydlink) for me, considering I did most of it manually using the camera's Web interface.  Image quality is mostly great, especially during the day.