The system is very simple to set up, particularly because whatever sensors you ordered are preprogrammed into the system. As soon as you pull the battery tab on, say, an entry sensor, it connects to the base station and registers. Looking at the keypad, I noticed it was telling me that it couldn't connect to certain sensors. At first I thought they might be out of range, but then I realized I just hadn't unpacked them from the box yet! I had no issues getting the sensors to work regardless of where I put them (even in the garage or the most distant corner of the house).One issue I did have is with cell reception, but that's not SimpliSafe's fault. I don't get T-Mobile reception at my house, and in the past I had to have a booster before I finally switched to Verizon. In my part of the country, SimpliSafe uses T-Mobile by default. It *might* be good if they asked when you order what cell carrier you'd prefer, since people tend to know what carrier has the best reception for them. Perhaps there's a reason why they don't, but in any case I called customer support and they shipped out a new cell card free of charge, and I swapped out the card in the base station.One very minor nit is that the system comes with additional 3M Command adhesive strips (located on the back of the lid that contains the remote), but if you buy a bunch of extra sensors like I did, you don't get enough extra strips per sensor for corner mounting. The motion sensors have a 90-degree field of view, so typically you'd want to put them in a corner of the room. However the sensors come with a single adhesive strip directly in back of them. There are placeholders for additional strips to allow attaching to the corner of a room, but you need to put those strips in. Long story short, I ordered some more strips:  http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0014CQGW4/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i01?ie=UTF8&psc;=1Other than that, the system is very state-of-the-art and user friendly. Even with the basic monitoring package, I can go on the web site and see a log of when the system was activated and deactivated, which remote did it, etc. When I ran a test, I got an immediate call from the dispatch service. Customer support is good and responsive.The main issue with any alarm system is false alarms, because in most cities you'll get a certain number of false alarm allowances, and then the city will charge you for more. I haven't had any false alarms yet; so far so good. I made sure to place the motion sensors so that they aren't pointing at exterior windows or hit by sunlight, so barring sensor failure I hope to have no issues in that department. You have 60 days to return the system, so that should be plenty of time to see if false alarms are an issue and attempt to mitigate them.SimpliSafe also notifies you if your city requires an alarm permit. It turns out mine does, much to my annoyance -- but while I'm annoyed with the city (if they already charge in the event of false alarms, why should I pay them extra just to own an alarm?), I appreciate SimpliSafe doing that homework for me.All-in-all, with the price, features, simplicity, good customer support, and 60-day return policy, plus the ability to easily move with the system, this is a no-brainer slam-dunk for an alarm system.