After researching countless wireless IP cameras for home security, I decided on this one.  It has a nice combination of features at a fair price.  Ironically, the price of around $125 puts it into the "consumer" realm but the setup is anything but... you had better be a certified network engineer to get it connected to a mobile device outside of your home.The hardware features on this camera are pretty good.  Night mode works OK but I find it better to leave it in day mode, which is less distracted by glare and reflections if you are viewing through a window to the outside.  If you are viewing a pitch black room at night, then night mode is OK.  The audio is so crude that I leave it off.  The image quality is OK once you realize that this isn't a 12 megapixel camera.The software is rudimentary and the documentation that comes with it is cryptic.  As one other viewer reported, you will spend HOURS trying to get this device working and may not be successful.  My biggest problem was getting through my web browser security to view the video feed.  The documentation does not help with these issues.  I'm a serious and experienced computer user but I gave up trying to use Internet Explorer because I could not find the right ActiveX settings.  At first, Firefox would not work either until I enabled the Java add-on.  Unfortunately, when you do that, Firefox tells you that Java causes stability issues and leaves you wondering if you are doing the right thing.  So far, I haven't had any stability issues (I'm running Firefox 17).If you don't have WPS set up on your home router, then the setup instructions are painfully unclear about the sequence of steps needed.  You will have to run an Ethernet wire (included) from the camera to your router to get it on your network.  Once that is complete, you can cut the cord but, again, the documentation doesn't specify exactly when you can do that.If you want to view this device over the Internet and outside of your local network, like from your office or from your cell phone while traveling, then get HELP from someone who know what dynamic IP addresses are and what port forwarding is all about.  It took me a day and a half to work through this on my own, even though I'm very comfortable going into my router and changing security settings.  The latest TRENDnet cameras apparently do this configuration for you in their cloud, which sounds appealing.  Unfortunately with this model, you will need a subscription to a dynamic DNS service to connect it over the Internet.  This process involves programming BOTH the camera and your router with your new dynamic IP address and new port to make everything get through your firewall.  To further complicate matters, my Netgear wirelss N router would not support a free DNS service like no-ip.org so I had to buy an address from DynDNS.com.If this sounds Greek to you, then move on to another camera.I was eventually able to get this camera running through my iPad and iPhone from a remote location outside the house.  The Securview Pro app is not the best but it will let you view the video feed, listen to audio (very scratchy) and move the camera position.  The laptop version of the software allows you to setup video recording of multiple cameras but the software is so awful, I removed it from my computer.  You can configure the camera through your web browser to send you an email photo at regular intervals or set it to detect motion and then send you photos.  Be careful with this setting as you may find 50 emails in your inbox if the sensitivity is too high or the motion is constant.I'm just not sure it was worth the two days it took to figure this camera out, not to mention the worries of messing up my router and fears of making my browser more vulnerable to virus attacks.  Right now, its a curiosity piece around the house that hasn't brought peace of mind.