I have looked at the 4 channel security systems at Sam's club for years. For $219.27 with free Prime shipping and no sales tax, this just cannot be beat. I should add that I did not receive the DVR in the listing, PKD-DK4216. Instead they sent me what must be a newer model, the H9114V. It is much cooler looking and does not have any front panel controls, just a clean shiny black panel. The features are accessed using the remote or using the included optical mouse, both work great. Very sleek looking. Note: It is smaller than the photo makes it look as well, not VCR sized as expected, but only about 11" wide and 1 12" tall.This thing has a 500 gig Western Digital hard drive pre-instaled in it. That used to be an $80 value on its own. All I had to do was connect cameras and plug it into power and a VGA monitor to make it work. I also changed the default password. All cameras work great, not HD, but I think the images are very good. (I was used to a cheap wireless camera system I had before which was very grainy.) My property is pitch black at night, so the night view is fairly limited with just a spot on the ground and some tree branches visible. A person would have to walk right up to the camera and look at it to be seen with any detail. But if we had street lights or security lights I am sure it would be much better. Daylight is great.So, I connected the cameras, mouse, monitor, power and turned it on and up popped four images. Nice. Then I took it all apart and started routing the cables. A half inch or smaller boring bit is all you need if you are going through walls like I did, since you can fish the power and video connectors through the hole individually.The cables are way longer than I needed since I was just putting this in a 20x20 outbuilding. Lots of extra cable.So I got it all installed and then I hooked up the Ethernet cable... Ahhhh... sweet. Note: I am configured through a Ethernet switch (actually a wireless access point which also has wired ports) which connects to my wired router (Netgear dual with wireless turned off). You do not need to be connected directly to a router port, you can go through a switch. I tried looking at the manual to do the configuration and got bored with that and just found myself going out to Google. That is how I found the Zmodo knowledge-base. [...]I was able to find out everything I needed at the above web site. I was able to get all the correct network settings installed by starting with this page: [...] That told me how to get the default settings via DHCP. Later you need to change this to Static as per the instructions (adding 20 to the last two IP digits, in my case 25 + 20 = 45). Be sure to read all the sublinks about setting up IE with the correct Activex settings, setting up port forwarding in your router (they even had screen shots of all the most popular router setup software, including my own) and use the port checker link to check the port settings and get the external address as well, Port checker here: [...] Remote settings: [...]Then I found another page for the iPhone: [...]Note: I am NOT a network expert. In fact, I am pretty illiterate about network stuff. I just searched and followed directions. I am however very computer literate (used to the jargon) and that helped me fill in some blanks which might have confused, say, my wife.Now I can remote view all four cameras from either my PC via IE or on my iPhone. The iPhone app Zviewer is awesome. It even works over ATT 4G. I am leaving on a vacation next week and it will be very cool to pull out my phone and see four realtime views of my property from 1000 miles away -- and without dealing with messy web cam stuff and Windows/PC software. And don't forget... this thing is recording the video as well. You can rewind and see what has happened in the past as well. it's stand alone. In fact, the unit comes with a computer CD and I have no idea what it is for. I think it is for backing up settings or something to your PC via the unit's USB port.I can't wait to dig into some of the more esoteric features of the DVR setup software -- maybe get a motorized camera, mess with the motion detection...there is a lot of stuff in this thing. ALL for $219.27 flat. Awesome! Very happy so far. And check out Youtube for a video overview:[...]