I purchased this camera bundled with a Safemart security system and have found what was a huge expense turn into a massive headache.  The camera can work and the resolution is ok, and they are configurable via alarm.com's website, but depending on the light and how much motion the camera is picking up (i.e. wind, shadows, trees, birds, etc), you'll end up having to turn off the motion detection feature anyways because you'll get too many false alarms. With alarm.com false alarms = a big bill at the end of the month for bandwidth. The night vision does work but you can't see much detail.One of the major marketing points of this camera is how easy it is to install. NOTHING COULD BE FURTHER FROM THE TRUTH. First off, because the advertised PoE does not come with a simple solution, your alternatives are to hire an electrician to get your 120V near where you want the camera or you do what I did and cut the cabling and run a hardwire extension using whatever wire and connectors you can get.  (Since this camera uses a DC wall wart that is not intended for permanent outside use you probably don't want it hanging around outside anyways so you'll have to bury it somewhere in your attic.)Once you do get the camera installed you'll learn the same lesson I did. It's not disclosed in the literature but you have to connect the camera to your router prior to installation. The claim is that the WPS button on the back is an easy way to "force" the camera to "find" the Wi-fi network in these situations, however if your router does not have this button (and of the two routers I have none of them had this magic button) you'll need to drag a super long Cat5 cable from the router (inside presumably) to the camera (outside presumably), climb up to it, and repeatedly reset the camera until the computer "finds" it over your router. Expect to spend about an hour per camera and multiple reset efforts before you actually get the camera to sync up with the website. Then of course positioning the camera is a major effort in itself because the mounting hardware is cheap and wont hold it's position very well. Once you get it set pray to Christ you don't have to ever touch it again.The cameras do technically work over Wi-fi but to get them working is nothing short of a major effort.  Camera #1 was bad out of the box, so I had to remove it, re-fish in a new one through the outside wall and try again. Then, once we got it working, after a few hours I kept getting a "signal lost" message from it. It was determined that the Wi-fi signal was too weak (even though the signal strength appeared ok in the settings and my ipad worked fine in the same location). At that point I had to go out and buy a Wi-fi extender for $100 to get this camera that was about 60' away from the router to work consistently. Don't expect alot of range out of this one.And, as if all of this wasn't enough, after changing ISP's the camera's lost their connection to the ISP's provided router so I had to start all over again. In the process one of the camera's just stopped working altogether, I think it crashed the hardware so I'm sure that one will have to get pulled too.So, would I recommend this camera? NO. I'd rather have my money back. Save yourself the time and hassle and get a proper system that is designed to work with your security vendor or some cheap web-cam. It's gotta be 10x easier with better results.