**VIDEO REVIEW EXTENDED** Search y-tube for my channel, dfizzbom, and watch an almost eight minute extended review. Multiple vids covering the package, a camera mount hack, and how to setup the multi client software. Hope this will help all those interested in this system!Did a ton a shopping- this is a great deal. What you're really buying into with this package is an 8 channel dvr with pre installed hard drive, and the cables. This is the heart of the system. The cables are of typical quality and are fine. The dvr, from all that I have tweaked upon setup, is outstanding. This dvr rivals that of a much more expensive dvr we use at my employment where I monitor another camera system- MUCH more expensive. The dvr in this package is very capable. Big points for that. Note- I used a 15" LCD computer monitor via VGA and setup menus and cameras are perfectly sized. A 19" monitor is great, but not absolutely needed. Another note about resolution choices per channel. This dvr, greatly so, also includes HD-1 [half D1] as a choice on ALL channels too! So actually, from lowest resolution to highest, you have the choice of CIF on all channels, HD-1 on all channels, and D1 on the first two channels if you want that. HD-1 is a very nice step up from CIF and since all channels support it, it's really great. That's a nice feature in this dvr.The cameras is where you get into 'starter' kit. They are capable. They do very well in daylight. They can be tweaked in the dvr to have perfectly acceptable color representation and if you're not happy, you can also make them black and white. All doable. Face recognition is very very good in daylight, and I have my cams temporarily placed two stories up. The live feed has perfect real time movement- not studder steps in live mode. Where the cameras fall a bit short is angle of view and live picture quality at night. 53 degree angle can be fine if you're pointing straight out into the back yard from second story. But point it down to a space you want to cover, and the angle gets tight. Don't expect to cover the entire side of the house below from the peak of the roof when pointing down to the ground. Better to mount one camera under a first floor eve and side swipe the whole area for full coverage. The night vision does it's job too. I have mine pointing down to a doorway below from a second story window temporarily. The patio has an eco bulb for added light. The picture is grainy and would not make for easy identification. But, when I install the camera properly- under the first floor eve swiping that door area, it will crisp the image up and be fine. Proper placement and added light is a big plus at night. But remember, these are really starter cams and although they seem capable, obviously the cameras is the area that you'll look to upgrade over time. And that's fine- you get going right away with 8 acceptable cameras, beautiful thing. Since I'm using only five, I have three extra to put in line should one or more break, while I wait for replacements. That is the biggest reason I got double the channels and cameras I needed, not to mention the extra cables too.Remote veiwing works. I have no plans for mobile phone viewing presently, but remote pc veiwing is what I wanted and it works. It takes some studying to get a grip on how to do it. It's not hard if you read up. I SUPER HIGHLY recommend viewing this wonderful free video crash course-wifi-wiz.netIt's an integral part of setting up remote viewing for any consumer. Read and watch everything there, especially the ip cam section, and you'll be all set. I can offer a couple of tips quickly. Do not forward port 80. You won't be lucky- internet providers block that port and mine does as well. Avoiding that will save time and hassle. I forwarded port 89. Also, q-see manuals and vids suggest only TCP connection type setting in the router. In my experience, you need choose 'both'- TCP/UDP. One last tip- after initailly setting networking in the dvr to DHCP and after reboot, set it to STATIC and reboot. Then enter the new static IP of the dvr into your router and all should be fine. If you have a traditional simple cable modem [non-combo modem/router] and a router, the process will be much easier for you. Remote viewing is excellent. All three pc's have downloaded and show the remote view no problem. That's what I wanted mostly- to keep an eye on my home while I'm at work.You can try, but you won't find an 8 channel system with hard drive installed and EIGHT cameras included for this price anywhere at the moment. Don't miss the deal.