I'll begin my review by saying, this unit is worth the money, affordable and does a great job with nice features, but it can be complicated to set up, so it'll require a little effort and patience, but well worth it!It does what you might expect, but the instructions can require a masters degree in technology to understand at times. The manual is also not current with the actual menu. Thank goodness I am tech savvy. I had some problems right out of the box, but it does work like expected.I tried online chat support several times only to get the message; "department closed". But support by email was very responsive and helpful. Although if you dig deep enough, you usually find the info you need in the Zmodo websites Knowledge Base.It's a nice looking unit, nice compact size, design and quality construction. The motion record is a cool feature. It has some great options. I couldn't find a firmware update online but support sent me a link. Some improvements on the user interface would be nice. You can do more with the mouse than the remote and in some case you must use the mouse, especially if you want to playback video (to select and search for a time block for reviewing).It did not come with the HDD, but I bought a good used one cheap online (you know that *bay place) and installation was a breeze. I had to run the format utility to make the HDD compatible, not difficult, just look for the HDD option in the menu. I'd recommend the Western Digital Blue 1 TB 3.5" SATA Hard Drive - WD10EZEXI finally setup the remote/internet viewing. You almost need a basic understanding of networking and IP's but the included network setup page covers the basics. You'll need to access your modems settings to open 5 specific internet ports or you will not be able to view remotely. Zmodo has a good helper page to guide you through the process (http://kb.zmodo.com/NetworkTutorial/landingpage.html).Most home internet service provider uses dynamic IP addresses, so you'll need to setup the DDNS (Dynamic Domain Name Service)feature in the DVR. This also can be a challenge. I used myq-see.com to set up a free account then programmed the DVR with the DDNS settings. Now when my ISP changes my IP address, the change is sent to myq-see.com account and I use a domain name to access my DVR remotely from anywhere on the internet.The Zviewer APP for the iphone/ipod/ipad or andriod is great. Zviewer also lacks instructions but it's not hard to figure out. To view remotely on the PC, you can only use Internet Explorer and you'll need to allow a Active X Control, which may require a change in your browsers security settings. But Zmodo offers online directions for that.I almost paid $40 for a single channel SD Card DVR but this was totally worth the extra $30 +HDD cost. For my use, the 4 channel was plenty and I will soon be buying the Zmodo Weatherproof Pan/Tilt/Zoom (PTZ) Camera to add pan/tilt/zoom features to my system.This DVR offers lots of high D1 quality storage capacity with your selection of HDD size and the multiple cameras option is a great feature for monitoring my home's surroundings, from a number of different locations.Although you can buy a Zmodo full security kit, which includes cameras and HDD, I found it more beneficial to buy each piece to fit my needs (DVR, HDD, Cameras, Cables).