The software (both for your PC and an Android phone) is very poor!  The hardware is quite nice.  Set up was easy (although the instructions are incorrect).  Depending on where your wireless access point is located and how large your home is, a weak wireless signal may be an issue.  There are locations in my home where I can't get a strong enough signal for it to connect and operate.My opinion may be slightly biased in favor of this unit because on the first day of usage it caught an intruder and alerted me on my cell phone.  Very cool! (the security camera, not the intruder!)However, even though this camera may be very useful, Lorex needs to put a ton of work into improving the software.  It is amazingly annoying to work with the software!  My biggest complaint perhaps is that you can't schedule it to record to your hard drive on your computer (when recording to your hard drive on your computer you must manually start and stop recording),  thus you essentially *must* buy a micro SD card.  And this has the huge problem in that any intelligent burglar (if they notice the camera) will just steal your camera and the recording along with it!Great features:* Okay (most people would probably call it "good") video quality - not like watching a movie but good enough for the purpose!* Alarms sent to cell phone* The "MUST HAVE" feature is the combination of the alerts and ability to view the video on your phone no matter where you are while the "action" is happening.* Audio!Problems:* Terrible software* It's easy to get spammed by a ton of alerts on your cell phone* Incompatible video format (I did find that "MPlayer" would play the files - unlike another reviewer wrote just renaming them to .mpg does not seem to work with all software - none of my video editing software seems to be able to read the files at all)* In the dark the Infrared emitter glows red giving away the position of the camera even though all other LEDs can be shut off with a software settingHere are some of my notes:When changing settings, the "update" takes the camera offline for several seconds.The accuracy of the temperature sensor appears to be very poor (reading 76 degrees when another thermometer reads 71)Image at any resolution has some pixelation (especially with motion but even static snapshots).The audible alarm (without external amplification) is quiet and might cause a burglar to die of laughter.PC Software:Every change to the camera settings requires entry of a user name and password.No ability to configure any schedule (must use "web configuration")Recording (to hard drive) is an "on/off" button (not upon detection of motion or a schedule)Web Configuration:To set up recording you first enable the method (SD card or NAS), then you can set up a schedule and select whether it is continuous, motion triggered, PIR triggered or temperature triggered (so you can watch your house burn down?)Power consumption:4 watts (night vision - infrared)3 watts (day - color)Recording seems to be fairly efficient because it can be set to only record while something is happening (motion detected), it uses about 47k per second of recording.  By my calculations a 32 GB memory card will hold about 177 hours of video.Summary: expect some frustration with the software and a fair amount of trial and error to figure it out, but in the end you have a fairly nice security camera.