Hats off to the technically oriented people that wrote up some great instructions in the reviews!  I would add that changing the IP port to accommodate DNS pass-thru so that the camera can be used and manipulated remotely is not very difficult, but one must be aware of a few basic potential and somewhat immediately recognizable pitfalls.1. Set the IP address first so that the camera can be accessed on the network, saving the changes to the camera.  Again, use the hard wire connection first to set the IP, let it reboot, then you can set up the wireless connection while still hard-wire connected if that's what you wish to use.  If your home network router/gateway is the typical 192.168.1.1, set the camera for a static IP address based on whatever rules you may have set up for DHCP.  For example, you may set up your router to assign IP addresses from .100 thru .254, leaving from .2 to .99 available for static (manual) IP assignments.  Assign your camera IP address to fall in the static IP range.  In the example, maybe use 192.168.1.61 as the camera's IP.2.  After saving the camera's IP address it will reboot as others have noted.  Go back in to the network setup and assign a port different from 80.  Standards exist where emails and Internet access in general use ports 25 and 80.  Port 8080 also has a standard use.  Almost every other port is subject to assignment by users for specific functions.  You may choose say Port 81 for the IP camera's port.  Note that when you select save settings the camera will once again reboot but this time you will not be able to access the camera in the same windows screen.  In order to view the camera locally, you must enter the camera's IP address followed by a colon then the port number.  For example, if you assigned IP address .61 for the camera and use port 81, the new url for the camera would be 192.168.1.61:81.  BAM - you're connected.  I believe someone else mentioned that there needs to be a unique port for each IP address to be remotely accessed.  You might consider assigning the IP address to be the same as the port number for ease of reference...  Or use your own logic and method...3.  As clearly written by others, in order for a dns server to enable access to the camera, you must set up the router to pass your new camera's port assignment through from the firewalled (home) side to the provider (Internet) side and also identify the IP address of the device that has been assigned to the port.  Hence the requirement for assigning a static IP address to the camera.4.  I used no-ip.com in order to purchase a domain name, which I plan to develop for a few other purposes, but I ran into trouble with my four-year-old Linksys router.  It does not support no-ip.com as a DNS provider.  I may upgrade or try to find a work-around, but you might want to verify that your router can support the DNS entry if you use your own.  Otherwise, the DNS site on the bottom of the camera enabled entry for remote access to my Android right away thru my cellular providers' network.  Maybe others know of a work-around?Now to play and get a few more of these running and getting software up to set up my own little security network.  I can't speak for long term quality, as I've only had this up and running a few weeks, but for specific applications, it should work just fine.  Keep in mind pro cameras are up around $2k, so you're not going to get 100 yards of night vision and HD quality...I didn't find the software that came on the cd very useful, but again, remember what you're paying.  If the software had a few more features (and actually let me see the camera quickly), the rating would have been five stars.  At least let the software control the camera and provide a view screen that works as opposed to having to use the web browser interface.  Over the next few months I'll likely purchase Blue Iris or some other similar program and take this to the next level.  Enjoy