Bought a pair of these to monitor my home wirelessly.The included power cable is very short. If you plan to say mount one to hang from a ceiling indoors, you'll need to either have access to a household power outlet up there, or maybe extend the wire so that you could run it from the AC adapter plugged somewhere in the home and run through the wall up to the camera (if you do this yourself, remember that you'll need to compensate for the fact that power decreases the longer the wire is; you might want to consult an electrician and even have them do the job for you so that you ensure enough power gets to the camera and that the work meets applicable building codes). Even simpler (if you have a light socket in the attic) might be to get a device that has both a light socket and power outlets that you can screw into the socket, then run an extension cord to the camera's AC adapter.The camera can be used outdoors at night well enough if you mount it say under an eave of your roof, but using it outdoors during the day sucks. Although the resolution is pretty good, this camera lacks the "IR cut" feature of other models (this feature will automagically drop an IR filter over the lens in the daytime to block IR light), as a result daytime images are largely black and white and somewhat washed out. Indoors though it works nicely, and the camera has a photoresistor which can be configured to turn on the IR LEDs when the light level gets low enough (though the threshold doesn't seem to be configurable.The web interface looks like something out of the early 1990s. It's usable but nowhere near up to accepted web standards for usability and whatnot. Setup is fairly straightforward with wizard-style prompts guiding you in broken English. You can have the camera send you snapshots via email and FTP, and also set it up to be accessible from the public internet. For this there is a live video web page which lets you pan and scan and configure the image quality.It would be a good idea to set the camera up with a UPS, so that if a brownout or blackout occurs the camera will remain online. Also there's a setting which tells the camera to reposition itself on startup; I'd recommend disabling this, otherwise if power does happen to go out (whether because the home's power goes out or the camera for some reason locks up or decides to reboot), the reposition setting will screw up the field of view and have it point say to your windowsill or some other useless direction.Newer models offered by Foscam include the aforementioned IR cut feature and might be a better choice if you plan to mount these outdoors or in areas exposed to sunlight. Also note that if you place one in front of a window looking out, when night falls and the IR LEDs switch on, the image will be obliterated because of the window glass; to get around this you could mount it again under an eave or maybe in some enclosure that's more weatherproof than the camera itself.