I have a garage/shop behind a house we own across town, and even though it had a basic (X-10) alarm, I was always nervous about it since there was no monitoring and only a siren. So I needed a system that could be monitored without a phone line for peace of mind about the stuff I had stored there. It needed to be reasonably priced and have no hidden fees/contracts etc. After some research I decided to try out the SimpliSafe system, and so far I couldn't be happier.The setup is a breeze, and the system was up and running in less than 10 minutes. My only complaint is that it was a little confusing that you had to set the system up online with the serial number BEFORE it would connect at all to the monitoring station. This was only a problem because I was at the garage site installing the unit and didn't have access to a computer to activate it. Most installations will be at a residence where you'll have your PC handy, so it's an issue that won't effect most people. I had to go back home, enter the info via the web, and go back to the shop to make sure that it had a connection to the monitoring station.The base unit talks you through the install, and it was actually why I knew there wasn't a connection to the monitoring station. When I tried to arm the unit and leave, it warned me that it wasn't connected to monitoring. Very cool feature and it provided me with additional peace of mind that the system makes you aware of problems if there are any.The online monitoring portal is really advanced, and shows events (i.e. "Armed by Keychain remote at 4:14pm", etc.) that are really useful. I have the mid-level plan ($19.99/month) that sends me alerts, and it's easy to see how the $24.99/month plan is worth the extra money if this was in a residential location. It lets you see the status of individual sensors and some other useful information.If all goes well over the next month, I'll probably purchase another (larger) system for my residence and will have the higher end monitoring plan for that location. This says a lot, since I have a top of the line Honeywell system already in place there. I hope there is some kind of discount for having multiple locations. If not (and if you are reading this SimpliSafe) then that would be a great selling point! I would also be willing to pay an annual contract price over a monthly fee if that was an option to save some money.The systems themselves can be a little pricey, but if you are comparing them to the long contracts and high monitoring cost of the local (ADT, etc.) systems then it's far cheaper. Seems like quality gear that will hold up over time.If I do end up with another unit installed in my home, I'll update the review accordingly. But if you are on the fence about this product don't worry - you'll be pleased with the purchase!