We got this rather than spend $140+ on a baby monitor for our child.  We always swore we'd never get a video monitor as it seemed like an invasion of our child's privacy.  However, she is now 2 years and 3 months and we are in the process of transitioning from a crib to a bed, and we have quickly learned that we need to see what she's doing during nap times.  We thought we'd try this out.  Granted, it only broadcasts to one TV, but we mostly sit downstairs and fold laundry while the kiddo sleeps, so we just set the TV up (Picture in Picture) in our living room.Pros:- We were impressed with the small size of the camera.- Field of View - For the most part, it captures most of our child's room.  We have vaulted ceilings and placed the camera at the highest place (14 ft).  From here, we can point it down and capture most of the room (room measures 16 X 14).  If we had shorter ceilings, we probably wouldn't get a good areal shot.- It was easy to set up.  We had to buy a RF modulator since our TV has already used up all of the RCA inputs in the back.- The picture is mostly clear as is the audio.  There are a few interference issues (see the Cons section).  Our daughter's room is upstairs and the TV we attached the receiver to is directly downstairs.  In all, I'd say there's about 30 ft from transmitter to receiver.  It seems to do ok transmitting through the floor/ceiling.  I didn't test it to see how far I could go before the picture got bad.- Doesn't affect our home phone (5.4 GHz) nor our Wireless Internet (ATT Uverse - whatever band they use).  Cell phones didn't bother it either - even in WiFi mode.Cons:- This device does not like our microwave.  I'm unsure if they are on the same circuit, but when the microwave runs we get lots of interference.  This is a minor inconvenience though since we don't usually run the microwave for more than a few minutes.  We could probably try an AC interference adapter, but we don't want to spend the money on something that isn't that big of a deal for us.- The camera only tilts up and down.  The arm the camera sits on does allow you to twist the camera, but the picture twists with it.  What this means is that you can easily tilt up and down, but you can't go left to right when you're trying to set it up.  In order to get the camera to look slightly left, I had to twist the camera mount.  This means our picture isn't exactly level, but again, it doesn't bother us too much.- Battery life is pitiful.  I decided to try a 9 volt to see how long it would last.  It was a matter of hours before our picture started degrading.  Once I attached the AC adapter the fuzziness went away and the picture got much better.  Don't get this for it's battery operation option; be prepared to always use the AD adapter.In all, I'd recommend this.  At least try it before you spend $140 on video baby monitors.  Worst case scenario you return it and are out only the shipping.