So I was a nightmare when preparing to buy my baby bits! I read reviews on EVERYTHING and took days to decide and then order items. I debated on this monitor due to the negative reviews, but because the positive seemed to outweigh them, I concluded that it was the best monitor to get.  And at first, I was right. I loved being able to see him, hear him, talk to him, the screen had a great resolution even at night.  Shortly before the one year warranty was up, the screen started going black and wouldn't turn on and off. After removing and replacing the battery it seemed fine, so I didn't bother reporting it to customer service. That was obviously a mistake, because now, 4 months after replacing the battery and the warranty running out, the screen is completely black. It charges with the power cord, but will not turn on. I am disappointed in a company as big as Motorola, that there appears to be a large batch of monitors that break shortly after the one year warranty, which forces parents to have to buy a new one (because what parent wants to be without it when you have a baby/toddler, you need to keep an eye on?) so what, now I am supposed to shell out another few hundred dollars? (that I really don't have because as we all know, babies are expensive!) I expected a baby monitor, for this price and from a supposedly reputable company such as motorola, to last years, not months. It is also disappointing to see that many others seem to have suffered the same fate, yet the warranty remains at one year, because they know it will just about last that before they can take more money.  I guess I'll have to review all the monitors again but I won't be purchasing motorola, that's for sure. Sad :-(UPDATE: APRIL 28th 2014While I still maintain that this monitor didn't provide the use it should have for the amount it cost, I want to give Motorola Customer Service an A*. They contacted me after this review and sent me a new unit (an upgrade with two cameras) and a return shipping label for me to return the broken monitor even though I was a few months out of warranty. I didn't contact them because I thought as I was out of warranty they wouldn't be any help, but I was incredibly grateful and appreciative that they reached out to me following my dismay with their product and provided me with a new unit and asked me to return the broken one so they could look at what went wrong.  I can see from other reviews that some people have had a bad experience with motorola customer service so I think they have listened and I would be more than happy to continue purchasing their products in the future because the customer service was above and beyond what I expected. The new monitor works great! :-)