I use SKJM's iCam software on my iPhone and their iCamsource software on my Mac desktop. I had a few inside cameras, but had never done an outdoor install.After a car was vandalized, I wanted a camera over the driveway. For some reason, users on the SKJM forum gave this camera mixed reviews so I was nervous to try it. However, I have been completely happy with it. It has better color quality and sharpness than my older Airlink AICN500W cameras and is just as reliable.This item is under the eave of our high roof. We drilled a hole through the outer paneling of the house so the cable could go into the attic. NOTE: The cable that comes out of this camera is power, ethernet, and reset cable all in ONE. I think this is for weatherproofing purposes. This is important because when you drill a hole to put this cable into your house, you'll need to drill a pretty large hole -- like a 1" opening or so. You can't just cut this cable and splice it inside OR take it off the camera easily. This wasn't a problem for us. We just ran the cable into the attic and then filled the rest of the hole around the cable with clear silicon.The camera plugs into a regular indoor outlet. We ran a new outlet in the garage. I see you can also buy power adapter extension cable directly from the company. See what you're more comfortable with doing.We use ours wirelessly, and it has been flawless. Image quality is good and the wireless connection has remained strong.SETUP is a bit of a pain. Not in the sense that something went wrong and I had to spend hours trying to figure something out, but more in the sense that the interface is pretty basic. If you have trouble setting an IP address, installing software that needs special configuration, or setting up port forwarding on your router, this camera will make you crazy. However, if these are do-able in your book, you'll be all set. The website for setting up wireless connection on the camera was very basic. You needed to wire directly into the camera first to set it up for wired access. Perhaps there is a utility on the CD included to do all this, but I prefer to stay away from automated setup wizards.I did all of this on my 10.8 Mac using Safari.We have had some rain and the item has continued to work just fine. It is somewhat protected by the eve of the house, but it seemed well built to deal with the elements.The body is all metal. The view angle is smaller than I expected, but I don't do a lot of work with cameras so I didn't have a good visualization of how it would work. The item is about 16" in the air and only shows our two-car-width driveway and about 3' on either side.I tested the night vision capabilities while the item was indoors. It worked really well. Not sure how well it works outdoors, because we installed a security light right by the camera. The night vision is completely automatic -- it turns on and off on its own. Unlike some other cameras, there is not a setting to disable the night vision IR illumination.