The initial setup went OK, but things just kept getting worse. I had the camera up and running and in the middle of the night I tried to get it to record me entering the room. The light was on green and I had the motion detection on. It didn't record anything and I was in the room at least 10 seconds. not a good start.I tried updating the firmware to see if that would help. It would not update via WiFi (tried 3 times). I disconnected the camera and tried to update with the ethernet cable, that workedthen I put the camera back where it was and the headache began. it did not connect. I reset the camera, deleted the entire setup profile online and started overThe setup page kept giving me trouble then. I was constantly being logged off the site for no reason, and everything was giving errors. At this point any impatient person would be ready to return the unit... but I'm pretty patientAfter about an hour the setup process finished, but the motion detection zones image never loaded (it didn't before I updated the firmware either), but I thought it was no big deal at the timeContacted tech support and they didn't seem to understand what I was asking. Long story short I figured it out myself. The motion detection zones are in JavaScript, and I didn't have that installed. Nothing on their webpage mentions that part is JavaStill not working right after that though. the camera simply didn't record anything when I entered the room in the middle of night (what if someone broke in?!!?)Then last night I tried turning the sensitivity up. There is a bar that you can adjust between small movement and large movement. I adjusted it about 1/3 of the way up, from 2/3 which is the factory setting. I also had motion detection zones setup so there shouldn't be false alarmsso I tried again and went down by the camera in the middle of the night, trying to get it to record me. I noticed the green light blinking and thought SWEET, it must be working now right?!!?when I woke up I noticed at first my internet connection said it sent/ received 2.6GB overnight (not good because I have a download limit too)I went to check the video recorded and there was nothing. where did all this data go?!?! I seriously think the firmware update screwed up my camera and now all the settings are going to nowhere because its just not working right.considering sending this camera back :(Update: sent the camera back. got the Sharx VIPcella SCNC2700 instead. guess what works fine :)even before updating the firmware on the Y-CAM I wasn't very impressed with it. the FPS are low (Y-CAM doesn't even list the specs on this camera) and overall just slow response. I would recommend the Sharx one instead. its not as easy to setup, but its worth it.If you are considering the HomeMonitor I would NOT recommend it for security purposes anyway. even when working correctly it seems to miss recording things way too much