I had a bit of trouble getting this camera setup. I'm using Mac which is supported, says so on the box too. The disc/software it comes with, is for windows only, it should have both on it. I had to go to the website and download drivers which were a beta version. Once I started getting the software setup, the software popped up saying I couldn't use the software and its needs an update. Why didn't they have the most current on the main link on their site?So, once I had the correct install software, the camera was found and I went ahead and then added my dlink account. You'll get an email to verify things before you can go any further. The windows disc may have had the instructions on how to make the cam wireless but, once again, I had to track it down on the website. Something that could have taken 30 minutes to install and configure took me 2 hours to finish. This is in my opinion, because of the lack of proper instructions included with the box. It had a disc and a 2 sided quick install guide that was again for windows only. Once i found the pdf with the instructions to make the cam wireless, it worked flawlessly. I have it setup nice and high and it covers 3 rooms. The cam has an ok wide angle lens so this helped.I easily downloaded the iPhone app and have tried it far from home and the speed was quick. I do have a fast internet connection at home and this i'm sure makes a difference. One issue I did notice is that the cam seems to stay black and white. I think it is because of where i have the cam hidden is slightly dark, so it measures ambient light near itself which would make it think its dark when the actual room isn't. The iPad app is called mydlink+ for $.99. You can use the free iPhone app too but the + version has a horizontal layout and you can view multiple cams at once.The cam Itself very light weight and found that if you don't have it situated correctly, and move the power cord, it will knock over. I did not use the screws to fasten it in place as it will be moved in the near future unless i just buy an additional cam. The resolution is pretty good, you have the option of making the sizes from small, medium and large. There's a 160x120, 320x240 and a 640x480. the default was 320x240 so i left it there. The sound is just ok, its got a sensitive mike so you'll hear a lot of hiss. There is an option to lower the sensitivity. There's motion detection where you can set it to send you images to your email as soon as it detects motion. This is great for when you are away and aren't checking your live feed.I picked this over the linksys because of the iPhone/ipad app. I think I made the right choice. The only issue was that the instructions and setup for mac are terrible.