I consider myself pretty tech savvy and I enjoy my electronics. So in anticipation for my son's birth in November, I started an intensive research on various video monitors. There're a lot of choices out there but I stumbled on Samsung video monitors.At a first glance, I think Samsung has the best look and design out of all the video monitors out there; simple and attractive. I love the big screen and simple design. There's nothing to figure out, everything is simple. You play around with it for about 5 minutes and you know what you have. I've seen a lot of various monitors and most of them are cheap looking or bulky... or they're way too complicated.The Samsung brand also sold me. I love their TVs and I love their phones... I figure they'd do a great job for their baby monitor as well.Out of all of Samsung's monitors, I zeroed in on the SEW-3036. I bought it to test it out and get used it...to make sure it's going to be a dependable monitor for our son. Our first child, so you can get pretty obsessive.I was impressed with the video and sound. Video, both day and night time, is the best I've seen. Sound is clear and their two way talk button is a very convenience feature. I can imagine using it to talk to my baby as well as my wife...  The audio on this camera is very stable. Usually when a microphone and speaker is involved...there is a lot of feedback. This monitor, as long as you don't have the monitor volume at the highest, the feedback is almost non-existent.The battery life on this monitor is also very impressive. I tested and fiddled with it all day long and the parent unit just kept on going. The parent unit comes with something called the `Vox'. It's pretty useful. If your monitor doesn't detect sound for a minute, it'll go to sleep. If it hears something, it comes back on. It makes the battery life last even longer.A list of its other features, it has a zoom button with a pretty clear 2x zoom but I found myself not using it much. But it's nice that it's there if you need it.  It has a scan mode that I might use if I had more cameras. You can connect up to four...I don't know if I'll need that many, but that's pretty good. I guess you can put the cameras in multiple rooms; something I think I'll need when my kid gets bigger and starts walking.Overall, it's a great system. The price isn't bad. I found more expensive comparable units or inferior units more expensive. Samsung has made the right choice. They brought down the price and focused on the most important features to make the SEW-3036 a very solid monitor. I've played around with it for a couple of days now and I really think it's going to make things  a lot easier for me and my wife.  A very excited soon-to-be dad here writing what I found! I'll update the review after I try it out with my baby!!!! But so far, I am very very impressed!