I've only had this baby monitor for a day or so and already I love it. We bought this because I had the bad habit of checking on my son too early (I wanted to make sure he actually fell asleep, but whenever he saw me, he'd think it was time to stand up and play - or, I'd hear him cry and I'd walk in to give him his binky, even though he'd have just grabbed it himself and didn't need me, which again, would make him think it was time to get up when he saw me).We had tried an audio monitor before, but didn't really need it. I could hear my son throughout our really small apartment, and it didn't stop me from walking in on him too early because he'd often be quiet for several minutes before actually falling asleep. For moms like me who like to check on their babies, this monitor is perfect. I can see the entire crib, and I can click it on or off whenever I'd like to take a peek. The view isn't as crystal clear as the photo would have you believe, unless you can get a really close-up on your baby, which I can't do because my little one crawls around too much and doesn't stay in one place. But the image is clear enough that I can see when my son is asleep/awake/has his binky/doesn't have his binky/etc. Sometimes my signal blinks like it's too far out of range, which has me worried a little bit for when we move into our bigger house in a couple weeks. I'll be sure to update my review if the range is affected.***Update***We've now owned this monitor for about ... four months or so? Anyway, it still works great. The range is completely fine even for our new larger home. In fact, it might seem weird, but our monitor actually works better in our house (probably because there's more open space?) than it did in our small apartment. Go figure.One problem we've had with it is that the antenna casing isn't too strong. The monitor fell from our bedside table (about two feet high) onto carpet, and the antenna casing broke off. Because the antenna inside the casing is just a metal-ish wire, the monitor still works just fine. But we've now had to glue the casing back on twice. So, I'd recommend putting the monitor somewhere where it won't likely fall.Another problem I've had with it is that the battery life doesn't last too much longer than ... oh, about two and a half hours. This is actually quite a long time, but when we put our son down for the night at 7:30, and then we leave the monitor with a babysitter, I'd like to know that the monitor is going to last the entire time we're gone. So I usually just leave her the cord as well so she can plug it in if need be.Other than those really small complaints though, I really love this product. It works so well for the price and has all the features I need.