I've owned various network cameras over the years, from Axis, D-Link, and Linksys.  This Panasonic camera is by far the best one I've used to date because of its excellent image quality and good pan tilt feature, all at a pretty reasonable price for what you are getting.  The camera itself is very compact, it's about 3x3x3, and the white cube design makes it reasonably attractive (in other words, it won't stick out like a sore thumb).  Images and video are all very good in daylight conditions.  Compared to the cameras I've had in the past, the Panasonic images are incredibly sharp and clear (with no manual lens focusing required).  The video streams smoothly across my 802.11g network.  Low light video, on the other hand, is not that great.  This is a great daytime camera, it's not for you if you want to do nighttime monitoring, such as in a nursery with a night light (which I am not).  The camera also streams audio, and this feature works very well.  Audio comes across smoothly and clearly.  The audio feature is one-way (listen only), however you can trigger the camera to sound an alarm if you want to get someone's attention on the other end.  Pan-tilt feature tops off this camera's feature set.  It's not 360 degree pan/tilt, but this camera also doesn't cost $1000+.  You can get about 90 degrees panning left to rigiht, and about 40 degrees vertical tilt.  The 90 degree pan is sufficient to cover a normal room, just place the camera in a corner and you'll be able to see most everything in the room.  The movements are pretty responsive, there's maybe a 1 second lag between issuing the command and seeing movement.  The pan/tilt camera movement is pretty quiet, but not 100% silent; you can hear the lens moving when it is dead silent, but otherwise it's not that noticeable.  The zoom feature on this camera is digital and not optical, so basically there is no zoom (which is pretty standard for this price range).  Setup was very easy and straight forward connecting to a Linksys WRT320N - no problems out of the box.  Just follow the instructions.  The wireless range from camera to router seems to be about the same as from my notebook to router.  As with all network cameras, users view the live image or video by connecting to the camera's internal web server through any standard web browser.  The Panasonic web interface allows you to view a single camera, or multiple Panasonic cameras at the same time.  If motion detection is something you are interested in, you'll be happy to know that the camera's built-in web interface captures and will send still images or a notification message to your e-mail when movement is detected.  It also records a few minutes of the most recent movement activity detected.  The motion detection works very well and is reliable.  I have not looked at the software on the CD that ships with the camera, but reviewer Scoosdad has helpfully commented that it ships with video recording software that is functional (see comments section).  Overall, I am very happy with this pan/tilt network camera.  There are other pan/tilt network cameras that cost less than the Panasonic, but network cameras are really one of those things where "you get what you pay for".  Great job Panasonic!PS: The number of shills on both sides (positive and negative) for this particular product is getting pretty ridiculous.  Read through all the reviews and comments, it's not too hard to pick out who the paid reviewers are.  For example, there's the non-native English speaking guy who makes the same spelling and grammatical mistakes in every review using his twenty accounts.  I won't name names, it's pretty easy to figure out who it is.  And then there are the pro-Panasonic guys who are maybe a little *too* into this camera.  Come on guys, just make a better product instead of wasting your time on paid reviews.