These are a great deal for $60!  I agree with all the positive things the other reviewers have written. You get COLOR, wireless, pan and tilt, infrared (works in pitch black), two way sound, motion detection and 30 frames per minute video plus a bunch of notification options.  Once you have them set-up accessing them from the internet with PC using IE or an Android phone is super simple.  I hooked up two of them last night and I'm really pleased with the value.  One of the posters below said they were only black and white.  That is not true, I get color when the light is sufficient.  They switch to black and white when it's really dark and they begin using the infrared spectrum.My only concern and the reason that I knocked off one star (would have given them five), is that the instructions and setup software are confusing.  The setup software works fine, but it's difficult to understand the interface and some of the translation is funky.  The same is true of the instruction manual.  I've included some tips below for those familiar with networking.TIPS: Generally, be aware that camera will reboot after some operations and it takes about a minute, so be patient. Also, after changing some settings you have to exit your browser and then go back in to re-establish the connection to the camera. Make sure to press the "SET" and/or "APPLY" buttons after you make changes.Getting started:Put the included disk in and use the IPCAM Finder program in ADVANCED mode to set the IP address and port number of the cam(s) first, USING A CONNECTED NETWORK CABLE, then once you have the IP set, point to the address with your browser and the port number you set (like 192.168.1.XXX:81) then USE THE BROWSER BASED INTERFACE to set up everything else (like the wireless settings and passwords.) Once you've got the wireless setup up you can disconnect the network cable then disconnect the power cable and reconnect, that should put the cam online wirelessly.You need to make sure you set the cams up with static IPs in you home network or you may not be to access them from the outside after their DHCP lease expires. Don't choose an IP that is within your DHCP range and don't let the cam use DHCP to get it's address.On my own setup I had to forward port 81 and port 82 in my router to my two cameras (obviously you have to set up each with with a different IP and port number during setup) because I wanted to hit them from outside my home network.When you scan for networks in the wireless setup sometimes you have to click SCAN two times for it to list them. Once you have the list you just click on your home network and set the shared key (wireless password).If you don't have a static IP, go out to the web and sign-up with dyndns then you can use a URL to get to them from the outside. For my two cameras it's like URL = "myowndomain.dyndns.info:81" (or 82 depending on which cam I want to use.) My router is capable of updating the DNS server at DYNDNS without a client installed on my PCs. If your router can't do that you'll need to install the update client from DYNDNS on your PC.Once you have the cameras all setup accessing them is simple from Android phone or IE browser. I tried FireFox on my Linux netbook and it works fine too.The software and manual are a little funky and some of the translations are weird. For example: to turn off the green light in on the camera, you choose "been extinguished" in the drop down.There is a focus ring around the outside of the lens, you can adjust the focus with this if you need to, but mine came from the shipper with good focus.