I received the package today, it arrived super fast! However I will have to actually rate the product when I receive it since I was sent the wrong one! They send me the model 21013 instead of 21030. It is just so unfortunate seeing as this is one of the more expensive items I have purchased on Amazon and I bought it as one of the holiday daily deals! Good thing this is for my personal home and not an actual christmas gift for someone or I would be incredibly annoyed. I am shipping back the package tomorrow for a replacement. Hopefully it won't be a difficult process to get the right model and I can write a more accurate product review.10/31/2013 Update:So this definitely deserves an update that I have been too busy during the holidays to get to. Right after I wrote the above review Amazon emailed me within a half hour apologizing for the mistake (which really isn't their fault it is the manufacturer who packaged and labeled the box incorrectly). They shipped me the correct item OVERNIGHT free of charge which arrived the next day and is the exact item I purchased! they sent the item even before I had the chance to ship back the incorrect item. This is one of the best customer support experiences I have EVER had with any purchase anywhere! They were very prompt in responding, corrected the error as fast as was humanly possible, and set it up so I could ship back the items at their cost at my leisure. I will never hesitate to purchase anything from Amazon if this is really the kind of support that I will have access to on the off chance something goes wrong. But so far this has been the first.As for the camera I have not yet mounted them but have run them around my home as a trial basis figuring out how best to play them outside. The DVR is incredibly simple and easy to operate. The camera are of good quality materials and the video image is clear enough for security purposes. Night vision can be a bit blurred at a distance which is to be expected but right up to say the front door and it is easy to tell who it is. I will be mounting an IR spotlight for the main camera to the front of the house just to better expand the night vision capability. The package came with everything I need and for my home the included cables are long enough for the run I am planning. The only downside I can see and where others have mentioned is the very audible click sound it makes when switching night vision on or off. Now this isn't a concern at all as they will only click twice a day while outside and you will most likely be no where near it when it happens however if you plan to mount these indoors for some reason especially in a room where you may be turning the lights on and off often this can become very annoying very fast.I am very happy with the cameras, and even happier with Amazons customer support and lightening shipping!