Bottom Line Up Front: This camera does what it's supposed to do but you will need to be patient and conduct some web research if you're not IT savvy. Don't assume you can plug-n-play 5 minutes out of the box. This was my first stand-alone IP camera that wasn't a PC-attached video chat camera.Setup: I recommend using the included Ethernet cable on your router to get it configured as you will likely need to DL a firmware update on your PC and pass that to the camera. Since that will likely turn off the Wifi radio in the camera, you will want the wired connection there. The TRENDnet web site has the updated firmware when you're ready for it.Your router will assign an IP to the camera, write it down and set up your router to reserve that IP address for the camera in the advanced settings section of your router's control panel. You don't want a power cycle on the router to re-assign its IP assignment. Mine is 192.168.1.10 on the LAN side. Opening a web  browser on any tablet or PC on your home network and typing http://192.168.1.10 (or whatever your router assigned) will show the camera's home page as it has a web server built-in. The web page will have a screen image from the camera and some menu options.Configuration: Use the provided CD and follow the instructions to get through th setup. One note right up front, motion detection will work if you have a computer OS and browser that allows unsigned, unverified ActiveX content from an external  source. I had to use my daughter's Windows Vista OS and IE8 to get the camera's motion detection set-up image. If you don't see an image with a grid overlay (to turn on motion detection areas in the FOV), you won't get motion detection  functionality.Email: You will need to identify an email accout from which your camera can send images from. I knew from previous experience that trying to use Yahoo or Gmail wouldn't likely be supported so I used my ISP's email account as SMTP server information was easy to find. I then setup the camera to email my Yahoo account so I get reports on my phone or tablet no matter where I am. I tried both the interval email and motion email options and they worked fine. I have not tried the  scheduled email option yet.Streaming: To see streaming video from within your own home LAN, just visit the http web site for your camera's address or download a third party app. I use IPCam Lite (free) on my Apple iOS devices. You remotely turn off/on motion detection and LEDs from your smartphone. To see your camera's streaming video on the internet from anywhere in the world, you'll have some work to do.Your home's IP address: Learn it, write it down, check it often. You can use this as an alternative to Dynamic DNS services that may cost you. Since most ISPs use dynamic assignments for resdential consumers (unless you already have a static IP),  you will need to set up your viewing app with this IP address to get to your house from the internet. You willl also have to poke a hole in your routers firewall to allow outside access to your camera. Each router is different in this regard so research port forwarding and how to add a port number to an IP address. For example, if your home IP address is 50.80.122.253 and you are forwarding your camera's port to port 21, you'd enter 50.80.122.253:21 in the web address.I have yet to try FTP and Dynamic DNS so no advice for those yet. Also, if you put this cam in a window to view an outdoor night scene, command the LED off and put it in Day Mode to turn IR LEDs off too. They reflect off of the window and spoil the image.