It was much bigger than what I expected which posed a problem when trying to stick it in a hiding place.Setup: It was kinda a pain for me because my router is not near my computer. Initial setup requires connecting the camera directly to the router. I found myself constantly moving back and forth from the router and camera (in one room) to the computer (in another room). At the very end on the 1st try, it failed to recognize the camera causing me to do everything a 2nd time. I have the luxury of being somewhat familiar with computers and networking which proved useful because the camera also requires doing some port forwarding among other actions in the router.Operation: Signed for TZO trial. Tried numerous times to get website to appear with no luck. Ended up having to copy and paste the web address from the notepad file it creates to actually get the site to appear. Not sure what the difference was between what I typed and pasted but anyway. To see if it was user error, I had my mother (in another location) try and the same thing happened: no luck when typed but works when pasted. Using a computer from within the home (and same network), the video feed would show. Video feed would also show on my mothers computer. However, when I tried at work, there's no feed (assuming due to firewall). While this is not necessarily the camera's fault, it does me no good to have it if I can't see it while I'm at work. On the otherhand, video viewing is supposed to be available on smartphones. Using my Blackberry Curve 8530, I initially couldn't get anything at all use the address. Then I found out it needs to be RTSP instead of the normal HTTP at the beginning. With RTSP, I looked as if the video might finally play but instead gave an error message. For a week, I searched the internet for a resolution and could not find one that worked. So now that I can't view it at work or on my smartphone, there's absolutely no need for me keep this.Also, there's secondary software (included on installation disc) that you can install to your desktop/pc. It allows for in-home camera monitoring capable of displaying several views at once if you have additional cameras. There are actually two configurations (when to record, how to handle motion detection, etc.) between the website configuration page and desktop configuration to which I found out the hard way, work independently of one another. Maybe this is my ignorance but I didn't know that in order for the camera to record if setup on the desktop config, the computer has to be on. I didn't think an ON-computer would matter since it's a wireless network cam but I was wrong. To save recording setup from website config, you need establish an online location and path for the recordings to go. Not sure how many of you already have this but this was another unplanned step that I wasn't willing to make.Quality: The picture was a picture. Not bad but not bursting with clarity either. The more light, the better the view.Conclusion: If you just want to view your home while you're at home, this is good. If you want to view it from residential home networks, this is good. If you want to view anywhere else, good luck! Most companies have firewalls and unless you work in that companies IT dept., is hard hard to know if you'll be able to see it or not. This makes me wonder if I would have the same problem out-of-town where I'd be using the hotel's WiFi. Would it show or be blocked again? Majority of cell phone users have smartphones nowadays (Blackberry, Droid, iPhone, etc.). Which ones actually work with this device, who knows. My blackberry is RTSP capable and its software has the latest v5.0 so go figure. If I could've gotten the video at least through my phone, I could have made due, but as I type this, the camera is in transit to the Refund Dept.