First of all, I'll say that I'm not a computer professional and don't have a lot of motivation to spend hobbyist-like time on getting this kind of stuff working. I just want it to work.Unfortunately, I found it to be a very challenging installation procedure. The directions missed several steps, and wander off into jargon repeatedly (why do programmers always do this?), but you should be able to figure it all out and get it running if you're only going to be using it with a computer. Image quality should be acceptable, depending on your needs, and the controls in the web browser are good. The camera seems well built. So far so good, but with the sloppy directions I would give it a B+ so far.However, if you want to use it with a cell phone app, beware. The sequence of installing the app was ridiculously and needlessly complex. After many wasteful minutes on the phone, though, I had finally got the iPhone app working, at least in the room where I had installed the camera with my laptop. Note however that the mobile app streamed data at several MB per second even though nothing was changing in the scene. I burned through 50 MB in no time while checking out the image as I was on the phone with the help desk, to make sure everything was functioning as it should. If you're paying for data (i.e. not on an unlimited data plan), you'll reach your limit very quickly. I had intended to use this to monitor our dog while we were away. The built in incentive is certainly... don't use it very much.. and hope that nothing happens to the dog between your viewing time!But, pressing on anyway, and finally thinking everything was ready to go, (after accidentally hanging up on the Insteon rep, who didn't call back even though I had given him my number), I then moved the camera to the location where I would be using it to see if, from throughout the house, I could see the camera images on my iPhone. The system failed on the first attempt. The camera and iPhone could not connect. When I brought the camera back down to the room where I had installed it, it was as if nothing had ever been installed. Puzzling new feedback/text/questions/etc appeared on the computer screen and on my iPhone. I was lost and gave up. I will return it, as I don't have the time or motivation to decipher the poor design and implementation of others.Overall, although the Insteon help desk was very helpful and competent (but it took 48 minutes to get a human to answer), this is unfortunately a very poorly designed system if you're looking for cell phone access to a remote camera (note that a cell phone features prominently on the box). Very little thought has been given to simplifying installation, and the range of the camera relative to the wi-fi and/or cell phone seems too limited. My overall impression is that it's an unstable and user hostile system. I would avoid it.