I really wanted to like this monitor. I loved it at first. The picture is great, the infrared function works beautifully, the screen is nice and big, and the panning function is wonderful. I would still love it if it just worked properly and continued working properly for any length of time! I am so frustrated by this monitor that I am compelled to write a review to warn others, and I NEVER do things like this. This monitor worked beautifully for us for about 6 months. I would have given it five stars and recommended it to everybody at that point. The first time it broke was our fault - someone helping to clean our house knocked it off a table, and the LCD screen broke instantly. I was surprised at how easily it broke, but I just figured this type of screen is fragile and we need to be more careful. So we bought the same monitor again, but upgraded to this model from the slightly cheaper one because it had a larger screen. We have had problems almost since the beginning with this model. First, the cord to the unit literally fell apart. My husband had to rig it so that the internal wires were twisted together so it would work at all. Again, I figured we just pulled a bit too hard on the cord and this was probably our fault. But then the cord stopped fitting tightly into the unit where it plugs in. Nothing had happened to the monitor or the cord at where it plugs in...It just somehow loosened up and wouldn't hold the charging connection anymore unless the cord was positioned in a certain way (which was nearly impossible to achieve). We called Motorola and received a replacement cord. This cord fit perfectly (tighter than the first one ever did), so we figured we were home free. Within weeks of receiving the replacement cord that actually worked, the monitor stopped working. We had video, but suddenly there was absolutely no audio. We called Motorola again. I could tell by the fact they asked me no questions and said "there was no fix for this problem" that they had received this complaint before. It took nearly a week to get our new monitor from Motorola, so I lost a lot of sleep wondering if I would be able to hear my son crying from his room all the way across the house. We have now had the new monitor they sent us for a matter of perhaps two months at the most. This one suddenly has a new problem: We always have audio, but the screen is completely white with no video about half the time when we turn it on. We are able (most of the time) to fix the problem, but only by opening the back of the monitor with a screwdriver and moving the battery and battery attachment around until the video magically appears again. Obviously, it is not acceptable to have to repair your monitor about 50% of the time when you want to use it. My warranty for this piece of crap will be up in June, so I have no doubt we are going to run into problems with getting it replaced when it keeps breaking (and at this point, I do believe it is "when" and not "if"). I have even hesitated to call Motorola because the best they will offer is to replace it with another one of these monitors, and I have zero faith in the quality of these things at this point. My son is not even 20-months old, and we have now spent about $400 on Motorola monitors that won't even get us to his second birthday. This thing is not cheap, and I am really disappointed and, frankly, pretty annoyed at this point. I have a lot better things to do with what precious moments of free time I can get than calling Motorola, waiting for replacements, and driving to the post office to send back the broken monitors. My advice is to spend your money on a different brand!