Due to my wife's excellent decorating taste and landscaping skills our house looks like I make a LOT more money than I actually do.  This certainly isn't something to complain about, but it does make me worry that thieves might imagine my house a good target (of course, they won't find the loot they might expect).  So, a security camera seems like a good idea.Installation was a cinch once I found a location with close access to an electrical outlet and a view of most of the front yard (we have a long ranch-style house, so multiple cameras would have been a better idea than just one in my case - and the camera itself does not move).  It also needed to be somewhat sheltered from the elements as the camera is water-resistant but not water-proof.  The receiving unit is wireless so it only needs to be located within 100ft of the camera which wasn't difficult in my case.  It can be connected to a TV (I ran it through the DVD player) with RCA style connectors, but I would have preferred a USB connection to connect with a computer.  But it comes with an SD card for recording which can be inserted into the computer to view pre-recorded data.  I also want to note that the receiving unit need not be connected to anything at all since it will record on the SD card - a nice feature that would allow you to hide it from a burglar, thus keeping your video record safer.The video from the camera is color, but appears almost b&w; when viewed on the television (it looks better on the SD card and viewed on the computer).  It's not as clear as I'd like, but I'm also using it in a much larger setting than would be optimal.  I set it up to record based upon motion detection (you can also set to record at specific times), and although there's a slight delay of about a second before it starts recording it works pretty well.  Large trucks rumbling by on the street (and the awful ear-splitting Harley Davidson motorcycles) will start it recording as well, so I ended up with a lot of unnecessary clips of the driveway and yard.  The receiving unit can be set to beep (my wife described it as the "Psycho" noise) when it detects motion which is another nice feature which me and the kids have used as an alert that mom is home and we need to help unload groceries.  The volume on the beeping noise can be adjusted or turned off completely.  The night vision also works quite well (the red LEDs for the infra-red are easily visible at night - a potential small negative).  One last feature I wish to mention is the microphone on the camera - I could hear my kids riding skateboards and saying "hi dad" very well.This is a nice and easy to install system - I just hope it doesn't add to the impression from the street that we've got more to protect than we actually do.