It's been a couple months since I purchased this camera system and ooooh boy. Talk about a lesson in "You get what you pay for."I'm a sysadmin by day and have always had an affinity for troubleshooting and working with electronics. I have had my fingers in everything from car cassette players to several Raspberry Pi's around my home that I have programmed to run my sprinklers, garage door, and my movie projector. The point I'm trying to make is that I fancy myself a very capable person when it comes to most all things electronic -- and never in my entire life have I felt so defeated by a piece of gadgetry.Right out of the gate I had massive issues with configuring the devices. There are three difference places you can (try to) program theses cameras: Through the DVR, through the Active X controller in IE (and only IE), or through ZViewer in Windows. All of which are laid out different, all of which never reflected settings changed in another medium, and all of which are very clearly built on hurried, shoddy programming. I would hazard they were about 65% done with the actual software engineering when they decided to put these cameras in a box to start selling them to people.The biggest issue by far was just the complete failure of three of the cameras to accept configuration changes.Want to change the password? "Operation failed."Want to turn on motion detection? "Operation failed."Want to change the IP Address? "Operation failed."Even when one camera inexplicably decided to start accepting configuration, it never took. Motion detection never actually worked. Pretty much my only option for recording was to have them run 24/7 and eat up my hard disk.After FIVE hours on the phone with tech support across three days (Because they failed to call me back twice.) I had to RMA three of the four cameras I initially received. Today, I finally got the replacement cameras, I have just now plugged them cameras in and went to configure them... "Operation failed." on two cameras. One of the new ones is now "working". I can change the password on it, but it's probably going to take the an alignment of the stars to have motion detection work. Not that I really care about that because about a week ago one of the PoE switchports on the back of the DVR has went out and now I'm going to have to RMA that too!Pros:- Three different ways to program the cameras.- Remote viewing on smart phones.- Cheap.- Lots of features.- Tech Support rep was excellent. It was not pleasant but we both put out heads down and did what we could for several hours.- 720p video.Cons:- Three different ways to program the cameras... that were obviously rushed and ultimately don't work.- Remote viewing on smart phones... That uses the bafflingly insecure witchcraft of UPnP to work. Anyone with the know-how and motivation could view these cameras from anywhere in the world.- Cheap... and it shows.- Lots of features... That with a lot of luck and an animal sacrifice, you just might get two of them working... But probably not.- Tech Support logistics were just awful. They never answered live chats. Emails weren't answered. When I finally broke down and called them, it was a 45 minutes wait time on hold and then multiple failures to call me back when we had to pick up where we left off the next day.- 720p video... complete with significant fisheye blur, auto focus issues, and image ghosting. My flip phone from 2006 took clearer video.Final word or tl;dr: These cameras could have been amazing. This particular Zmodo product, with the combination of PoE and 720p sounded perfect for me, but in use the whole package just stank of being the "next gen" Zmodo product that was rushed through development. I've literally wasted more of my time trying to make these cameras work than they are even worth.