First, you must know that this review was written by a person that manages and engineers a private company security network of 10 stations and a total camera count of 105 cameras.  The D-Link DCS-5020L caught my attention because of its wireless transmission and pan tilt capabilities bundled with IP interface.For the experienced computer user, you will have little problem installing this camera on a wired or WIFI network.  Follow the excellent documentation that comes with the box or online to complete this task.  You can control this camera on its local network by simply logging into its webserver.Please note remote control with pan tilt viewing technology has been featured in IP cameras since at least 2003!  Coming from an experienced security technician, you should not purchase this product just because this feature is inside and you believe it is state of the art.The most important factor of a surveillance camera is its optic quality.  When your home or business has a security event, you will want to see every frame of recorded video to help the police capture who invaded your privacy.  The images recorded during the day are difficult to make out facial features after 15ft.  You could mount this camera next to a door way less than 4ft away to ensure you get all the necessary facial features shown to recognize a visitor at your home.The video seen from this camera can be described as 540TVL at best.  As an example, a 720TVL BNC surveillance camera is currently the best rating for traditional wired video cameras.  A further example, other IP cameras on the market today can record your eye color from 50ft away using high quality optics.  You should pick the right camera for the job rather than buying a camera and hoping you can depend on its video in an emergency.At night, the video quality drops even more because the D-Link DCS-5020L must depend on its 10 infrared LEDs to light up its viewing area.  You will have trouble making out facial features after just 10ft at night unless some other light source is nearby.  As a comparison, some outdoor surveillance cameras of this size use over 48 infrared LEDs to illuminate and make night-time prowlers fully visible.Using an aftermarket software program called Luxriot, I record IP video at some of my offices.  The software was used to record video with the D-Link DCS-5020L and I was getting frame rates of 8.5 FPS at 640x480 over WIFI using a D-Link cloud router.  The frame rate jumps up to 9.75 FPS when connected to ethernet.  A frame rate lower than 10FPS will result in just two recorded images of a criminal or robber running by this camera at night.  For this reason, you should consider using this camera for casual personal use rather than trying to monitor an apartment front door or indoor area of an office.ConclusionThe image quality of this particular IP camera was not stunning but it does do the job.  The D-Link DCS-5020L is not weatherproof so it should stay indoors.  The recorded video in Luxriot was not great either.  As a result of these three factors, I was left with the decision of giving this product a 3 star rating.  You have to consider all these factors when purchasing and writing a security camera review and felt that you should at least consider another product before buying this one.  Today, I use this as a training camera at my office and have it mounted on an indoor wall 2ft away from a doorway to ensure the video quality is acceptable for the task.If you need a basic camera for real-time video surveillance from your mobile phone then this product is a decent deal.