sturdily built.  Clips on to the existing mirror by strong spring clamps and has a little weight to it so occasionally with loud music, you'll see a subtle vibration in the mirror.  the screen and the mirror are the same place so the mirror image is slightly darker than your original stock mirror in day and night ( like a faint tint but brighter than the night mode of your mirror) but this is minor.  It's still clear enough for viewing. The mirror is bigger so your field of view is also larger although the magnification is about the same.  The wiring instruction is deficient.  once you connect the wires, they can be easily tucked and concealed behind the lining of most vehicles across the roof and down the a column on the driver's side of the windscreen.  The power cables need to be connected to a power source under the dashboard (12 v and ground) in your vehicle that preferably is only powered when the ignition is turned to the acc or on position.  Ideally you should have a voltmeter to confirm this although if you're familiar with car electronics, you can find ways around having a 12v gauge.  I installed it by trial and error although I wouldn't recommend it for safety.  The wires don't come with shrink insulation or crimped ends so prepare to have electrical tape/ crimper/ solder iron/ crimps etc available.  I used a solder iron and tape.There is a blue wire that needs to be spliced to the reverse lamp wire (it only serves to sense that the reverse lamp is activated and so automatically power on the monitor if you have a reverse camera connected and automatically power it off after you shift out of reverse ).  This blue wire is short and so you have to find the reverse lamp wire in the front cabin or buy an extension wire to track it to the reverse lamp wire at the back of the vehicle. It does not power the monitor.  Do not power the monitor from the reverse wires unless you only intend to use it during reversing.  If you connect the power from an alternate source as recommended but don't connect the blue wire to the reverse lamp wire you'll have to power on/off the monitor manually while reversing, which is annoying.  If you connect the blue wire as recommended, this is done automatically and it can be overridden by the monitor's power switch when you want to view from another source.I connected the monitor to a reverse camera and the image from the monitor is pretty clear for a low resolution screen and more than good enough for reversing.  It's also bright enough for daytime viewing but better in the night obviously.  NB that the mirror image is still visible when the monitor is on (that's why it's tinted, to allow the monitor image to shine through) so in very bright light, you may not see the monitor image.  there are different aspect ratios, a simple remote and simple menu options.  The camera video input jack is a female but the additional jack to allow the attachment of another video input is a male plug so you may need an adapter with most devices.  It clearly is not a high def. monitor though.NB I installed this in a FORD Ranger pickup.  I had recently used the wireless reverse camera and monitor in another pickup but there was way too much interference during ordinary use causing deterioration of the picture, static lines, loss of the image and it would pick up other random wireless signals from other passing vehicles, security cameras, houses as I drove by.  So I opted for the wired installation and I'm quite happy with the quality and consistency of the image.All in all, a great buy for the price and a DIY job I think. Hope this helped.