I own 6 Lorex systems.... lower priced ones like this one, and their more expensive versions...I will say this about Lorex, you get a lot for your money.  Unfortunately, you get a lot of Chinese made products that rarely do what they are expected to do.  You are never exactly sure what they will or won't do, as the models change so fast, there is never time to get the marketing materials accurate on the hundreds of iterations they have on every product.  And when they do work, its often can be temporary, as the products are quirky.  And if you don't have 12hrs min. to dedicate to set up (after all the wiring is completed) then hire a professional.  I have set up a lot of these, and still can't complete a complete set up in less than 12 hrs, and then the following day, following everything in the Lorex literature, expect to be on Lorex 800 help line, on hold for up to an hour, and then the service reps are very short with you, they can't be bothered....and it seems like USA support.  Want this to work on your Android devices?  Good luck.  Yep, after 4 hours, got it to work on all my Android devices, within my WIFI...of course, you can only view 4 cameras...is it that hard to offer at least 2 screens of 4 cameras????  But then, it will not work when you leave WIFI, which is where you really NEED IT !  As many posters noted, the instruction manuals are not complete, so much missing information, and often, even after doing everything, and calling tech support, it simply does not work...  Want it to talk to your Apple Devices?  Manual says download Apple IPAD Lorex Mobile Eco app...sounds reasonable, except app does NOT EXIST, no mention of why.  I later found it under Iphone apps.all this... and yet, you can buy some Foscams, and a $5 app, IP Cam Viewer, and whamo, you have amazing access from your remote devices, as well as the ability to move the cameras around from your devices or PC...you can record on 3rd party sites as well.  Wondering if this entire centralized DVR method is dated, or at least, not necessary, as they simply have not put the R&D; into these products to benefit from the centralized control... or Lorex doesn't have the foresight, not sure.  6 years ago I thought, wow, they should have this system perfected in a year or two...well, 6 years later, still quirky.  I think this will be my last Lorex system I buy...need to buy a better built / designed / supported video system.  However, if you are on a tight budget, I can't deny, Lorex gives you a LOT for your money...like all things in life, its a set of compromises you deal with.Update....  got very ambitious and determined to make this system work, called Lorex tech support again... wait times...40 minutes on hold, to get level 1 tech on phone50 minutes, level 1 tech transfers to level 2 tech...90 minutes on hold for level 2 tech...finally I surrender...you need to be retired, and be patient,  sit on phone all day with these overseas tech support.  I asked the first tech today where she is located, heavy Phillipine accent, she claimed Toronto.... oh well, so its not USA, whatever... they don't fully comprehend English, which is always part of the problem trying to resolve technical issues.  When both parties have the same native tongue, it's still quite hard, add the language barrier, hold times, limited knowledge of level 1 techs, and its not easy getting these products to work FULLY.... its our new world order of Walmart and Costco dominating retail sales...Day 3....  finally got Android running on 3G, took 6 hours to figure this one out.  and, still wanted to get the Video OUT (remote) display to show what I wanted...I thought it could do it, but no information in the manuals.  The 2nd level tech (2 hrs again) started probbing me, try this, try that, does this work, etc.  Meaning, we both were playing a guessing game, his information was as limited as mine.  Then, by sheer random luck,  I hit on a formula that worked and remarkably I could control which cameras (4 options now avail, 1-4, 5-8, 8, Sequential) that display on the remote display.  Again, you need tremendous patience, accept that many features are NOT documented in the users manual or in the high level teck support manuals... be willing to gamble a day or two hounding Lorex tech support (at times), or just experimenting... I guess its safe to say, the set-up is far from,  plug n play.  This is prob. why Lorex has some simplified systems that monitor only, which reduces the number of variables that must be set up, documented, supported, etc.  At least this system had no defective parts.  The last two Lorex systems I installed, all needed the DVR to be sent back to Lorex as tech support determined they were defective, again, after 6 hours of trying everything on the phone with them.  Often its not easy to decipher between a hardware and software problem.