After several months of self-education, trial and error, my conclusion is that we home owners don't realize what IP cameras are good at and more importantly, what they are not.  All of the marketing right now indicates that this is the way to go, easy-peezy, set up the camera on your wireless network (as a computer systems design engineer, easy for me, perhaps not for others, I don't know about that point), and bingo, you can record, see your camera(s) with your smartphones or over the web on any computer with your username/password you set.  What could be simpler?  No wires, no mess.Oops, hang on, there is indeed one cable at minimum, the power cable.  And this camera is not 5V as is written in the description, it is 12V @ 1Amp (12Watts... if you're thinking solar panel & battery setup like I was, it's not going to be cheap).  But at least it has audio, mic and speaker, right?  No, it provides mic and speaker connections and leaves you to figure out how to make that happen, without any specs for either, I might add.But for me, what hit me in the face once I started running my experiments with this camera, and this goes for any IP camera, is that if you simply put it on your wireless network and want it to be viewable all the time and recordable just some of the time, such as with motion, you are eating up your wireless bandwidth.  Think about all of the ways you currently use your wireless bandwidth at your home, e.g. wireless gaming, watching streaming movies, making Skype calls, using a wireless server, etc, etc, etc.  Well, then prepare to eat up a big chunk of that wireless connectivity with your new streaming camera.Plus, this specific camera is just standard display, meaning in networking terms, the image is going to only be sharp enough to make out faces or whatnot from about 10 feet or so distance, regardless that the infrared lights can let the camera "see" much farther.  Those farther images are blocky & blurry.On top of that, those images are not "real time" even if you have nothing else using your wireless network.  I put up a stop watch and moved my hand in front of the camera.  With nothing else on my wireless network, my waving hand showed on the screen 20 seconds later.  With a movie streaming on my network and my better half using her laptop, my waving hand showed up on the screen between 1 minute to 1:30 later.  If you were watching your camera to see if someone was about to bash in your front door, well, my experiments indicate that they would have bashed in the door and grabbed you before it would ever show up on your screen.When I dug deeper into how professionals recommend IP cameras be setup, they recommend using ethernet wiring, not doing it wirelessly, that the cameras' ethernet cables go into a network switch that is also hooked up to a dedicated pc for live watching and/or recording.  All of the bandwidth used is on this sub-network.  So that little set-up is "real time" and the feed coming from it onto the internet is, yeah, delayed, but they are expecting you to only watch the delayed feed if you're watching via smartphone away from home, so it' just for you to be able to call the police.And get this, they expect you to only want to do selective recording and that's how they are not going to eat up a huge amount of bandwidth per camera, e.g. if there's motion, oh, but you won't catch the motion that happened that triggered the camera to come on because that takes some time, only what happens after that.  Sounds like how my simple game cameras work.Okay, so, think about not wanting a blocky, choppy image.  Want something better?  Then in the IP world, you have to go to an IP camera of higher megapixels.  But guess what... the higher the megapixels, the more bandwidth the camera eats up to transfer the images.Bottom line, I am going to keep this camera for another application.  But for home security, nope, I decided to go with High Def wired cameras, much cheaper for a whole setup of cameras and dvr, can watch them in real-time, zoom them, get audio, set up recordings, etc, and not anymore difficult than an IP camera because, hey, you gotta run power to those IP cameras anyway, it's not like they are really wireless, lol... and yeah, I can see my wired cameras via the internet just the same.