I bought two of these cameras and have set one up on my home network.  The other camera is going to another location, which I have not set up yet.My first impressions of the quality and features were very good. Build quality is nice, however not what I would call heavy duty.  For a HOME or Office environment, I think they will work just fine.  IMHO it won't hold up in an industrial environment well.  I'm a certified Network Engineer, so getting this up and running was pretty easy and working it into my home wired and wireless network/router was painless.  But, if you don't have a lot of experience or have a LOT of patience, you might not find this easy.  If the terms PORT FORWARDING, DHCP or Static IP make your palms sweaty, you might find an experienced friend to help.  The supplied 10 page manual, one for Windows and one for MAC, are not translated very well, and you will need to interpret the meaning carefully.  After reading the manual, I still had questions and called their TECH SUPPORT, which 'sounded' like it was forwarded to China (over SKYPE).  The connection was not good, and the technician was not fully fluent in English.  However, I did get my question answered and I moved ahead with my install.  I was up and running in about 10 minutes.Side note: I did NOT want to use the CAMERA TOOL SW they supplied, I wanted the challenge of setting it up on my own.  If you have some experience, let me save you a few head scratches: The FI8910W does NOT have a Static IP address.  You can't just set one.  It pulls an IP from the ROUTER.  You can find the IP address by looking in your router MAC table and matching the WIRED MAC address with your router IP assignment.  Then just plug in that IP of the camera into ur browser and continue the setup (USER/PASSWORD/Resolution etc).  Really Simple.  BTW, Wireless setup was just as easy, just SCAN find ur SSID, provide ur wireless password and pull the LAN cable (it won't support both).  Again, look in the router MAC assignments, and find the WIRELESS MAC address and use your browser to log into the camera.  One piece of advice: If your router allows you to SAVE the IP address locked to the MAC address, I suggest you do that immediately after finding the IP.  This way if you unplug or turn off the camera it will search for a NEW IP address and you might be chasing the camera IP in your router again.  (I saw a lot of Forum comments about this and I could see where this would be frustrating).The Pan and Tilt has one medium speed, but there is a Auto PAN that will continuously PAN the camera if desired.  All P&T; functions are accessible from the main screen.  I was able to control the camera with my iPhone, and the FI8910W was smart enough to lower the screen RES to match the iPhone (vs the higher 640/480 for a desktop).  Picture quality is very good, but there is a LOT of barrel distortion from the very wide angle lens they use.  It does give you a huge horizontal view, which is what you want in a security camera.  I have not tested the IR night vision or the Snap Shot or notification feature yet.  I'll amend this review once I get that working.  I intend to add this camera to my 3 other security cameras in a MAC application by Security Spy (MAC ONLY).  I use iCamViewer which to my surprise supported the Foscam camera perfectly.4 Stars is still a very good rating, but I dropped 1-star for lack of a good manual and confusing warranty/tech support.