Simplisafe motions sensors are effective, if one is trying to protect themselves from an elephant or a bear that is not smart enough to know what a motion sensor is or what an alarm system does. If you put yourself in the eyes of a burglar, this system is easier to break even for a first timer. Simplisafe system is as easy to break it, as easy it is to install it.This is only good, just to have a burglar system for the sake of having it. Does it give the peace of mind that you are looking for after spending time and money, absolutely NO. In fact, I would advise not even advertising that there is a Simplisafe system through window and door decals. Any burglar who reads this review, will not only know how to break it through Simplisafe system, but will also target houses that have Simplisafe systems. So please do not make yourself an easy simplisafe target.Cons========1. Simplisafe Home mode can be set only from the key pad.2. Biggest flaw of the Simplisafe system: Motion Sensors--2a. Motion sensors are effective only in the direction they are facing and have to be within human height to detect motion.--2b. Motion sensors placed between 5" and 6" are easy to remove. Not only can they be removed, but also unpowered by removing the battery and the Simplisafe system will not recognize that.--2c. Motion detectors are effective only in the direction they are facing; hence one can come from the side and remove them, effectively making it useless.3. Base station, in spite of setting for NO voice alerts. Does give out voice alerts making it vulnerable to its location and a burglar can easily smash/break it from sending the signal.4. An alert activated by a control (motion or contact) will not send an SMS unless it is past the few seconds time (about 30 sec) when the alert signal is sent to the monitoring station.4. In continuation of the point 4. You will not know what control triggered an alert if the alarm system is switched off prior to sending an alert to the monitoring station.5. Alarm system gets activated, even when one of the door contacts is NOT in command mode, violating the basic principles of an alarm system.6. When in alert mode (home or away) the system still take time to activate the siren for any activation by motion sensor, again violating the basic principles of alarm system. Since it is an alert by a motion sensor that is usually inside a home, there should not be any time gap.7. No way to know, if the system is back up and running after an alert, unless you pay extra for online command.8. The siren is virtually sound less, if one puts a hand on it.9. No way to know specifically the order and which control triggered an alert when an alert does gets to the monitoring station. The system only says a generalized motion sensor or door control triggered the alarm.Pros=====1. Text alerts when subscribed are good2. Door contacts work effectively.3. Easy way to control through PC which control to put in away or home mode and control the time and pass codes.Overall: 1.5/5