After using a Summer Infant monitor for nearly three years, and expecting another child, we decided to "upgrade" to a more expandable system. Expandable, yes. Upgrade, no. This product comes up short in quite a few areas.The sound quality is horrible. With the sensitivity level all of the way up on the camera, the sound up all of the way on the monitor, and a person speaking only 5 feet from the camera, we had to put our ear to the speaker on the monitor to still hardly hear what was said.The video quality leaves much to be desired. With the lights on, the full-color video is really good. But, turn the lights off and the infrared video quality is barely acceptable. Our three-year old, analog video monitor has much better IR quality video. Also, the older product does so without having red LEDs on the camera; which can be frightening to a toddler in the middle of the night. This camera sports the red LED "monster eyes".Skype capability is not as user-friendly as we thought. Creating a new Skype account is easy. Setting it up for auto-answer is also easy. It's all easy. But, in order for someone to call it up and see what's on the other end of the camera, the monitor has to be connected (via a USB cable) to your computer. Sounds obvious, right? Well, we were expecting a little more "wireless" connectivity. The product information and specifications seemed to imply a wireless concept. We just assumed the monitor would connect to out wireless router (via WiFi) and we could manage things that way - not the case.Voice and video are sluggish. Our analog system was responsive in real time. When we used this product and our old one at the same time, we notices a 1-second lag in both the video and audio. I guess that's not so bad, but is not what we expected in 2013. Being digital, we also noticed significant pixel disturbance in the video AND choppy audio.With the audio detection and transmission being so poor, some of the automation features on the monitor do not work well. The specifications and intent suggest the audio could be turned off and only when a noise or voice was evident, the monitor would transmit (reducing background noise). If the camera can barely pick up a voice in the first place, it does not alert the monitor to "wake up".Camera rotation and slew is kind of loud. While the rotation and slew is really good, it makes a lot of noise (especially when moving downward). That said, our nearly three year old was not disturbed by this noise, once he was a sleep.Need to buy more pieces in order to mount camera on wall. We would prefer to have the camera mounted on the wall, but without additional purchase, you'd have to use double-sided tape (not supplied). We like mounting cameras high, so as to see more of the floor / room. When sitting flat on a table, the camera only looks down to bout 45 degrees from straight down. Mounting high on a wall would be better.The positives? It displays video and has a speaker. Without an additional camera, we cannot comment on its ability to display multiple feeds.Maybe the one we got is just defective? If we hadn't bought it from Zulily.com (no returns), we would be returning it and looking for something different. This particular experience makes us want to revert back to analog technology...