Like many have stated, this is a great piece of hardware. There are many capabilities at your disposal (once you get it to properly work). That being said they do work if you put in the effort. I'm not in the IT industry but I do know how to deal with my home network. If you are familiar with forwarding ports, setting up an ftp and such, this should be no problem for you. However, I do believe that the average person will get frustrated trying to make this camera work with its internet capabilities. It took me about 3 hours playing around with the settings and getting all the functions to work properly.If you are just interested in using this as a CCTV and don't need this to be live on the internet then you should be fine with just plugging in the unit and setting up some minor things. It worked straight out of the box and I did not even install the software from the included disc. Everything is self-contained in the camera where all you need to do is login to its internal website.From the limited time I have played with this unit, I have found the following:1) When zero users are logged in and with the motion sensor recording function activated, only a series of still jpgs are recorded in a preset time interval (you can set the recordings in as little as 1 second gaps). You can have the camera automatically email the images to up to 4 recipients at once, store the images on an ftp, or both. There are sensitivity settings for the motion sensor as well.2) From my experience, I can only record video when a computer is logged into the camera. When zero computers are logged in, I have not found how to enable the unit to record video, save it on a remote computer via ftp, and/or email the video file automatically; similar to how it does it with jpgs when zero users are logged in to the camera. I'm not even sure if it is designed to do this. This means if you want video to be recorded, you would need to have a computer logged in to the camera at all times; either remotely or within its own network. Videos are set to record at a 1 min length and from what I can tell cannot be changed. Videos are saved on the computer that is logged in and to a designated folder set by the user. If anyone found a way around this then I apologize for my lack of effort to find the solution to this issue. If I find more information I shall update my post.3) I have not attached a mic to the camera so I cannot comment on the capabilities of sending out audio via the camera but the unit does have a built-in speaker. If the viewer has a microphone connected to the computer they are using, then the viewer is capable of talking to the people (or pets) seen on the other side of the camera. The only mic I used was my gaming headset with an attached mic (which works perfect for gaming), but from this experience, the audio coming out of the camera was extremely low and pretty much non-existent. It could possibly be my mic but like I said, it works fine in a gaming environment so that would make me think the cause of the low audio is the built-in speaker on the camera unit. It would probably work best if you connected a powered speaker to its audio out port which I have yet to test. Similarly, if I find more information, I shall update this post.4) I tried but did not get the email functions to work with gmail, yahoo mail, or hotmail. Even with the suggestions of what others have posted, I kept getting errors and ultimately did not work. I have a 3rd party email system I use with my registered domain. People have had success using their ISP's email which should also be free.5) I got this to work on my iPhone 3g. I tried out the free app called CamViewer and also bought the $5 app called NetCam 16. Both work fine to view and control the camera but the NetCam has a few features that would be useful and I think is worth the low price.6) I did get the DDNS service to work using a free account at DynDns (dot) org. You need to know how to forward ports on your router to get this to work properly. I did not have any issues on my end setting this up.Overall this is a great product. I do plan to buy two more to put around the house. It does everything I want it to do and more. The manual is fairly decent in instructions and got me thru a few sticky situations. For the price, I would definitely recommend it to anyone with the advice of having a techy on hand to help set it up. There's my two cents so I hope that helps. Good luck!