We were searching for a babycam that my husband could access from his phone or laptop while on the road traveling.  I am generally tech saavy so I considered a bunch of ip cameras on the market.  I thought I could do the configuration myself even if it was a little complicated but was happy to find WifiBaby since buying a camera made for surveillance purposes and configuring the network seemed a little annoying while I was 8 months pregnant.  I was able to set up the camera easily on our home network for viewing over our wifi by following the tutorials on the wifibaby website and the included instructions.  I did this before the baby was born.  After the baby was a few weeks old I decided to finally try to set up the outside network viewing and I almost was able to do it with the instructions online but ended up having to fill out a support ticket.  Gary was great and we set up a call within a day or two, we screenshared and he basically just set it up for me.  I probably wouldn't be able to replicate what he did so if I moved or things got reset I'd probably have to call again but it's working great for now.  Overall pretty easy to setup and good for a late term pregnant lady/new mom with very low brain capacity!I like being able to record to a miniSD card since I already have a bunch on hand from cameras and other devices.  I knew from investigating online that I would have to purchase apps for our devices to be able to view the camera so that didn't bother me.  We bought the android app tiny cam pro for my android phone and the baby monitor hd for my husband's iphone.  I actually like the ios app better (I like the visual tracking of sound) but the android app works fine too (you can turn the leds on and off within the app).  It was cool to be able to check in on the baby the first time we left him at home with someone else, even better than calling.  The camera quality is great for our purposes, I can even see my baby blinking.  Using the LEDs at night is key, it works great and the red lights don't bother my baby.  I wish there was a way to change the position of the camera through the apps like with a standard baby monitor.  We just used it while a sitter was watching the baby and the baby was juuuust out of frame.  If I could have moved the camera down just a bit I could have seen the baby.  For now we prop it up on a bookcase near the crib and wheel the bassinet right near it, when the baby is older and can reach the bookcase I see how you might need to mount it or something but for now the stand works fine.This may be a software/app issue but the camera refreshes a LOT when I'm viewing it on my android phone (Galaxy S4).  Each time it refreshes it mutes the audio.  This is annoying when I'm trying to listen in on my baby while I'm in another room.  I asked Gary about this while he was fixing my set up.  He changed some settings but it's still happening and is annoying but not a deal breaker.Pros: easy to set up on wifi network, great customer service, picture is extremely clear, you can set it to record to SD card or alert you when it senses movement, limited choice on apps - they just tell you which one to use which I likedCons: hard to set up over 3G/4G (outside my wifi network) by myself so I had to find time to contact customer support which is hard with a newborn, can't adjust the angle of the camera remotely (not really a con since I knew that in advance), the camera refreshes really often which turns off the audioOverall: The camera itself is good, the picture quality is better than I expected, it's a good size and relatively easy to set up with help from customer support.  It has worked well for us on both android and ios devices.  My husband has been able to look at the baby while he's gone which was our main goal.  If this wasn't our objective I might have gone with a traditional video and audio monitor but I'm glad we didn't.  It's nicer to be able to check on the baby from anywhere than I expected.