I've owned this camera for 5 months now. Over the past 10 years I've owned more than a dozen network cameras. Today I have eight running at home and my parents place. I have had some bad cameras in the past and some great ones! So far this camera has worked extremely well.Installation:I mounted the camera on the corner of my house in under 30 minutes, ran the Ethernet cable with external power over Ethernet adaptors and had it up and running in under an hour. Although this unit is wifi capable I always run cameras on Ethernet as its much more reliable. In addition, you need to power the unit so why not kill two tasks as the same time and run power over the Ethernet.About the Camera (Physical):  The camera itself is built from solid material. The dome will swivel around to the required spot and by undoing the 3 nuts at the top it will allow you to remove dome enough allowing you to get your drill into place to screw & mount the arm against a wall.  Once installed, the dome can be then screwed back into the elbow at the top. The camera and IR inside the dome are mounted very flush against the glass so there is no reflection of the IR off the glass back into the camera. Many other cameras have this problem! The camera makes very little noise when it's being moved. The IR sensors create a very small red glow in the dark but are very hard to notice. The camera has functioned perfectly since day one. I'm not sure what the specs say but the camera has functioned without a problem down to -20F. The motors that move the camera and the electronics have functioned flawlessly. I have not used or tested the wireless portion of the camera and would suggest which ever camera you purchase to do whatever you can to use a network cable and power over Ethernet if need be.Camera Software:The software is probably the biggest downfall of the camera. When you login it gives you 4 different options to use (IE mode, push or VLC modes for Safari/Firefox/Crome and snap mode for cell phone). In some ways this is good as you can select what kind of view/software you would like to use and you're not using some software that kind of functions as it was designed for another browser. Although it works with all browsers it has a few more functions with IE and a slightly better outlay. The overall software could be given a little sharper look. The buttons have no names but are easy to figure out with 5 minutes of using the camera. As everyone has their own preferences it takes only a few minutes to go through all the available menus to set your preferences. One downfall is the OSD (On Screen Display) of the time and date. You can set this to any color which is fine but as the camera moves the background color changes making the OSD unreadable a lot of the time. They need to enable a black box to appear around the OSD so it's always viewable. The software has many options which really help you overcome any unique problems that come up like flipping the camera, DSL settings, screen rate, dial up, FTP, PR speeds and the list goes on. The camera responds very quickly with all commands. I have accessed the camera from home and away on my laptop, mobile phone and IPAD in the US and overseas and each time the camera worked perfectly. I have some 3rd part software on my IPHONE and IPAD that access all my cameras and the camera is supported by this software. I have never had to reset or reboot the camera to fix any issues. The good thing about any of the minor issues I mentioned, a software update can easily take care of any of these issue.Camera Image:The image is very clear and looks great whether viewing it on my IPHONE, IPAD or laptop. I had it set to full frame rate and can achieve that most times. The night vision works very well with great range on the IRs and no reflections back into the camera. I found the IRs can be just a little bright when the place is covered in snow but it's hardly noticeable.Overview:I would recommend this camera to anyone who would like to monitor outside a home or business. It could be also used in larger inside areas as well such as a garage. With very little network or computer knowledge most people should be able to set one of these cameras up. I would suggest using a static IP address where possible and you must forward ports on your router to make this viewable outside of your home or business.  Unless anything changes I will give this a 5 star rating.