I purchased this camera to keep an eye on my home while I am at work. It works great. Setup for my local network was a breeze, and it only took a few more minutes to get it viewable over the internet. I do have knowledge of networking, ports, etc, so I could see how someone without that knowledge might have some trouble. But there is a ton of information on the web, and there are step-by-step tutorials on YouTube that make setup much easier. I am a Mac user, so I was using Windows 7 on a newer iMac running Parallels. I had to configure most of the advanced settings on Internet Explorer. The included video monitoring software isn't that great. A: Its PC only, which isn't good for us Mac people, and B: It really doesn't work that well anyway, even on a PC (I was using Windows 7 through Parallels). The main problems I had were extreme latency, as well as having trouble getting the recording schedule I set up to actually work. One day it would, the next it wouldn't. It records to a .SEF file, which is kind of weird. I had to use VLC player to view the videos as I couldn't get the software to play them back reliably. It also crashed a lot and overall just seemed unreliable. I don't know if the fact that I was running Windows 7 through Parallels had something to do with it, but I've never had any issues with other Windows only software running on there. I am using EVOCAM ($30) on my Mac, and it works great. I had the camera configured in EVOCAM in under 5 minutes. I do all my recording remotely on my laptop. I've heard Blue Iris is a great program for PC (LE Version $30), but I've never used it. The included Linksys webapp works pretty well in IE. If all you want to do is just watch the camera or configure the motion sensors to email you a JPEG or video, then you would be fine without purchasing a third party software. I use this webapp on my iPhone to view the camera from there. But if you want to set up recording schedules to record video to your hard drive then you might look into purchasing one. I Feel like the $115 (including shipping) I spent was well worth it. The camera is great, and well worth the money.Pros:-Camera works very well. Its not HD quality, but it also doesn't claim to be. It does exactly what it claims to do, and does it well.-Easy setup if you have any type of networking knowledge (if you don't check out Google or YouTube and you should be fine).-Good low light visibility.-With motion detection set up, it gives the option to email you a JPEG or short video file upon motion detection. This function works very well.-Great price. Well worth the money. Although the monitoring software isn't great in my experience, there are plenty of options out there, and I think the software is really just a bonus at this price anyway.Cons:-Included monitoring software isn't up to par. In my experience it had a tendency to crash, run very slow, and be overall unreliable (on a Windows 7 PC). But for $30 you could buy Blue Iris (PC) or Evocam (Mac) and be able to run multiple cameras easily and reliably.-No zoom function (it doesn't claim to have one)-No pan or tilt function (doesn't claim to have this either).-The audio function doesn't work that well. A lot of it is probably due to my internet connection, but I don't have any use for this feature anyway.If you are looking for a good, stationary IP camera that packs a lot of features into an inexpensive package, then this would be a great choice. I would definitely buy this again.