The Defender SN301 has a reasonably decent amount of functionality. It can support up to 8 cameras, can work in almost total darkness, supports motion detection and scheduled recording, and has enough access options both networked and mobile.Unfortunately, when compared to the Samsung VKKF007NUS SDE-4002 8 Channel DVR 1 TB HDD 4 Box Camera and 4 Dome Camera, it is an exercise in frustration.1. Setup.Before you begin using this unit, you MUST read the accompanying yellow leaflet. Otherwise, you have to deal with an incessantly beeping and unresponsive unit. I missed it initially, and was literally up the wall trying to figure out what was going on.The reason for this inane behavior? When a monitor is connected via the VGA port, the SN301 boots up in a mode that disables all front panel buttons, the mouse, and the remote (except for its 0 button which is used to change the mode). Without any visual indication!And all the while you are figuring this out, the unit will beep continuously as each camera's motion detection is triggered.Seriously?2. User InterfaceThe SDE-4002's DVR user interface is clean and bright, and you can literally navigate it sitting across the room, using just the remote. The SN301, on the other hand, with its smaller fonts and screen choices, demands the use of a mouse. Even worse, its firmware does not make for smooth mouse motion - so you're constantly fighting the mouse as you navigate the screens.And, it redefines common user interface idioms. E.g., a right click is the same as backing out of a screen. And clicking the Exit button on a screen (even after you have made changes), will take you back without prompting you to save the changes made.3. Remote ControlLike the SDE-4002, the SN301 lets you use the remote to type on a virtual keyboard. However, by another design blunder, you cannot tab from one field to the next with the remote. So, you're forced to crouch in front of the DVR/monitor fiddling with the mouse.The SDE-4002's remote is an order of magnitude more powerful than what you get with the SN301.4. Design integrityAs another reviewer stated, this unit feels like its been cobbled together from various manufacturers. Unlike the SDE-4002 which oozed elegance, there is no unifying design theme with any aspect of this system.For instance, with the SDE-4002, a single Cat 5 connects each camera to the DVR.With the SN301, the camera connection needs an entire diagram with about 5 steps to explain! There is a power supply, a splitter, a custom cable, a video jack that connects to a BNC connector, and a power jack that connects to the splitter. Phew!5. Coaching iMenuAnd what about the much advertised Coaching iMenu? That is nothing more than a single phrase of text next to a bubble. And there are no help screens! By contrast, even the SDE-4002's iPad app (iPolis) has better associated help.While the SN301 had about the same functional capabilities as the SDE-4002, I was constantly battling it to get it to do what I wanted. Instead, I much preferred the polish, shine, and friendliness of the Samsung Techwin's SDE-4002.Happy Monitoring!