I have had this monitor since 2011 and until 2014, I only used it with one camera.  I have always strongly recommended this monitor to friends but I have recently learned a few things since I added a second camera that I think are worth knowing in advance, things that you can't find out through the typical product descriptions...1) each camera will only link to one parent monitor.  It is pretty clear that you can add cameras to the unit, but it was not clear that you cannot add parent units to the system.  When I had a baby in 2014 I wanted to support two parent units (one for upstairs and one downstairs) so I wouldn't have to carry the monitor around with me so much.  It isn't possible.  if you link a camera to a parent unit, it automatically removes it from the other parent unit.  This is stated in the user manual but I didn't read that before trying... after some frustration about this I resorted to the fact that this is a good thing - it means as long as I can see my kids on my monitor, no one else can (I have the DECT version, not the wi-fi).2) after about 2 years with the original battery, the battery life was noticeably shorter.  It would run out soon after unplugging. this is an easy fix - I bought a new battery specifically for this monitor on Amazon for about $12.  The new battery is doing great.3) to switch between cameras you have the option of locking in on one room or scanning between rooms automatically every few seconds.  it doesn't automatically switch to a room if it picks up noise and it doens't stick to the room where noise is coming from.  so, if one kid is crying, and then it's silent and then they're crying again, it's not that they've stopped crying, but that the camera moved to a different room and the kid in the other room isn't crying.  this took my sleep-deprived mommy brain awhile to adjust to since I would think "silence, ok, I can go back to sleep".  I have learned to listen to the house sounds in this situation or get up and lock the monitor in on the baby's room if I'm not sure if the baby is just 'fussing' and will settle down or if the baby is really crying.4) I had no problems getting a signal b/w an upstairs room on the opposite side of the house and the master bedroom on the lower level, but tons of trouble getting a signal between the baby's and master bedroom, both on the first level and maybe 30 feet away from each other.  I was infuriated about this when I lost signal in the middle of the night and the horrible lost signal beep woke me up.  The next day I remembered there is an antenna on the back of the parent unit, raised this and once again had full signal for the lower bedroom.  I can take the parent unit anywhere again (as long as this antenna is up).5) I've had the parent unit and one of the cameras for almost 3 years (June 2013 to April 2014 today) and have had no problem with the clarity of picture or function of the features.  As I said, I've only had to replace the battery, but I don't see that as a surprise or a big deal.6) my favorite feature is the temperature.  Not many monitors offer this feature and I find it reassuring.  I think my gauge is a little off, but I don't expect it to be perfect.  It's within an acceptable range.The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that I wish it picked up and switched views based on sound and I wish it allowed for more than one parent unit to see a single camera.