I've been in IT since the early 80's.  I build networks, so wireless isn't anything intimidating for me.  I thought, based on some reviews here, that I'd have this up and running quickly and easily.  And I was wrong.  VERY wrong.First I tried to do it wirelessly, since that's what I bought the wireless version for.  Another reviewer had issues with an Apple Airport Extreme, but I thought I'd try it anyway.  And no matter how I set it, what encryption or lack thereof, what mode (802.11 a, b, g, n), the setup program just gave the red error that it could not configure the network.  Alright, someone else had problems with Apple, so I pulled out some of my older units I've had in the past.  Started with a simple Linksys 802.11g unit.  Same problem.  Pulled out a 3com wireless router, 802.11g, same thing.  Set for 802.11b, same thing.  Pulled out a Netgear 802.11 b/g unit.  Same thing.  No matter what I tried, it failed setup with their automated process.  Found a different program on the CD that just lets you get at the hardware without setting up the online stuff, so tried that - same thing.  Tried setting things static as opposed to DHCP, same fail.  So I left it wired, and got it on the network that way.  Then I hit the built in admin webpage on the unit itself, set up the wireless on all the units one at a time again, same thing.  So I figured I'll at least see how it works wired.I have a static IP, and opened the ports I set the unit on through the firewall.  From the program or the built in webpage, I could see the output fine, but as others have said the audio was horrible.  Loud hissing even when things were dead silent and there was no noise it was picking up.  Video, while not great quality, at least impressed me with how high the viewing framerate was.  This is my third unit I'm trying, after having problems with the Logitech unit, and the dropcam.  The others weren't as smooth with the video display, just higher quality.  And the night viewing worked pretty well also for the testing I did in my house at night, all lights off.  "Lit up" a surprising amount.  So I could watch it locally, time to set it up for the mydlink website and my iPhone.Got the account created fine, but even though the unit was working locally on my network, and even though I could access it directly via IP from outside my network, it took me almost an hour to beat it into submission to join itself to the dlink webservers.  But through their servers, it NEVER showed anything but a black box.  I could still access the video from outside the network directly with a web browser (and was nice that it supports both ActiveX and Java, so worked on both my macs and my PC's) but it never worked through their system.Then I tried the iPhone app.  Again, fail.  Got that set up to use my Dlink account, logged in fine, listed my camera fine, but nothing ever got through video-wise.  Just timed out.Tried to contact Dlink support, no replies.  Even posted on their beta support forums, nothing even from other users in the peer support forums.So it was boxed up and returned.  All told, about 10 hours I spent trying to get this to operate, and while I could get it to operate in a limited, wired, web browser only access mode, nothing else ever functioned right.