A video monitor is a MUST have for me. We first tried a sound only monitor which worked very well and we were really happy with it (Philips AVENT DECT Baby Monitor with Temperature Sensor and New Eco Mode), but we decided that a video monitor was a must, especially once he started rolling around. The picture is crystal clear, especially in night vision mode. We've had NO issues with feedback, static, etc (and we have a very extensive wireless network with multiple devices at home). It has a talk back feature which I've found useless so far (but could be handy when he's older - my son is 5 months), can play lullabies remotely (which just aggravates my son, but might work for other babies), and can zoom in and pan and scan, which is awesome!A few of the other reviews complain that the camera view is too close - I have NOT found that to be the case. We have the camera on a shelf maybe one foot past the end of the crib and a few feet above it. Can't see the entire crib, but that's what the pan/scan feature is for! If he moves farther down the crib we just move the camera. To break it down:PROS:-Crystal clear picture, excellent night vision mode. Definitely gives me peace of mind when my son started sleeping face down, and I didn't have to risk waking him up by checking on him. The picture quality is so good that sometimes I can actually SEE him breathing (without zooming in).-Excellent sound quality.-DEFINITELY WORTH IT to spend more and get the pan/scan and zoom in feature.-No static or interference issues.-Can expand to up to 4 cameras! Great for multiple rooms/children.CONS:-No "mute" feature. Not cool. The lowest setting is ear splitting at night. Definitely the most ANNOYING thing about this monitor.- THE BIGGEST CON: Battery life. Not very long. Maybe 3-4 hours, with the video off most of the time, 2 or less with video on. You have to move the a/c adapter with you everywhere, and so far I haven't found a way to buy extra a/c adapters. Very BIG CON since we have a two story house and my husband and I take turns getting up with him at night. We have to move the a/c adapter between our upstairs loft tv area, downstairs family room, and my side of the bed and my husband's side of the bed. It is EXTREMELY ANNOYING.-Nothing to clip the parents unit onto your pants or something as you move around the house. I have put the parent unit in my pocket, the buttons get easily pressed, and accidentally moved the camera to face the wall.-Can't adjust the sensitivity of the microphone, as I could with the Philips model.**EDIT 04/18/13**We've been using this monitor for over a year now, and still completely love it! We just had another child, and we got a camera to put in her room as well. The worst thing about this monitor is still the lack of battery life. After almost a year of use, the battery life on the monitor is pretty much nonexistent. Even with the video off, it lasts less than an hour, so it pretty much always has to be plugged in. Motorola doesn't make extra a/c adapters (that I've found), but a friend had two that she wasn't using anymore, so now we have one downstairs, one upstairs, and one in our bedroom. If we didn't have those extra ones, I think we would go insane moving the a/c adapter all over the house all day long.