Set up:This camera has a default IP address of 192.168.1.108 and does not use DHCP by default. It also provides no clear indication that the device is powered on (rather than some clicking and brief flashing of IR LED's), which made identifying a bad ethernet cable a big time drain. I am a mac user, so I simply put something on the same subnet to access the camera. You are better off doing this anyway, as the included CD is a mini-CD (does not work in any modern drive worth speaking of) and is a maze of vaguely named compressed files.Once configured for your network, just hop on its web interface (login and password are both "admin"), and configure the camera this way. There is even a plug in for Mac OSX Safari, which is great.For those people on dynamic IP addresses (most of us), it also has built in support for various dynamic ip services. All of them appear to be pay only, but this would be good for folks with vacation properties or residences who want to run stand alone camera systems without any extra computers/equipment.One big important thing to note: *No power source is in box*. You can grab just about any old 12V wall wart with a barrel plug and plug it into the split out power connection, but I can't see this being very practical unless you are wanting to splice in some DC wiring in parallel. Instead, the Power over Ethernet (PoE) option is probably your best bet. Pick up an 802.3af injector or a PoE switch and you will be just fine.Camera quality (Day):While I am not an expert on low end security cameras, I can tell you that you will not be disappointed. It just might be the top performing camera in this price range. For day time use, it has great color, very clear resolution, and dynamic range. I can make out the sky and shadowed areas on the ground, without anything washing out. It is a great 1.3MP camera.Camera quality (Night):Okay, wow. Not only did these LEDs light up my entire backyard (about an 1/8 of an acre area), but i could see rain drops when it was raining, bugs flying around at night, airplanes at cruise in the distant sky, and *STARLIGHT*. While not 100% noise free, it was nothing overpowering and enough to get some great resolution to where you could probably read a license plate in pitch black.Events:The camera supports motion events. You get 4 event categories, and each one has its own areas configured on the camera. This way you can reduce sensitivity on moving trees, increase sensitivity in an area that typically has no motion, etc.Events can send emails, however, it does not appear to send attachments with these emails. The event video can be configured to upload onto an FTP server though. I turned on the FTP service on my always-on mac in the house, and it uploads files on each event trigger. Unfortunately, the video format is in .dav and I have not figured out a way to open this just yet.There is also the ability to configure timed events and recording, and perhaps one of these could be configured as a webcam that automatically uploads an image somewhere on the internet. Although you may need some creativity to set one up.Integration:It appears that this integrates well with DVR software and hardware, however, I do not have such a setup.Neat trick for free mobile viewing:This camera allows connections via RTSP (RTSP://), which works great with free programs like VLC (also a free download on iPhone). I liked it better than viewing it in the browser. Simply connect using the following sample URL, change the IP address and username/password of course: rtsp://admin:admin@192.168.1.108/