In short:Pros:-Monitoring Services Available but not required-System Can Work without Monitoring as Stand Alone (like a car alarm)-No Monitoring/Service Contract-Several Economical Options for Monitoring Services-Wireless, Nearly Effortless DIY Set Up-Screw Less, 3M Command Strip Mounting-You Own the Equipment-Great Customer ServiceCons:-Since you own the equipment, there is a not-insignificant upfront cost to purchase it-No integrated video surveillance (yet)-Apps for Android and Apple are glitchy-No home automation capability (i.e. control thermostat, lights, etc.)I really didn't want to be stuck with a monitoring/service contract for a home security system, so I had settled on purchasing and installing a system myself and skipping the monitoring service by just using a system stand alone (like a car alarm basically.)  The trouble I was running into was that most if not all security systems that are sophisticated enough to offer a single point of control (keypad) for many different types of sensors (entry, motion, glass break, etc.) are made purposefully difficult to program as to scare off DIYers like myself from attempting the job and keep the licensed installers in business.  Then I heard about SimpliSafe on the Glenn Beck Radio program and then later the same day on The Dave Ramsey Radio program and looked it up.  SimpliSafe offers a wide assortment of wireless sensors, a single point of control and no contract is required.  They pre-program the system for you prior to shipment so all you have to do is activate the batteries on each sensor and place.  They even include 3M Command strips so you can easily remove/relocate sensors without damaging your walls.There are three monitoring plans with no contract required, starting at $15/month for basic monitoring up to $25/month for full remote control via mobile devices (costs as of the time of this writing.)  I really like that there is no contract.  I can downgrade/cancel my monitoring at any time and the system will still work stand alone (like a car alarm for your house.)  I doubt I ever will because the rates are very affordable and I like knowing the police (fire department in the case of the smoke alarm) will show up if needed, but I find comfort in knowing I have the option and am not stuck.  With some other alarm companies, they retain ownership of the equipment so if you stop monitoring services they will come by to collect their equipment even after the term of the contract is up.I was always weary of "free equipment, free install, one day and one day only" so called deals for greasy door to door salesman, because I know there is no such thing as free lunch.  They make their money back on monthly fees over the 2 year contracts that they lock you into.  I also don't like having to schedule a time to be home to meet the installer, let alone having a stranger in my house at all.  I just find it very convenient to be able to do it myself and if I have any problems, be able to just email or if I prefer, call an english speaking customer service agent.SimpliSafe, with no contract, easy set up and a complete system was the perfect solution for me.