This Loftek CXS 2200 camera has some good functions others don't offer, such as the ability to manually control the cameras movement. Should you see something you want a more centered view of you can just use the on-screen controls in the software to move the camera to just about any angle. Up and down, left and right, this camera has has a huge viewing area. You can also set the camera to pan back and forth on it's own, or just set it to one spot and leave it there.Both the daytime and nighttime clarity of the video feed from the CXS 2200 is very good for a camera in this price-rang. Night viewing is extremely clear and picks up a remarkable amount of detail. The camera itself is decent in size and comes with it's own hardware for mounting it on a wall or another other similar area. You know when the camera is powered up and broadcasting when a green LED light on the front is blinking very quickly. That is something to keep in mind as well, if you're buying this camera with the intention of having it subtly tucked somewhere, not trying to draw attention to it. With the flashing green LED light, it's easy to spot. So you may want to put a small piece of duct-tape or a sticker over it if you don't want the flashing light drawing people's attention.The software is where things can be a little tricky with this camera. Some working knowledge of how your home network works is necessary to be certain you get to enjoy the full use of your IP camera. The software is not necessarily as basic as what some people are use to when setting up a new router in their home. There's a process of working with IP addresses and in addition, you will likely need to log into your home's wireless router and change some of the settings there. Your camera will need access to a port with port-forwarding, and this can be especially tricky for anyone who is not at all familiar with working within their router. However there are some really helpful videos on YouTube for each of the Loftek cameras to help guide you through this process. One way to know if an IP camera is something you can tackle is by going to check out the instruction videos first. Watch the steps and see if you are comfortable with the process of setting the camera up on your home network.One final thing I found was that my installation disk didn't work. I noticed a few others mentioned this as well. It could be that the disk works on some versions of Windows better than others. However you can still get all the software you need from the Loftek website. I downloaded everything I needed from there and was able to get the camera up and running with out too much hassle. I recommend this camera for those who are comfortable with working within your home wireless network and are looking for a camera with very nice video quality, with some great additional features like alerts and the ability to pan your camera. A product sample was provided for and unbiased review of the item.