My wife and I have a brand new baby on the way.  My portion of getting the baby's room ready was to take care of the tech side of things.  My first task was to get our baby monitor situation squared away.  After looking at our choices I decided that an actual security camera was the best decision rather than a branded baby monitor.  Why? Many baby monitors can be tapped because their broadcasts are unencrypted. Their video systems only connect to a single handheld device with a puny 2 inch screen. Most baby monitor cameras are fixed, and can only see in a single direction.  Monitoring systems branded as baby cameras cost well over $100 once you start to include any decent features.Enter the Foscam FI8918W.  The microphone is GREAT.  I would strongly recommend adding a cheap external speaker if you need that function.  The built in speaker doesn't work well, but adding a cheap $5 speaker works wonders.  Unlike dedicated baby monitor systems you can watch from anywhere in the world by attaching your camera to your wireless network at home. I admit that setting it up takes moderate understanding of your home network. If you are an absolute beginner at such things I doubt that you'd be able to do it with ease, but a geeky friend should be able to do it in a few minutes. When you are done your camera system will have an ID & password secure web address. Not only that but you can pan and tilt to look all around the room remotely.To make things even better you can buy an app for BOTH iOS and Android called "IP Camera Viewer" by Robert Chou (on iTunes the developer name is NibblesnBits). The app is only a few dollars on both iOS and Android. My wife has an iPad and iPhone which are Apple iOS devices. I have a Motorola Xoom and HTC Thunderbolt (Android devices).  I can view our baby cam and listen in remotely on all devices using the app which gives me a nice big image to watch the baby with,.  Not only that, I also have the ability to fully control the camera motions.The build quality is great on this camera.  The black camera that I have is covered in a rubberized, soft touch shell.  The camera also delivers a GREAT night image in a totally dark room using it's IR system.The instructions aren't in perfect english but are clear enough that I was able to get it all done.  I would rate my technical skills in the high-moderate range and I was able to get it set up.  I did it all in just over an hour and a half from opening the box, to connecting it to my home wifi network (encrypted), to gaining internet access, and finally connecting all apps on all mobile devices.  I learned a lot about my home network setup in the process, and never felt absolutely stumped.  I did have to pause a few times and troubleshoot (hit and miss) to get it right. Even if you aren't TOTALLY confident in your skills I honestly think the average person can get it up and running. Don't be shy.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS SYSTEM.I'll try to include images of it in action.  I hope this write up helps you!