I have a 2500 sq foot (one story) house and I wanted a video monitor that I could carry around to any room (or down to the mailbox) and not lose signal.  I've had various audio baby monitors, which I liked, but they always crackled way too much, and obviously I couldn't see what my daughter was doing.  I did a lot of research before buying a video monitor because I heard awful things about other video monitors losing signals within a few yards of the camera, so I was pleasantly surprised when I got this one set up that I did not have any audio crackling problems or issues with losing the video signal.I don't really use the picture capture feature and I haven't called customer service yet, so I can't speak about those things, but what I can say is that what this monitor is really supposed to do, it does it well.  I love that the monitor is small and wireless (about the size of an ipod), and having the two-way audio will be nice if I need to use it as an intercom when my daughter gets older.The only thing I would change is, while it's nice that the camera is able to bend and move in almost any direction, it's not easy to position the camera in a useful position without mounting it using the screw mount on the back.  Once we solved this problem, though, by mounting it to the side of the crib and pointing down slightly, we have had no further issues with any part of the monitor.The battery life doesn't last forever, but it does last pretty long, depending what power saver setting you have the screen on.  I also like that I can have the audio monitor on all night and then just click on the video screen when I want to check on her.  The volume settings are appropriate, and, as long as you plug the monitor into the dock at night (exactly like charging an ipod shuffle), you won't have a problem with the battery.Overall, 8.5/10... if it broke tomorrow, I'd buy another one right away.UPDATE:  Okay so about a month ago, the power cord for the camera broke (probably my daughter's doing) and I was, sadly, without a video monitor for a few weeks.  I called Lorex and, after being on hold for a while, I got a guy (who was in Canada and spoke perfect English) on the line who told me the product had a one year warranty and if I would fax him a copy of my proof of purchase and a brief description of what exactly I needed, he'd send out a new cord right away.  I faxed it at the end of the day on a Friday and then called back on Tuesday to make sure they got the fax.  After a much shorter hold time, I got a different guy who looked up my account and said the cord was already in the mail and would be there in about 7-10 business days.  It came about 6 business days later, however the cord did not work.  I think, when the first cord broke, a little piece of metal got stuck in the camera preventing the camera from working.  I was going crazy without having the video monitor (my two-year-old just discovered getting out of bed 10 times a night), so I bought a new camera from Amazon at my own expense, figuring when I warranty the old camera, I'll just have two.  The new camera paired with the old monitor very easily and worked perfectly.Overall, I'm pretty impressed with Lorex's customer service, particularly in light of all the negatives said about them on Amazon.  I wish they would have express-shipped the cord to me so I didn't have to wait as long, but they still got it to me within their timeframe.  I'm still very happy with this product!