This product works well, if you do these things....1. Use the wired connection to configure it if you intend to use it via wireless. Very simple to configure if you have basic skills adding things to your Wireless Network, or can read a manual and guess.2. The built-in web admin page is nearly useless , download Mozilla to configure this cam, skip Internet Explorer, it isn't worth the hassle to bypass the IE security since their Active-x object is unsigned.3. If you have a Synology, you need to choose the Foscam 8910W camera (works great), Agasio is NOT a Mfr. in their list. works great with Surveillance Station/DS Cam4. If you use Android, you will need to get "IP Camviewer Basic" (unless you have Synology), free from the store.5. If you use Apple devices, you will want "Livecams Pro" from the store (unless you have Synology), this is $1.99 (this product actually does multi-cam view and will take you to cameras all over the globe, bonus!)The above was discovered by fiddling and calling support, nothing in the manual will help you with this important info... which makes no sense at all.  It comes with software that finds the camera on your network, and launches you to the awful admin page.The night vision inside was way cool, outside you do have the halo effect mentioned in other reviews, unless the IR can bounce off of something like your house. This produces an outstanding image at night. Out in the open yard, halo, but you still get great picture in the center and you can see clearly out to 35 feet or so. If you could bounce the IR, it might do better at greater distance (I can't test that). For this price, you have no right to expect the image in daylight to be better than it is, excellent price/performance in my opinion. The P/T works properly, but the device randomly resets itself to "home posistion" overnight, no way to change home in the interface and telling it not to in the interface does not stop it. The housing is metal, and seems to be very sturdy. This device uses a wall wart power supply and has an ethernet jack on the power cord that is not small, which presents a problem in the average exterior plug box. I had to get a double gang all weather box and extension cord, the power cord isn't very long, you might want to buy these with the camera.Overall, for the price, the housing is great, the day and night images are great, the tech support was good, called back with correct answers (my request) within an hour I think.  The manual, included software, and the web interface are terrible, the halo thing is dumb but does not bother me.  This cam was easy for me to configure, but it wasn't my first rodeo.  I have a Panasonic BL-C230 PTZ, the 2 products are not equal (nor are the prices or the overall spit and polish).  I have yet to configure the triggers/alarms, but will update this if they do not work.If you think all those reviews with 5 stars are not from the company trying to boost the ratings, you might be too easily impressed by reviews. I would just say that I have no idea what the support guys name was, and cannot imagine why I would care, he got me answers though. I am a technology geek and I don't like crappy electronics.  This is not a "5 Star" product, but neither does it have a "5 Star" price and I will be keeping it... If you need a hammer, don't go buy a screwdriver.