I got the two monitor version of this as I am expecting a second child soon. My first child is 11 and autistic. He just recently had surgery on both legs and we needed to be able to see and hear him as well as talk to him. This product is great. The VOX setting ranges from sensitive to only registering loader yells. It worked well when he came back from the hospital because we had it set so low that we could ear him if he turned over in his sleep. Since he has a tendency to sleep walk, which would be disastrous for his feet, this was very helpful. We were able to catch him twice right before he got out of bed. Now we have a guard rail up so we have the setting set higher so it doesn't turn on every time he moves. We have the second camera hooked up and it scans well between the two rooms, but we haven't yet used it to monitor two kids so I will need to update this when the second arrives. I am wondering how the VOX will work with two monitors if you need different sensitivity levels.Pros: good range so far as we have one room in the basement and other monitors have had issues. Haven't had any interference or rnage problems. Haven't yet tried it to see if it works outside since it is still winter. VOX. I love this function. My son has a fan that goes all night and wears a CPap machine and this twill works great on the second of five sensitivity levels. The color and night picture are really good quality and everything I would expect for a night vision camera. Some people have left reviews saying that they couldnt hear when the receiver was out of the charger because you have to sit it with the speaker on the table. My version has a little ridge that allows the sound to be heard even if it is on the table. I see no difference in the sound laying onn the table versus in the charger.  Set up with the two cameras was easy as they were already linked together before we got them. You just  have to charge them for eight hours and then they are ready to go.Cons:  the volume control isn't the greatest and it can be hard to hear exactly what my son is saying. Even when my husband speaks it is sometimes hard to hear. We had it originally about 7 feet from the bed and we couldn't hear him talk. We could only hear that he was eier talking or yelling. It might be just fine with an infant since you dont have to hear what they are saying. Even now it is only one to two feet away and it is difficult to understand him. One of the cameras has a constant ringing noise that is annoying. I am going to call Lorex and see if they have a solution or if they can send a new one. It isn't so bad if you have it only come n when there is a noise, but if I had to listen to it all the time it would drive me crazy. I tried shutting off all background noise and it was still there. The other camera doesn't have this problem and I haven't tried to switch rooms yet to see if it is due to interference.I would highly recommend this product to anyone who needs to monitor two children and even talk to older children. The few cons are more than outweighed by the rest of the product.