Not ready for prime time - works fine on my local network but I can't see it from the internet (dealbreaker!).A very good deal for the price, but you MUST read (and maybe print out) the review-"Good camera for the price.By MARK H. on April 6, 2014"The camera comes with an instruction booklet all in Chinese, the box is labeled inChinese, and there is no included software (and none is really needed).  WithMark's information it wasn't hard to get the camera working.  I did try using the######.kaicong.info DDNS site to see the camera over the internet and it works forme.  I've also used the browser on my android tablet and Kaicong's android app.But I have not been able to see the camera video over the internet, only while onmy local home network.  I have done extensive testing and troubleshooting, but novideo over the web, even though I have used 3 different port testers to ensure thatthe required port 81 is open in my router.I tried the Foscam MJPEG client 1.4.14 software but it does not work with thiscamera.Don't actually try to go to 123456.kaicong.info!  You MUST change the 123456 to thesix digit number on the sticker on the box and on the bottom of the camera.The info for/about the camera says "upgrade firmware will be published regularly inKaiCong official forum, all free" - but that site is all in chinese and doesn'toffer any other languages.  Google's Chrome browser translates some sites for me,but not a bit of this one.  So I doubt there will be any firmware upgrades.I have had a few times in the first couple of days when the camera stoppedresponding (on the wifi network) and rebooted itself.  And a few where it stoppedresponding and I might not have waited long enough and cycled its power to rebootit.  Since then it seems to have been OK.In the process of working on port forwarding and setting a DMZ in my router, Irestarted the router.  So it got a new WAN (external) IP address.  And now thecamera is having trouble connecting to its DDNS server.  So now using the"######.kaicong.info" address routes to my old external IP address and fails toconnect to my camera.  I have rebooted the camera a few times, but I'll try itagain just in case.Nobody else so far has mentioned that there is a focusing adjustment ring aroundthe lens.  I read about that in a review of another camera and checked mine.  Itdoes have a focus adjustment.The less expensive models like this have no IR-cut filter and colors are notaccurate.  In particular, green shows up as purple or brown.  But the camera doesgive a good picture even in very low light, well before sunrise or after sunset.The sensitivity and poor color may not matter much because it's intended for indooruse anyway, to be able to monitor even a dark room.For the price, I would definitely recommend the camera - with the warning that itdoesn't come with any information (in English) to set it up, and only if you don'tneed to see it over the internet..  Other reviewers mentioned receiving someinstructions emailed from Kaicong, but I did not.I sent it back.