Wow!  I think the previous reviewers really missed out on a great opportunity!  How sad!This is the first consumer grade security unit that I have worked with that works perfectly networking wise!  Yes, the manuals are a bit short on router setup for the novice user.  Truth is, once port forwarding is setup for RTSP and HTTP Ports, about 10 minutes work, this unit works perfectly!  Very simple and straight forward setup!  What was wrong for the other reviewers???Works very well even with other DDNS Services besides Samsung's own iPolis service.  I am using an ASUS router and their own free www.asuscomm.com DDNS service for example.  Lorex and Swann should be terribly ashamed.Very impressive setup Samsung!  Wide angle cameras!  Great night vision, about 50 feet!  Great camera brightness, contrast and color control and adjustment!  Easy menu control [ using a mouse ] - good security!  Great overall performance!WOW!  At long last - 'audio' is available on the iPhone and iPad viewer [ using other cameras of course ] with the iPolis Mobile application.  10 Stars!  Note: The supplied cameras don't have audio!  If only these cameras had audio / microphones - even just half of them - this package would be perfect!We can now use the iPad / iPhone / iPolis Mobile viewer 'with audio' when setting out back, in the shop, office, remote location, using WiFi around the house / DDNS while traveling - to 'hear and see' the selected / Favorite camera!  Absolutely perfect Puppy and Baby Camera(s)!!!Also, the HDMI and VGA outputs can be used simultaneously.  Watch out for the display resolution limitations!  It is really nice to have a local monitor and a distant monitor attached simultaneously!  I am using a Cat-5 HDMI Tx/Rx Hub for a distant display.The DVR is not controllable/programmable from Safari using the Silverlight garbage!  Latest update breaks the Viewer!  So typical of Microsoft!  So ... for Apple OS-X / Safari - browser viewer only when/if Silverlight plugin works!  Don't do Updates!  If it is not broken - leave it alone!My only disappointment is that the email event sending cannot be controlled / throttled during nighttime hours.  When using outside camera installations the email event triggers will drive you crazy!  This system needs an event scheduler for email notifications!!!!  Daytime events are perfect!  Again, Lorex and Swann should be terribly ashamed.Finally, what is wrong with all of these security people???  Meaning, how hard could it be to provide commonly readable event backups of recorded events?  Samsung at least does a good job with their SEC package with a player embedded in the recording backup / archive.  Windows only!!!!  Desperately needs an Apple player - or - please - record the output in a usable format!Q-See - not worth mentioning!Lorex is useless!  Expensive!  Over heats!  Terrible cameras!  A terrible non-working networking experience!  Zero Support!  [ Notice how all the Costco display units are dead?  There is a good hint!  ]Swann - only 50% there!  Useless interface!  Useless/Non-existent Support!Samsung - Support? - I have no idea - it just works!Great Costco Price!  Great overall product performance - 98% there feature wise!