I've owned a number of IP cameras over the past several years, and use them for keeping an eye on the house when I'm away, making sure that the cat's feeder is working, making sure that the AC/Heat are operating properly, and making sure that the sump pump hasn't failed and the basement flooded.  But recently I decided that it would be nice to have a day/night camera, so I started looking at options.  I've traditionally used Linksys/Cisco or Dlink cameras, but based on the reviews on Amazon I decided to give this camera a try.  Based strictly on the price, I was a bit skeptical, but for $50 I decided that I didn't have that much to lose.GREAT decision!Pros:--The image quality is better than some more expensive cameras that I've owned.  Decent color reproduction during the day, and crisp black/white in the dark.--The pan/tilt is smooth, and has a very good range of motion.  It can point straight vertical, and can pan through about 300 degrees.  Down tilt is limited to only about 15 degrees below vertical, but  you can account for that with mounting angle.--The microphone actually works!  And works well.  You can clearly hear what's happening in the area surrounding the camera.--Compatible with IE, Firefox, Chrome, and all of my Android devices (phones and tablets).--Works great with IPCamViewer app on Android, including motion controls--Motion detection works well--Handles a wide range of lighting conditions with grace--Can interface with external lighting and alarms, although I've not done this.Cons:--As noted above, down tilt angle is somewhat limited, but can be accounted for with mounting--Motion capture, based on motion detection, is limited to still frames.  But when motion is detected it will grab 6 still frames and send them to either an FTP site or email address.  This is adequate for most purposes.--Documentation is lacking, and is badly translated from Chinese.  But if you have ever set up an IP camera, you'll have no trouble.--The web-based user interface is a bit spartan, and includes multiple misspellings and poorly translated text.  But this in no way detracts from the functionality or usability of the camera.--If I wanted to interface the camera to external lighting and alarms, I have no idea how I would go about doing it.  The camera comes with the necessary plugs, etc, but there is absolutely no documentation on how to go about the electrical part of the interface.  I'm sure that some Googling would solve the problem if I ever care about trying it.Setup is straightforward.  Basically you plug the camera into your wired network, run a utility that they supply on CD to find the camera, log in using the default admin account, set up your wireless network creds, your static or dynamic IP, add some accounts, and that's it.  Then unplug from the wired network, reboot the camera, and you are up.  If you want to view the camera from outside your home network, you just need to set up a forwarded port on your home router.  Again, if you have ever configured an IP camera, this is second nature stuff.  I didn't need to follow the poor instructions.Overall, a GREAT camera, especially for the price.  I'll probably purchase more of them to replace the older cameras over time.