I was hesitant buying this camera at first based on the first review posted here, but decided to give it a shot anyway and I am glad I did. I will not go over every feature this camera has, but only mention main features that I liked and didn't. I do own 3 other PTZ cameras (EDIMAX IC-7010PTn) which were about the same price as this one with similar set of features; however, they lacked in image quality and night vision capabilities, so my expectations for this camera were a bit higher.The Good: - Image quality is good, although not quite HD as you would expect, but images are sharp and you can see plenty of detail during daylight - F1.5 (or perhaps its F1.8) lens is making this camera very usable in the dusk setting without turning IRs. - In complete darkness IRs provide excellent amount of power. - Colors reproduction surprisingly very good. - Plenty of manual features to adjust the image if required - Excellent feature where you can quickly rotate camera to preferred positionThe OK: - Size of the unit was unexpectedly bigger then expected. It is larger then my other PTZ cameras, but it's not a big deal. - There is mobile page that you can view on your smartphone, but it's limited to VGA resolution and you can only control the camera movement. I had an issue where it wouldn't reflect changes in the brightness settings. - Wireless signal seems to be weak, I will see what I can do to improve. Camera sits right next to a Asus rt-N56u router  and shows only 56% signal strenth. - Slow to initialize camera, probably due to ActiveX. It could take between 5-10 seconds depending on your picture settings before you can see anything. - Clunky user interface, but could be updated over time - Microphone is on the weak side, but you can plugin external one if needed.The Not So Good: - Some firmware Bugs as expected in initial product release. - Wireless configuration does not work in the web interface. There are configuration options available, but they are limited to SSID & Keyphrase, you can't select type of encryption. You have to configure it using provided disk. - Live view web UI currently works in IE and it requires installation of ActiveX controls. In Chrome it gives you a message "VLC plugin is not detected" and prompts you to go videolan.org website. I downloaded 2.x vlc player and I see the plugin is being shown in Chrome browser, but it still doesn't work. Zyxel reported they are working on to support latest vlc plugin. - Camera occasionally becomes unresponsive and you have to unplug the power source to reset it, possible due to using wireless and when running high quality HD resolution. - If you switch to Motion Adaptive 720p (HD mode) your viewing angle becomes narrow and the picture is not wide format. Even if you toggle to full screen the resolution still appears SXGA and not 720p. There should be an option to switch it to wide format, but I did not find before I returned the camera. - Camera resets video settings to default (specifically 1 & 2 Stream video settings and from Turbo Picture to Motion Adaptive). It could happen if you unplug from the power source or after sometime for no reason. As reported this was due to using iSecurity. - Tilt down is limited when the camera sits on a flat surface. Disappointed in this design limitation because I wanted to be able to point the camera down from the balcony on the second floor. The work around is it put something underneath the back of the camera. - I have not found if there is an option to embed a time stamp to show in the image. If it's not available it could be enabled with the firmware update. - Camera doesn't have a feature where you can have a hyperlink to a static jpg image. I use this feature in my other PTZ cameras, but it may not be important to everyone.EDIT: I've updated my review a bit and changed it to 4 stars. Apparently Zyxel is working to address a few issues and also explained how certain features are working.