This camera is functional, and I eventually got it to do maybe 60% of what I bought it for. But overall the software for all the systems I tried is pretty crappy and buggy; and the features I bought it for are nonexistent and/or very well hidden.I bought this camera for monitoring my pets, who apparently bark a lot when I'm not home. So naturally, I wanted a web camera that could record when triggered by sound, and preferably alert me remotely. In fact, I found this particular model by searching for something like "pet monitoring audio trigger", which led me to the "Pet Monitoring Solutions" page on Lorex's website. Although that page doesn't list the model number, the page behind the "view details" link on the bottom clearly lists the camera as LNC104.The "Pet Monitoring" page makes lots of appealing claims, including:"you can set the system to record automatically whenever your pet makes a sound with the audio trigger function"and"The SD compatible IP camera can store up to 16GB worth of footage" (and also mentions uploading said footage to social media sites)After fiddling with the camera and puzzling out the instructions for a few hours, I finally found an audio trigger function. However, bizarrely, it is only available on mobile devices, and only for triggering push notifications, not to start recording or send email alerts or any of the other kinds of alerts that are available for motion detection. Luckily for me, I was going to use it on my Android tablet, anyway. After another hour or so of deleting and re-adding the camera to the list (and watching it spontaneously change its own settings), I actually got the push notifications to work! on a local network. sometimes. with a delay of a few seconds. So if the dogs only bark once or twice, by the time I see the notification and "tune in", it'll be all over and I will get no information.OK, fine - so maybe I can just use the sound notification to alert me to events, and record using movement triggers, ont the 16GB of space the camera is supposed to have? Not so fast. This camera does not, in fact, have any built-in space. It does have a micro SD slot that can take up to a 32G card. So I guess now I have to find or by a microSD card. and then manually compare my sound-triggered observations with the timestamps on the motion-triggered recording. Yay.Other annoyances:-extremely unintuitive menu design; setting up recording schedules involves going to at least two separate menu "families", one to schedule the times in question and a separate one to say what you want to do during these times. The various trigger options are spread out in different, inconsistent menus, also depending on what it is you want to use the trigger for. "alarm" can either mean push notification or making the speakers("sold separately") attached to the camera itself make noise.-proprietary video format (?) the software for running the cameras comes with a separate player that you need to play the videos. the format is .sdb, and a quick googling does not show it as a widely used video format. I haven't looked into it too much though. This seems to preclude the advertised "uploading to social media"-inconsistencies between manual and software, for example: manual says that 1 is lowest and 10 is highest sensitivity; android software says the opposite. Still not sure which one is right - I ended up just setting it to 5.Conclusion:should have just downloaded the open-source iSpy softaware and used it with my webcam.