Considering the price on this unit I have to say this one stands out very nicely and operates just as it should. I purchased this to replace a Lorex system I had where the remote control was whacked out after a few weeks so this one is hands down much better.  If you think about this system for what it is you have to realize it's a pretty good deal for what it does.Two cameras and small monitor are just fine, for the price there are pretty darn good deal.  As far as Tech Support, that doesn't sway me one way or the other, these days "NO ONE" has any tech support worth the powder to blow them out of the water anyway so you cannot rely on them or what they pretend to know. Today if you don't know it yourself you simply should not buy it. Tech support is generally some people hired off the street with manuals divided into Branch Type problem solving, "Problem "A" = Turn To This Page --- Problem "B" = Turn To The Other Page, that's it, a pre-printed problem solving manual with no technical savvy behind it.None of them have true technical knowledge, you can't single out Uniden, they are all the same way - crude. I had one exception for a garage door opener provided by Buick (Home-Link) I think was there name, the Tech Support people for HomeLink Tech Support actually knew the product and had the answers (thank you Buick & HomeLink) but they were an exception. * When I bought this my thinking was as follows:(1) STAND ALONE UNIT not tying up my computer - I have too much connected to the computers as it is, this system does not need a computer to operate, thank God for that. Leave my computer alone already and let me use it for other things.(2) SIMPLE OPERATION, it works easily and does not have to be routed through several systems before I can get an image of someone at my door. My wife hates to learn a million new techno pages every time something comes out, cell phones, programmable refrigerator - washers - coffee makers - entertainment systems - i-Tunes (changes every week) - printers - answering machine - copiers - gee wiz man it doesn't end does it, a new techno manual for everything. It was nice to see a straight forward setup easy to use which my wife (or me) can operate without being frustrated for an hour.I am pretty tech savvy and I'm the Go To Guy in the neighborhood for any technical things so getting a break on this was nice to see.(3)  No Wires - (of course the cameras have power wires), nice to know I didn't have to drill and run wires all over the house for an afternoon and then listen to how to dam wires show here and there and blah-blah-blah...., this is a very Big Plus.For house security this is a good basic system that simply does the job, they have better technology coming out all the time but for what it is this is nice with some solid positive features. If you think it through before you tackle the setup it should go easy with little or no frustration.  I have been running mine for a over one year and it's been fine.The newer one they came out with has features I like a lot but I'll stick with this one for now, I could end up buying one every six months the way new technology goes.For under $300 you should not expect HDTV and Surround Sound but for the price this is tough to beat, it has operated just as they say and so far so good.Again - for the money you'll be hard pressed to find one better, maybe the Uniden UDS655 (hahaha, another very nice unit with nice options - maybe nicer - hehehe.... look at that one too.)I just installed the Uniden USD655 for a neighbor and that one is pretty darn nice, pretty darn nice indeed. Uniden UDS655 7-Inch Video Surveillance with 2 Outdoor Cameras and 4GB MicroSD CardYup this one is nice too - sure is.