I don't know how we lived without cameras in the past around the house. I had some backyard stuff stolen and a garage break-in where a 150cc scooter and an expensive ladder was also stolen. It infuriated me that I could not see who they were, how many etc... cops do nothing in these cases, but the insurance company paid me for the scooter which was great. so that was then. With 8 cameras it is just enough to hit every angle of our 2 family house and backyard. We have ours in the kitchen connected to a 19 inch monitor, for us it's the center of the house were there's always someone doing something, or you have to pass by it. I also set the DVR on the local network so all the computers or wireless laptops in the house can see all the cameras too anytime with a click. The software is decent, we just leave it always running on every computer in the background and either minimize it or maximize it to see what's going on around the house. It's nice to look out, see what the kids are doing, check what the dog is doing, if the cat wants to come into the house, who it's barking at, who's at the front or back door ringing that bell, see if the deliveryman already dropped off that package, if there's mail in the mailboxes, who's parked and where around the house. This Zmodo system is sufficient for a typical family, for me it is easy to operate, quality is OKAY, i have manually set the main recording bit rate to 2048Kbps and 512Kbps for the substream (the substream decides the quality and speed of the cameras viewed through the network) which is the highest you can go, however with the 500GB hard drive it can only store data for about 4 days and 4 nights at this quality, then it starts overwriting data of course. I will likely upgrade to a 2GB drive once this one dies given they aren't very expensive. The white cameras blend easily on our white house and garage. A few of the cables weren't long enough so I used 2-pair cat3 phone wire to splice and extend them, there's only 3 very thin wires inside these camera cables, so splice carefully and use solder to make good connections. No loss in quality whatsoever even on quite long runs. Took about two days to run wire and probably another hiding the wire, tucking everything in and patching up and caulking holes etc. It is also a good idea to untwist every camera's lens cover and apply a small amount of weatherproofing lubricant, such as lithium grease to the treads, that way you wont just rely on the small rubber gaskets inside these and they can easily unscrew later for cleaning and wont seize up. Once I was satisfied with all the camera positions I also put a little marine goop glue to the camera holder arms so they won't move in strong winds as those mounts can be a bit flimsy otherwise. Overall, satisfied, we've had these now for about 6 months installed and I would never live again without the convenience of cameras around my house