I bought this a while back when it was on Amazon's Lightning deals.  It really was a great deal.  4 cameras, 500GB HDD, network to the internet, notification email and the best part of all was that there were no monthly fees.  No brainer right?  Especially since I just moved into my first townhouse.  The area I moved into is a quiet area but the town to the next of us isn't so friendly so I figured this would give me at least a deterrent from being a victim.  Got the cameras in classic quick amazon fashion and put the box in one of the rooms and mentally added it to my "honey do" list.Well, things got put off and a month goes by with me thinking that I'll just do it the next week.  Until I get home from work one day and find that someone broke into my house.  One of the hardest lessons I had to learn and just the feeling that someone went though my house was enough for me to take the next few days off of work and secure my house.  Ironically, they didn't take the security camera system.My girlfriend and I installed the cameras with little to no problems.  With the help of an extension ladder and drill, we hardwired it in 4 hours.  We live in a two story townhouse and my thinking was to mount the cameras high, near the roof soffits.  Then wire it through a drilled out hole to the attic.  Finally having all the camera wires drop down into the 2nd floor master bedroom.  After everything was hooked up, we fired up the tv and we had the four camera screens online.  After a few tweaks to the position of each camera, we were satisfied.Networking to the router to let outside computers/phones access the cameras was a headache.  Their instruction sheet looked very simple.  I guess the part I got caught up on was the port forwarding.  Now I know how to port forward but I forgot that I had other things port forwarded on those ports they suggested using (a nas storage device for one).  After a few days figuring that out and trying to understand their workaround to dynamic ip address I was able to view in anywhere on my iphone.  The lag/refresh rate using my phone on a 3g connection is pretty impressive.  The resolution was "okay".  To this date, i'm still haven't got the motion email messaging alert to work correctly.  I'm guessing this is due to me using a hotmail email server as opposed to an isp ran email server.  Again, I just need to find the time and keep working at itHardware quality:The main unit is very simple.  No hdmi out so I had to use rca composite.  Remote leave alot to be desired but I just use a wireless logitech mouse instead.  It makes things a lot easier.  When I purchased, I was thinking that the wires wouldn't be long enough but surprisingly they were a lot longer than needed.  Loved that the cameras were metal and had some weight to them.  Hung them under the roof ledge so I don't know how water resistant they are.  I didn't like that the cord from the camera didn't go through the mounts.  That was the reason why i choose to mount them so high (roof level on a 2 story townhouse).  Was worried someone could just cut the wire.  Again, resolution isn't the best.  which is to be expected at this price point.  The night vision is really around 30ft.  Im a little worried on how clear faces would show up in a real burglary.  However they do make better cameras that you can purchase (ie ones with 90ft night vision). Camera's use a two wire hookup to main receiver (BNC connector and small 12volt power).  Motion sensitivity and area are adjustable.  HDD size is amazing and at this low resolution I can record more than a week nonstop .Overall I'm satisfied with this product at this price point (<$200).  Again, it's mainly a deterrent. If someone is in the same boat I was and now looking for an alarm system, I recommend Simplisafe.