It seems that there are a few other IP wireless pan and tilt cameras out there, which probably share the same guts as this Foscam.  I decided to purchase Foscam's version of this model based on the reviews.For the most part, I'm pleasantly content with the device, but there would be a few things I would add.  This device would be so much better if it had a micro disc slot added.  I also own an LTS LTCIP830MV-W IP camera, and I really enjoy the added SD feature, since I don't have an FTP or an HTTP site to load recordings in.  Which leads me to my other critique; I have not figured out how to record video on this device.Setting up locally is simple.  You have to plug the device into your router, using the LAN cable it came with.  Once the device has been picked up by your router, it will get a local IP address in which you will use to log in to the unit.  As of right now, your username is "admin" and there's no password.If you're going wireless, be sure the antenna is firmly attached.  You will need some patience with this unit.The first thing you want to do is log in to your unit.  Once you're there, go to the "wireless LAN Settings" section of the device, press "Scan" if nothing happens, press "Scan" again, and it will list a few networks.  Select  your network, and add all the encryption settings that match your router, then put your network password.  Once you do this, the camera resets itself for 30 seconds.  Once it starts up, you'll need to disconnect the power cable from the back of the camera, and then disconnect the LAN cable.  Wait about 30 seconds before reconnecting the power cable.  When you do that, you'll have to wait about another 30 seconds or so.  By this time, it's pretty certain that you've connected your camera wirelessly.  The local IP address will change.  You'll have to use that new one to access the camera.  Go to your router again to see the new IP address of your camera.Remote viewing on this camera is not as complicated if you know what to do.  You will more than likely need DDNS Service for your device, if you don't have a static IP.I get my service at dtdns(dot)com, where it's free.What I did for this is assign DDNS access on my router, that way I have a "locked" IP address to access the camera.Once you configure your router with dtdns access, you need to set the camera's local ip address for port forwarding on your router. Once you do that, you need to assign a port number for your camera.  For example, if your DDNS router IP is 192.192.192.1 the port number could be :8080, therefore to access your camera, the IP address would be 192.192.192.1:8080.Once the above is configured, you'll need to go into your camera locally, and go to the "Basic Network Settings" check "Obtain IP from DHCP Server" and put the Http Port you've assigned the device in your router (for example :8080) You'll know you did it right if you get a "cannot connect" page.  That means that your router's address is now the DDNS IP, (don't forget to add the port number at the end to access it).Setting up Mail Service on this device was easy if you have the right information. It also doesn't require a reboot like it often does with changing passwords or network settings.The best e-mail you can use is gmail.  I had assigned a hotmail account to e-mail forward alerts, and hotmail eventually sends you a "we need to confirm if you're human" e-mail and will stop your services after about 8 alerts.  Gmail has no problem with that.The settings for Mail Service is the following:Sender: name(at)gmail(dot)comReciever 1: receiver(at)gmail(dot)comSMTP Server: smtp.gmail.comSMTP Port:  465Transport Layer Security: TLSNeed Authentication: CheckedSMTP User: name(at)gmail(dot)comSMTP Password: passwordThen press submit and then press test to see if everything went well.You can also send yourself text messages, by simply finding out what the text message e-mail is for your service provider.  for example, AT&T;'s text message e-mail is yourcellnumber(at)txt(dot)att(dot)net. You won't get images, but you'll get alerts.My main problem with the device is that it reboots too often for minimal changes.  It takes the device 30 seconds for practically any change you do.  I am certain that I got a little spoiled with the LTS camera;  there's no booting necessary for any type of change for the LTS.I'm probably going to keep the device since it does have more pros than cons.  I just really wish recording was simpler than it tends to appear.  If I could merge the two cameras I have into one, it would be the perfect device.  This device is pretty close to what I'm looking for.  IT's about 80 percent to my standards.  There are things I don't like about the LTS camera as well, but it makes up for certain things just like the Foscam does.If you're looking for a baby monitor camera, I would highly recommend this device, even though it's not compatible with the Baby Monitor HD iPhone app.  It is definitely self efficient though, with e-mail alerts and even text messaging.  As you might have figured, I am using the Foscam as a baby monitor.  The LTS is being used for security.