* * ABOUT THE CAMERAS * *Biggest PLUSes for me are:** Low profile** Small size** very, very discreteCan hardly tell what it is from the end of the driveway (30 ft). And you don't notice them unless you're looking for them. I hang mine from the eaves that are about 7 feet up.At default settings, picture clarity and quality are excellent. Connected via CAT5, PoE resulting in strong signals--video frame rates is consistently near 30 frames per second. Easy to install. A snap to configure once you have the ActiveX Controls correctly installed. (More about this later.) Camera switches from day mode (color) to night mode (BW) without issue. Day mode has excellent color: brilliant color capture, detailed, accurate. Night mode captures details as far is the light source will reach which is about 15-20 ft. Beyond that it's hard to distinguish features.The lens on these cams can only be tilted up or down and can be slightly angled to either side.Field of view. In practical terms, near the camera (about 4 ft away) I can see nearly the full width of my driveway (3-car garage). At the end of the driveway (30ft), I can see about 100 ft of my 150 ft front yard.These units replaced a Logitech Alert 750e (NIGHT AND DAY DIFFERENCE in picture quality and now get full 30fps video). Used on Blue Iris system.* * ABOUT THEIR IMPLEMENTATION IN MY ENVIRONMENT * *I finally set mine up on a subnet after complaints from the rest of the family about bad internet connections and poor movie streaming. On occasion we had 6 streams of HD video hitting a 3 year old router: 3 from other internet connected devices and the 3 IP Cams.Bought 4 from 2 separate sellers. Manufacture dates 2013-05 (1X from CCTV-ONE), 2013-06 (3X from HD_Video_Depot). The side of the lens on the CCTV-ONE  unit clearly indicated that it was a 3.6mm lens (Model IP-DO3200C-3.6MM). Web server came set to English. Great resolution and performance from the get-go. The HD_Video_Depot units(Model IPC-HDB3200CN-0280B) had no lettering on the lens shell. The web server on these came set to Spanish. Out of these 3 units, 2 were defective--1 had slightly blurred pictures the other would randomly be show feed in hot pink or go unresponsive. From the router I can see that it's connected (IP address) but neither Blue Iris nor the IP Cam Config application can see it. The 3rd unit from HD_Video_Depot worked perfectly from the start. HD_Video_Depot had no issues with return of the defective units. Ordering a 5th one from CCTV-ONE.I'm not worried about lack of IR capability. Three 13 watt CFL lights each side of my 3-car garage clearly lit the driveway. (At last, finally found out who our newspaper delivery person is and what time the paper is delivered...he's getting a nice tip.) Two 13 watt bulbs on either side of front door clearly lit the entire porch. Also, I had already installed motion-activated flood lights prior to getting these cams.* * ABOUT SETTING UP THE CAMERAS * *These cameras come with DCHP enabled.ACTIVEX ISSUE and SOLUTIONOn 64-bit Windows you will need to MANUALLY REGISTER the ActiveX Controls in Windows registry. (I suspect that this may work, too, if you're encountering installation problems on 32-bit Windows.)The ActiveX Controls for the web interface will only work with 32-bit IE. (Tested on IE9 and IE10.) Not a problem if you're running 32-bit Windows. Problematic for 64-bit Windows.(1) On 64-bit Windows, the controls are placed in C:\Program Files\webrec\Torch. Copy the entire folder contents to C:\Program Files (x86)\webrec\Torch.(2) Manually unregister the components that were installed from C:\Program Files\webrec\Torch.Start > Search > cmd.exe (Run as administrator) > "cd" to the directory above then enter the command "regsvr32 /u filename.ocx" for each.(3) Register the components that were copied to C:\Program Files (x86)\webrec\Torch."cd" to the directory above. Enter the command "regsvr32 filename.ocx" for each in that folder.I got all of the ActiveX components (video features) to work by doing Step 3 twice. I suspect the registration order/sequence was significant for at least two components. Live video would not work in Overlay config feature until I did Step 3 once more. I didn't bother "getting to the bottom" of this since things are working fine now.MICRO SD MEMORY ISSUENone of the 3 units I have would recognize the Class 10 16GB SanDisk Ultra Micro SDHC card. Didn't matter if in NTFS or FAT32 format. This card worked fine on my PC. No problems from my Hero2 and other cameras.Had no problem with a Class 4, 2 GB Kingston Micro SDHC card (Not sure if FAT32 or NTFS).