Lots of clever ideas, but imo needs more work to flesh out implementation.Range is iffy in either of our houses, sometimes even 30 ft is too much. Somewhat frequent dropping off the network, but usually getting back on within a minute.Terrible pink ghosting in image with any brightish light from the lens (opposite from the center of the image from the light.  And reversed).What triggers sound alerts and doesn't is a bit flakey for me.  Sometimes a house creak will send an alert, other times even a minute of loud beeping from setting the house alarm in the other house will not trigger a sound event.One thing driving me a little crazy is even though I have sound  alerts turned off currently, for example I just got woken up from a deep sleep from the alerts from the other house when someone called that phone as a wrong number.  Not the first time it has sent sound alerts when supposedly turned off. At first I thought I was mistaken, but now it is very clear that this is buggy.Sometimes I receive the alerts right away, sometimes it takes up to 5 minutes, and some times I get nothing.  Haven't figured out the pattern yet to isolate variables like my different emails (google, msn, etc).Also I really wished they support alerts to a verizon w8 phone (just talking a text here) better, I get about 1/10 of the alerts directly to my phone.  Not sure why that is so spotty, maybe something to do with my specific phone (928) and carrier and the text format.  But all other emailed texts to my phone seem to work fine (I have other apps emailing the phone texts with no problem). This a problem for me, as getting alerts to my mobile is a major part of what I wanted.And dropcam says there is a 30 minute alert timeout between alerts per camera.  I am getting motion alerts often as often as 15 minutes for a single camera, sometimes at the 30 minute intervals. Another area that dropcam needs to spend some resources on, imo.  For any "security" system (which is why I bought it) needs to be reliable and predictable.So kind of flakey in the implementation, but I love the basic idea of the dropcam.  So handy to have the ability to get info on our other place while we are gone when it all working (currently camera has gone off line at other house, for example).  While wi fi connection is spottier than I would have expected, when working it gives good video although it does eat up alot of upload bandwidth which would make multiple cameras a problem for us at either house as we only have around .7 - .8 mbps upload.And I love the concept of the ability to view the stream at any time and see the sound and motion events, even with a subscription fee.  If it all worked a little more solidly, the cost would be well worth it to me.At some point down the road I think it could be a killer product, but not yet imo.  But still pretty cool and if I could I'd give it 3.5 stars.edit: I  heard back from dropcam support and they said the pink flare in the lens is considered normal in the dropcam. I consider this kind of reflection only normal in a poor quality lens.  For whatever reason, the dropcam pro does not have any of this flare under identical conditions.Also having a bit of problem keeping my dropcam HD connected.  Currently it had been offline for two days and we have not  had a chance to go there and get it reconnected.update 12/3  Camera is now dropping off network every few minutes and then reconnects (which results in a motion alert).  And then after a couple hours it quits entirely. Tried rebooting modem, camera etc and behavior is the same.  After I am away a few hours the camera goes offline (sometimes it seems to actually sbut off. So for me it's of no use and is going back. Also to work at all I had to put it the same room as my modems (same for both houses) with no walls between them at all.  Crazy poor wi fi ability.I since bought a dropcam pro (which does not do this same dropping off regularly every few minutes) but it is  having issues of it's own.  But I'll wait until the behavior patterns are clear and post this in a separate review.