PROS:I love this monitor!  The screen is very clear, and it works great.  Being a paranoid new mom, I am easily able to see that baby is still breathing.  You can adjust the brightness and volume easily.  There is a setting that allows you to keep the sound muted and it automatically un-mutes when baby cries or there is an unusual noise in the room.  This is a great feature, it saves you from listening to static all night long when baby is sleeping soundly.  There is a similar feature for the screen, but I personally prefer to keep the screen on.  I have never had a problem with the unit malfunctioning.  You can even use multiple cameras with the one monitor unit.  It is very portable; I can charge it and clip it right to my belt loop or set in on a table or nightstand near by.  There is no dragging cords around the house or having to keep it plugged in.  I have even dropped it a few times and it never broke!  It is surprisingly durable for being made of plastic.  However, my clumsy bulldog knocked it over 2 nights ago and the screen got pushed in on one side and it no longer holds a charge.  I have to have it plugged into an outlet or it shuts off.  (I am surprised it even worked at all after that, but it did!)  Since we live in a 2 story home, it is very inconvenient to unplug it and plug it back in every time I go up or down the stairs.  I contacted the Infant optics company via email and received a prompt response.  The representative that replied to my email, Mae, was very helpful and addressed all my concerns.  I was able to exchange the broken unit for a brand new one.  They didn't give me the run around or make me jump through hoops.  It was prompt and simple, and they even ship the new one before they receive the defective one!  Best customer service experience I have had in a long time.  They seem to be a great company and I have recommended this product to friends.CONS:The only cons with this monitor is that the lowest brightness setting could stand to be a bit lower and the buttons are all very loud.  The brightness/volume buttons range from 0 (the lowest setting) to 9 (the highest setting).  The buttons don't allow you to push and hold to turn it all the way up or down.  For example, if you had the volume all the way up to 9 and wanted to mute it, you would have to click the down button 9 times and its really loud.  It actually wakes my husband up sometimes if I change these settings in the night.  A mute button would be nice, as would quieter buttons, but it isn't that big of a deal considering how well the product works!  Definitely not enough of a con to keep me from buying this brand in the future.