As K. Lam mentioned on his review, the Panasonic tech supports are EXTREMELY helpful and very knowledgeable. They were so nice that I had to send them a compliment letter. Anyhow, I will explain steps how to get this camera working properly with Apple Airport Extreme router since it doesn't have UPnP, so the configuration is a bit different than other routers.**I'm going to explain how to get it to worked with Airport section only. For basic set up, read on K. Lam review on the "Most helpful customer reviews" section. He explains it very clearly and it's pretty similar to Mac as well.**1. MAKE SURE your modem is FULLY bridged. If you use Comcast like me, call the tech support and have them checked if it is fully bridged. Because I use Comcast Business with a modem (SMC) that doesn't support full function bridge, I couldn't get it to work for about a month thinking the unit is defect. Ok, hook your camera to Airport Extreme and make sure you choose the "wire" section on your camera.2. After you get step one checked, type 10.0.1.253 on your web browser. It should bring you to Panasonic top page (set up home page). Type username and password if necessary.3. Click on the "Set up" tap on the top of the page. Now there should be more taps on the left i.e. Network (IPv4), Network (IPv6) etc.4. Click on Network (IPv4)-->Connection Mode-->Static-->Network Configuration from Setup Program-->EnableInternet Connection-->Port No.-->5000  -->IP Address-->10.0.1.253  -->Default Gate way and DNS depends on your internet provider (mine is 10.0.1.1 for both Default Gateway and Primary Server Address) Secondary Server Address leave blank.5. If you want to the camera to connect to your wireless, click on the wireless tab and input the SSID and Network key.6. Click on Dynamic DNS. Create your own Dynamic DNS by selecting Viewnetcam.com and click next. Follow the instruction guided.Save your progress. That should be all for configuration on the browser.Next, on your Mac, click on Application-->Utilities-->Airport UtilityYou should see your Airport Extreme main page.1. Click on "Manual set up" button. input your password, if asked.2. On the top page, there should be 5 icons; Airport, Internet, Printers, Disks, and Advanced. Click on Advanced-->Port Mapping3. Input as following  Public UDP Port(s): leave it blank  Public TCP Port(s): 5000  Private IP Address: 10.0.1.253  Private UDP Port(s) leave it blank  Private TCP Port(s): 5000Then click continue. You can name it whatever you like. I name it as Camera. Then click done.THAT'S IT!!! You should be able to connect your camera remotely. check by typing httt://xxx.viewnetcam.com:5000 (xxx is the name you set up before on step 6) if you are able to view it there. You are done.If not? Call 1800 211 7262 This is direct Panasoic Net Camera Department. They are very helpful. They even talked to tech support for Comcast to solve the issue for me!!!! I'm really impressed. I just wrote an email to consumerproduct09@US_panasonic.com If you get help from their tech support too, I think they deserve a compliment letter. We need more customer service like this!