I have the previous camera product made by Logitech, then Wilife, bought by Logitech a few years ago.  For the most part, this is a major upgrade.So, first, if you have no background into the old system, I can't compare this new product to others like it, but there are a few companies that make the same kind of cameras.  My only insight into those is one that required your camera to be by your router, and this system doesn't require that.  The initial power device--central command, really, but it's just a big plug the size of your fist--is connected to the router, though.The setup is pretty easy, but a little intimidating when you first open the box because it looks like a lot of work--units, cables, a CD--but following the directions on the quick start-guide is pretty straightforward.  The picture quality in the daytime is very good and I really like the iPad app that lets me see the cameras live.On face-value then, it sort of works okay to pretty well.  But bringing the baggage of the previous unit is important, I think.First, the night vision on the outdoor camera isn't as good as the previous system, and, in fact, it's not very good.  It's pretty good if you have a light on outside, but pure darkness, not so much and as it gets dark in the afternoon (around 4), the color quality turns to black and white.One issue I had with the previous system was that the power units would occasionally stop working.  Sometimes, they'd stop for good.  Other times, they'd stop at my office and I'd bring it home (I have a system at each place) and it would work there.  Then, I'd take it back to my office and it would magically start working again.These units feel different, a little more solid.  But as I went to hang up the power unit for the outdoor camera, one of the two screw holders snapped off and obviously had just been hotglued to the main unit.  Knowing the quality issues of the past, this is a bit of a red flag, especially when you consider how crazily expensive the cameras are.  And, in my opinion, the cost could be diminished if they were packaged smarter--easily $25 of the cost goes just for the packaging.When I hooked up the new system, I still had my old cameras and it found them and updated the firmware.  "Sweet!," I thought, because I started thinking I could augment the old cameras with the new ones.  That was the extent of the compatibility, though.  I haven't yet tried to see if a new camera will be found by my old system (so maybe I could go version 1 at home and version 2 at the office, for instance), but I don't think it will--I will update if I find out differently.But the old system had a way I could log in and view all my systems and the new app only works with the new system.  Hence, the baggage issue because I've spent $2,000 on old units and $1,000 on new ones and they might as well been from two different companies (they sort of were with the Logitech buyout).  So, my biggest thought, if you are starting from scratch, is to be very cautious with any system you buy if you think it can be expanded or compatible with other systems later.  And, further, because of the issues I've had with the previous system and a very minor issue already with this one, I'd think hard before I plopped down $2,000 for a full system here thinking you were covered forever.These could very well be the best--they were when I bought the first system and I'm kind of invested in this route.  The wireless aspect is something they've got down cold.  If I judged this on software, I'd give it 4.5 stars (5 if it combined systems), but on hardware, probably a 3, and pricing, a 2 at best.  Priced 50 percent below what they are, and these would be perfect.  At this price point, explore all alternatives before you pull the trigger.