This is a pretty impressive setup and is so simple to get up and working. It has tons of features and extras, more than you'd expect. Upon opening the box you will have everything you need to get up and running fast. Depending if you are mounting it indoors or outdoors will add to the time it takes to be running. I had my system working in 10 minutes literally. I didn't mount the cam to anything but have it in a windowsill. The only thing I needed to hook up was the mounting swivel base, the power adapter for both the cam and the LCD. Everything was paired and already configured so for me it was plug and play.The instructions are well done in both explanations and descriptions/photos/troubleshooting. They included a fast setup guide which was simple too. They did show that you need to attach the antenna's but they were already done so those steps weren't needed. Less to worry about, although i made sure they were tightened.When you turn on the unit, there are lots of touch screen buttons including: menu, recording, volume, split screen and intercom. There are way more features than expected like the 2 way audio intercom. So there is a speaker and mic in both the cam and the lcd base unit. You hit a little button on the lcd screen and you can talk to someone close to the cam. This feature is great if you have it setup outside as a door monitor.There's an SD slot in the back to put memory cards in to record video weather manually or if you setup a specific time to record as well as setting it to record any motion. A 2gb card is included which will record about 3:52 of footage. You can use up to a 32gb card which will record around 63 hours. This is for a single camera only, if you add more then of course it lessens the more cams you have hooked up.There's a screen saver mode which also lets you use it as a digital frame but your images are stored on the same card for recording so be aware that it will use memory and lessen your record time. When in screen saver mode you can have it activate back to the regular live screen when the cam senses motion (to upload photos you have to use a pc, mac isn't compatible with the software but there may be a work around, I haven't tried it). You can also set it to just go blank (which I do) and it will turn back on if there is motion detected. There's also a beep feature to alert you with audio if you aren't looking at the cam to see that it has detected motion.If you have 4 cams you can have the screen split so you can see all 4 live cams at once or you can set it to rotate each cam in full screen. One thing I read in the instructions and makes sense is that the motion detection might be less accurate when the surrounding temperature of the cam is more than 98.7 (body heat temp) as it detects heat, so if its super hot where you have the cam mounted like outside, then it may not register movement as well but, it also mentions that it tracks motion with another sensor so to me this is a backup if the heat is too much. There is a way to increase and decrease sensitivity settings which i'm sure would fix any issues.You can view your recordings right on the LCD screen (7inch) in addition to having picture-in-picture of the live cam feed. Or you can just remove the SD card and put it in your computer and watch them that way. There are two setting for video quality high and low one is 640x480 and 360x240.To view the camera online from a smartphone or computer, you have to setup/create a Skype account. It has to be separate from your personal one and then you have to add the cam as a contact, its a little involved and you WILL meed the step by step guide to get it all working. In addition, you need to use the enclosed cd software as well as have the base screen unit hooked up to a usb port to configure it and to keep the connection of the cam to Skype. So you need to keep your computer on to have the link stay.It of course has all the settings for adjusting the brightness on the lcd/cams etc, audio volume, and the date/time. The range of the wireless system varies depending on line of sight. They claim up to 650 feet unobstructed but that's probably not gonna be what anyone gets. The system from what I can tell is a 2.4gtz so its good but your range will be limited most likely. There is a signal strength meter on the lcd screen so that will help you know when your getting out of range. You'll also get choppy live video if your too far away. But don't worry, Lorex sells accessories to extend the range with wither a panel antenna or an omni directional antenna.If this system had a true wireless cam (battery powered, I would have rated it 5 stars and would be great. If they ever release a cam compatible with this system that is battery powered i'm for sure buying it. I so wanted to mount the cam outside but i have no place to plug the cam into outside. I'd have to run an extension cord to it which would defeat the purpose of surveillance where anyone could simply unplug it.Its a super great system that can be expanded and has many of the bells and whistles you would hope for and more.