ORIGINAL REVIEW:  I purchased my packaged set from Costco.com, but I needed additional cameras to add to the system.  After looking around, I discovered that Amazon had the best price (about $180 per camera after taxes).  When I purchased, I was able to have the item "sold and fullfilled by Amazon," and shipping was excellent.  So far I have purchased four of these cameras from Amazon and the products were shipped and delivered as advertised.These cameras are good.  The TV lines of resolution is 700, which is the highest I have seen so far (typically the highest had been 600).  Therefore, [EDITED] after using the cameras for about a year now, I would say that the clarity is good, but it is still a little blurry for my expectations [END EDIT].  The cameras are made of metal, instead of the cheap plastic used for other cameras that look metal.  there are many options for moving the camera to the desired position:  you can rotate the camera clockwise or counterclockwise and it can be moved up and down.  The cameras are advertised as "vandal proof," and the cord is completely sealed in the unit.  The clarity is excellent, and I was happily surprised to see that the lens was actually wider than I had expected, so it picks up quite a bit.  The infrared is automatic and works very well.  There is also a sun viser on the top to protect against glare.  Finally, I also liked the white color these cameras are (versus black) since they blended in well with our house.UPDATE, 6/28/13:  One of these cameras went bad (i.e., picture became distorted) after approximately 5 months of use.  In contacting Lorex for support, it was VERY cumbersome (if you want to skip the details, skip to the last sentence of this paragraph):  First, I had to register the camera (make sure you write down the serial number BEFORE you put the camera up in a high place...you'll need this to register).  Second, I emailed customer support for help...weeks later, no response.  Then I called customer support and was told I had to speak to "tech support."  I first spoke to "level 1" tech support.  They couldn't help.  So I was transferred to "level 2" tech support.  After troubleshooting and being on hold for an incredible amount of time, I was told that I would need to replace the camera.  Initially I was told that I needed to send my defective camera in first...one that was placed high and professionally installed.  I asked if I could receive the new camera first so I wouldn't have a hole in my wall (it was going to rain) and so I could have the professional installer charge me for one visit, not two (i.e., one to take the old camera down, another to put the new camera up).  I was told that, since it was past 90 days since I purchased the camera, I would need to provide a $50 deposit to have the new camera shipped out while keeping the defective one until the new one was received.  About a month and half later, I received a DOME camera, but a bullet camera!  So, I now had a defective bullet AND an erroneous replacement DOME camera.  More wait time on hold and with representatives...I was given a return authorization for the erroneous DOME and the defective bullet, and that the correct replacement BULLET would be shipped out immediately.  After a couple of weeks of waiting without receiving the bullet, I contacted Lorex again...now I'm told that I needed to send in the erroneous DOME first.  Did that and finally got the bullet and then I was finally able to send back the defective bullet and get my $50 deposit back.  THIS PROCESS TOOK ABOUT FIVE MONTHS IN ALL!!  Unacceptable.Given the difficult customer service and tech support, I honestly don't know if I would purchase from Lorex again.  It's too much of a headache and some of the worst customer service I have experienced.