First let me say that everything came in on time and very well packed.  No issues at all there.  I am still in the process of installing the cameras so I can't speak to their quality at the moment, but some limited testing inside, makes me suspect of their range and quality.  Time will tell.  Let me qualify the rest of this with a few statements.  I have a more complex network than the average small business or home user.  I have worked in the IT field as a system admin, Network admin, telecom and developer for over 20 years.  That's not to say I know everything, but it's to say that I know enough to be dangerous and get frustrated with first level support people reading from a script fairly quickly.  I did not try hooking the cameras up to the POE ports integrated into the server.  Given the placement of my cameras I was not going to be able to use them anyway.Pros:1. Packaged very nicely and neatly.  It comes with 4 100ft cables already terminated.2. The cameras seem to be well made.3. The included software even just the web page is very functional, and offers a lot of features and customizations.  it seems to be very powerful.4. Initial setup of the cameras was very easy.  The search functionality found them on the various switches I had them plugged into.Cons:1. Like someone else said in one of their reviews.  Cameras are a bandwidth hog.  I have gigabit through most of my network all the way out to the endpoint.  Even so, I can tell when I have the cameras on. (8/22/2013 update - if you know what you are doing and are willing to spend a little time, you can setup a VLAN with your switches and isolate the cameras and NVR to a subnet all their own.  This way it doesn't impact the network for everyone else in the family.  Q-SEE doesn't know how to do this, and I really wouldn't expect them to, but if you know what you are doing, you can do this fairly easily if your switching equipment supports it.)2. It would be nice if the NVR came rack mountable.3. It might be the KVM switch I tried to use, but the NVR would not recognize the mouse attached to my KVM.4. My relatively new (year or so old) Vizio TV would not recognize the HDMI video signal produced by the system.5. I understand that you would not normally want a keyboard attached to the device and that having one there is kind of like lipstick on a pig, but it would make things easier during setup.  The popup keyboard is nice, but real keyboard support would have been nicer.Support: (This is where I started deducting stars)1. Like I said earlier, I'm not normal.  Support was great as long as I stuck with the standard kind of setup questions.  But as soon as I got somewhat outside the box, they stopped responding to my questions.2. I had one camera that I believe was probably a refurbished camera.  I believe this because instead of being setup for DHCP like the others it had a static IP address assigned for a subnet other than mine which made connecting to it a pain.  When I opened a ticket asking how to do a factory reset, I was told I needed to install new firmware on the camera.  Well, maybe so, but how do you install new firmware on a camera you can't access.I will update this as I get farther into the installation.  The scores may go up if they start responding to my tickets again.  All in all the system is good for the money, and the support is good for the normal home or small business user.8/22/2013 update - Well, I installed the cameras outside today.  Got an electrician to come out and help with running the wire.  I've run enough wire in my time and crawling through the attic was just not on my list of things to do today.  I have 4 cameras hooked up.  They all went up easily and have a good clear picture.  The one gotcha I have at this moment is that I can't figure out how to tighten the camera so it stays in position.  I know it has to be something easy, I just can't see it.I will give their tech support this. They are persistent.  They have worked through and answered all of the questions I had and on the one question they could not answer, they gave me the contact information for the manufacturer of the NVR so I could contact them.  It's refreshing to have a vendor say "I don't know, but here is where you can find out", rather than give half baked answers that don't really answer your question.I'm getting more and more satisfied with these units.  I'm even going to give them a star back for staying after the support issues I had and working them through with me.