Installed my first one of these over the weekend, also use QSee 8005B cameras which are significantly more expensive ($250+ vs $130-150). Recently upgraded to QT7116 for SDI and am slowly converting old cameras over before adding more wiring (old system was 8 cameras but I found if you have a larger house you quickly learn that 8 isn't enough coverage even for just outside use). This camera has more IR LEDs than the QSee and I think has more manual zoom range. There are plenty of image adjustments as well but I think the QSee has just a few more options-biggest one I am missing is the ability to name the camera at the camera end. The QSee lets me enter in "Backyard" or "Patio" or etc. and place it anywhere on the screen so that it is part of the image when I look at it on DVR or mobile. As far as I can tell, this camera doesn't have that option.Also, it is significantly bulkier than the QSee 8005B-which is already a big camera-and I am not sure why. I unfortunately dropped one off a ladder from 20ft (it still worked at least somewhat at that point but I did dent it and crack the outer protective lens) and later took it apart to check for damage-a couple parts had slid about but nothing seemed broken (will have to check on the next camera change if it works normally or not-was seeing some issues but may have fixed that when took it apart). The internal camera parts only cover the front rounded part and a bit (maybe 1/4 depth) of the back end of the enclosure-the larger square back end is largely empty save for a large desiccant bag (that was a surprise because I thought something was broken and rattling around and it ended up being the bag that had come loose from a zip tie breaking) and the power cord running from the back. Maybe adjusting the zoom level moves the camera apparatus backwards where it needs that space? Not too sure.One other minor issue is the mounting bracket setup is a little crazy-there are actually two pieces to the base where you mount it to wherever. You have to take off 4 machine screws to get to the actual mounting plate which is 1/2 of the entire mounting plate (in thickness), then screw that plate on where you are mounting the camera, and then screw the camera with the second plate to the mounting bracket with the 4 screws. This seems a bit overkill as it could just mount right through a single bottom plate like most cameras you see-I am not sure I will even use the detachable plate on subsequent installs, I may just mount right through the plate attached to the camera itself where the 4 machine screws would go.A plus for this camera is that after lining things back up again after I took it apart after I dropped it from the 2nd story-it still works! I may have to remove the cracked outer lens as their is some artifact showing from it, but otherwise it works great during daylight. Night-time is a little weird as I am getting a cycle of light sensitivity where it keeps adjusting to the ambient light although that may be due to other factors like the cracked lens or landscape lights. But I must say I am impressed with the durability of this camera. So far (2 weeks after installing 1st GW) I am leaning towards getting more of these cameras vs the much more expensive QSee 8005b as I am just not seeing the extra price being worth it at this point.