I have now had this monitor for 7 months and even purchased the expandable camera for our newborn, so we are now able to monitor both children on the same monitor.  Setup was very easy and everything I originally stated below holds true.HOWEVER, about every week (give or take a few days), the monitor displays an 'out of range' message for both cameras and I have to pair both cameras to the monitor again.  While not difficult, it sort of defeats the purpose of the monitor...which is to monitor.  When we finally get our infant down to sleep, then go downstairs and turn on the monitor and no image shows up, we don't want to go back into the room to disturb the peacefully sleeping little guy...at least not for a good few minutes.So I called Samsung tech support thinking this was a defective unit and hoping to exchange it, and the representative told me this is how the monitor is designed!  So this is actually a design flaw.  Apparently, if there is any interference, the monitor drops the camera and you have to manually pair again.  I would think it a simple matter to save the radio frequency settings in memory so once you move the monitor closer or the interference clears, the video returns automatically without the need to pair again.Samsung, fix this issue and your product rating will improve dramatically!+++++++++++++++++++++++We just received the Samsung SEW-3036 video baby monitor and as soon as I turned it on, I was impressed.  The display is large and the image quality is incredibly clear.  What impressed me most was just how clear the image quality is in both light and dark environments - there is a light sensor on the camera that detects lighting and switches the camera from normal light (full color video) to minimal/no light (black and white video utilizing the infrared LEDs).  Also, setup of the camera and monitor is super simple (however, if you are not handy with technology, you should read the manual to dig into the menu settings...but it's all really pretty straightforward once you become familiar with it).We now have two children and purchased this for our newborn who is just 1 week old.  After seeing the quality, we will likely ditch our old monitor we were using for our first child and simply purchase an additional camera since the Samsung is expandable and sounds very easy to connect the additional camera to the monitor -- simply hit the 'pairing' button on each device and you're all set.  What's nice is that the monitor itself has a scan feature so the video/audio will switch between the cameras automatically every 10 seconds.I would have given this product a 5 star rating, but I literally took it out of the box today, so would want some more time with it before giving it a perfect score.  Also, while the camera is very easy to mount (there is even a mounting template included in the instruction manual) and you can pivot the camera to multiple angles, the camera is vertically aligned while the monitor is horizontally aligned.  It would be perfect if you had the option to turn the camera 90 degrees so that the length of the crib fit into the longest viewing dimension of the camera and thus the monitor.  It's not a major factor since you can simply mount the camera on a different wall to achieve the same 90 degree angle, but if you only have one wall option for mounting, you may have to mount the camera farther back to get everything in frame. Fortunately, the monitor also comes with a 2x zoom and pan feature so even if you are farther back, you can always zoom in to get a closer look.I would also recommend that the monitor stand should pivot 90 degrees so you have the option of setting the monitor down on either its horizontal or vertical edge.All things considered, these are pretty minor improvements and it would not have prevented me from purchasing this monitor.  Like I said, I'll likely get the second add on camera to place in our other child's room...so we just have one monitor to carry around.  What's nice too is that there is a VOX setting that turns off the display to conserve batter, but automatically turns on when a noise is sensed by the respective camera...and you can adjust the sensitivity (hi/low) to pick up the slightest sound or only the big cries.Lastly, there's even a talk button on the monitor so you can use it like a walkie-talkie if you need to soothe with your voice or communicate with your spouse from another floor.  Even the volume of the speaker on each camera can be individually controlled and set all from the monitor.  Really useful and well-thought-out device.