I LOVE this camera. Love it. I have been so happy with this. Within a week of using the first one, I was back to order a second.It's under $100 (in Fall 2011). That was the first thing that encouraged me to try this specific camera. And it got good reviews here on Amazon.It was easy to install using a bracket that comes with it. The second camera, we just set on a piece of furniture and have not used the bracket. Then, I can keep an eye on the little kids when they're playing or sleeping and I can move it to different rooms depending on where I am or the kids are.If you install the bracket to the ceiling, then the software allows you to flip the image so that you don't have to watch anything upside down.The IR lights aren't very bright. They work very well and you can see in darkness, but they're not so bright that the baby notices them and can't sleep because of them.You can move the camera from your computer's browser window, so for example if the baby moves to another part of the crib, I can track him and see where he's moved.It's great that the signal is wireless, so we can move it to any part of the house. It works through our brick exterior walls and the signal also works from one floor of our house to another.Unfortunately, you still need a power cord, so there is still a cord. Within the house, this is fine because we have outlets everywhere. Installing it on our front porch though, I did have to drill through from outside to run the power cord to an outlet inside the house (rather than running 50 feet of extension cord to an outside outlet which a burglar could easily unplug).I like the white color because it matches the decor of our house.The software that comes with it is pretty easy to figure out. You can add a date time stamp if you choose, in various colors. You can sync the time with NIST or with your PC or a few other options. With two cameras, I can watch both feeds at the same time. I can also choose one and maximize it to fill up my monitor.The only con is that you cannot zoom in and out, but I still love everything else about the camera.I have been able to take screenshots as well as record manually.I've set up the Alarm Service (motion recording) and the mail settings (to get an email if the camera detects motion and starts recording).I've been happy with those as well. You can set a sensitivity (1 to 10, with 10 being most sensitive) so that the camera can detect motion and start recording. It takes about 1 second for it to realize there has been motion and start recording, so in that time you can miss the person who rang your doorbell, if they're very quick. At first, I had it set at 10 and it would record if the wind blew the nearby trees and shadows changed. I now have it set to 6. It records for a full minute after it detects motion. If my computer is up and running, it will record. If I don't have the camera software running, it will not record. It needs a place to store the video recordings.Within the Alarm Service, you can check a box to have an email sent to up to four email addresses indicating that motion has been detected. I set this up too. It sends 6 screenshots by email of whatever it recorded. And even if my Foscam software isn't running on my computer, it will still send me screenshots by email.This was harder to set up. The instructions were mostly clear, even though they've clearly been translated from some other language. The main issue is testing the set up. I had to search on the internet for answers and the problem is not with the Foscam software but with SMTP email. A lot of IP providers won't allow you to use their SMTP addresses to send email because they are afraid of you sending spam. If you have your own hosting provider, you can use their SMTP address. Even so, if you use the "Test" button in the Foscam software, it still often returns that the Test connection was unsuccessful. However, I've learned that's because of the availability of my hosting provider. Once in a while, the test works. So your set up could be correct but the connection test will fail. You have to keep trying with the same settings until it succeeds so that you know you have it right.Because of my SMTP connection not always working right away, if motion is detected, my camera will take screenshots and try to email them to me. It will sometimes take up to about 15 minutes for me to actually receive the email. But I do get the emails eventually. Again, this is because of my email provider and not the camera software. I'm still very happy with this camera and its abilities.I've been very pleased with this camera.