We've had this monitor for almost two years now. It has been through a lot!! It's been dropped from second story staircase to hardwood floors below, it's been to the beach, in airplane luggage, pulled off the wall by children, etc. (Has NOT been dropped in water but water has been spilled on it).Overall I feel this monitor has been one of the best investments we've made so far. Not to say it is perfect, I'm still looking for my magical unicorn monitor. However, customers shopping for a video/audio monitor that has range, room temp, night vision and two-way microphone, you will not find one better than this, seriously, I've been looking. Since no one has yet to marry the wifi/network baby monitor with a remote wireless monitor that allows you to use both internet connection or actual monitor device to view your child, I am still left wanting, but I digress.PROS:-900Ft range is farther than any other remote wireless monitor that includes room temp, night vision and two-way microphone (Samsung is 974ft but it's a wifi/network monitor so, that's almost apples and oranges). We have tested these limits in very creative and numerous ways and it's awesome. Need a little bit more boost? A wire coat hanger does the trick. I am very impressed with the range-Room temp monitor: very few monitors have this feature and it's a HUGE selling point for me. Especially for those cold winter and hot summer nights, I like to know so I can adjust temps if needed.-Two-way microphone: you may not think you have much use for this but wait until your little one is or has transitioned to "the big-kid bed". You can command them back into bed from thin air. It works every time. But it's not a high-powered mic so it does sound a little metallic/robot-y.-Ability to hook up numerous additional cameras and easily scan back and forth between cameras.-Night vision... The only thing good I can say about the night vision is its name.CONS:-Night vision: I'm sure Motorola has listed the distance for the night vision feature but it makes no difference, it's terrible. Our camera is hanging about 6ft above the crib/bed and it's bearable but you either compromise quality to fit the whole crib in view or have to pan up and down because the camera is so close to see what's what.-Plug: Ugh, the plug is not good. I know a couple of families who have this monitor and everyone ends up either replacing one of the plugs (usually the monitor plug to power source) or MacGyvering the plug to make it work. In our experience, the power source plug connections easily loosen and we end up opening up the wires and fixing it (which I don't recommend).-No silence mode: Unfortunately you can only turn the sound down, not off. We have a sleep-sound machine in our LO's room so I get to listen to soft static coming through the monitor at night.-No option to view camera over the internet. As mentioned, I haven't found a monitor that allows you to use the hand-held monitor device and have the option of also viewing over the internet; it's only one or the other but it still sucks and therefore is a con.