I bought this baby monitor about a month ago, but wanted to give it some time and usage before I wrote a thorough review. So far so good. We've been using it every night for a month and it's been working great.PROS:* Very affordable compared to many other baby video monitors! Literally half the price of other cameras and from what I gather really no significant reduction in quality or features.* Pairing the monitor to the camera is straightforward and simple.* The audio sensor is smart in what it picks up and what it ignores. We have a ticking wall clock in my son's room, but that never sets the audio sensor off. Also, if my wife or I go in there and whisper it rarely sets it off. But my son moving, fussing or crying seems to set it off about 99% of the time, which is pretty much perfect.* Video quality is excellent! And the night vision works great (I was skeptical it would work well, but honestly it's pretty awesome!). Initially positioning the camera takes some trial and error, but once set up it's fine. Just don't bump that camera once it's set up!* The monitor unit itself can be mounted to a wall or just sat on its own little stand. And when mounted on the wall there is still decent (but not excellent) directional flexibility.* Instructions/manual were okay. A bit on the light side, but well written and easy to follow.* Quality and reliability both seem okay. The monitor feels a bit "cheap and pasticy" but not too bad. Our monitor and camera worked right out the box with no problems. But I don't doubt some other buyers ran into problems. But I think that's the same with any product - there are always the occasional duds.CONS:* Battery life on the monitor is pretty terrible. But you can run it while the charger is plugged in. So as long as you have a power socket near by it's not a real problem.* The audio sensor is a bit unreliable. If our son hasn't made a noise in a long time the monitor kicks on 100%, so that's good. But then after about 10 seconds it switches off, and doesn't come on again for another 45 seconds or so, even if he makes noise in the meantime. But overall this isn't a big problem, but a minor annoyance.* Despite what it says, this device doesn't play nicely with some wifi devices. The wifi connection on my smart phone often (but not always) dies as soon as both the baby monitor and camera are switched on - even when just downloading very small data footprints like small text/HTML pages. And my Roku 2 box consistently loses its connection within about 20 seconds of both the monitor and camera being on and connected. I tried changing the channel for my wireless router (as recommended by the manufacturer) and it didn't help at all. They say in the manual that there are known problems with the unit sharing a wifi connection, but they wrongly blame the wireless router, saying some nonsense like "it's being too greedy". Simple fact is, when I run into connectivity problems it is NEVER with the Infant Optics monitor or camera. It is always with other devices. So it's fair to say the Infant Optics units are the ones being greedy. The wifi hogging is annoying, but we really just use it at night, so it's manageable. But the lame customer service responses were frustrating. Oh, and the wifi hogging is only a problem when BOTH the camera and monitor are on and connected (this should be pretty obvious, but I thought I'd clarify just in case).* The kick-stand for the monitor unit doesn't lock open. So any little nudge to it and the kick-stand will close, sending the monitor falling backwards. Again, not a show-stopper, but an annoyance.* It would be nice to have a setting where you could turn off the audio sensor so you always hear audio via the camera. But that's not a huge deal.Overall I would definitely recommend this product. But just know its limitations and take those into account when deciding on a purchase. Most of the "cons" above really weren't a big deal for us, although the wifi hogging can be an inconvenience. I would give it 5 stars, but the wifi hogging of this product and incorrect finger-pointing by Infant Optics diminish my impression a bit.