I mulled over whether wireless or wired for some time and read many reviews.  I don't think the wireless was the right decision but I was smart enough to buy the unit with 8 ports with the 4 wireless cameras so I can buy wired cameras when I need to.Here are my experiences.First the negatives.  The wireless cameras allowed me to find the best location for each camera, but as I read in another review you still have to run a cable for power to the camera so it may be just as easy to run the cable to a wired device.  The length of cables supplied is disappointing at the very least, the cable from the DVR to the wireless receiiver is so short it's useless ( I haven't yet asked Lorex it they supply an extension) but if I coud install the wireless receivers the other side of my outside wall I could get maximum connectivity and a clear view of the cameras.  The HDMI cable has the same shortcoming, it's too short.  I bought a much longer HDMI cable which suits the needs.  The zoom on the DVR is dissapointing it switches from far away to a little bit closer but doesn't zoom as I understand the definition of Zoom, to go real close.Here are the postiivesI am impressed with the night vision.  I can clearly see the gate at the end of my property about 200 ft away and any activity at the gate, in total darkness we have no street lighting and no lights on the property. Daytime picture clarity is excellent.All in all the product exceeded my expectations and achieved what I wanted to be able to see any activity on the property 24 hours a day if necessary without going outside.I mulled over whether wireless or wired for some time and read many reviews.  I don't think the wireless was the right decision but I was smart enough to buy the unit with 8 ports with the 4 wireless cameras so I can buy wired cameras when I need to.Here are my experiences.First the negatives.  The wireless cameras allowed me to find the best location for each camera, but as I read in another review you still have to run a cable for power to the camera so it may be just as easy to run the cable to a wired device.  The length of cables supplied is disappointing at the very least, the cable from the DVR to the wireless receiiver is so short it's useless ( I haven't yet asked Lorex it they supply an extension) but if I coud install the wireless receivers the other side of my outside wall I could get maximum connectivity and a clear view of the cameras.  The HDMI cable has the same shortcoming, it's too short.  I bought a much longer HDMI cable which suits the needs.  The zoom on the DVR is dissapointing it switches from far away to a little bit closer but doesn't zoom as I understand the definition of Zoom, to go real close.  There was a video attached to the product specification which does not portray reality.  The movements are not real time at all there is some delay between moving and seeing it on the TV the video is misleading but not a show stopper, maybe it would be better with the wired version of camera.Here are the postiivesI am impressed with the night vision.  I can clearly see the gate at the end of my property about 200 ft away and any activity at the gate, in total darkness we have no street lighting and no lights on the property. Daytime picture clarity is excellent.All in all the product exceeded my expectations and achieved what I wanted to be able to see any activity on the property 24 hours a day if necessary without going outside.