There are aspects of this system that I really liked and was extremely anxious and looking forward to receiving it!And so much hoping that the bulk of the 5 star reviews were not shills from the company... which seems to so often be the case.I liked the following representations ... ease of set up... I am not new to video surveillance have had it for almost 20 years for my businesses and home.  Thus not a novice to setting up far more difficult systems than this one... and was looking forward to a first time experience of an "easy-setup" --- also liked the fact that it recorded to a SD Card - and not having to fight with the picture on a recorder or DVR system.Well... it was easy to set up as they said... the problem ... is getting it to WORK/FUNCTION as advertised!!  Initially I set it up in my bedroom looking out a large window one camera at each end.  As we had our cameras destroyed that were outside by a trespasser... so this time we were going to try keeping them inside where they could not be bashed in.They were only 2-3 ft from the receiver - it took the cameras a long time to pair themselves with the receiver even pairing them manually.  Finally... they started working...  BUT ... frequently one or the other would drop the signal with the receiver... one time right in the middle of someone coming onto the property whom I wanted recorded! -- This went on for 2 days... I would have to go through the manual re-pairing process as described in their manual to get the cameras to transmit and connect with the receiver again... and each time it would not last very long!!!Finally... this morning... I decided to move them to another room... it states that they should be within 100 ft of the receiver for best communication between the cameras and the receiver... now they were about 10 ft from the receiver... I had one in the living room and one just outside the door -- as I found that the night vision is also Non-Existent if you have the camera looking out a glass window.This time...  the cameras ... would not communicate with the receiver... I went through all the steps in the manual as I did the first time when I did get them to work part of the time!!!  But - NOTHING - --- unplugged... let it rest... kissed it's little bottom... still... NOTHING!Finally, decided to try to call DEFENDER who is really a company called... CWD ... well they are liars and totally misrepresent the type of customer service you really get from them which is essentially ... NONE!I do not know about the rest of you but my time is precious and worth money just like theirs is ... they are getting paid to do their jobs... we are NOT getting paid for the horrendous amount of time ... where we are FORCED to spend HOURS ... in trying to get some customer service and technical support and instead just getting the good old run-around... which is exactly what I got from this company!!I tried calling first... all tape recorded - no possible way to get to speak to a live human-being.  I even tried calling the order line as I have learned that allot of companies will not answer their customer service lines and let you hold till you turn purple... because they already have your Money! Ha Ha Ha... they laugh all the way to the Bank~!But ... they will usually answer their new sales lines quickly... Well Not this Company... I hung on hold there too until I did turn purple and passed out!!!I then decided to go to their website... it is just as worthless as their phone service!!!  They tell you to send them an e-mail and IF you are real Lucky you May Hear from them in 2 to 3 Business Days!!!How do you like that!!!  I have been messing with this piece of worthless time-consuming junk that I purchased because I needed the use of it for 3 days!  Now I try to get some customer service/help while they set on my money... and I get told Maybe in 2 or 3 days someone might contact me via e-mail!!!  Now as you can tell I am just a little upset!!!They say they offer CHAT to their Customers finally after looking all over their site I find CHAT in itty-bitty print upper right corner - click it - go through the entire filling out of forms for the now 3rd time... and WAIT and WAIT some more ... it stated please wait you are Next In Line... yeah to hop on their slow boat to China!!Finally the Chat Screen disappears... so I have go out and go in again and re-enter everything all over again and again... WAIT - WAIT - WWWWAAAIITTT!!!This time around... I decide this is it... I have absolutely had it... I will take advantage of the ... THANK-GOD for Amazon Guarantee!!!And send this piece of JUNK back to them the crumbs at Defender/CWD!!!  Which I did and am!Now... It maybe some of these 5 stars are for real... and I got one of the LEMONS...BUT... when the alleged customer service is also a ... BIG ABUSIVE LEMON ... as well... it is time to go to one of their Competitors and to Warn others about this scamming company who does NOT CARE A HOOT ABOUT THEIR PAYING CUSTOMERS...IF THEY DID... THEY WOULD BE GIVING GOOD CUSTOMER SERVICE LIKE AMAZON DOES!