I have experience with many security cameras like Mobotix, Ailocom, Logitech, etc. I bought D-Link DCS-5222L to test it and finally I compare it to Logitech Alert 750i. I have used MacBook Pro to test both cameras. The software version of the camera is 1.Physical characteristicsCamera looks and external feel is ok and it is heavier than I thought. You must buy MicroSD card separately.InstallationInstallation process was easy and fast. D-Link supports Mac, too, even if there is no installation manual or even any Mac hint available.Picture qualityThe first picture was disappointment as the picture was not sharp. You can, however, make it sharper by rotating the lens (this was not mentioned in the installation manuals). Still the picture quality is not very good. The camera has infrared LEDs and this way you can see the night pictures, too. The night quality is naturally not as good as daytime but it is usable. The camera switches from color to B/W automatically for the night time recording.You can select between 1280x720, 640x320, 320x176 or 160x80 resolution. 1280x720  seems to be unstable and freezes easily. When you watch this highest resolution, don't touch your browser window!Voice qualityThe recorded voice quality is pretty good and clear.MydlinkThe only recommended way to access the camera is through mydlink.com web pages and you have to create an account to do this. Even if the manual denies it, you can access the camera directly with its ip address but this way you can not see recorded videos.SecurityThe intimacy protection and security is a question mark as D-Link people can access freely your camera stream and its recorded video clips. Don' install it to your bedroom :-)Snapshot featureYou should be able to take snapshots pictures and videos and with the original setup it was able to store them to MicroSD card. I could see the filenames but I couldn't access them. Next I changed this recording to my MAC disk. This caused that Firefox to crash and Safari didn't do anything when pushing snapshot buttons. I couldn't get recording back to MicroSD anymore - resetting would do it for sure. Well, I don't really need this feature but it is not functional in MAC; I didn't test it with Windows.Motion detection and recorded videosThe motion detection is still a big question mark. You are not able to fine tune it properly for the day and night operation. If the sensitivity is high, the recording is triggered during the night time constantly without any movement. My guess is that the blinking infrared LEDs create a reflection from the furniture and this is interpreted as a movement.When you want to see your recorded videos, there are small thumbnails and clicking them you can see the video itself. There are some problems with this, too. The thumbnail shows the first picture of the recording, which you normally define to be 5 seconds before the event; this way you always see same empty thumbnails. If you don't record anything before the event, then you get useful thumbnails. This is clear programming bug. Thumbnails or the first level video screen do not show event time; when you click the first level video and get the full scree, then you can see the date and the time.My conclusion is that there is some potential with this product to be a proper security camera one day but currently the software is far from being ready. I hope the next version brings better results. Now I can recommend this only with high reservations.Comparison to Logitech Alert 750iPicture quality daytime:  Logitech is the winner.Picture quality during the nighttime: D-Link is the winner as Logitech has no infrared LEDs.Voice quality: D-Link is clear winner.Software: Logitech is Windows only and you can use it with Mac but for software updates you need Windows. D-Link supports both.Software quality: D-Link has far too many bugs; Logitech software seems to be stable.Remote use: D-Link free, Logitech has annual fee ($80)Security and intimacy protection: both are unsafe and the vendors have free access to your cameras.Connection: D-Link has wired and wi-fi connection. Logitech has only wired using powerline.Motion detection: Logitech is the clear winner.Recorded event search: draw.