The BABYVIEW20 is a pretty straightforward device. You have a little camera/microphone that can either be mounted on a crib (or wherever) by a bracket, or sit on a magnetic plate and swivel around, and you have a receiver about the size of a 90s mobile phone that can tune in both sound and picture from the camera unit. Both work with either batteries or AC power adapter (included). The battery pack on the receiver is rechargeable, while the camera uses AA batteries and burns through those pretty quickly. You're better off using the AC adapter for the camera.The camera has night vision, which works pretty well. It also has a microphone, and can be set to turn on the receiver's screen if the sound in the room gets above a certain level (like, for instance, a baby crying). The camera also has the ability to play soothing music, which can be triggered from the receiver. If baby cries, the screen turns on, you hear the baby, and you can hit "play" and hopefully it puts baby back to sleep. Of course, your mileage may vary. The camera also has some star-shaped night-lights on it that can be turned on as an option.As a wireless camera, you can't ask for much more. My only regret is that I see no way to use it as as source for recording what you see on the screen. If you were thinking of using this as a security device once your baby outgrew the need, you'd find it rather limited.The receiver is intuitive, has a few basic controls and indicator lights, and has a nice stand on the back that can swivel around to become a belt clip.Video quality is that of a decent webcam. It's not anything you'd want to shoot video with, but then that's not the point. It lets you see what is happening a few rooms away, in the dark. Even if your baby sleeps through the night, this is sure to put worried parents at ease. You can check in without risking waking your baby by turning on lights or making noise in the room.Battery life, as stated, isn't so hot. If you turn the music or lights, the camera will burn through the four AA batteries in a couple hours. It's best to use the AC adapter, or just never use the music or night light feature if you intend to mount it somewhere away from an outlet and must rely on batteries. The receiver fares better. Using its own rechargeable battery pack helps, and the recharge time is only a few hours.The bottom line: This is a great baby monitor, but I wouldn't call it a home security device (despite some of the tags attached to it here on Amazon). It COULD be used for home security, but it would require you to monitor it in order to get any benefit, and if you're sleeping it's not going to be of much use in catching anyone. As a wireless surveillance device, however, it succeeds. I could see this being used in the kids' playroom or pointed at the back yard, so parents can keep an eye on the kids without being clinging to them all the time. Your kid gets a little more freedom, and you get peace of mind.