SOFTWARE ISSUESThe software mini-CD was cracked in half and unusable upon arrival. It seems the software is supposed to help you find your camera's IP address. But as I learned the cam has a statically assigned IP address on a specific subnet so I don't know what the software does, really.INTERFACE ISSUESI'm a US English speaker and ordered on the US Amazon site but the web interface was in Spanish, with what little is left of my high school Spanish class knowledge and a little help from Google Translate I was able to navigate the menus and change it to ingles (English). The change didn't take effect until I rebooted the camera (possibly at first I missed some of the Spanish goobly-gook telling me to reboot).UNUSUAL TCP/IP SETTINGSThank goodness for some other wonderful Amazon reviewers, I knew the default IP address is a static 192.168.1.108. Since my network is not on that subnet, I found the easiest way to log into the web interface was to temporarily assign my PC any random static IP on that subnet. For example, ip address 192.168.1.163, subnet 255.255.255.0. Once logged into the web interface (admin/admin), I changed the camera's network settings to get an IP from DHCP. It kind of did that, but got the DHCP settings just ONE time and used those settings to then create STATIC IP address and DNS settings. I suppose they did this to alleviate port forwarding problems associated with dynamically changing IP addresses. Bottom line, you are going to be stuck with a static IP whether you like it or not. Choose one within your subnet but outside your DHCP assignment range. UPDATE: A newer firmware version fixed this and you can use real DHCP.POSITIVES* Once all the above minor issues are resolved, quality and reliability is good so far.  --> Update: My two outdoor Dahuas are are surviving like a champ through the Ohio Winter, which has reached 20 year record lows this year (-15F).* The camera appears to be future-proof with IPv6.* POE is nice.* The frame rate stays consistent around 15fps at the highest resolution (1.3 megapixel) even with multiple machines connected and streaming* Blue Iris PC software easily connects and works perfectly (Blue Iris is awesome).* The popular Android app IP Cam Viewer works with this camera too (a little unreliable but it may be the app)* Viewing video with VLC works great with rtsp://theusername:thepassword@192.168.xx.xx:554/cam/realmonitor. I found this to be extremely important since the camera's web interface doesn't show any video in Firefox or Chrome and the IE ActiveX component it tries to install is rejected by Windows 8 (IE 10). There may be some way to get it to install but using VLC is good enough for me. Because the web interface just showed a picture of a camera and a circle with a line through it, I thought I had a broken camera until a half hour later when I found out the correct URL and tried VLC. [UPDATE: Installing Quicktime enables the live stream in Firefox]* Default automatic video settings seem good to me. For the more picky, there are lots of tweaking options in the interface.SUMMARYInitial setup is not for the faint of heart. If you are a network expert you will be fine. If you are kind of a network novice like me then expect a couple hours of fussing and cursing. If you are average Joe web browser and email user then you can forget ever getting this camera to work. Once things are configured and working this is actually a really nice camera (compared to the unreliable Foscams I have used before stepping up to this one).Note that to power this camera, you will need to purchase a POE injector, POE switch, or DC adapter. What comes in the box is not enough to get up and running.