There are some great reviews on Amazon for the Lorex monitor. But here's mine. We have 2 separate units and they don't show interference with each other unless they are touching. In fact you can have 2 cameras connected to 1 monitor so you can watch both kids at the same time (you just can't hear them both at the same time). You can hook 4 cameras up (lol incase you decide to have 2 more kids).Now I LOVED my summer infant monitor! It had a big screen and a hand held and other than the fact I dropped it down the stairs and the the hand held broke I probably wouldn't have purchased another one.This monitor has a strange - almost delayed look to it. It's not that big of a deal it's just something I'm not used to (summer infant was a bit crisper). It has a cool feature that you can talk to the kids in their rooms through the camera which I've used often (great for telling them to go back to bed). The camera itself is a round circle of lights- a bit of a distraction for the kids... until they get used to it (or we put duct tape over the light like we did with the summer infant camera light). The camera is a bit top heavy... attaching it to a wall works great in my son's room. My husband has my daughters camera set up on her curtain... but I'm not sure it will stay very long (it might end up on the wall as well).The monitor says you can take pictures of the kids through the camera... but I can't see the quality being very good (they're in the dark for goodness sake). We haven't tested that feature out- I'm not sure we ever will since that's not why we purchased it.This was the ONLY secure monitor I could find on the market. And after there was a news feature about people linking into non-secure baby monitors I didn't feel very comfortable with the summer infant one.We (or shall I say I since I'm the one who monitors the kids during the day and night) still have to get used to it. It's a bit more delicate than the summer one (lol I used to just roll over and hit the top button to check on the kids) it's kind of like a cell phone, it has smaller tiny buttons. On the plus side it does take up less space on my night table.  But since it is so small it only has 4 voice levels.  So when I'm taking a shower while the kids are napping... I can't always hear them over the water (even when the volume is up all the way).The reviews online said that the customer service wasn't very good- but I gave them a call and although they were in another country (I could tell by their voice) they answered my question without any problem. My question was if you had 2 cameras hooked to one monitor did you hear both audios? you can only hear the camera hooked up to camera 1... so we decided to purchase 2 monitors (specifically for night time). Amazon had a deal going where they were $99 per set (cheaper than the summer infant i had).** After using these monitors for a few months we've found they KILL our wireless connection.  It only happens when they are both on (I have one turned off right now to write this review).  It happens when the monitors are too close together.  So if I put one across the room my connection is ok (but what's the point of that when I'm trying to monitor BOTH kids).  No one else mentioned this in their reviews but than again no one was using 2 separate units to monitor 2 kids.  Due to this issue (we ONLY use laptops in our home) I doubt I would have purchased this monitor.  It can be quite a pain in the you know what when you're trying to do something on line and your connection stops because the monitors are on.  So beware... if you're buying more than one entire unit... your internet connection may be compromised.I know this was long winded but I though you should know the details. A monitor needs to last a long time and they aren't cheap. Buying the right one is always a challenge. And with a new baby coming it should be one less thing on your mind :)  Too bad you couldn't "test" it out for a few weeks before you purchased a baby monitor!