I purchased the Economy Package and added a few additional motion sensors.I live in a rural area where T-Mobile service is spotty at best so when I placed my order I specified the Verizon GSM option. Although I have Verizon mobile service, there are areas in my house where reception is very poor. One of the reasons that I chose SimpliSafe is because of the 60 day trial period. If the GSM connection didn't perform, I intended to return the system. I've had the system just under a month with no GSM issues.As almost everyone has stated, the setup / installation was quite easy and straightforward. As I wasn't sure about the GSM connection, I elected to install all the sensors with the adhesive tape on the back of the devices rather than the screws.My first complaint is trivial but one of those annoying items that could easily be remedied. The suggested and logical location for the motion sensors is in the corner. In fact the motion sensor housing is molded so that it can attach to the two walls. It can also be attached to a single wall using the flat surface on the back. The adhesive tape on the back of the motion sensor is positioned on this flat surface in the center, There is no adhesive tape on the molded areas that attach to the two walls when positioned in the corner. So the first thing I found myself doing was using the extra adhesive tape on the first couple of motion sensors and then  running down to the hardware store to purchase some double-sided adhesive to complete the installation of the remaining motion sensors.I was a bit worried about using just the adhesive to attach the sensors but didn't want screw holes in the walls and trim in case I ended up returning the system. Sure enough, one of the sensors fell off the wall and triggered an alarm while I was away. The dispatch service was unable to contact me so police where dispatched on a false alarm. The alarm that fell was the transmitter module of an entry alarm. The alarm was positioned about 6 feet above ground in a shed across the driveway. The good news is that the module still works. I re-attached it with the screws. When I tried to remove the corresponding magnetic module of the entry alarm I could not peel it from the door trim. I ended up removing the cover and screwing it in through the adhesive. Maybe it was a bad bit of adhesive or maybe it was because the shed is quite a bit colder and the adhesive didn't take as well. All the other components are firmly attached with adhesive only, but I will be adding screws as I've decided to keep the system.The component in the shed is the furthest from the base control and I am impressed that it is within range.I added the key chain remote to my key ring which I keep in my front pocket. While I was carrying some boxes into the garage, I must have pressed against a box, with the remote, because the alarm was enabled. The siren went off and I disabled the alarm at the keypad. This happened during the '3 day'learning period' so there was no dispatch. As a result, I've disabled the Panic Button on the remote. Also, I learned that the alarm siren is not very loud. It might be okay in an apartment building, but I live in a single family house and I doubt any of my neighbors would take notice. I will be adding the external siren component in the near future.I gave the system 4 stars rather than 5 because I don't like the fact that an alert is transmitted after the entry delay expires. Given that there are decals on the windows and a sign on the front lawn, it doesn't take much on-line research to determine what the base unit looks like and the shortcomings. If the software triggered an alert immediately and then cancelled the alert if the system was disarmed during the entry delay, I would have given the product 5 stars. The entry delay is however configurable and can be set at zero seconds which results in an immediate alert. I've set the entry delay on my system to 15 seconds which gives me time to fumble once and still disarm the alarm.Thus far the cat has not caused any of the 5 motion sensors in my configuration to trigger.Unless you have a real good memory or subscribe to the enhanced monitoring, I suggest you carry a small cheat sheet in your wallet with the component serial numbers. If a component does raise an alert, the only way to determine which component raised the alert is from the serial number. If you subscribe to the enhanced monitoring, the software allows you to 'name' each component.I would recommend this product to a friend or family.