The Lorex LW2731 package comes with a 7 inch full colour LCD monitor and one security camera.  The monitor is a bit on the small side coming in at 7 inches but supports up to 4 video feeds. The camera is also a tad on the largish side measuring around 4 inches (much larger than a webcam) but has built in LED lights for illumination.When I received this unit I thought I would set up the camera at the front of my house on the porch overhang pointing at my front door.  This proved to be a bit of a pain in that both the camera and the monitor require mains power (no battery option).  The power adapter for the camera, although it has a fairly generous amount of chord, was not enough to put the camera where I wanted so I had to rethink.  Another problem with this is that you end up having to drill a hole through your wall in which to put the power cable, so not a quick easy solution.This leads me to another point. If a thief or whomever is determined to break into your house, then its a very simple case of just having to snip the wire and the camera won't work.  It would have been much better for the camera at least to run off batteries.The wireless part of this unit is the video feed from the camera to the monitor, not the monitor to your home network.  You have the ability to view the camera feed over skype (a good option) so that you can see your video feeds from anyplace, however in order to do this you must hook the monitor into your computer (cable supplied) and leave your computer running all the time (you must also remember to turn off power saving features on your computer).The video quality that the camera transmits is excellent. Better than some of the security camera footage you see on the news and the camera works very well whether in bright light or with the aid of the built in LEDs and sensor at night.The range of the wireless feed seems to be good.  I couldn't find anyplace in my 3 story house where I couldn't pick up the video feed, even when I placed the camera in the top corner of a bedroom on the top floor and took the monitor down to the opposite corner of my bottom floor, so it was travelling a fair distance and through a lot of wood and concrete.If you are thinking of buying this unit to monitor the outside of your house (which I think most people would), then be prepared to have to do some work and drill holes in your walls to do this.  Also be prepared to have to rethink where you wish to put the camera due to the power cables length. This is a major shortcoming of this unit in my opinion.If you are just looking to monitor the inside of your house or small business then this unit will work great, with the addition of some extra cameras.Overall then, a good security system once setup but has some fairly big flaws.