If you are looking for a budget outdoor IP camera, I would say this camera fits that bill, but there are some caveats.Pros:Low cost, durable quality and decent image.Cons:Non existent tech support and technical information and bad software.  Also, the remote access feature does not work if you have a WIMAX internet service ( true for most IP cams that rely on port forwarding for remote access).  Has an internal SD card slot that requires voiding the warranty to access.VIDEO QUALITY:While this camera does do what it is designed for, there are a few things that you should know about it.  One it is a standard VGA video unit. Don't let the H.264 fool you into thinking you are getting a higher quality. H.264 refers to the video compression standard. That being said, I would say that the video from this camera might be ever so slightly clearer compared to my Foscam FI8910 IP camera.BUILD QUALITY:As far as the build of the camera, structurally it feels solid and well built.SOFTWARE:This camera comes bundled with  IP Camera Super Client.  This software is not fully compatible with the firmware of the camera.  While some features work well, other features like modifying motion detection sensitivity do not work well with the firmware of the camera.  The camera does have a web interface that works well, but is very limited compared to the functionality of the IP Camera Super ClientTECHNICAL SUPPORT:LOL! What techincal support.  Just to give you an idea of how "Fly By Night" this ESKY company is, go to their website and see for yourself that the H6800 is not even listed in their product line. Try doing a site search for H6800 and you will get no results.  I have spent hours trying to find an actual manual for the H6800.  It does not exist.  Honestly though, there are several other cameras offered by Foscam and others that look identical to this one and also do not have any technical manuals or information that apply specifically to this model.  I tried to give ESKY a call but both numbers I tried went straight to an old fashion cheap answering machine (you know, the "Please leave your name and number" kind you used to have in with your land line in the 1990s) with no option to hold.THE MYSTERIOUS SD CARD SLOT:The H6800 is advertised as having a Micro SD card slot that will hold up to a 32Gb card.  I have search this camera over with a fine tooth comb and this card slot does not exist. There are no official instructions anywhere on the internet as to where this card slot is or the proper way to access it.  Some have said that the slot is located inside the camera.  The only way to get inside the camera is to take it apart which will break the warranty seal voiding the warranty. Even so, I have tried opening the camera up, but could not find a way to do it without causing potential damage to camera. At risk of breaking the camera, I took the back off and looked inside the camera.  There was no SD card slot visible. After trying unsuccessfully to find a way to get the guts of the camera out of the without breaking something, I put it back to gather and prayed that it still worked.  Bottom line.  Until I see an "OFFICIAL" set of detail instructions (that currently does not exist) on how to insert an SD card into this camera without voiding the warranty, I am going to say that, for all intents and purpose, this camera does not have the "Advertised" micro sd slot, or at least not one that is accessible to the common person.REMOTE ACCESS:I live out in the country with no options for high speed internet access other then WIMAX.  I have great service and can watch online streaming video from Netflix or Amazon Video with no problem.  But because of the router hardware needed to get service to me, I cannot access remotely IP cameras that depend on port forwarding.  So if you have WIMAX internet service, just know that you will not be able to remotely access this camera.THE BOTTOM LINE:For what it is, it does an okay job if all you are looking for is a basic VGA outdoor camera.  If you needs are beyond that, or God forbid you needs some technical help, you are plumb out of luck.