The LorexBaby Care 'n' Share baby monitor includes everything you need to have a full mobile video feed to keep an eye and an ear on your bundle of joy.  The kit consists of a broadcast module that you place in the room with the baby and a handheld receiver module that you carry around with you.I found the range of the LorexBaby kit to be quite good.  I have a fairly large house (~3000 square feet) and I was able to go anywhere in my house, upstairs or down, and I never lost reception or had difficulties.  I do have a newer house with an open floor plan, so there aren't as many walls to go through as older houses, so that may have helped me.  No setup is required, and the kit does not use your wifi network by default; everything works the moment you power it on.Picture quality isn't what you'd get on a high definition television, but you can see what is going on in the cradle.  The camera has an automatic nightvision mode so you can even see in the dark.  This works well and gives you a usable view at all times of the day/night.  The camera viewing angle is fairly limited so you have to be careful with how you direct the camera.  This makes it acceptable for a cradle or playpen, but not usable for monitoring an entire room or large play area.The receiver module has a band of LEDs that light up when your baby is making noise.  Even if you have the audio muted, you can keep an eye on these and then listen in when you see them lighting up.  This way you don't have to listen to the hiss of the microphone all day but can still tell when the baby needs attention.The receiver module has a built-in rechargeable battery so that you don't have to leave it plugged in all the time.  With video display enabled, I was able to use this for about 2 hours before it ran out of power.  Battery life goes up considerably if you use audio-only.  I like that the receiver module has a small arm that slips out to hold it upright so you can set it on the counter like a picture frame.A few other features of the LorexBaby Care 'n' Share are a temperature sensor, a microphone for talking to your baby, and a remotely controlled nightlight that you can use to give the baby some light.  All of these work fine.  The night light puts out the faintest of light and wouldn't help you walk around the room but does give the baby a little light if they like that.  Voice quality when using the microphone is pretty bad.  I tried talking to my wife and she had a hard time understanding me.  You can add a microSD card to the receiver module so that you can record footage of your baby or to take  snapshots.I am having a significant problem with my LorexBaby Care 'n' Share that will cause me to contact Lorex support.  The battery in the receiver module often refuses to charge.  I can plug in the receiver and use it on wall-power all day long, but 99% of the time, it doesn't actually charge the battery.  This leaves me with a depleted battery, even if I had it turned off and plugged in all night long.  I'm assuming this is a hardware issue that will require Lorex to send me a replacement.My sister-n-law has a Philips baby monitor that she spent about $200 on.  It costs twice as much, but it is at least twice as nice.  For my money, I'd rather have the Philips unit.A few other notes after using for a month:+ the zoom feature works really well and has a very sharp/clear picture.- the zoom button broke within weeks of using the unit, it is not well built+ the small footprint of the camera is appreciated+ the night light is useful- the bluish color of the night light could be improved upon+ the included cable clips for mounting the camera are appreciated; babies like to pull on stuff+ colors are sometimes off (though no worse than other baby cameras that I've seen)+ the temperature alarm feature is appreciated- lets us know if the baby's room gets too hot or cold