I have been researching this system (among many) extensively since my house was burglarized, so I thought that I knew all of its pros and cons.  After just receiving it and hooking it up, I have been pleasantly surprised that the negative reviews I've read have been overblown for the most part, and the positives have been more or less accurate.The one negative review that I read, and that I have realized was very accurate, was that the indoor camera does seem quite worthless unless your house has at least one light on in a room at any given time.  The indoor camera is shockingly functional with even a dim lamp, but worthless at night when it's 100% dark.  In my opinion, not even small enough to justify buying it to not be detected.  Read on...The coolest part of this system by far (and I sorely wish that I had ordered two of these instead of the indoor camera) is the outdoor camera.  I could not get enough fun out of the night vision last night in my house and how clear the black and white image really is.  I took my laptop to bed and had the software up and running just to see what was going on in my empty kitchen at night whenever I wanted to (keep in mind m recent burglary).  I agree with several reviews that I have read saying to invest in only the outdoor cameras and to ignore the indoor ones and I agree 100%.  I am regretting even messing with the indoor version, but I doubt that I can return it as it was a part of a master system, so I will just find an effective use for it!Overall, this system was easy to use, though to save time I would suggest downloading the software installer from Logitech's website rather than from the CD in the package because there are a ton of updates to the product since the CD version came out.  My biggest complaints are Logitech's struggles to clearly define why I should spend $80 per year for the premium software vs. using the free live feed viewer that comes with the "Master System."  Unless Logitech was saving videos from my cameras when my computer and I were away (for later viewing if a camera/memory card gets stolen by some jerk), then I don't understand the need to pay for the premium setup.  I am unclear if this is an option, and it is disappointing to me because the burglars who hit my house were serial burglars and they spent a lot of time to not miss an inch of stuff...the cameras would soon be spotted and stolen (along with the memory cards)!As far as ease of use, my grandma couldn't figure it out, but I'm 27 and it wasn't difficult at all.  This product would get a five-star rating from me, but it has a lot of potential that isn't being offered as far as I'm concerned.  It still gets a four-star rating and it's fun to play with!