UPDATE:  Even beyond the problems listed below, I did not realize that these are only Sata II drives.  Yes, shame on me for not reading the fine print (the information was NOT in the title when I purchased these), but who in the *%&$# is still selling Sata II drives these days?!  That should not be something I need to pay attention to, especially when the EXACT SAME RE4 SATA III DRIVE IS THE SAME PRICE.  So... DO *NOT* BUY THESE DRIVES.  Buy the faster SATA III for the EXACT SAME PRICE.I'm pretty ticked off.  I was sent a resold drive that has NO WARRANTY.It annoys the heck out of me when I order from Amazon, using the same link, but I get two different products (from two different vendors, especially when one of the products is from a SHADY VENDOR SELLING ITEMS THEY SHOULDN'T BE SELLING).Two weeks ago I ordered a 2TB WD enterprise RE4 disk from Amazon.  It was shipped by SERVERTECH INC and the model number on the drive is WD2003FYYS-02W0B1 (this is a valid product with a proper warranty).Two weeks later I ordered the EXACT same drive from the EXACT same link, but it was shipped by Aeon Micro, Inc., and the model number is WD2003FYYS-18W0B0.Not only did the second drive have a different model number, but it DOES NOT have a Western Digital label.  Instead, the label looks more generic and states "Enterprise class certified by Dell."  When I entered the serial number to register on the WD site, the information showed that this drive is a NO WARRANTY drive.  The exact wording from the WD site is: "Product was originally sold to a system manufacturer. Please contact the system manufacturer or the place of purchase for warranty service." I'm ticked off to say the least.I am still giving four stars because these drives are solid and amazing and I believe these reviews should be about the product, not Amazon's failures, but hopefully Amazon works harder to provide the same item instead of switching vendors for the same link every two weeks or so.  If I am given ANY flack about returning this drive to receive a PROPER one, I am going to be REALLY angry.  I will already be out the time taken to ship (and now ship back and receive a new one), not to mention the effort to repackage, go to the shipping facility, and ship the drive back to Amazon.ALWAYS GO TO THE MANUFACTURER'S SITE TO REGISTER YOUR DRIVES IMMEDIATELY UPON RECEIVING THEM. This is the quickest and easiest way to find out if you have been sold a legitimate drive (I wasn't).***UPDATE: It should be noted that Aeon Micro was extremely quick (less than 12 hours) to remedy the situation.  I was sent an RMA and postage paid shipping label, and they actually over-nighted a brand new drive (manufactured in March of this year) with the appropriate WD label even before I returned the drive that had been manufactured for Dell builds and resale.  I'm still not sure why Aeon would ship out drives sold specifically as "system build" drives for Dell (and thus carrying NO warranty from the manufacturer), especially as fulfillment from an Amazon link showing original WD-labeled OEM drives, but they were quick to remedy the problem ONCE I POINTED IT OUT.  I'm not sure every consumer knows to check their drive on the manufacturer's website upon receiving (I only knew because I had read about a similar problem in another Amazon review).  So... the way the problem was handled was *excellent*, but it's still a problem that should never have occurred in the first place.