After researching which wifi camera to get, it came down to this being the best option for my husband and I for a number of reasons, the most important being:1. We can access the camera via each of our iPhones, iPads, MacBook & PC.2. We currently only have/need 1 camera, however, in the future we can access multiple cameras on a single device with split screens without having to have a separate device or app for each different camera, this was really the biggest deal breaker for us.3. The customer support reviews were very favorable.Upon receiving the camera, I was very anxious to get it all set up, which was very easy given the installation disc and setup instructions. I was immediately pleased with everything about the camera: a. The sleek look of the camera b. The functionality of being able to move the camera around easily from room to room as needed, or the capability to mount it if so desired. c. The great picture quality in light and dark rooms d. The included ethernet cable (for setup) as I didn't have a spare one kicking around.Everything was perfect, until I realized that I was not able to view my camera externally, from outside of our network or on 3G. So then I went about reading their troubleshooting guide till I felt I had it all memorized and yet nothing had worked.  I then submitted a trouble ticket and had a response within JUST HOURS!!I ended up being helped by, Errol, who is an outstanding support technician! I opted for my assistance to be via remote screen support and Errol got right to work and within minutes he figured out the issue that was preventing my being able to view our camera externally.  It really had nothing to do with Wifi Baby being overly complicated (as I've read in some other reviews), it was really the way our ISP set up our router(s) on our property.  I called my ISP to have them reconfigure some of my settings and Errol waited VERY PATIENTLY on the line for an HOUR back and forth. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to resolve my configuration issues right away so I had to contact Errol again a couple days later when I had things in order.Once I contacted Errol to finish my setup, he connected remotely to my screen again and within 10 minutes, he had my external viewing set up on my computer and on my phones! This experience was so incredibly outstanding, it truly puts the SUPPORT in customer support! Did I mention the awesome hours that they are available to assist? Well, I am pretty sure they are available to help well into the evening, perhaps 9PM? Errol really was a pleasure to deal with and I would certainly refer every single one of my friends/family to purchase this product, if nothing other than for the outstanding one on one true customer support available to you, if you need it!DEFINITELY choose this camera, I'm sure glad we did!P.S.There is a separate third party app to purchase (I think $11.99) that works with this camera, however, it is not mandatory so if that is really a deal breaker for you then keep that in mind.  Personally, I like the app and think that it's ease of use is well worth the money, but again, not mandatory.