I was looking for a new video baby monitor so I could keep an eye on my 20 month old and soon-to-be newborn. I had such a hard time trying to find a monitor that would give me all the features I needed...-Multiple Screens with ability to stay on one, look at multiple at the same time, or jump between cameras every 8 seconds or so-Won't shut off the sound if baby isn't making any noise. I want the sound on all the time, no matter what.-Easily PortableBUT I FOUND IT! This Lorex LW2003 Snap Video Monitor gives me everything I need...AND MORE! I wasn't looking for the 2-way voice feature, but it comes in handy. I can hold the button down and tell my daughter to lay down and go to bed and after she looks around to find out where it came from, she lays down. I think this feature will be handy when she moves into her big girl bed and gets out of bed. I ordered two, so I have two cameras and two monitors. I figured that a whole 2nd set purchase versus the extra camera was worth it because there wasn't too much of a price difference (maybe $70 to purchase a whole other set), plus, if we ever broke one monitor we would have a back up, or, because my husband and I sleep in separate rooms, he could keep a monitor in his room of our 20 month old and I could keep a monitor in my room of our newborn. As soon as the monitors arrived I set them up...and they worked like a charm. They were SO easy to set up. I can't look at the same camera on both monitors, but that's fine. I can look at camera 1 on 1 monitor and camera 2 on the 2nd monitor, so I'm fine with that. And I can look at camera 1 and camera 2 on one monitor if the other monitor is turned off, so I have many options. I knew that when I removed the monitor from the base that it would stay on because it has a battery pack, but I was suprised to see that even when I unplugged the camera it stayed on. I could view myself on the monitor walking through the house with the camera. There is a terrible noise that is created when the monitor and camera are too close to each other, but it's not often that that would happen anyway. The night vision is great and the color during the day is great, too. I love the power save feature so the screen shuts off after 15 seconds (you can choose that it shuts off after a minute or doesn't shut off at all, too) so I don't have a blinding light during the night, and the sound stays on the whole time while the screen is off. There are 4 different sound levels, which is nice because I need it quieter because I wake up easier but my husband needs it louder so he will wake up to her making noise. I really don't have anything bad to say about this camera and monitor. It is SUCH a good deal for the price and it is exactly what we were looking for.