Having purchased the Uniden Guardian Camera surveillance system model G 755, I am extremely disappointed with it's performance, or lack therof, together with a lack of support from Uniden Co. Having said that, if you are buying the system to monitor a baby, or maybe if you have a retail store and want to see what is going on from your office at the back, then I think you will be happy.I had intended using this for home security and found it gave a good picture of the 200' driveway leading up to the house. I installed the monitor in my home office and hooked it up to a desktop PC through a router. In addition to the picture on the monitor I was able to get a clear picture on my computer monitor. The software provided for the ability to record from the pc either continually until stopped or momentarily for a snapshot, and to store such images on the computer hard drive.  No matter what I did and how many times I downloaded the software and reinstalled I could not make this feature work at all!  I also installed the software on a laptop but could not get an image of any kind. In fact I tried it on three different laptops without a result.  I also tried installing it onto another desktop pc at my office for remote viewing - again with no success, even though this was hooked up to a differnt isp to that at my house.Uniden's website advised to make sure that the software used was current and to compare the version with the current one. However, there was nowhere on their website showing the version of their software available for download. I came to the conclusion that there was only one version, period! There were no updates in spite of claims to the contrary.Frustrated with the time and effort I had put in, I emailed Uniden with details of my experience with remote viewing. Their site stated that I would receive a response within 3 days. Two weeks later I have not had a response. In desperation I phoned them and was on hold for 40 minutes, I finally got through to someone who did not seem to have a clue and totally unfamiliar with the product. I was put on hold another ten minutes before I had someone who was familiar. Bottom line was that he seemed to think that the problems were because I was using windows 7 64bit. Funny thing I did get an image on my home desktop but not with any of the other laptops, all of which were running the same OS. I was told that they are working on a solution but at that pont cannot give any timeframe, but would email me when they have a solution!Following that useless contact, I tried installing it at my office onto an old pc which was running Windows XP, and yes, I was able to view the image remotely, although the snapshot and record functions did not work. As all of my laptops are running Windows 7 and I have no intention of downgrading those operating systems, I am returning the Uniden System, and will make a point of not buying anything made by that company again, not because I have experienced bugs but because of their deplorable customer service.