I wrote the review below before this camera began to fall apart. As you can see, I bought this camera earlier this year. About 6 months ago to be exact. Since then I've had to replace the camera and the monitor portion just recently broke. The monitor base, where it connects to charge the camera, was placed at an awkward angle making it hard to get on. I struggled with this from the beginning but thought I'd get the hang of it. No, that didn't happen. Every time I put the monitor on the base it takes a lot of fumbling around. Finally, last night, the connector piece on the monitor just caved in - no doubt this was due to the shoddy design. I don't understand why anyone would design this so that these two piece would have to connect at an angle?Aside from that, I've increasingly had trouble with interception. If your house it set up with wireless access, and the monitor is too close to a device like a laptop, you might lose your connection to the wireless. I'm not quite sure how this works but I'd constantly have to move the monitor away from my laptop so that I could get onto the internet. Again, technologically this makes no sense. But I consistently had to move the monitor away from my laptop to connect.The last thing that started to happen was that the monitor and camera began to lose connection. Over and over again and I couldn't figure out why. It would go out every 5 seconds. I'd have to go up into the baby's room and jiggle the camera and it would after several minutes, mysteriously start to work again.Now, like I mentioned above, the monitor is unusable now because it is not chargeable. I guess I should have waited a few months before writing my first review. These cameras/monitors are shoddily designed and built and I can't see them lasting for more than 8 months.-------------------------------------------------------Before having this monitor I wrote monitors off as just another unnecessary gadget intended to fleece anxious parents. But with a two-story house and unpredictable napper on my hands, this camera really gave me a level of freedom I didn't have sans camera. Reception is generally good although the screen goes black from time to time (I just turn the monitor on and off again and the picture is back). I love the two-way speaker function so I can assure the little one that I'm nearby. The portability is a big plus and it doesn't need to be charged too often. It's simple to use and has a lot of functionality for the price. it does have a couple of annoying design flaws with they could have easily remedied with a few real-life tests. As someone mentioned in another review (one that I ignored obviously) the red and green lights on the front can be a distraction for a sleeping baby. If my baby rolls over and happens to see the light, he's immediately alert; the next thing I see is a little open, drooling mouth coming towards the camera. The lights could have easily been placed on the back or the side. Also, if you turn on the monitor and the camera happens to be off, it makes an annoying beeping noise. This too will wake up light sleepers. The monitor already tells you that the camera is off; why the beeping? despite these shortcomings, I'm quite happy with it.