As a Z-wave hobbyist, I am accustomed to items that work, but only after lots of fiddling and experimentation (e.g. Vera 2, Vera 3). Setting up cameras on Blue Iris is so much easier than setting up cameras on any Vera. Though you can manually set up a camera by telling Iris what URL to use to get a snapshot from the camera, the software is already set up with a plethora of camera models for which such information is already programmed. Chances are that yours is already on the list. All you really need to know is the camera's IP address. I recommend getting an IP scanner for this purpose. I use an iPhone app that scans my entire network and tells me the IP address of everything on it. Cheap and reliable.For each camera, you can set up separate settings. For example, I have a camera on my front porch that allows me to see when a delivery is made. Whenever this camera or my back door camera senses motion, it sends an email to me with a couple of still shots and sends still shots covering the time of the motion to my free DropBox account. That way, if something happens to the Blue Iris computer (i.e., some jerk steals it), then I still have the pictures of the perp to show the police. I have another camera that faces the street so I can see whether or not the mail man has made his rounds. I don't want to get an email every time a car goes by, so this one just records a video clip to the PC Iris is installed on. Then, I can review the clips to see if the mail man has been by and admire any dogs that might have passed by in the meantime.I have a friend who works at a food pantry in a bad part of town. I am considering using Blue Iris on a cheap PC to provide her with visibility of the front and back doors and to notify her when clients arrive (or someone tries to break in the back door) since she cannot see either door from her work area. Iris can have the PC play a noise whenever motion is detected on a camera. The noise can be different for each camera. I'm thinking the front door camera will play a door bell noise when someone walks in the front door, and the back door camera will play a siren noise when someone attempts entry through the back door. I'll probably set up a DropBox account for her so clips from the back door camera go straight to it. Also, you can set Iris to do different things at different times, so I might try having the front door camera recording clips to DropBox when motion is sensed after hours. You can also set Iris to send emails to you when motion is sensed after hours, so you can know if your business has been broken into.Blue Iris isn't perfect. When set to full motion sensitivity, I get alerts caused by the shadow of a cloud passing in front of the camera. If I reduce the sensitivity, I miss motion events. So, I just leave it turned full sensitivity and deal with the false positives. Also, Foscam cameras will cause trouble (momentarily lost signals) when used on WiFi. I try to put these cameras on Ethernet whenever possible, but I do have two on WiFi that still work reasonably well. Of course, the stronger the WiFi signal is, the less trouble you will have with these cameras.