We've only had this camera for a couple of weeks, but so far it is a decent camera for the price. We used it to supplement a Trendnet TV-IP110W on the opposite side of the house.Here's my thoughts:Color: Daytime color (especially greens) is correct as they advertise. Personally this isn't really that important of a point with me, but both my Trendnet, and several Foscam 8918 don't have this feature. This is one of the main selling points on this camera but I really don't care that much.Focus: not that impressive. Out of the box the camera is clearly out of focus. Not badly, but you can't help but notice it. The focus on the much older Trendnet is significantly better. For those who haven't found it out elsewhere, it is possible to adjust the focus but you have to mostly disassemble the camera to do it. There is an internal screw that has to be removed to adjust the lens focus. Amazon won't let me post a link, but if you google "foscam FI8905W VIDEO TUTORIAL CHANGING THE LENS" the first link shows how to disassemble the camera. You don't need to actually remove the lens, but you need to dismantle the camera to the point that you could remove it. Specially, you need to remove the screw that goes in perpendicular to the lens that holds the focus. Once you remove it, you can screw the lens to adjust the focus. Bear in mind, I still wasn't able to get the focus perfect after doing all this but it did improve.Night vision: very good. The trendnet is in an outdoor enclosure (also by trendnet) but it is basically useless at night. We just ordered a second Agasio A603W to replace it as a result. While not excellent, it is more than adequate even at a distance. The 50ft claim is believable.If you are expecting to read news print at 50 feet in pitch blackness from a $100 camera, you'll probably be disappointed. If you have reasonable expectations, you'll be happy. One thing I did notice though, we had a 3-bulb lamppost in our front yard and with it on at night the 3 lights tended to overpower the shot quite a bit. The image was much better after turning it off.Lens: the 4mm viewing angle is decent and covers a nice area.Setup: I had no problems setting the camera up at all. It came with a preset IP in the 192.168.1.X range unlike my foscams so I didn't need the installer cd to set it up. In fact, the default IP, username, and PW were actually on a sticker right on the camera so I didn't even need to open the manual or consult any setup guide.Other notes:The camera got condensation on the inside of the screw-on cover the other day. The camera was in a spot where a sprinkler was hitting it and I noticed that the cover wasn't screwed on fully when I disassembled it to adjust the focus. Time will tell as to whether it happens again now (the sprinkler has been moved.) Update: Several months later the camera seems to be fine. No reoccurance.Also, if you need to set the camera up on any software, you can identify it as a Foscam FI8905W. The Foscam is the nearly-identical sibling camera to the A603W (though there is the side note that: I haven't actually changed the lens on this camera myself, but supposedly the lens in the Agasio is NOT a standard CCTV lens unlike the Foscam. The lens it comes with works fine for me though.) This setting worked fine for IP Cam Viewer for the Android.Support: can't say I've had to call Agasio yet, so I can't vouch for tech support one way or the other. Based on other reviews, if tech support is a big thing for you, I wouldn't expect much.----------------------Updated May 27, 2014Back in December I had a camera fail after a year and a half and so I ordered a replacement. Now, the replacement has also failed only 6 months later. Haven't had a chance to try and get it warranted yet; from what I've read, I'm not expecting it to go smoothly. Because of questionable longevity, I'm not sure I would still recommend them at this point.