I have over 15 D-Link IP Cameras.  Prior to that I ran a Logitech solution with 10 cameras.  Starting with the 930L  through all the recently released models.  I have 3 of the 7010's.  As you can see some folks rate these cameras from D-Link as garbage, and the next review has 5 stars.  I have more than the average persons ability when it comes to networks, computers, software and most importantly tenacity.Let me give you some advise if you are thinking of buying these or any IP cameras and installing your self.1.  If you think this might work for you with the help of " tech support line ". Don' t buy it.  You need the ability to read and do tis yourself.  Additionally you need to be pretty good at figuring out technical problems by your self. All the documentation will get you about 70% of what you need to install a networked solution with a local cloud for your recordings.  If you are fine with just the My D Link real time access,  computer, iPhone, iPad access then someone with a good working knowledge of systems can make this work.2.  All the Cameras that are "New" with release dates within the last 3 - 5 months;  the firmware will not support all the cameras features properly.  It takes them until version 1.03 typically to get it to settle down.  Additionally, as they enhance the browser interface on newer models they don't go back and keep all currently " being sold models"  consistent from a firmware prospective, and how you use the options within the firmware.  It is a perpetual learning curve as you add additional newer models to your network.3.  The D View server software; historically it was a joke. It did not even support the models released within the last 24 months, not to mention the bugs.  However, in the last 6 months I have been amazed.  All the new cameras I bought D- View actually supported the model.  Like 7010L , 2230L, 2130L, 942L, 5222L, etc.4.  The iPhone support has gotten a lot better.  By that I mean it supports the resolution, and specific features.  The iPad app has a resolution like a 1962 TV even with HD cameras and a proper network.  It is the app, not your network.5.  The SD option on most of the newer models is a good option and works. However how it works is different with each model and not as a result of different capabilities of the camera from model to model.  Again with the lack of  a consistent approach to firmware user/ feature interface.So if you have the skill, these are great for the money with multiple options on deployment.  None of my cameras, not one over more than 2 years has failed.  Where in the world can you get 720 HD cameras with Ok night  vision IR,  SD local card support,  mic, speaker and POE option in door for $150+ ,  outdoor for. $240 or so.  My D Link at No Charge, D View network server software as well.I don' t want to insult anyone but if you think you can get all of the above plus 24/7 tech support to hold your hand and make this work for you ...... You need to hirer someone to install and troubleshoot your camera network.  I imagine if you keep it simple, like 2 or 3 cameras and are happy with just the My D Link option it can easily be done.Have fun,  ". Creative spelling complements of my Smart Phone "