This thing is actually pretty cool.  Setup is easy - just pop in the supplied rechargeable battery into the handheld unit and plug it in to charge.  The handheld can be used while charging, or you can wait till it's fully charged.  I have mine on my desk and will probably use it while plugged into the adapter since I'm always here working anyway, but since it's plugged in, the battery will always be charged and ready to go.  There's a belt clip on the back that doubles as a kickstand to keep the unit standing upright on a desk or table.Next, pop 4AAA batteries into the camera (not incl.) or use it wired via a second power adapter.  As far as setup, that's really pretty much all you need to do.  Just turn on the camera and the handheld unit, and you're good to go.  The camera can also be mounted using the included hardware mount.The lullaby feature, nightlight and such, are all pretty self explanatory and easy to use.  The coolest feature being the lullaby - you can select different songs to play from the handheld unit, change songs and even hear them play on the handheld unit itself.  The lullabys don't play very loud on the camera itself, but I wouldn't expect them to.  The nightlight on the camera has nice little stars that glow a gentle yellow, though I wish it could be turned on and off via the handheld unit, same as the lullabys.  The VOX feature turns the handheld screen on if the camera senses tje baby crying or making loud noise, though I don't honestly see using that feature since I'd rather have the handheld screen on all the time, as opposed to just part of the time.  Kind of negates the whole point of this thing, so not a useful feature in my opinion.  The camera also switches automatically between daylight and night vision modes and the quality of the night vision is pretty good.  The handheld unit also has brightness controls to improve the picture if need be.I only have 3 complaints:1)  The power adapters suck.  It was smart to make both the same so there's no confusion, but they both have those big klunky shielding nubs on the end that plugs into the camera and handheld unit.  This might not sound like a big deal, but I promise you won't like it if you want to use the adapter as the power source for the camera or handheld unit.  That big nub makes it impossible to do a nice, clean and unobtrusive wiring job because you've got this 1" x 1.5" cylindrical nub just a few inches from where it plugs into the camera or handheld unit.  I was going to use the adapter on the camera, but that dumb nub looks ugly and there's no way to do a nice wiring job because of it.  All it takes is one seemingly insignificant little thing like that to ruin an otherwise nice product. Probably looked good on paper or was cost effective, but in a working environment, just a very bad idea and totally unnecessary.2)  I have a pet peeve with LED lights on electronics that are too bright for units meant to be used in the dark.  The camera has a large green indicator light that glows green when the batteries are good and/or the power adapter is plugged in and the unit is on.  The LED glows red when the batteries need to be changed.  In daylight, the LED is fine, but at 3AM it feels like a bright spotlight.  There should be a way to turn it off or dim it automatically when the night vision is activated.  It doesn't need to be so big either.  Or they could've positioned it on the back of the unit and made it smaller.  It's not like baby needs to know the status of the batteries.3) Lastly, I really wish they would've had a video out hookup on the handheld unit.  I'd like to have the option of hooking this up to a larger monitor so I can see better.  That, or since it's WiFi, it could've linked into the computer somehow.  Not totally necessary, but it would've been an impressive addition.Overall, I'd say this is a pretty good unit, though I think the price is a little steep.Good Luck! :)