Before I can review this product I need to share some perspective. A friend of mine is getting divorced from an abuser. Since he can no longer hurt her physically he has launched a unending barrage of terror and harassment against her and her kids. Her house has been broken into. Her car and house have been vandalized repeatedly. She is often watched and stalked. Her kids are approached by strangers in cars who ask about personal details. Until she can get some proof the police can't do anything to help.I'm an IT guy - I know how to use technology. I bought the best video capture cards available. I bought a variety of cameras, looking for the best one. I bought the best surveillance software I could find. What I've ended up with is a tremendously flexible but not very stable system that is hard to support. I can use it, but she can't. I simply can't keep the system running for her. It requires restarts and troubleshooting. Not what you need to deal with in this situation.I also tried a pre-packaged DVR with cameras from one of the security companies. It's works, but the camera resolution is quirky, and it's not a windows system. She can use it, but not easily. The video is not accessible via her laptop or the web.Out of sheer frustration I bought this Logitech system with an extra camera. I had her set it up with me - she did most of the work. Twenty minutes after opening the box she had two cameras working perfectly (one issue I mention below). This system is far less flexible than the one I built. But it more than makes up for this in reliability and ease of use. She can easily manage the software. She can easily find and view recordings, and see when motion detected recordings were made on a calendar/timeline. I'm ordering 4 more cameras.There are a few issues: this system is limited to 6 cameras. Given that I have it hosted on 6-core processor system, it seems limiting. I apparently can run two systems on the same house wiring, but this requires two different PCs. I would prefer one PC, but can live with this limitation.The install process the system asks for a "homelink password" with no explanation as to what this is or why you want or need it. This was confusing. Even worse, after entering a password the system could not find the cameras. Apparently entering a password caused a firewall issue that I easily corrected. Most people would never suspect that it was firewall issue. Logitech needs to do a better job on documentation and help with this feature. I still don't know why I was asked to enter a password or what protection it adds. This was a minor issue included here in case it's helpful to others.WARNING: adding a Homelink password made it nearly impossible to add additional cameras. The system is looking for cameras with the same password, which new cameras don't have. If you remove the password you have to reset any existing cameras to remove the password. This feels like a quickly implemented feature that is poorly documented and not very well thought out. I would avoid using this feature - it cost me about 3 hours of troubleshooting and angst. Logitech, you can do better than this. (I reduced my review from 5 stars down to 4 for this reason alone. When they get this fixed I will gladly add back that 5th star.)I would like to see a pan/tilt/zoom version of the external camera. It would make them just that much more useful.The cameras seem somewhat expensive. For what they cost I can get an excellent internet cam. However, internet cams don't offer the ease of use and consistency of the Logitech system. After having spent far more time and money than I ever expected playing with security systems, I can say that this system is a good value. It's easy to install, it works well, and anybody can understand it. You are paying for ease of use, reliability, good video quality, and a company that will answer the phone when you call.For somebody who is terrorized this system (should) offers some piece of mind and comfort. This is more than worth the additional cost over individual components or cheaper systems. If you need something that will get going quickly and reliably, that can be installed by a non-technical person, this is the best system I've found by a mile. I'll update this review after a couple of weeks.March 28 update: Now down to two stars. The cameras are fine. The software is terrible. I fight with it every night to keep the cameras connected. There is one camera the software will keep connected reliably. The others are intermittent and often require a reset of the camera to get the connection. Having to get physical access to ever camera every day is simply ridiculous.I recently discovered the these cameras work seamlessly with the BlueIris software, a 3rd party package that is far more flexible than the Logitech software (and without some of the convenience features). I have not had a dropped connection since connecting my cameras to BlueIris. I have no idea why Logitech can't get the software for their own cameras to work correctly, but I have given up on it. It's been too frustrating for too long. BlueIris also does not have a 6 camera limitation - I believe it will support up to 64 cameras.Given this, I can't recommend this package. The software is easy to use has a good user interface. It's a nice package all the way around. Unfortunately it's been terribly unreliable. The cameras work well when connected to BlueIris, but other cameras work well also. Logitech has some work to do on this product before it's ready for to be used where security is a priority.