See the most recent review at the bottom of this post for my current impressions:---ORIGINAL REVIEW 10/31/11---Exactly what the title says. For the price, I got decent quality audio and video out of this thing. Reviews that claim this camera won't setup properly haven't done the due research to get it up and running.  It DOES work, but you need to know what you are doing with the router and port forwarding.Unfortunately this camera just died, 4 months from purchase.  It leaves me wondering if you get what you pay for. We have another wireless camera in the house by Trendnet that was nearly twice the price, but is still going strong at 6 months of age. I'm hoping the reseller will cut me a break here, but I'm not holding my breath... it died in the sweet spot of being out of warranty but still dying way too early for the money spent. :(I'm trying to contact Foscam as well to see if they will stand behind there product.  Will update this review as I hear more from the reseller or Foscam... hoping for some stand out customer service to rave about, otherwise I'll probably never touch a Foscam again. Its sad, because this price point is great, but if they die this quickly, then its worth spending more money for a better product.---UPDATE 11/3/11---I heard back from Foscam US within 2 hours of sending my email- great, prompt response!  They suggested several ways of fixing the camera, but none did the trick... there's a hard reset on the bottom of the camera that can be accessed with a pin or paperclip. You need to hold this down for longer than 30 seconds and it will hard reset your camera.  Unfortunately this did not work out for me.  Foscam does have a 1 year warranty but they only honor it on cameras sold directly from them.  Because I bought it through Amazon from a reseller, they won't honor it.I also contacted the original seller here on Amazon (azsales). They asked me to contact Foscam US directly and give them their name as the reseller to see if Foscam US would honor this warranty.  The seller asked me to contact them again if Foscam US would not honor the warranty.We'll see what happens. I just sent off another email to Foscam US. Hopefully they will accept the warranty, otherwise I'll be sending an email to the reseller and seeing if they can help me out with this faulty camera.  Stay tuned for another update...---UPDATE 12/31/11---Apologies for how long it took me to update this review- I have mostly good news and am pleased with the experience with this camera.  After contacting Foscam directly, I learned that they will not accept returns on this camera if the camera has been purchased from a third party reseller.  In other words, if you don't buy directly from Foscam, you're out of luck on the manufacturer's warranty. So with that info in mind I contacted the amazon reseller I got this from (azsales). They were great, they said they'd send me a new camera if I could ship the broken one back to them.  I did so and they promptly sent me a new working unit. I even asked for a different color this time (we had the black one, but wanted to go white this time in order to match an area of our home better) and they honored that as well.Knowing all this, I'd feel confident ordering this camera again, but ONLY if I bought it directly from Foscam or the Azsales reseller.  Any other reseller of this camera I wouldn't be able to feel confident with since you'd be at their mercy to get the camera replaced.  If you're ordering this camera here at Amazon, just make sure Azsales is the reseller you are getting this from and not some other reseller.New camera works great. Now that I know how to set these up, its a breeze. The only comment I would say is that the speakers on these really aren't that great.  I've had no problem listening to audio through them, but speaking through them is hit or miss. That's not a big deal to me, since speaking through them isn't why I purchased them, but if its a big deal to you, you might want to look at a different model camera.