Just received the camera today (shipped with two day prime) and my first impression is that it is incredible. I searched the internet for quite a while before deciding on this camera. The pricing is excellent! I've seen other camera's for 2 or 3 times this price. I've set it up on my roof to look directly at my barn and arena and the picture quality is outstanding. I'll have to take the lens back off to confirm that it is 6mm as Trivision stated, but whether it's 4mm or 6mm it is perfect. In addition it has a speaker so I can hear the horses or gates opening or whatever. Very good sound quality as well. Setup wasn't too difficult and I've already been able to logon from work and get a perfect picture. No firewall issues at all. I of course setup a password protection so it's not a public feed. Can't tell you how pleased I am with this camera and setup. Ordering a 2nd one immediately and will probably end up with 4 of them, one on each corner of my house. I'll need to check my bandwidth, but as soon as I finish this review I will be calling IP provider to see what it will cost to bump up my speed from 15mb to 20mb or more. I'm somewhat remote so I don't think I can get the 40mb, but with 15mb it looks fabulous. I can't wait until tonight when I can see the night vision capabilities. I have solar lighting down the entire length of my 200 ft driveway so I'm hoping that will help with the ambient lighting and let me see further. I know in Charles video it looked very good in low lighting. This is too cool! I'll update later.......OMG, this camera is so awesome I'm about to pee my pants! It's now dark and I can still see the barn pretty well. I just paced it off and it's approx. 100 feet from the camera. I think the camera is rated for 15 meter night vision, so I'm seeing over double that. Yes, we have almost a full moon which is helping, but I'm amazed. My wife is giddy with this and the fact that she can now monitor the horses remotely. The manual is nice and well written. Not "chinglesh". That probably isn't politically correct, but oh well. My only real question is how does a company that offers such an outstanding product not have a website yet? They say it's coming next month so that will be a good thing. They could easily upload the current manual as a pdf immediately. I will be interested to see how I incorporate a 2nd (and more) camera(s) into my system. I'm going to purchase a dedicated monitor just for the camera's and mount it on my bedroom wall, so that I don't have to toggle back and forth from espn/amazon/security camera. Sorry this got long winded. Simply amazing product!!!