This is a cool gadget and it does work as a surveillance camera over the internet and/or if you have an Iphone with a free Iphone app (no audio on the app). The video is actually good except in low light. It is amazing how basic cameras can produce decent video. However the sound is horrible. I get this buzzing and hissing no matter what room I put it in. And tech support said there was nothing they could do. Keep in mind thought that might be my particular camera or wireless set-up.Which brings me to tech support and setting the camera up to use wirelessly. Do NOT use the instructions. The instructions are going to tell you that you can set up the camera by using the WPS button on your router. At least on mine that wiped out my network settings and made it impossible for computers and phones that had connected before to connect again. My router maker, the highly rated Mediabridge on Amazon, said that every router with a WPS button makes it so that if one device connects that way, they all have to, which is why they don't recommend it. Shame on Dlink for suggesting to use the WPS button when it might mess up people's network settings they use day in day out. That deserves at least a full star off for that alone.So I made multiple calls to tech support. They were always available but not very helpful. But I was able to figure out what to do because I basically figured my only option was to physically connect the camera to my router. You have to manually connect with an Ethernet cable the camera to the back of one of the slots on your router. Then use the Dlink software. This should allow the camera to be found and set up. After you have everything set up and a Mydlink account on the Mydlink page click on camera settings. A new window will open. On that window choose setup and then on the left hand side choose wireless setup. Make sure the SSID has the network name of the network you want to use, if not click site survey and it will look up networks. Then the key to getting it to work not tethered to the router, put in your network password in the Pre-shared key box on the bottom after choosing the correct security you use on your network. Then you should be able to remove the camera from a physical connection to your router and place it where you want. After I did that the camera did take a few minutes to change from red to green, but it does work anywhere now that it has the correct security key.As I mentioned there is an Iphone app. Search for mydlink lite. You have to have already set up your mydlink email and password. Put those in and you can see the video. It does work great but there is no audio, which in my case is fine since the audio scratchiness is unbearable anyway.. It also take surprisingly good pictures and saves them to your camera roll. Tech support kept saying you download the app from our website. And I kept saying that doesn't sound right are you sure the app isn't in the Apple app store? And of course it was in the app store. So it is what it is with their tech support, not impressive. Even with the bad manual and bad tech support I still would have given 4 stars if the audio had been ok. But my audio is unusable. However that might be some quirk with my network connection. But every other job I am asking my router to handle it is doing a superb job. So I either got a lemon audio wise or the audio is a problem. But for a basic surveillance camera, once it is set up it works pretty well. And the Iphone app is a nice fun thing.