Not being a tech girl, I opted to find a wireless security system to allow viewing of outside my home. I didn't want to pay monthly charges for someone to do what I could do. This fits the bill. Plug it in to a power adapter and your set. Mount the camera where you want it, inside or out. I have had mine a little over 2 weeks, and you have the option to record motion only,certain times of day only or opt to record constantly. It does a great job, particularly during the day time. Night time, maybe if I had it installed outdoors it would pick up further, but for now, it is on my patio and picks up about 25-30 ft at night, I think it is due to the infrared reflecting off the screened patio. Daytime is pretty awesome. Can you tell what color someones eyes are, no. But you get the general description of the person or car, and the closer they get the better. I have had no issues like others complaining about the monitor having to be right next to the camera or missed recording. I have moved mine throughout the house and it works fine. Stucco walls. Read some reviews at Best Buy and they have mostly good things to say about it, like picking up from a barn. I picked mine up from HD just in case there was an issue I can look someone in the face or return it if need be. I did opt for a 16gb which I purchased and it records for about 3 days continuous and you can mark it to overwrite day after day as it fills up. I generally go in and view the files on my lap top, erase what I don't need and have 3-4 days of files. I got mine due to recent burglaries in the area, and without some kind of description around here, your case goes to the trash bin. You get a cd/cable to use with SKYPE to monitor from you phone or office computer. I am very pleased with it and will be purchasing a additional camera soon. You do have to place this near a receptacle, hence why mine is indoors on the patio. About 6 ft comes with it, or you can special order a 15ft. No interference from my cordless phone about a foot away. No interference from by cable modem or internet. I constantly get 5 bars for signal strength. With the 2 gb that comes with it, you can record about 4 hrs straight and then it is full or you can set to overwrite and it will keep going. I use the 2gb as a temp while reviewing the files on my 16 gb. You can speak to people via the camera without opening your door to strangers. Just press a button on back of monitor and ask what they want, release for them to speak and then push to talk back. I turned the beeps off that alert for motion detected, but you can leave it to attract your attention. Monitor comes with wall mount or as a picture stand. It has built in photos, 5 of them, that you can set to make it look like a picture frame instead of viewing whats recorded. For the price, you get quite a bang for your buck. At least I think so. Also the price listed on Amazon is one of the best I have seen so far for this unit.