After reading the good and the bad reviews on this, I bit the bullet and ordered one for our community clubhouse.  I've had experience with a couple of "$700+ DVR" analog systems and the medium spectrum, but not this low end realm.Unboxing - The shipping box arrived in good shape from Amazon.  The inside product box was sealed.  However, the DVR was not well protected inside its box.  There wasn't any protective wrap on it and it was free to bounce around a couple of inches.  There was one missing screw on the back of the cover.  My guess is that it was taken out to have the hard drive installed at a second location.  It was sloppy packaging.  There was also a remote control and CD/literature/power supply under the cardboard platform.  These were fine.The cameras, cables and camera power adapter were in a 2nd box within the product box.  They were OK.Cameras - They are small, almost palm sized.  The mounts are very weak, but do the job.  They can be easily ripped off a wall or tampered with, so mount them where they are hard to get.  All that said, the images are very good.  Not terribly wide angle, so keep that in mind,  The IRs (infrared emitters) work, but don't have much dispersion.  They cameras work very well in medium to low light, before the IRs turn on.  The colors on these were accurate.Cables - 60 feet each.  They are low end, but work.  Be wary of placing them near other electrical wires/devices as they can pick up interference.DVR - Overall good.  The recording quality (set at high) is on par with much more expensive units.  The interface is a bit clunky for my tastes, but does the job - read the manual, you'll need it.  Some things (like the motion detection grid) work opposite the way you'd think it would.  Where you set the blue blocking squares is where it records.  It's counter-intuitive to me and opposite of most higher end systems.  You have some control over image brightness and color, but this one works fine as-is.  The motion detection is decent, but I had to choose low sensitivity on the outdoor cameras.  The H.264 compression is good with small file sizes.  File exporting to thumb drive works, but be sure to have their player software installed on the PC you play it on,  I'm not sure why their version of H.264 is different from everything else.  Still, it works.  I'll try their export to AVI later.  I'm sure it's a weird codec, too.  I have yet to have an internet connection at the clubhouse, so I can't speak to that - yet.Summary - Would I buy this again?  Yes.  For under $200 with installed HD, it's a great little unit.  It's probably not a long-distance runner, but who knows.  If you are smart about placing your cameras, it should work just fine.  If you place them high and 20 feet away, you will be disappointed.  Keep them relatively low and near the area you're watching - if possible.  Analog SD video is what it is.  Even if the cameras get damaged or tampered with, they are cheapies.  You'll should have a recording of who did it anyway.