This is a truly excellent home surveillance system with some modern features that are difficult to find on another system at a similar price.First, the H.264 compression is excellent.  This is one of the most compact video compressions available - meaning that it creates a very small video file while still keeping high quality.  You can view these H.264 videos in .mp4 format on any PC or Mac and most smartphones (iPhone, Android).  Smaller files means faster streaming and lower data transfer when I view the videos from my phone.Second, the cameras are daylight and infrared for night vision recording.  The advertised distance is 75 feet of night vision. In my own system, I can easily and clearly see the perimeter of my home up to the fence - which is about 40 feet at the furthest distance.  Also this Q-see infrared shoots in color, while many other system are only night vision black and white.  Don't be put off by the 480p advertised resolution (same as TV).  The cameras are crystal clear and even the night vision is amazing.Third, this system has it's own DVR and processor. Think of it like a stand-alone computer that runs this whole security system. For the price, this is a great deal.  Most other similar priced systems will stream to your PC, so your PC must be on and online for the cameras to record.  I prefer Q-see's setup because I have installed the DVR unit in a closet and can forget about it unless I have a security threat.  I don't have to worry about having the computer off and missing video recordings.  The DVR takes a standard VGA monitor cable. But using a monitor is not necessary since the DVR streams online as well.Fourth, a 500GB hard drive is included - which give me space for 500 hours of recording time at the highest resolution, up to 10,000 hours for the lowest.  500 hours is nearly 3 full weeks of recording time!  And after the hard drive is full, the system will automatically start saving over the oldest video recordings.  Having a hard drive included is great because I can use the system right out of the box.  And since this system is stand-alone. I am not filling up hard drive space on my PC.* I've uploaded a chart that shows the different video settings and how many hours of recording each will give you.And #5 is the apps that are available on iOS (iPhone, iPad), Android and even Kindle.  With a cellular connection or even an internet connection, you can view the live feed from your home, or watch saved recordings.  Up to 20 different users can access your DVR using wireless devices, so you can give permission to family, babysitters or anyone.More thoughts: This Q-see systems uses 8 cameras that must be individually wired to the DVR unit. Yes, a wireless wi-fi setup would be much more convenient, but when it comes to home security, I trust wires much more than wireless. So for me the extra time spent in installation is well worth the peace of mind - knowing that my system will rarely ever stop recording.  Even if the internet connection into my house goes down this system is still running and recording on the DVR.  The only thing that will stop this system from running is a full power loss to the house - which again I have already overcome by adding a battery backup: APC BE550G Back-UPS ES 8 Outlet 550VA 120V.  All-in-all, this system is very dependable and intelligently designed.  Wi-fi cameras may be trendy but not nearly as reliable as this system.Installation:  I have built home computers in the past, replaced parts, etc. but I am in not an expert in hardware. Installation with the Q-see was more complicated that booting up a PC or Mac and installing Windows (because the menu are a bit dated looking and there are a number of options to set), but no where near as complex as building a barebones computer.  Most of my time was spend drilling holes in the walls and running cables. It took me just over 3 hours to do it all. From there on out, it took less than 30 minutes - and was as easy as plugging everything in, booting up the system, and following the Quick Start booklet instruction to set the date/time and your video resolution.All in all, this is one great system that gives you a lot of important features at a very attractive price.  If you are looking for a basic video surveillance system for your home, office, garage, etc, this is definitely worth considering.