We have owned this monitor for about 48 hours now and wanted to provide our first impressions quickly.First, we have previously owned a Summer Infant video baby monitor with our first child two years ago.  We were not happy with it.  The sound wasn't great and the video eventually went out on it after about a year of use.  With our second kid we decided to get another video baby monitor and looked for one that supported more than one camera.  Let's just say that there isn't a high quality video baby monitor out there that I have found.  I'll start with the pros.Pros:- Video quality is as good as its peers.  It won't wow you, but it serves its purpose.  At night it has pretty good range and is more than adequate.- Little interference.  We have cell phones, wi-fi, cordless phones, an audio baby monitor and many other wireless devices and we have not had any interference.- Range.  Pretty good.  We had the camera at the front of the house and were able to get a signal at the back.  It was probably 35 feet away and had 4 - 5 walls in between.- Usability.  The buttons are laid out well and intuitive.  We like the form factor - kind of like an old school candy-bar-style cell phone.- Two-way communication.  It works when you can get the 'up' button to work (see cons).Cons:- Build quality is subpar.  The plastic is kind of cheap.  The buttons are not responsive.  The menu button and the up/talk button take multiple attempts to activate.  It is as if the plastic buttons do not align properly.  It can take 4-5 attempts to activate the menu at times.  Very annoying.  When scrolling through the menu the down button works perfectly but the up button works erratically.  Often I just end up scrolling through the entire list using the down button.  The other buttons, 1-4, left/right, power don't seem to have a problem so it may just be this particular unit.  It makes me wonder if we will get a full year of use out of the monitor before it goes belly up, though.- VOX does not work.  The monitor has a setting called VOX that only turns the monitor on after it detects a noise.  It doesn't work on ours.  We have power save off as the instructions indicate.  We have put it in an empty room (i.e. quiet) and turned on the VOX to its lowest sensitivity (highest noise required to activate) and it just cycles on almost immediately after turning off.  It just cycles on/off continuously.  When setting it to its highest sensitivity we see no difference.  We have turned VOX off and just use the power save feature (video turns off after a preset amount of time).- Audio.  It is ok.  Without VOX there is a constant light hum since the audio is always on.  It doesn't get super loud either (not a big deal for us).  No interference in the audio is a plus, though.  The speaker is placed on the back of the unit.  When you don't have the receiver in the cradle, the speaker can be muffled when you set it down.  It will not stand up on end, so you either set the monitor down on the speaker or on the lcd screen.- Cradle.  The cradle is a little annoying.  The cradle has a male end of a mini-usb that the unit plugs into to charge.  The slot the unit slides into on the cradle isn't really tight so it takes a little finesse to get the mini-usb to line up on the unit.  Not a big deal but isn't as easy as we would like when checking out the monitor late at night.The monitor is ok.  Not great.  I wish there was a high quality video monitor out there.  I would definitely pay up for one instead of going through a new one every year.