I live on acres of forested land with lots of wildlife and wanted to capture them in their habitat. I also needed a new camera to replace an old film type Stealth Game cam. I did a great deal of research in order to purchase a new game cam that would do a satisfactory job without costing a lot of money. There are many game cams out there, some low priced to higher end ones, not necessarily getting what you pay for anymore. I settled on this one because of the more positive views, and weighing them with the negative reviews from various websites. The price was right beating out Bass Pro shops by $16.00 plus the free shipping made it a terrific deal for me.I like this camera. It is very easy to set up and operate. It's nearly ready when you pull it out of the frustration prone packaging. All you need to do is add the SD card and batteries, adjust the settings to your choice and set it up outside. I used a 16GB card and had it sitting up for two weeks. It took 124 photos and the batteries were still charged. I replaced the card and moved it to a new spot. Be forewarned: This camera is very sensitive: most of my photos taken were of leaves from a nearby flower. I did get two nightime photos of deer, but due to the limitations of the camera at night, I believe other reviewers mentioned this, also, it is difficult to see them clearly. Though, their eyes glow from the IR and I see the deer's outlines, they're not what I expected. I want to see the deer. The day photos are sharp, clear and vibrant. The camera shows, date, time and moon phase. All in all, I like the camera, but I don't love it because the nighttime photos leave a great deal to be desired. I'll probably buy another brand of camera due to this so I can see what animals do show up.UPDATE TO MY REVIEW, UPDATE ON 12/31/11: I went out and bought two more game cameras, but this Primos wasn't it. As I already said, I don't like the b&w; nighttime infrared shots, so I went looking for a good game camera that took nighttime color photos, yet wasn't too expensive. I also don't like the cheap rubber strip at the bottom of the camera designed to keep the card dry. Mine broke after a month. I'm not a hunter; I like to view the wildlife on my property. I paid $85.00 for the Primos cam here, and for the inadequacies with that, I didn't want to spend as much for another one. I found the one I was looking for: the Moultrie D50 5mp Camera while searching the Amazon site. The reviews and capabilities and reasonable price made the decision for me, as did my personal experience with this Primos.Unlike this Primos cam, which has a cheap, rubber, breakable strip that protects the media card at the bottom of the camera, the Moultrie has the slot in the camera inside the case. You press in the card and it snaps back out. You don't have to struggle to get to the card. With the Primo cam, you need tweezers or fingernails to get the card out. The manufacturer says the D batteries should last 60 days. I had it up for three weeks for the 2nd time, and the batteries were at 0%Whether you're a hunter or a wildlife enthusiast, if you're in the market for a camera to view wildife with great day and night color photos and don't want to spend a lot of money, this isn't the camera for you. Check out the Moultrie D50 5 MP Digital Game Camera. If you're into night time infrared shots, and don't mind the rubber strip that keeps the media card dry  breaking on you, then you'll like this camera.