Was initially very happy with this Samsung monitor, but it stopped working after 3 days. It constantly flipped back and forth between day and night modes every few seconds, no matter what the light level was in the room, making the monitor unusable.Called up Samsung and they told me that the camera was broken, manufacturer's defect, and offered to fix it. They were very nice on the phone, only catch is that they would need to keep it for at least 2 days, and possibly even a week to fix and send back, without any substitute or replacement. We could not sleep without a monitor for our infant for even a night so this was not an option for us as we had no backup. I told them this and they said there was nothing they could do--company policy. I told them I would have to go out and buy another monitor, I couldn't wait on them for up to a week without a monitor.This may have just been an isolated incident, but I did see at least two other posts complaining of this same problem. I tried putting black tape over the light sensor, as one user recommended, but this did not fix the problem. There's also no way to manually set it on day or night mode, so it would just continuously flicker and blink, obscuring the video.Called Amazon and they graciously allowed us to return the item so we could buy a new one. (This was amazing, thank you Amazon!!)Got a Motorola instead and have had it for a few weeks now. Very happy with the new one. Wanted to post on here to save people a little headache in case they are looking for a monitor, a few points of comparison between Samsung and Motorola:1. The Motorola allows you to pan and tilt with the receiver so you do not need to go in the baby's room to position the camera.2. The zoom in feature on the Motorola is much clearer as is the overall picture quality. On the Samsung it was ok, but a bit blurry and the night mode was very grainy relative to the Motorola.3. The audio quality on the Motorola is ok, but I think the Samsung might be marginally better.4. The Motorola does NOT make any startup sound. The Samsung makes a very loud startup tune, which is annoying and can also wake up the baby/parents. There's no way to turn off the startup tune.5. The stand for the Motorola is a bit sturdier, but the Samsung is about the same, flimsier plastic though on the Samsung.6. The screen on the Samsung is slightly larger, but does not matter because the picture quality is so much crisper on the Motorola. On the Motorola I can actually see my baby's face and body moving, on the Samsung I could not see that level of detail.7. The menu navigation is equally good with both monitors.8. The buttons on both monitors are configured differently, so some people may prefer one over the other, but I was fine with either.9. The price was virtually the same for both--at the time of writing about $180 for either one. So price did not sway either way.Bottom line, if the Samsung works, I'm sure it's a fine monitor, not the best, but functional. Ultimately, their return/repair policy was not acceptable, but Amazon saved the day, and could not be happier with the new Motorola monitor. Thanks again Amazon!