First of all: save any receipt of purchase you may have. You'll need it. If Swann equipment breaks, it seems like this company will do nothing for you without your proof of purchase. In plain English, you're screwed without your sales receipt and your RMA number. The seller will give you a sales receipt. Keep it and make copies of it. Don't ever give Swann the original. Swann will give you an RMA number when you call for help. The RMA number is something like a traffic ticket number. Don't ever lose it. Swann will treat you like a criminal if you lose either number. You will be totally screwed if you lose either number. Always have your RMA number and proof of purchase anytime you call them.Lucky for me, I had my receipt, but that introduces the second problem: wildly uneven customer service and support. You may call for help and you might be put on hold forever. You might get some guy from the Phillipine Islands who doesn't speak English very well. Example, your service agent may think "Jan" and "Feb" are names not abbreviations for the months of the year. You might also get a fluent English speaker. It is a total crap shoot. Two things are for sure: 1) you will never get the same agent twice, and 2) you will need to give each new agent the same information all over again, and over and over until you are ready to explode. It is like they are looking for an excuse to dismiss you.That much said, let's say that like me, you saved your receipt and you were smart enough to use "chat" instead of trying to communicate with someone who speaks pidgeon Engllish, or the "tag-a-long" dialect, you're still screwed because many of these people seem pleasant and sincere, but their language skills are frequently on the "Me Tarzan; you Jane" level. "Me paying customer; You service rep." They have a script, they know only the words on the script, if they get off script, they don't know what you are saying. Their phony English will leave you screaming because they can't understand phrases like, "Contact the American repair center. Tell them I already sent them the RMA number and the sales receipt. Use e-mail to inform them I sent my documentation to the fax number they gave me." It's like talking to your dog.Here is my reality. I actually faxed my receipt and my RMA number to their warehouse location two times. That cost me $8.00 US. They misplaced my paperwork two times. How? One time their fax machine ran out of paper and they didn't know it. Another time they sent their half-wit warehouse man to the wrong fax machine. That's what's wrong with Swann. Their left hand doesn't know what their right hand is doing. Their repair shop is now threatening to send my broken machine back to me because they think I have failed to send them a copy of the sales receipt and the RMA number. I actually became so frustrated that I faxed them a copy of my successful transmission slip. Get this: their customer service computer shows that they have received copies of both transmissions! The two groups don't seem to "communicate with each other". Worse, customer service has an "Eeet  is not my yob" attitude to communicating with the repair personnel This experience is like something out of an old Charlie Chaplin movie.When you talk to customer service, expect long delays or gaps in conversation. Expect them to "screw up". on the phone and on the fax and on the computer. You will probably also lose patience with these people. I sure did.These people are not unfriendly and they do try; it is just that they are stymied by a lack of English fluency and frustrated by awful pronunciation. Example: " Beer in the Pillapeens." is actually "We're in the Phillipines.": Worse, the transatlantic phone lines to the Phillipines can be upset by storms. As I wrote before, the most insane part of this whole experience is that you might accidently get a rep who speaks good English and is knowledgable. The contrast between "Beer in the Pill and We're in the Phillipines" makes the experience surrealistic. Of course, as I wrote, you'll get a different person each time. Each rep will have a different language skill level. Each will ask you to start over from the beginning. They will make you feel like you have stolen the machine. Asking for the sales receipt and the RMA number over and over made me feel like I was trying to bamboozle them into giving you a new, working piece of equipment. They have a police station mentality.I'll bet these incompetents will send my broken DVR back to me without repairing it because they can't find the information I faxed to them. Bottom Line: don't use Swann. The customer service experience with them is nearly abusive in nature. You could end up screaming, cursing and pulling your hair out. Their stuff breaks. Their customer service is inadequate. Their repair techs are inept. Swann is the Three Stooges of Home Security Electronics.