I bought this camera system for my parents and installed it myself due to the higher number of break ins in the area.  Since these are static cameras, 8 channels is just about right (the DVR box does have a pan tilt zoom option though).  I have been using this for a couple weeks now and love how you can monitor the cameras from virtually anywhere.  Opening up the box and inspecting the product, everything seems to be of high quality.Installation:In the box there is not much physical documentation but it does include a CD with the manual in electronic  form.  This is a must read to figure out some of the features.  Installing  the cameras was pretty straightforward as all you need is a drill, screwdriver, and a staple gun (or wire molding if you want to make it really nice and discreet).  The home I installed it on is single wall construction which I think made it easier. I was able to install everything in two weekends (3 days to be exact) although some of the wires were visible.  With proper planning, the 60ft of included cabling for each camera was enough for our home with a property size of 6000 square feet.  You will want to also take into account what the camera can actually see when planning the mounting points.  Luckily these cameras have a pretty wide angle lens which adds flexibility in the mounting locations.DVR use:The DVR interface is much easier to use than I expected with the included USB mouse.  However, learning some of the features will take time such as the scheduling of recording etc.  Reading the manual definitely helps with this.Video Quality:When viewing the live video from a monitor or TV straight from the DVR, the video quality is a little grainy but very good for making out what you are looking at.  Also, the colors are off for somethings, but not others.  I've tried adjusting the hue/saturation but with no luck.When viewing remotely from computer or mobile device, the quality and frame rate drops quite dramatically.  I believe you can change the quality but I did not see a difference when I tried it (I may have done it incorrectly).  But with that said, it is still useful as you can see what is going on around your home when you are not there.  I sometimes watch my dogs play or dig holes in the yard etc.The nightvision isn't bad at all and can adequately see directly where the camera is pointing at however the edges are still dark if there is no other ambient light.Playback:The video quality is less than what you see when watching the cameras live.  I believe this is due to the video compression to save space on the DVR.  It is less than what I like but still useable.  One very useful feature is the playback search.  If you have the system to record when there is motion, a separate record event is made and can easily be searched for later.Pros:Relatively easy set upWide angle lens (just to to the point to where you can see some fish eye distortion)Cameras viewable (and recordable) remotely via computer or mobile device (internet connection required)Ability to record only when motion is detected (saves on DVR memory and doesn't work it constantly)Ability to send an email to alert you when motion is detectedUseful playback search by motion eventsPTZ capable (I think only for one device though)It's fun playing big brotherCons:Low camera resolution/frame rate when viewing remotelySlightly decreased video quality during playbackColors sometimes offCame with defective power splitter (see below)Regular price is quite high (although cheaper than many systems out there)I must be honest, I did get this at a $200 discount since the company was running a sale, and it does make me feel like I got more bang for my buck.  Still though, this is a DIY system at a DIY price and easily a great buy and weekend project.Edit:  So I mentioned above that the system came with a defective power splitter to power the cameras.  I also noticed one of the cameras weren't properly constructed and wasn't sitting in the housing correctly causing a weird halo effect only at night.  I contacted Defenders customer service and they claimed that because I am in Hawaii, I need to pay for shipping.  I dropped my interest in changing the camera as I can just live with it.  But to replace the faulty splitter, they want me to pay $5 for the splitter plus another $35 for shipping.  Why do I have to pay more for something that came broken?  I have no idea.  Why do I have to pay a ridiculous $35 for shipping for something that is small and weighs a couple ounces at most?  No idea either.  Terrible customer service.  I'm better off fixing it myself.  Still a good system, if you want to buy.  Just dont rely on the customer service if you have a faulty system.  Just return the whole thing to Amazon and keep doing so til you get a system that works 100%.