**************Update 1:This product is actually horrible.  I hooked the unit up again today after not using it for some time.There is a firmware update for the "server" [aka access point or route/gateway], and it will not apply.There is a firmware update for the extra camera will not apply.The unit continues to think I'm viewing another camera, so it will not do anything else.Rebooting the access point does not solve the issue.This product is a farce... if you expect to get decent service, don't.  The reality is that even though this system is 1/2 the price of others, it's more than two times worth of aggrevation.  It doesn't work, AND it wastes your time.  It's not a cost effective product.*************I'm an IT professional... and I specialize in Computer and Network security.  The only reason to say this at all relates to the amount of TRUST you have to place into VueZone, and the reasons I'm not sure this product deserves it.Pros:1) It's a neat concept.2) The equipment is very small.3) The product is, supposed to be, plug and play.Cons:1) The product requires online activation2) The "Premium" server stores content in "the cloud," and there is no guarantee expressed indicating absolute privacy or telling you who's cloud?3) You are given a gateway router for the cameras that plugs into your network, and it can be logged onto.*4) * VueZone doesn't tell you how to logon to YOUR gateway appliance... only the website; they seem to be going out of their way to prevent you using the system locally.5) The VueZone servers tend to drop connections easily, and there are issues with IE 9 and Firefox 11.0 with updating the firmware on the cameras6) If you get the camera system up and running (it appears that you have to contact them to register them system some times), the system takes a considerable amount of time to post your recordings to your "Libray." This is especially true of larger recording that approach your account limit.7) You can only watch one camera at a time, and you can not watch ANY of the cameras if one of them is taking time lasped photos.  (The minimum time for time lapse of one camera is 1 minute.)8) 6 hours of high resolution time lapse photos take up 60MB, and then about 1 hour to be able to view it online.  So far, I've been unable to get the download to work.  This could be related to using a newer secure browser...My experience:I purchased this some time ago directly from the company. When I finally took it out of the box to install it, I noticed that not only did it take awhile to get the unit, but that it had been previously opened.  (Was I sent a unit that was returned?)I then went ahead an attempted to register the unit.  Two times it failed to do so, indicating that I had to call customer service.  So much for a smooth and easy to use product... I then logged into my account (which I had to create in order to purchase the product), and associated the Gateway device with my account. Interestingly, when you logon to the vendor's website (which appears to be the ONLY way to configure your equipment) you are immediately told that your camera's require a firmware update.  Which fails EVERY TIME at 7%... [It may be browser security related, but I don't think you want to "trust" vuezone.com, as Trend A/V reports one of the URL links on the VueZone page as "Dangerous." This means they are hot linking to another website in some manner.]There are reports of the VueZone servers being flaky... and I'm inclined to believe them.  Otherwise, if that's not the problem, than the product itself is flaky OR they're product activation is flaky.  Also, there is a limited market for people that want a product the can't be used as a stand alone device only.Now, if you use any sort of industrial firewall, it's going to be blocking all attempts at speaking to the outside world.  This means that you have to open a vast array of network ports for the device to speak to the internet / VueZone. A list is given by the vendor, but that's about the only technical information you can easily find!I'm just not sure this is a solid product based on what I'm experiencing.