This is potentially a fine system - good image quality, solidly-made, and straightforward to set-up.  But I wouldn't buy it again - not in its present stage of development.The problem is in its motion sensing, for triggering email alerts.  It mistakes rain and snow falling across its field of view as motion that merits an email alert.  This problem is particularly acute at night, when the infrared illuminators are activated, and snow flakes and raindrops passing in front of the camera are brightly illuminated and appear as meteor-like streaks in the field of view.  Some nights I have a hundred or more false alarms.  (The problem occurs also in daytime, but only by the dozens.)Several users on the tech support forum (forums<dot>logitech<dot>com - Security Cameras - Alert; search 'snow') have complained about this issue.  Logitech has responded repeatedly, saying that they're aware of the issue and are working on a downloadable software update that will address the situation.  Before Christmas they forecast delivery of the update by the end of December.  But it hasn't yet been released, and now they aren't forecasting a release date.  (They report it will be a major upgrade, with lots of other features, but they no longer are committing to when it will be delivered - probably a wise move in view of their difficulty in getting something worthy of release.)If and when the upgrade is released, and if it works, the product will be a gem.  (And my indoor cameras have worked flawlessly.)  But if you live anywhere but in a desert, and if email alerts are of interest to you, and if you're considering the outdoor camera (e.g., the Logitech Alert 750e or 750i), I think you'll be disappointed.Below follows some technical info and musings - which may not be of interest to most folks, but I offer them for what they're worth.The system sends an email alert when motion is detected.  The existing product already includes several parameters that you can tune to help reduce false alerts.  (But, as indicated by my experiences, and those of other users, they don't cope adequately with rain/snow.)One feature is that the product allows you to draw numerous rectangular sub-regions in the field of view, within which the sensed motion must occur in order to be considered for an alert.  Thus, if the field of view includes your driveway and a public street, you can draw a rectangle on the driveway part of your screen, which doesn't extend into the street.  The system only monitors the user-defined sub-regions.  (Or, the user can specify that the whole image frame should be monitored.)Another is that the product has a control that allows you to adjust how long motion must be detected before an alert is sent, e.g., 1 second, 2 seconds, etc.  The higher the number, the less frequently a qualifying motion is sensed.  (But the higher the number, the more frequently a "false negative" event occurs, i.e., a motion that *should* merit an email alert - such as a person walking across the field of view - but doesn't.A further parameter is a "sensitivity" control - a slider bar that lets you set a value between 1 and 100.  The lower the number, the less frequently a qualifying motion is sensed.  (But, the lower the number, the more frequently "false negatives" again occur.)A final parameter is a time interval within which the system won't send a further alert.  This is typically set to 3 or 5 minutes, and ensures that false alarms don't recur at a rate of thousands per hour.  Once one alert has been sent, that camera won't send another alert until after the specified interval has elapsed.Now I delve into suppositions - not fact.  I think the product encodes imagery using a DCT-based image compression - like that used in JPEG.  I suspect the image is segmented into square tiles, e.g., 8x8 or 16x16 pixels, transformed into the spatial frequency domain, and the resulting coefficients then represented by Huffman-encoded tokens or the like.  In such systems, motion can be detected by monitoring the stream of resulting image data for changes in bandwidth (i.e., if there is no motion, each image frame is like the predecessor, and data is spit out at a uniform rate).  Only those tiles corresponding to the user-defined sub-regions of the frame would be monitored for changes in bandwidth.In such a system, the "sensitivity" control can simply set a threshold value against which sudden changes in data stream bandwidth are judged.  If the threshold is exceeded, the system can conclude that sufficient change in imagery has occurred to send an alert.Such an arrangement does not attempt to analyze the image contents, e.g., whether the change in imagery that causes the data stream bandwidth to hiccup is due to harmless trails of snow blowing across the IR-illuminated field of view, or a real threat.There are better ways to do this.  Rain and snow trails appear as elongated traces - relatively long regions with two closely spaced edges.  (The traces are not always straight, as the wind can blow them into wild arcs...)  Each frame of imagery can be analyzed for long edges using known techniques.  Pixel regions bounded by closely-spaced long edges can be flagged as potential rain/snow streaks, and can be replaced with corresponding imagery from the same location in an immediately preceding frame.  This would effectively remove such streaks so that they wouldn't trigger a change in bandwidth, thereby avoiding an alarm.There are many other such image discrimination techniques that might be applied.  Logitech's business, however, historically has been in mice and computer peripherals.  Thus, its technical staff probably doesn't have much background in image processing from which it can draw.The product is potentially a good one.  I hope they are hiring some suitably-expert image processing/object recognition consultants (or employees) so that this product can soon reach its potential.  Until then, I'm afraid it's the "boy who cried wolf" run amok.