My wife and I have a small second home, and there have been many times we've driven out to it to check on it for possible trouble.  While we do have a monitored alarm system, I often found that I wished I was able to see what was going on and started to look at options for network cameras.  I was about to buy a different, more expensive one, when I noted this Foscam camera in the Amazon list of products others had viewed, so I checked it out.  I liked what I saw so I bought it, and am glad I did.The Foscam camera set up easily - I tried it both wirelessly and wired, and ended up using a wired connection because it was available, but I did test the wireless with WPA2-AES encryption.  The initial tool you use for finding the camera on the network is a bit odd and I had trouble getting it to set the DHCP mode on the camera, where it would get an IP address from the router, but once I got to the camera's own settings page that was easy.The instruction booklet that comes with the Foscam camera is tiny and the text is nearly unreadable.  Throw that out and read the PDF that's on the CD with the software.I was delighted to see such features as:- Automatic updating of a dynamic DNS provider (I use DynDNS)- Motion detection (though I'm still experimenting with this)- Ability to email and FTP imagesThere are two web interfaces, one that uses an ActiveX control and is for Internet Explorer only, and one that works with other browsers such as Firefox.  I found that some of the options described in the manual are only in the ActiveX version.The image from the camera is quite clear, though the colors are a bit off (no big deal).  I like that you can turn the IR LEDs on and off - with them on, I can see room details up to about 10 feet away.  You can even turn off the network status light on the back for a more "stealthy" installation.  One thing I noted was that the camera seemed to run fairly warm, and gave off a smell reminiscent of hot electronics.  This appears to come from having the IR LEDs on - when turned off, the camera feels cooler and the odor faded.  The camera swivels through about 270 degrees horizontally, and over at least a 90 degree range vertically.The one problem I had was not the camera's fault.  When I tested it locally, I had no trouble accessing the camera from the "outside" IP address (I set up port forwarding on my router and reserved the camera a fixed IP on my LAN).  But when I left and tried to access it remotely, I could not connect.  I eventually realized that the ISP for my DSL service there blocks inbound connects to TCP port 80 (HTTP).  When I changed the port number on the camera to a different one (for example, 8001), it worked fine.  (If you do this, you add the port number following a colon after the hostname. I'd show you an example, but Amazon's review filter would remove it...)  You can even have the camera send you an email with its IP address (and port!) when it powers up or it detects an external IP address change.I also have an iPhone and iPad and found there are quite a few apps for viewing Foscam images.  The one I settled on is called Foscam Surveillance Pro.  It seems the most well-rounded and actively maintained, and it works well for me.  It even lets you select among multiple cameras, if you have them, turn panning on and off, and more.  None of these seem to provide audio, though.Lastly, I was amused/delighted to find a Chinese papercut decoration packed in with the camera, with text indicating that putting it in a window would help bring luck to the home.