The Swann Advanced Security System is a great system! They say DIY "easy installation" and they are not kidding. Out of the box, I had two cameras connected, the software installed on my laptop, and was watching myself and another room of the house in 30 minutes. It's really that easy. If I was in a small apartment or office I could have had myself fully secured in another hour at most, with cameras on my door and others in my office, waiting room or living room (unless I wanted to run the camera cables through the wall, which would require some drilling). How can you beat that?They even provided an Ethernet cable to connect the DVR to the router, though be warned it's a bit short. so I used a spare I had instead. But that is not much of a complaint when all is said and done (I just have too many things close to my router already but you might have no problem with the cable provided). The DVR also comes with a remote control (and batteries) and a mouse. The cord for the mouse is, once again, a bit short, but you can use a wireless mouse by plugging the receiver into the USB port meant for the mouse.The computer interface is well designed and the instructions (see below) provide step by step directions for choosing the settings that will work best for you (including things like resolution and frame rate). The images on my laptop were very clear. I had the opportunity to test the cameras in the dark. In my library, with very limited ambient light, the books on my shelves showed up so brightly I could read the titles. Taking a camera into a bathroom and closing the door made the images seem as bright as if there was a light shining in there. It is truly amazing how well these cameras work in the dark.I have not permanently installed any of the cameras because I will have to decide where to put them (I have eight available). They are easy to attach, using three screws apiece. I am thinking about hiring a local electrician or seeing what Swann would charge for installation because of having to run the camera cables.The cables that come with the cameras are about 50-60 feet long, which should provide some flexibility with regards placement of the cameras. I could easily place the DVR in my living room and cover most of the house, if not all of it. You can set up one camera, plugging it directly into the DVR or you can use a splitter (provided) to hook up cameras in groups of four, up to eight total on this DVR. The process is very simple and takes seconds. The cameras themselves can be angled by loosening any of three screws, adjusting, and re-tightening the screws. The cameras seem very sturdy.The DVR is 500GB, enough for 15 days of continuous recording and you can extend that by setting your cameras to record only when they detect movement. You can also copy footage in AVI format (click this option in settings) onto your computer hard drive, or back it up using a flash drive. Using an app you can monitor your system via cell phone (Android or iPhone) or 3G or 4G enabled tablet (Android or iPad) so you can check things out when you're not at home. I have not been able to test out the app yet but I am waiting for my Samsung Android replacement for my old Samsung Windows phone (which is supported by NOBODY) and will be able to play around with it then. I will also download the app to my tablet (again, will update my review).The instructions are easy to follow (there is a book in English and a booklet in Spanish). The booklet is 59 pages long  but don't be intimidated. It is very well illustrated (in color), the explanations are clearly stated, and best yet it has a handy table of contents (I was able to flip right to the section on installing the DVR on a PC).After the section on connecting the DVR the instruction book is divided into two main sections, Basic Setup and Advanced Configuration explaining "professional grade capabilities" that are completely optional. The instructions that came with the cameras are also easy to follow and I had no problem connecting the cameras. I was very impressed, given how poorly some instructions are written these days. You won't have any problem here, I assure you.I am very excited about the Advanced Security System and I cannot wait to test out its full capabilities. I am in a master's program studying cybersecurity, so I have become very security conscious (including physical security). I would recommend the Swann Advanced Security System to anyone wishing to protect their home or business and I will certainly recommend it to a local doctor who asked me for information about just this sort of thing a couple of weeks ago.(As an added note, they provide a bunch of little stickers to put up on your windows and doors. Between what came with the DVR and the cameras, I can put one on each door and window.