The camera works, but confusing instructions and software make this a headache to set up and run.  I started with the simple-looking 3-step process on the box: 1)unpack box (yes really, that's step one), 2)insert CD and 3)run Install Camera wizard.The Install Camera wizard, the first selection on the menu that appears when you run the CD, takes you through the steps of WPS setup (push buttons on the router and camera) and setting an admin password.  Done; now I want to see some video. So I followed the PDF user guide and opened the Setup Wizard on the menu. An Install Wizard opened and asked if I want to install the Setup Wizard. Didn't I just go through the Install Wizard? And why a wizard for setting up a wizard? I installed the setup wizard anyway, and when it prompted with a logon screen, I tried to log in - and it wouldn't accept my new password OR the default "admin" password. I had to reset the camera and start all over again.So, DON'T use the Setup Wizard on the CD menu. Just use the Install Camera wizard, open a browser, and go to the IP address of the camera to see the video.  The video looks ok for a security camera, and there's also audio, although the camera makes an annoying clicking sound.The included software gets an F from me.  I couldn't get the email feature to work (would not log in), the menus are in computerese, the java window takes forever to load and their own android app didn't download at all. Like the other reviewer suggested, IP Cam Viewer Lite works fine as a monitor, at least within my network.  But what good is the motion detector if it doesn't even alert you, or anything?If you don't know what SMTP or dynamic DNS or FTP are or why you'd want to know, you'll be going to Google or Wikipedia every step of the way, which really shouldn't happen for a consumer product.  Instead of being written in geekspeak, the user guide should answer simple questions like "How do I record video?" or "How do I save those recordings?" or "How do I monitor the camera away from home?"I haven't tried any other IP cameras, but there's got to be something better than this. At least something where the company's own software works, or doesn't feel like bloatware, and where the instructions are in plain English.Update: I added another star because the camera has been working continuously for a few months now, and I can easily view it from within my wifi network on Android using IP Cam Viewer Lite or an ipod using NetCamViewer, both free third-party apps. I still can't figure out how to view it remotely, record video or get it to send alerts. But IF you can get it set up (or find a genius to do it for you) it works fine for indoor local use as a baby or pet or backyard monitor. I have it pointed out the window at the front door, so I can see who's at the door from other parts of the house just by looking at my ipod. This is definitely a better buy than the Vuezone camera system that not only costs more but requires a paid subscription for most features and registering on its site to use it at all.