This is a 24/7 surveillance waterproof camera.  It includes 8 cameras and a 500 G DVR than can be accessed either through the home network  or remotely via the internet on a remote PC, tablet or a smartphone. Wires are included.  You can also download specific clips in a USB dongle or an external drive if you need it.As a first time installer it is very helpful to download their full manual and watch some online tutorial videos for setting up the cam.  There will be some learning curve.You get three boxes.  One box houses the DVR, with the remote, the mouse and power supply. It also provides you an ethernet cable to plug your DVR directly to your router.  The other two boxes are identical, 4 cameras on each box, with 4 wires, a power supply and a 4-way splitter so you can hook up all 4 cameras in one power supply.This model doesn't have an HDMI outlet so I chose VGA connection to my TV.  They recommend 19 inch and above, it is recommended to have a big screen so if you are looking at multiple cameras at the same time, it won't be too small to see what is going on.  There are two USB outlets, on the back is for the mouse and the front outlet is for backing up or copying a clip on a USB dongle.  Make sure your the drive you are copying to is formatted FAT32.After hooking up the cameras to the DVR, it is easier  to have another person adjusting the camera while another look at the screen.  That way you don't have to go back and forth, climbing up and climbing down to look at the monitor to see where you are aiming.To gain access to all the function of the DVR, you need to login first.  Login and password will be admin and admin the first time you login, then you can change it later to whatever you want.Video quality is not hi-def but good enough at VGA quality.  The night vision feature is amazing.  Once it gets dark, it switches automatically to night vision.  It will be mostly black and white but it is very clear to see what is going on.  If you look at the camera, you will see the red LEDs on. Hopefully when would be thief or vandals see them, they would stop and move on.I set it up to record when it detect motion.  You can schedule each cam when to start recording.  You can have them record only at night or when you are on vacation, or you can have them record 24/7.  If you look at the screen, you can monitor live feed even when it is not recording.Monitoring remotely with a PC or smartphone would require more technical tinkering with the software.  But you will have the manual and online sources to help you.  It may vary depending on the type of router and setup you have. I have an older WRT160N, but it connected right away using UPNP without any problem.Overall, I am very pleased with this camera system.  It takes a while to put everything up and running but it does everything what I want.