I read some of the reviews here and saw one reviewer talk about poor sound quality or picture freezing.  They must have had a defective unit.I've been using our Levana monitro about a year and a half and have never had any of these issues.When the room is dark, the monitor only shows what the night vision shows.  In realy time, good quality.  Since our daughter turned into a toddler and began to move around, we've attached the clamp to the top curtain rod so we can see the entire mattress.  From that height, we can see her eyes(strangely reflective when her eyes are open, due to the night vision).  We can't see if she is smiling or giving some detailed facial expression, but we can see if she's moving her mouth, if her eyes are open or closes(most of the time).  In short, there is easily enough image quality and detail that we can not only see that she is safe and okay, but we sometimes sit and watch the monitor for fun and see how she talks to the tiny red light that is on the camera.The sound is good.  It is made so that parents can hear the louder sounds, which I guess is meant to wake parents who use the monitor all through the night.  Otherwise, quiet sounds are not transmitted.  I have wished that it would just have a mode to transmit all sounds, just so that I could hear her babble.  Mostly, we keep the sound off and just use the video.  When she's crying and trying to settle herself down, we can hear all of that just fine with out any monitor.  We just want to see her and make sure she's okay.We only have the monitor on as she's going to sleep and then use it to check on her, rather than opening her door and risk waking her.The only time the monitor makes noise is when the battery gets low and is close to dying.  It just gets loud and staticky sounding and, after a few minutes dies.Having the monitor on no more than an hour each day, we only charge it about once per week, if not less frequently.After a year and a half of use, I'm pleased with the battery life and the overall quality of this monitor.It has a few bells and whistles which we don't use, like remote music you can turn on from the monitor, to play through the camera.  We tried the music once and our daughter just screamed louder, so that was the first and last time for that trick!When we turn the monitor on when her room is light, we're always suprised to be reminded that it is a color camera and monitor.  We mostly use it at night and the night vision is--well--night vision.It would be cool if there was a sound setting to have it just be on and hear everything.  And it would be cool if we could zoom.  And it would be reaaaaally cool if we could remotely move the camera to different views, but if it had all of those bells and whistles, we probably would never be able to afford it.  Plus, as is, it does exactly what we need it to do and it does it very well!