3.5 STARSI presume that majority of users looking into a camera/DVR product are looking for a home surveillance system. A wired surveillance system, such as this Lorex, is impractical for large or multi-story homes. The 60ft cable included cables or even optional 120ft cables will not stretch/install easily around the average multi-story home. With the 60ft cables, I decided to install 2 cameras on the top level of my home to monitor the front of my home.The setup is very simple. Each camera has a BNC male connector and a power male connector. The supplied cables have a BNC and Power cable coupled together. You connect the BNC cable to the desired port on the DVR and the other side to the camera. The power to all 4 cameras is supplied through a single power adapter that connects to a splitter. You connect the DVR to a monitor (not included) with a VGA adapter.The power adapters for the DVR and the Camera are designed to be close to the location of the DVR.Once the physical setup is complete, turn on the power and the split screen video comes on.The video quality is good and bright. The colors, however, do not have the right color saturation - even after adjustment. The claimed 50ft vision range in pitch black is really about 25ft. The 480 TVL resolution cameras do not capture sufficient detail for useful surveillance past ~25ft. The range does improve in daylight (50-75ft) but the resolution is not sufficient for surveillance detail past ~50 feet. With my cameras being mounted at the top level of my home, my effective range was till about half my driveway. This is not sufficient for me! I do like the seamless transition from daylight to pitch-black - I did not have any dead/black spots in my recording. The cameras handled it well.The menu is a little archaic, but functional. It took a few attempts, but I figured out the setup and network connections within a matter of minutes. The wi-fi connected instantly without issues (though it did pull an IP without my network password???) The mobile setup was a little more involved and I did not attempt any remote connectivity.I will be looking into a wireless camera system like the Lorex Wireless Video Monitoring System (LW292). It provides the ability to setup cameras at your desired locations without ugly wiring running all over the place.Would recommend for apartments or single-story homes.PROS:* Affordable surveillance system* Picture quality is bright in low light or darkness* Easy hardware setup* Vandal resistant cameras* Compact DVR* Ability to output video on 3 monitors* DVR can send notifications with optional motion sensor cameras* Free mobile iOS, Android & Windows Mobile apps to access/control the DVR remotely* Free mobile iOS, Android & Windows Mobile apps to get a live-view remotely* Software supports Hard Disks upto 2TB - User upgradable* Lots of accessories optionsCONS:* Wired camera system* Camera range is not sufficient to identify subject past 50ft in daylight and 25ft at night* Archaic, slightly difficult to use software* Color reproduction not accurate