At this time, I have only just installed the unit and tested out the functionality of the features and have not had time to determine what the long term quality is. At the time of this review, we're setting up a baby room for our second child. We used a very poor quality Graco video monitor with our first child which was no comparison to this monitor in terms of quality.Installing: Easy. I wanted the baby unit wall mounted. Simple, one screw -- holds it in place. Only down side to wall mounting is you have the ugliness of a cord attached to the wall and have to be sure the cord is out of reach of the child. I used a couple of small cord tack-downs that nail into the wall. The unit would easily sit on nearby shelf or dresser, but I find it hard to get a good viewing angle directly into the crib from the positions we had available.Parent Unit User Interface: I consider myself to be pretty tech savvy, and was able to easily get it running with minimal reference to the user manual. I did refer to the manual to make sure I was aware of all the available features, but honestly, could have easily run the unit without any reference to the manual at all. Panning and Zooming the camera from the parent unit is a great feature and done easily. Unit starts up very quickly by pressing the power button. Only wish the power button was a little larger. Also, it would be nice to be able to power the baby unit on/off from the parent unit. You have to move a switch on the baby unit.Parent Unit Picture Quality: Absolutely Great! We will use this unit primarily for peace of mind while the baby naps in dark room or sleeps at night. So, for us, it's all about the night vision. For night vision, the picture is black and white but is very clear with easily discernable features (tested on a teddy bear). The panning seems to have a good range, easily able to pan around the entire crib with the camera mounted a couple feet above the top most edge of the crib.Parent Unit Audio Quality: Very good. Little to no static. When using the lullaby feature on the baby unit, the song plays very loud on the parent unit.Baby Unit: Unlike our previous unit, the night vision lights used on the baby unit do not give off any noticeable light. (Our previous unit had red lights all around the camera). Lullaby sounds pretty good on it, and plays at a reasonable level. The two-way audio worked well with a slight electronic sound to it. Would have been nice to have a vollume level adjustment on the baby unit for the lullaby and parent communication. CORRECTION: Apparently there is a way to do this described in the manual--Thanks Golpher.Other: The two-way communication, port out to TV, and lullaby features are all cool features, but really didn't influence my purchase or evaluation much. I do like that they're doing some encryption on the audio for added security. Also, the ablility to add addional cameras is quite intriguing, but not a feature we will likely use. We did notice that the baby unit did cause some interference with an audio monitor we still use in our other child's room. It just turned out that the locations were right near each other, separated by just a wall. This caused static on the parent unit for the old audio monitor. We believe this will be easily remedied by changing channels on the old unit or just relocating it.Overall, the advertised features on this product seem to work very well. In addition, it has an elegant design, and seems to be well constructed. I would highly recommend this product and can't wait to use it when our new baby arrives.UPDATE!!! Well, our baby has arrived and we began using the monitor. The bad news is that we have a problem with the audio randomly dropping out even when there is known sound that should be coming through. The video still worked, just not the sound. Not sure if this is an interference issue or somthing wrong with the unit we got. We are returning it for a new one and I will post the results when we get it. I read only one other review complaining of the same thing, so it doesn't seem to be a wide spread problem, but somthing people should be aware of.UPDATE 2 The new monitor works great. No audio problems like we had with the first one, and we are still using our other audio monitor at the same time--no interference issues. So, I guess we got a rare lemon with the first one.