I was very excited when I saw this monitor featured as an Amazon Deal of the Day for $99, so I hopped on that real quick! I had been casually browsing for either a video monitor or intercom to use with my 4 year old and almost 2 year old. I'd like to be able to check in on them real quick while they are playing in their rooms, and it has also come in handy while my 4 year old is taking a bath and I have to tend to my youngest. That way I can still keep an eye on both!At the time that I purchased this, I also went ahead and bought an extra add-on camera as well. I might end up buying one more too, but for now, two seems plenty to juggle.Getting the add-on camera to "pair up" with the monitor took quite a few tries. The directions say to hold the monitor and camera about a foot apart but after many tries I kept bringing them closer and closer until they were practically touching before they would pair up--so, be patient with that!There is a feature on the monitor that allows you to snap pictures but I'm not sure what this would really come in handy for. The pictures are not good quality. Maybe if you want evidence of one kid hitting another... lolIt is very nice to be able to switch back and forth between cameras, so you can have two set up in one room to cover more angles, if you like. I'd say in a standard bedroom you can see about half the bedroom, so it's not a wide angle and you won't get a whole lot in view depending on how you set up the camera. Also, it takes about six hours to charge up the cameras, but you only get anywhere from two hours to five hours of life out of them, so it's not good for all night long. That's why I think it's better for daytime naps and checking in on kids playing. It would be nice if you could have just set up the camera and left it plugged in so you could just switch on the monitor anytime you wanted to look in. The audio is not great for listening in--which is why I would not use it for an infant unless you also use a separate audio monitor. We've had the Safety 1st audio monitors (that are only $15 to $20) and those work great for picking up every single little noise. (I can hear what's going on OUTSIDE my son's bedroom window too!) I noticed that the audio works a little better on the add-on camera than the one the monitor came with too. I anticipated maybe getting more frustrated with customer service if I tried to exchange it and decided I could live with it for what I like to use it for. There is also a VOX feature that allows you to have the monitor on "power save" and the video will just come on when there is noise in the room. I did not find this to work very well and would just keep going on and off every few seconds--that will not save the battery! The feature I like the best is the ability to also TALK to my kids--so it kind of works as an intercom too! That has to be my favorite part!! That is another reason why I think it's better for use with toddlers too.Overall I'm pretty happy with it, but there are things that would definitely make it better and worth the usual price of about $130. Seems like the add-on cameras could come down a bit in price too. If they were $50 each I'd probably get two more with no problem. Oh well! Hope this helps!