My TiVo HD DVR got to the point where I often found recorded shows in pieces because the darn thing rebooted itself in the middle of recording, leaving me with two recordings and a 12 minute gap in between (for one hour shows).  Its frequent reboots interrupted viewing.  Researching online, it became clear to me that the hard drive was dying.After finding instructions online at Engadget and TiVoCommunity for how to replace the hard drive and transfer all my recordings from the original TiVo hard drive, I was all set to buy a Seagate drive.  Then I learned that there actually is a difference among drives, and this Western Digital AV-GP WD10EURX one is designed for DVRs.  While I might not think much of a noisy Seagate drive in my computer, I don't want a noisy hard drive in an appliance in my living room.  According to a TiVoCommunity forum posting, WD AV-GP drives rate a 10 on a scale of 1 to 10 where 10 is the quietest.Also, these drives are designed for continuous operation 24/7 with the intent that the data they are moving is video that you are watching, so they don't split up the bytes and move them in the random ways that regular data gets transferred.One concern I had is that the original TiVo HD 160 GB drive ran at 5400 rpm and this new WD10EURX 1 TB drive runs at 7200 rpm so would the faster drive get hotter and since the TiVo HD was only designed to cool the 5400 rpm drive, would this be a problem?  The answer is no.  These WD AV-GP drives are "green" emitting low heat so they can easily replace the original drive without an issue.The TiVoCommunity forum posting was last updated about 5 years ago, so its description of running WinMFS, the required tool for preparing hard drives for TiVo usage, only goes up to Windows Vista, so I can add that it works with Windows 7, just right-click on WinMFS.exe and run as administrator.The forum posting warns against WD AV-GP drives saying that they can't be rebooted and will just hang.  The only solution then is to unplug the power cord in the back of the TiVo and then plug it back in.  This is no longer true.  Western Digital must have heard about the problem and fixed it, because I was able to use the restart option from the TiVo menu to test this, and sure enough, the TiVo restarted.  I did not need to unplug and replug the unit.  I did not need to run the wdidle3 workaround program.After the upgrade, I went from 21 HD / 184 SD hours recording capacity to 157 HD / 1,367 SD hours.  Plus, all my recordings transferred from the old drive to the new one since I ran the MFSCOPY command via the WinMFS GUI.Below are some URLs where I pieced together the information to perform the upgrade (I hope these links remain in my comments, not sure if Amazon will remove them):http://www.tivocommunity.com/tivo-vb/showthread.php?t=370784#S5http://www.engadget.com/2008/04/17/how-to-upgrade-your-tivo-hd-with-winmfs/