I've had one of the Summer video monitors for the past 16 months, and it was a three-year-old model with a small, 1.5 inch screen. So now that we are having our second and decided to get a monitor that is capable of housing two camera feeds, I thought we would upgrade to one of the newer "fancier" video monitors. We decided to go with the 2.8 inch screen, which is more than sufficient for us. It definitely has its pros ...Pros:Small, pretty thin, compact. Your not lugging around some big, bulky monitorDoesn't pick up a whole lot of interference. When our old monitor was turned up loudly, we heard a "buzzing" of silence. This one doesn't have that, which is niceWhile we haven't used the 2-way or the lullaby features yet, I am sure they will come in handy with the new babyWhen the monitor is plugged into the charger, the screen stays on until you manually turn it off. When it's not plugged in, and you utilize the "play" button to turn it on and it stays on for a good bit of time (2minutes, maybe??) Our last one was only 20-30 seconds, which was kind of annoying. So this amount of time is better for me.Cons:This is probably the most bothersome to me, and I didn't see any other review that mentioned it ... You have to look at the screen straight on to get the right visual. So, if it is sitting on the table, and I am sitting on the couch, the screen looks black-ish unless I am at the right angle ... so I have to sit up and grab the monitor and hold it in the right position/angle in front o f my face. I know it isn't a huge deal, but it's a downside that wasn't expecting. It's not that you can't see anything in the crib if you aren't at the right angle, but you can't really make out the baby, etc. The same is true if you are looking to the side or down on the screen.I have no idea when this monitor is fully charged?? Honestly, I haven't pulled the manual back out to see what the deal is, but so far, when we've left the monitor plugged into the charger for 10-12 hours, it still shows (via icons and lights) that it's charging. It doesn't seem to give me a "fully charged" message. So, again, this could be something I need to research a bit more ... but I've left it plugged for long amounts of time and am expecting some sort of notification that never comes.Doesn't have a clip ... a lot of monitors have a clip so as you walk around the house while the baby is sleeping, you can just clip this to your pants or whatever. While I didn't use this much with our last one, I do miss it a little bit ...Overall, the screen just isn't as clear or "clean" as you would expect it to be. It's a bit foggy, almost like you are zoomed in (it does have a zoom feature, which seems pointless because you can't rotate the screen). It works ... and for us, it's a solid purchase. I wouldn't return it for any of these flaws, but I expected a bit more out of it.