Great product definitely 5 stars. This is an amazing little security camera. I recommend reading all the information in the two manuals that come as part of the cd--first. It works best for me to get an overview of what they want you to do. Going step by step is like leaving bread crumbs in the woods-it is always better to get an overview of the forest before you start the journey.. I normally use Firefox browser, and yahoo mail. For this project use Internet Explorer to access your camera, and I created a special Gmail account in google chrome for all camera related email that is sent out over the web when triggered.The instructions with camera is great. If you stumble on something like "port forwarding", remote email etc--utube has wonderful videos on every obstacle you might encounter, setting things up. I'm not a computer programmer, and found that everything went smoothly. This is a great opportunity for the novice like me to learn about routers, and computers.Setting the camera up with the "quick set up guide" is easy. "Port Forwarding"--you need to be able to log into your router and follow directions. There are three excellent videos from Loftek that are great visuals. The hardest thing for most of us is following directions. Every once in a while it really works. If you don't believe it look at the cereal boxes in your kitchen-they rarely are opened like the manufacturer recommends--I've seen them opened upside down.I have Nikon software for my "point and shoot camera"--I love the way the Loftek csx 2200 puts the photos into a file with my other photos. If a burglar spots your security camera and destroys it---to late.Plan to only use adapter not batteries, and if you are planning to have your cxs 2200 more that 50' from main computer-hard wire only by extending ethernet cable directly from router. You have to experiment. If you have a laptop that stops working as you move further from the router-so will the camera.It depends on the router signal strength.Burglars go for guns and jewelry so I placed the wireless ,IP camera in a gun room facing door.The wireless camera is only 20' from main computer in the next room. When someone opens the door they are already videoed and caught on still shots, sent immediately to my Gmail address. If they find my main computer and decide to cart that off the information is already in cyberspace and can't be stopped.I ran ethernet cable through my attic to the opposite end of the house for additional out door cameras that monitor driveway and rear door. This camera has two way sound so you can speak to the intruder and he can speak back instructing you as to how he wants his body shipped and to whom.There is no zoom function, but I accept that--it would be a great tool. The focus on the camera can be adjusted by turning the ring around the lens. The pan, tilt and ability to take video and stills can be done from anywhere in the world, on any computer.The night vision is great--total darkness looks like daylight. The picture quality is very good if you adjust the focus.Remember this is a security IP camera not a video camera with a DVR.My only moment of pause here is the regret that an American company didn't design and produce this wonderful razzle-dazzle gadget. Hats off to Loftek-three cheers for China--WAKE UP AMERICA.