We bought the original (bulky) Lorex 2002W monitor with two cameras about a year ago. We hated it. It got poor reception and every button you pressed made a loud chirping noise- so annoying at night when my husband was sleeping and I needed to press a button or two to view my toddler. Anyhow...when we moved into a new house we got ZERO reception on it. It gave us a "Out of Range" warning when I walked more an a couple feet away from the camera. Unacceptable.I called customer service and waited on hold for 20+ minutes. I ended up having to hang up because I couldn't hold any longer. Not happy. I found a customer service email address and decided to write them and tell them about my non-existent reception. I still, to this day, have not received an email back (it was months and months ago). I finally called back and waited 20+ minutes again and talked to someone who transferred me to someone else, who transferred me to someone else, and so on. Just when I thought I was getting somewhere they said I needed to speak to technical support...and they could NOT transfer me...I would have to call back. What?! So, another 20+ minutes on hold. Finally I talked to someone at tech support who agreed my monitor was not working correctly and they gave me a code so I COULD CALL BACK customer service and get a replacement. Oh.my.goodness. SO frustrating. I ended up having to send in my faulty monitor and ONE MONTH later received my replacement by mail. I was without any monitoring (even the poor quality it had was better than no monitor) for over a month. Not cool. My second monitor didn't work either (no reception/poor reception) so it was back on the phone with Lorex. I finally got them to transfer me to a manager who ended up talking me out of returning the whole thing and told me about the new product, the Live Snap. He said it should solve my reception problems. He sent me one and I received it only 5 days later (thank goodness).It didn't work though. Wouldn't even power on. So...back on the phone with the manager. He told me he would send me another one, but they were back ordered and it would be about 3 weeks. Are you kidding me?! Having no choice I told them I would wait for it. I waited and a month later nothing happened. I called them back only to be informed that the manager I was dealing with "would be gone for the next three months". Umm?! I was told that their records indicated that I was to mail them back the faulty Live Snap before the replacement would be sent out. ???? Well, I was NEVER told that and now I had wasted all that time waiting for my monitor that wasn't even on it's way. Ugh! I immediately shipped back the faulty Live Snap and did receive my replacement a week or so later. It worked.Upon opening the Live Snap I did like it much better than the original Lorex. It was slimmer and sleeker and the buttons didn't chirp when you pressed them. I hooked it up and set up the VOX feature. I read and re-read the instructions figuring I was doing something wrong because even when my baby (on camera 1) was making ZERO noise it would power on and I would hear room static. No crying baby though...the monitor showed her sound asleep. I messed with camera 2 (my toddler's room) and had worse results since he sleeps with a white noise machine. The monitor picked up the noise and wouldn't cancel it out like it advertised. So if I wanted to view my toddler on camera 2 I would have to listen to his white noise machine. So annoying. So now we don't use the VOX feature at all. Such a bummer too because my old Lorex (original model) had an awesome VOX feature that did work.The reception on this is decent. We have a large house (3,700 square feet) and I can get minimal service in most areas. I can NOT go outside though and that is unfortunate because when my baby is sleeping and my toddler wants to play in the back yard I cannot take the monitor with me out back...I have to leave it in the house and keep leaving my toddler to check on the baby.The two way communication it nice. When my toddler wakes up I can quickly talk to him and remind him to be quiet because his baby sister is sleeping next door (only sometimes does he actually listen, but that's not Lorex's fault. haha).Pros:Sleek handheldGood pictureQuiet buttonsTwo way communicationCons:Range (not even close to 450 feet as advertised)VOX feature is worthlessCustomer serviceI'm over trying to deal with customer service anymore. I'm going to keep this monitor this time, but I just wish it would have worked from the start and I wish it worked as advertised. If it had worked as advertised I would have been able to tolerate the bad customer service (not that I would have needed to even contact them).