The cameras set up easily. Only issue I had was a wasted 45 minutes getting the cameras to sync with the unit. I kept thinking to myself, this has got to be easier. I'm a network and computer dude with a Masters degree, and couldn't get these to see the base unit.Then, I simply unplugged the cameras, let them reset, and 20 seconds later they connected. So, if your cameras dont sync with the base unit, unplug them and let them resync.I also added two additional cameras (ordered from Uniden as they shipped immediatly and for same price) Amazon appeared to show a long delay in shipping. These cameras synced perfectly in just about 20 seconds each as described in the included manual.Pro's: Set up is pretty easy; good portable stations. Can zoom in on camera and hear audio.Con's: Not sure yet if audio is recorded when cameras record on motion detect. Customer service is pathetic. had problem getting unit to sync online over Internet. Kept getting errors. Typed up issue to Uniden, 7 DAYS LATER they responded with "What OS?" That's it. Thank goodness my house wasn't on fire, really Uniden, 7 days. That was pathetic! Other Con, recorded videos are .mp4 (not that big a deal) but they're only 320x200 sized, and that's a bit small for detail. Also, understand that each time the unit records from a camera, that's s separate video. So each day a folder is created for the date by the unit, and you can literally have hundreds of files in there. Problem is, how to you link them into a contigous file for easy viewing without having to open each video to view them. I sitll have not found a FREE app to do this but am still researching. Would be nice to drag and drop the days videos into an app and have all of the .mp4 files strung together. Lastly, the unit will NOT automatically overwright the SD card. I find this a flaw. You must monitor your card usage. I found 32GB SD cards in the low $20 range, so I bought two.I wish the unit had the capacity to 1. Record to a higher resolution, 2. Record to an unattached data store (NAS drive etc.) 3. Would overwrite the card storage automatically, 4. Give option within own software to string the day's videos into a single viewable stream. IF Uniden could fix these, it'd be the perfect system.Installation was easy enough with a long drill bit. When going through the walls, of say a garage, leave bit through the wall on the inside (drill from outside to inside) then before removing the bit, tape a string to the end of the bit. Pull bit out, and withit comes the string. Next tape end of string to end of the camera connection cord, then pull string back through, thus feeding the power connector into the inside of the garage etc. Remember to use a drill bit big enough to pull through the knunckle of the power connector, so use at least a 1/2" paddle bit. Get a long paddle bit with at least at 10 to 12" shaft on it. Then the job is super easy and much faster with two people to tape string and pull back through, or you'll be up and down a ladder a few times for each camera.Bradley