Ok everybody i have been reading all these reviews and no one discovered what i did! Ok i found that the transmitter will not go through glass. So putting it in a jar will not work to protect it from rain sleet heavy fog snow etc. Fog could be worse than rain because it could draw damp inside.  But what i found is that the signal goes through plastic just fine!!!!! I use a clear plastic sandwich bag and tape it shut and it works very good. Now you need to put the bag on like you would put on a car cover (Drape it down over the top) then tape it at the bottom and around the screw. If you use the dollar store clear shiny tape or packing tape it holds very well and you have to tear the bag to change the battery the tape will not come loose. That will protect your transmitters even from blowing rain. I did not test all kinds of plastic but it works even with thick soft plastic. The kind of container lunch meat comes in with the snap on lid. It works to 20 feet or more with baggies to detect movement. I did not test for long distance between transmitter and reciever but if someone does please post the results. Very thin plastic wrap may work even better for distance?  I have had my driveway alerts for 14 months and they are working very good. one other review here said they had one that worked for 5 years. For the price they can't be beat!!! When the transmitter battery gets down to about 6 volts it will start alarming constant because it does not have enough power to reset itself. Alot of people are complaining about birds and deer and dogs and cats setting it off well that is what the sensor should do! It is a PIR sensor that is what it does detect heat. Even the ones that cost much more will still pick up dogs and deer. Unless you get a very pricey one then it may not give as many false alarms.  But as said here in a recent review that if you take some time and point the sensor correct it will greatly reduce the false alarms. It is a good idea to put it in a bird house to hide it and protect it from the rain. I think it is great for security. This could alert you BEFORE someone gets in your house. Then they can not sneek up on you when you are asleep! You will have a advantage because you will be ready for them and you know the house better than they do! And then you can take them OUT!!!!! OH YES YOU CAN!!!!  A burglary happens every 14 seconds in the US. (Google it) I like it because it is 100% wireless and the batterys in the reciever are still working after 14 months! You can also plug it into a 4.5 volt adaptor. I turn it off when away and in the day unless i am expecting someone. I bought 3 and think they are very good for the price $7.00 for the transmitter and $7.00 for the reciever.