As a couple that is planning on having children, I was excited to thoroughly test this monitor because we're very picky electronic fans. And, for something as important as baby's safety, we expect not only quality, but reliability and functionality.Here's the downside to this review: I have not had experience with any other baby monitors, and we don't have a baby yet. This was tested purposely on each other (and our pets), with relation to sound, reception, etc.I won't go into all the features it includes, and will instead skip to my review of each one.Design: Appealing. Neutral color of a pastel lime green. Not my favorite color, but it should fit with any blues or pinks of usual baby rooms. I thoroughly enjoyed the magnetic base - it was very easy to position the angle of the camera. But, towards the battery compartment, the magnetism weakens, and even the manual notes to watch out for this.Size: Great! Camera isn't obtrusive, even while mounted. Monitor fits nicely in your hand with a good size screen. You can mount the camera on its stand, the crib (with the incl. kit), or upon a wall. The hand-held monitor can be hung by its belt clip, or flip the clip and it's now a stand. (I really like double-usage.)Video Quality: Good. (Cheaper monitors are probably lower quality, so I took into consideration that more expensive monitors should have awesome video.) The range was pretty amazing. We have a two-story home and it didn't drop the video even when I was downstairs or outside. It did get more choppy at those distances though. One reviewer mentioned not seeing anything like continuous motion, but my experience differed: I was able to watch my tank of fish with fluidity.Audio Quality: Subpar. Audio cut out often and entirely dropped once I moved downstairs. The VOX feature, where you can have the monitor only turn on when sound was detected, was a nice idea. But, it should have an option to change the sensitivity. We had placed our camera facing a tank of fish, and the sound of the filter would cut in and out. I would walk into the room and clap my hands - the monitor would sometimes turn on. It seemed as though the camera settled in to realize what was considered "ambient noise," but didn't always turn on when a louder event occurred.My husband did go in the room and "cry," while I went into another room on the same floor. The VOX feature turned the monitor on and I could clearly hear the "crying." But, the audio did cut in and out a little, while the video remained strong.This VOX option seemed to be the most important feature in dealing with a baby monitor, so I was disappointed that it didn't work consistently. But, I didn't hear any interference, which Levana seems to push. Kudos to them.Oh! If you don't use the VOX option and just continually have the monitor turned on, there is always a humming noise. Constantly. Well, unless the sound cuts out. Then it's quiet.Night Vision: Great; quality was just dandy, video didn't cut out. I watched my cat, my husband, my fish - all in a completely darkened room. The red LEDs are not bright, so I wouldn't worry much about a baby or child being bothered by them.Nightlight: Um, cute stars, but fairly useless in illuminating anything but the camera's body.Music: Three lullabies are available to play in low quality sound. The quality seemed worse than some toys I've come across. If this had the option to load my own mp3s, that would've been amazing!PROS: Video Quality, Design and Size, Certain Features, Very Easy SetupCONS: Audio Reception, Intermittent VOX, Crap Music, Second-Story HousesI give it 3.5 stars. Perhaps really excellent baby monitors are just not in a nice price range?