My husband and I had been looking into getting an alarm system, but we really did not want to incur those "monthly fees" that come with the home monitoring systems.  We wanted something basic, that would give us piece of mind, when we are not home.He and I started researching different systems.  Reviews were the big thing for us.  As most everybody knows, reviews can make or break a purchase.  And when investing in something of this nature (knowing that eventually you may need to contact customer service) it is IMPERATIVE that you can count on good, reliable customer service.  Let me tell you something, you find that right here, with Fortress!I found this system and it had everything we were looking for and the price was within our budget. But the excellent reviews are what sold us!  The system is easily set up.  Nothing super hard about it.  And it does come pre programmed.  My husband did have to call a few times and spoke with Mike.  Mike cares about his customers!  He actually includes his cell phone number with the paperwork.  Every time my husband called, Mike was always available and helpful.  I also ended up calling Mike (just to ask general questions) several times and every time, he was just as nice on my first call, as on my 3rd!As I said, the system is easy to set up and easy to use. Both the indoor and outdoor alarms are LOUD.  Which is what you want.  That's a good thing.  The indoor alarm is loud and piercing.  You can actually hear it pretty good, outside with your doors closed. We are very satisfied with the loudness of these alarms.  Loud is important and loud is what you get.I want to share a story with you.  Just last week, we were re-checking all the contacts, making sure the little red light came on, when we opened a window.  All but one worked.  I e-mailed Mike, letting him know what happened and asked if he could please send me another contact. Within two days, I got my contacts.  Notice I use the plural form.  That's right!  He sent us two contacts.  I was shocked but so appreciative!  He did NOT have to do that. He could have easily sent just one, which is all we asked for.  I e-mailed him and thanked him.  After we got the contacts Mike sent, my husband was pulling the "bad" contact off the window and the back came off.  He saw the battery was loose.  He tightened the battery, put the cover back on and guess what?  That contact worked GREAT!  So, the contact we thought was bad, only had a loose battery.  I felt terrible!  I called Mike and as usual, he picked up the phone.  I apologized, explained what happened and offered to mail the two contacts he had sent us, back to him.  Mike said not to worry about it, thanked me for my honesty and told me to just keep those two, in case we need them down the road!Buy this system.  You will not be disappointed at all.  It's a wonderful alarm system, easy to install, LOUD and the best part?  MIKE COMES WITH IT!  LOL!  You can always count on him and I can not thank him enough for being so incredibly helpful and ALWAYS, always available.I will be recommending this system and company, Fortress (Secure Solutions) to anyone who may be looking for a good home alarm system.  Honestly, I've never been happier.  Mike, your company will go a long way, because you care and have an exceptional product!  THANK YOU again!Beth WilsonRaleigh, NC