I got two cameras for our house- one on the front door, and one on the porch maybe 30 feet away facing the driveway. camera 1 works pretty much all the time and camera 2 works about 90 % of the time. they are not that far apart so i don't know what the deal is. the monitor is about 20 feet away from camera 1 and about 50 feet away from camera 2. but camera 2 blinks in and out of reception all day and at night it looks really foggy- honestly don't know why it does that. When we just had camera 1 i could bring the monitor up to our bedroom at night, but with camera 2 i can't - the signal doesn't reach. anyways they were super easy to set up. they have decent picture quality... well maybe not in the dark so much, my husband locks the chickens in at night and i could barely recognize him at first.. we fiddled with the brightness and eventually got it to the point where if he were a robber the police would know they were looking for a white man who had dark hair and was balding a little, that he had on shirt and pants lol, not much besides that though, maybe could have drawn out face shape but not many features. also the color is weird, i was watching the video and was laughing that my husband was wearing a purple shirt until he came inside and it turned out he was wearing a white shirt? weird- oh well maybe i have to fiddle with settings more.  anyways I am in a fairly rural area and the cameras were more for my reassurance than for police reports- so no biggie. Basically something was eating our chickens and I wanted to find out what... neighbors dog>:(  and occasionally our car alarm has gone off in the middle of the night and the motion light is on and we wanted to see if it was a person or of it was an animal bumping into the car or if the car was just looney. haven't figured that one out yet- but next time the alarm goes off we will.  All in all i feel confident even with the color and signal issues that if someone were to come down our driveway and cause trouble we would 1. know for sure it was an intruder and not the wind or a wild animal. and 2. if the house was actually robbed i feel that the police could get a decent idea of who did it- we have a tiny town too so they probably already know most of the usual suspects. Overall i like having the cameras- but i probably wont buy two more like I originally intended. I'll just stick with the two. if they didn't have the signal or picture issues I would buy all four cameras and probably another monitor haha i love watching what is going on around my house!