Almost everything you need comes in the box. DVR, cameras, connector, and cables. But no manual. Sure you can download and print the manual online or you can take your smart phone/tablet with you in the attic when questioning a crucial step.Installation is relatively easy if you're comfortable climbing around your attic and running cables. Actually running wires in the attic is simple, but you still need to run wires through the interior walls for the dome cameras. Although the dome cameras can be mounted on the ceiling you may need to install some vertically as well.Pick a suitable location for your DVR. A place where all 8 wires, ethernet, power, and video can hide from bad guys. Even though you have a nifty, new surveillance system it doesn't mean you won't get broken in to. Hiding your DVR from the bad guys is important for future evidence.The cameras are black and stick out like a sore thumb on lighter walls. Luckily the camera bodies are aluminum and can be painted. The easiest way to prep your cameras is to lightly scuff them with a green scotchbrite pad. Clean them thoroughly then mask the camera lenses. A couple of light spray can coats should do the trick.When connecting the cameras to the wires add a couple turns of electrical tape around each connection. Sometimes the connector tolerances aren't the greatest and need a little help.Don't believe for one second that another reviewer had this entire system installed and running in 90 minutes. That's over 600 feet of cable being run AND 8 cameras attached to walls and ceilings. Realistically expect a full day to properly install this system. Take another day to prep the system and paint the cameras if needed.The HDD is 500GB and is adequate for most needs. This means that you should set your DVR to keep the past 7 days of video and erase the rest. Unless, of course, you're leaving for a an extended period. For those that need to record video 24/7 you should consider upgrading to at least a 1TB HDD.The cameras are decent for 600TVL, which is just below 720p HD. Realistically you can expect a 30-40 night vision range in complete darkness, However if you have motion sensing lights then you can expect a greater range of about 60 feet. Remember that too bright of a security light can wash out your cameras at night. We use 60 watt yellow bug lights with much success. We originally had 100 watt lights that made a person's face look like a bright white orb with absolutely no facial recognition.The software set-up is easy and posed no difficulties. I didn't install the mobile app.When networked you can view your cameras on your smart phone and PC. You can also save the videos you need and save them to your PC or a USB stick.I gave this system 3 stars because you MUST be networked to download a video file. My other system is a Q-See system. Q-See has an extra USB port on the back of the DVR. This extra USB port allows you to download a video file directly from the DVR. The Defender DVR does NOT allow you to download a file from the DVR. You must be connected to a network, then transfer the file from the DVR to your PC. Then you can download it to a USB stick.For what it is, it's a decent system. The price point is a bit high, especially with a 500Gb HDD. Installation is relatively easy and software set-up was fast. If you have a home network then you'll be able to use all the features. If you don't have a home network then look for a system with a second USB port.