There have been a lot of mixed reviews on this product, and clearly some people have had problems, but I have not.  I now have a total of 9 of these Trendnet TV-IP551W cameras making up my home surveillance system.  They are good cameras and they work well.  Picture is crisp and clear, and the included software is great - more on that later.  The 802.11n wireless is very solid and reliable.  There is also an Ethernet port for wired connection.  As mentioned in other reviews, the "IP Cam Viewer Pro" app by Robert Chou allows you to view the cameras from anywhere using an Apple IOS or Android device.  Fair warning though, you do have to know something about Firewalls and Dynamic DNS (DDNS) to make this work from anywhere over the internet (you may need your IT buddy to help you with that part - but that is not unique to Trendnet as most IP Cams work in a similar manner for most home users).  I should also note that one of my nine cameras is the TV-IP551WI (the day/night version).  All I can say is "Wow!".  I can see everything in a large room in total darkness when the IR night vision mode is on.So why only 4 stars?  The audio. Audio from the camera is all clicks and static when using this device on a wireless network.  You can hear what is going on above the noise, but it is really difficult.  I contacted Trendnet support about this and they were great, but admitted that the noise was interference from the camera's own built-in wireless network adapter radio (design problem). If you have the camera plugged into the wired Ethernet, the WLAN radio is disabled and there is no static at all.  The microphone picks up sounds from far away, and the sound quality is great.  Just not on wireless.  I did get around this by purchasing a few Netgear WNCE2001 WiFi Ethernet adapters, connecting them to the wireless network, and then using a short Ethernet cable to the camera.  I only did this for a few, where I had to use wireless and really cared about good audio.  That did the trick.  The adapter is small and does not take up much space, but does need an extra power outlet.The camera comes with included Trendnet SecurView Pro software allows you to have full DVR functionality.  Very good and powerful software if you take the time to read the manual and learn how to use it.  I have it running on a dedicated server with a Seagate STBV3000100 3TB USB External disk (that I got on Amazon for just over $100) to hold the recordings.  So far, with 9 cameras feeding audio and video to the SecurView server, I can retain over 5 days of history using less than half the capacity of the drive.  I could probably increase retention to 10 days. The software has lots of options, including motion-based detection events and is highly configurable.So in summary, it is a very good and capable camera, and is easy to setup.  Yes there are others out there that may be better, but the combination of the price, video quality and the SecurView software made this the reason I kept coming back.  My whole Trendnet system including cameras, USB disk drive and a couple of network adapters was just over $500 and works as well as more high-end commercial systems starting at $2000.  For the money, it was a good choice for me, and I am happy with my system.