I bought this camera to use as a baby cam for the new baby we're expecting.  A lot of units marketed as dedicated baby cameras are either under-featured IP cams or glorified audio monitors with a rinky-dink LCD screen for viewing.  In both cases, the cameras were more expensive than they needed to be and lacking in features like night vision and remote control.  I thought I would take a chance on this camera to see if it would work for my needs.For what is essentially a cheap Chinese product, the camera and its accessories came attractively packaged with a lot of little extras (Cat5, mounting bracket, etc).  The instructions were easy enough to follow, and the software works well enough.I think it bears mentioning at this point that the term "cheap Chinese" reflects only cost and country of origin.  What a lot of people think is that the product is lousy or underfeatured, but that's not the case.  I've stated in a lot of my other reviews that I've had fantastic luck with cheap Chinese electronics, and the only consistent problem I've ever had with them is poor translations in the manuals.  The products in general work great, if you tinker with them a bit.Back to the camera - the unit is bulky (about the size of a grapefruit), but it works really well.  The camera has a really great range of motion in its tilt/pan, and the night vision is surprisingly clear, thanks to the ring of infrared LED's surrounding the lens.  The status LED shines bright green under the lens, but that's a feature you can turn off in the web interface.This camera operates much like a router in the respect that you can log into it via IP address and manage it with an internet browser.  This is handy, because no software is required to control, alter, or view the camera.  Viewing resolution maxes out at 640x480, which is big and clear enough to provide an adequate amount of detail.This camera does have a few hang-ups, though.  Firstly, to get the most out of this camera, you have to use Internet Explorer.  The camera works well enough with Chrome or Firefox, but things like audio, multiple camera mode, and recording require a plug-in for Internet Explorer.  This is really unfortunate for those who want to use an alternative browser.In addition to that, the camera only offers a few DDNS options.  For those who don't know, DDNS is Dynamic Domain Name Service, which is what allows you to control devices on your network when you're not local.  Specifically, if you have internet service that does not assign a static IP address to your modem, you need DDNS to point to your network even when your IP changes.  Anyway, DynDNS is the first and most prominent option with this camera, but recently DynDNS stopped providing free DDNS services, so you'll have to pony up some cash for that.  Otherwise, you can pick from a few offshore DDNS providers, some of which I found only in Chinese, so I was a little reluctant about that.One last thing I'd like to mention about this camera that hung up the setup process for me a little is that the camera must be managed by logging into its default IP address, which is 192.168.0.178.  That's not really much of a problem, but if your router's DHCP range is something like 192.168.1.2-254 or something like that, the camera will be constantly searching for a network because the fixed IP is outside the DHCP range.  The work-around is to plug the cat5 straight from the camera to your computer and browse to the device, where you can change its default address, set it to obtain its IP automatically, or assign its MAC address a dedicated IP in your router's settings.  However, this problem is only an issue on certain networks, and if your network is set to dole out IP addresses that the camera has set up by default.Like a lot of network devices, this camera is highly configurable and may take some tinkering to get it to work with your setup, but I think it's a great purchase that will be useful for a long time after the baby doesn't require constant monitoring.  Since these cameras can accommodate multiple devices on the same network with a grid-view, this would be a good choice to set up a piecemeal security setup on an existing network.If you can live with the little hang-ups this camera has, you'll find that it's extremely useful and versatile.