I am only giving this 3 stars because of the documentation and setup issues I had.  The product works well and I do like it. It looks like the engineers wrote and reviewed the documentation.  They really need a good RAS engineer to evaluate there products before they release them.I got this product to attach to the composite video output of a Legrand On-q Category 5 Camera Module CM1011 which provides composite video out. (the yellow video wire that plugs into the composite input of your TV)  First the documentation was not clear that this would work and it was hard to get the support folks to give me specifications as to what input this recorder would accept. But for the record it does work and this is the required input.I tried this unit with both a Visio TV and a RCA TV for the monitor. There is a problem with the remote control for the unit as it uses the same frequency as the Visio TV and there is no way to change the remote frequency.  Luckily you won't use it anyway.  You will use the mouse (which comes with it) to interface to the unit. The remote did not interfere with the RCA TV.I use this product and view the camera's via the internet and remotely.  There design is nice but it is a little buggy.  I am using this so that I can view the cameras and the recordings remotely using a windows browser via a URL and using an Android Tablet.  There are several issues with doing this.The QSEE Start Guides are pretty good but they need some clarification editing.  This is where they could use a good RAS (Reliability, Availability and Serviceability) engineer.1. They always reference Internet Explorer in the guides as the browser.  This browser IS REQUIRED as you must download their addon for the remote viewing to work.  This means that Firefox, Chrome or other browsers will not work.  I never use Internet Explorer.  So I was using Firefox and tried Chrome, before I finally figured out that this would only work with IE and then download the Activex add-on.  Very annoying. took me quite awhile to realize this. I also means you can NOT use your browser on you Android tablet to access the VCR.  You must use their app. The IE browser works better than the app. Sometimes the app crashes.IE is the only browser that has native support for ActiveX addon's.  You can down load a Chrome extension that will support Activex. Firefox does not support ActiveX because it opens the door to security violations on your system. Microsoft warns of this on their Safety and Security Center. [...] Qsee needs to find a way around using an ActiveX add-on.2. In the Remote Monitoring Quick Start Guide, you will want to setup a Dynamic Domain Name Service if you IP provider changes your IP address regularly. I did not realize that I need to add the port address behind the DDNS url when accessing the DVR. They should show an example ie: name.myq-see.com:85. I thought the url was all I needed and not the port also.3. The Android app keeps resetting the More setting for WiFi and turning it off every time it is loaded.. Finally figured out that before I do anything with this app I need to turn WiFi back on.  It will not work if I turn it on after I get a failure.4. On the locally attached monitor and using the mouse I just double click on the playback record list and it plays it back.  This does not work on the remote playback list on the browser or android app.Overall a nice product.