This is not that difficult to figure out how to use properly!  But sometimes, you've got to out-smart the bear... or find somebody else that is to help you.  If you think you can just take this out of the box, plug it in, slide a switch, point it at a blind or draped covered window 20 feet away, leave all the lights turned brightly on in the room and expect this to make people in the next county believe you're watching TV... you might want to think again before purchasing this!  This item takes some planning and common sense to use properly.All kidding aside (actually, I wasn't kidding)...  If you've got room-darkening blinds or drapes, you'd probably not even see a spotlight through them, let alone a Fake TV.  This produce is meant to be subtle.  If you can't even see your own TV operating (flickering) from outside any way, this definitely won't work for you.  What makes you think this product would do any better?  C'mon... use that noggin on your shoulders.  Some planning or "arranging" may need to occur in your specific setting to make this thing "believable" to those thinking about using your keepsakes to pawn off for crack.  Thieves still are typically lazy and will move on to an easier target if you do your part, first, and take a little time to set this up properly.  Even just a little flicker might save you from having to make that 911 call when you return from your Bingo night or church's pot-luck supper.In my application, which I use for extended vacations, or even just an evening that I'll be returning after dark... I plug it in, of course, placed on the entertainment center or a stand less than 2 feet in front of the window, angled about 45 degrees off to one side.  It's aimed (up) towards the wall that has my window(s) that I want its blinking to be visible from.  I don't leave any other "glaring" lights on in the room either... but there still are some dimmer lights on in the room.  I have only blinds and I "crack" them open slightly so the light goes up and through them.  I also have (the advantage of) a gable window that allows the blinking Fake TV's light to reflect off of the vaulted ceiling and this is the most effective application I've found although I've used it successfully in other rooms.  Anybody on the street would think there is somebody home here with the TV on.  You also may need to obscure the area around the sensor (block off with books or a newspaper crumpled up) to ensure it comes on in a lighted room.Try different angles, tilts, blind/drape openings and/or reflecting off ceiling or walls to find the best results.  Of course, if you black-out your windows completely (or don't have any), nothing will work for you.  Then again, a little thought process before you purchase this may save you some trouble (or the need to write negative reviews).  This product may not work in your environment or setting.I've used this product for almost a year now.  It works suitably for my situation and it DOES look like a real TV operating in the room from outside.  There are, however, a couple items I'd like to see changed or added to it.  Of course, these would increase to the already reasonable price this thing now sells for.1.  Have a "random" on and off setting still retaining the 4 and 7 hour relative timeframes.2.  Have a variable sensor sensitivity like high, medium and low.3.  And this is really picky... have a 5 or 6 hour setting.  7 hours is still too long even for our winter's early sunsets.  It will remain on till well after midnight here, which is a dead giveaway that I'm really not home if you already know my "pattern" or observe my other light timers.Still, I love the Fake TV.  It gives me a reassuring feeling that my property is safe and sound when I do leave it for just an hour or for weeks at a time.  I highly recommend it.