I had experience with pinhole "spy" cameras for years starting back in the 1990's when our fraternity caught a school janitor stealing from us in the middle of the night. Considering that was over 10+ year old technology I thought the camera I was buying today would be at least as good as that. I was mistaken.This camera sets up and gets running easy enough and with some tuning you do get a picture. Note if not tuned properly there is absolutely no image at all. You have to be pretty precise in the tuning to get a clear image. All the pieces necessary are in the box, the camera, receiver, audio/video cable, battery adapter, tiny screws if you want to screw the camera down. I was disappointed I cold not rotate the camera on the stand so it could be wall mounted. It looks like it may be able to be ceiling mounted but I didn't try for sure.The real letdown however was in the camera itself. First the field-of-view of the camera was a real let down. Again my experience with small cameras like this they always had a pretty decent FOV. (You could see more of a scene like you were standing further back). This camera was giving me a significantly narrower FOV then the one I was trying to replace.And the biggest problem with this camera didn't get noticed until that night. This camera has TERRIBLE ability to record in the dark- honestly the WORST I have ever seen EVER in any camera- like unbelievably bad night vision. I have a city streetlight in front of my house and it was always plenty for my old camera to take decent video after dark. This camera literally gave me just a black screen. The only reason I knew it was working was when the occasional car passed with headlights on- then I could see just the 2 "dots" from the lights passing and nothing else. This camera is totally useless outside at night. Worse still I was up early this morning, around 5:30 AM, there was enough sun out to be considered "dawn" - you could see out the window without much issue... but then I looked at the signal from this camera- exactly as dark and black as it had been in the middle of the night. I didn't get a picture on the camera for another good hour until the sun was significantly stronger.The FOV and the lack of any picture in the "dark" is my main reason for the low review.Also as was pointed out by another reviewer the instruction manual has a warning telling you the A/C Adapters are NOT interchangeable and using the wrong one with the camera vs. the receiver would be bad- but the A/C Adapters included are identical, same model, 8-volt, 500-mA adapters.UPDATE: Today when moving the camera to the other side of the house (which by the way gives a terrible picture, lots of interference) we accidentally "tuned" into a neighbor about 6 houses away and on the other side of the street who must have a similar system. We were able to see the image off their camera! They must have a better camera though because I can't get a picture that clear from even 40' away let alone the 200'+ their signal must be traveling. I think this camera does audio too so be warned if using indoors especially your neighbors might be watching AND LISTENING to you!