I purchased this device to act as a monitor when I'm away from home. The instruction booklet gives you just the basics in setting up the device. Despite that, I was able to get the camera up and working about 20 minutes after I received it (I'm not an expert by any means but not a complete novice either.)The only problem I had with the camera is that it would disappear from my network every hour or so. I measured the distance between my wireless router and the camera and it was less than 30 feet... probably right at the edge of 27 feet. I use my wireless laptop in the same room all the time without any problems so I thought maybe I installed the camera wrong. I called Foscam Tech Support. The only reason I bought the Amazon fulfilled camera and not the same camera for a cheaper price from a different dealer on Amazon was for the tech support. I wasted my money on this transaction.Foscam tech support is basically an Indian call center. A loud Indian call center where you can hear nearby "consultants" carrying on conversations in who knows what language. I sat on hold for 10 minutes (not a bad wait for late afternoon) to get some lady with a thick, but understandable accent. I briefly described my problem assuming she would ask whatever follow-up questions she needed to be able to help me - you know, like at any other tech support center in the US. Instead, she tells me to log into my computer and go to a website where I give her a code and she can take control of my computer. I've done something similar with Dell support and I called the tech number from the FOSCAM website so I consented. Rather than ask more questions, she goes through the exact same steps that are provided in the booklet. She keeps clicking and checking ports and finally - since she wouldn't talk to me throughout the process or ask any questions - I tell her the reason why the port is still closed... I have 2 routers (one for the DSL and one for the wireless). One would think she would ask how my network was setup but whatever.... She continues doing the same thing. I'm watching all this and would have to periodically get up and unplug the camera as she requested. Over an hour later, once she got to the end I saw the error sign on the settings page for the camera's website but she concluded that everything was finished and should work properly. I knew darn well it wasn't but I was so tired of her wasting my time that I just said thank you and was about to hang up. Before I hang up the agent asks if I can do a survey on her performance. I say yes thinking it would be a phone survey. Instead, she controls my computer to go to Amazon.com, asks me to log into my account, finds the product page, clicks write a review and then instructs me to click on either the 4 star or 5 star and start typing. My jaw dropped. I have never, ever, ever had a company basically strong arm a favorable review on an Amazon page. I told her I don't have time for this and I disconnected the call. I suspect the 5 star, 2 line reviews for this product are from customers who basically had to perform a shot-gun review of tech support while still under the control of the agent.I'll give a 5 star review for the product ....for now .... but Tech Support gets a 0. I had to redo everything that agent messed up on my computer (the Foscam website forum is tons more helpful than its tech support line). I made sure to change the ports - just in case. Everything is working perfectly now. The camera stays online all the time. I can view and control the camera remotely from the website link. The picture is pretty clear - clearer than I thought it should be for the price - and the microphone picks up everything. I thought I'd have to buy a separate one but it is very sensitive. I haven't set up email alarm alerts since I'm not using it for that purpose. What was the camera disconnecting? I needed to move the wireless router a little closer to the camera. It's now in the center of the house so the camera is about 18-20 feet away. I had to upgrade an old computer to make it wireless but that just cost about $10 and 10 minutes. I should have tried that first than calling tech support. Hindsight is 20/20.Moral of the story - Buy from whomever sells the camera the cheapest and go to the FOSCAM website support forum if you have any questions or issues. You'll get better advice from other FOSCAM owners than whoever FOCSAM has working the phones in Madras or wherever tech support is located.I'll update if I have any problems with the camera but it is meeting expectations at the moment.P.S. A day after I contacted tech support, I began receiving phone calls from some Indian guy telling me to go to my computer and log on because there is erratic activity coming from my computer. I know it's a scam because the person won't identify himself and if you ask what company he is working for he gives you a very generic name like PC Support. Don't know if they are connected with FOSCAM or if FOSCAM sells your phone number after you call tech support but I find it very coincidental. I'm giving FOSCAM the benefit of the doubt that they aren't involved but if others have experienced the same thing shortly after calling tech support I'll change the review to say "Stay Away!"