I had been looking around for an inexpensive, portable, in-home surveillance system to use for monitoring my elderly dog.  I had not actually thought of a 'baby' monitor, but I am pleasantly surprised to find this one, so much so that I intend to add another camera in the near future.The kit comes with one camera and power cable, and one monitor and charging cradle.  Both pieces have built-in rechargeable batteries that power their respective devices for about 5 hours.  I have my camera situated on a bookshelf facing my back door, and the monitor by my desk, where it sits charging in its cradle until I move to another room.  Since I have the camera in a 'permanent' position, it is plugged into a power outlet for all day use.  From my desk, I can now monitor my old dog and see when she is at the back door wanting to go out.  I can also see when she wants to come back in!  If I move to another room, I simply take the monitor with me.The hand held monitor is roughly the size as a small TV remote control (4.5" x 2" x 1.75"), so if fits easily in your pocket for transporting from place to place.  Its wireless range is about 450 feet, depending on what the signal has to go through.  The monitor screen measures 2" x 1.5" (2.5" diagonal) and is bright, colorful, and interference free, even when sitting next to my computer.  The refresh rate on the LCD screen is a little low, which means you will see jerky frames when something or someone moves in front of the camera, but it is sufficient enough for its purpose.  I wish the monitor had some sort of pull out/flip out stand support (like a photo frame does) so what I could stand it up for easy viewing when it is out of its cradle, like on my kitchen counter for example.  As it is, it is more convenient to keep it in its cradle in an upright viewing position.In nighttime conditions, the camera preforms superbly.  The 'sun' ring of IR lights the front of the camera throw enough distance to cover an entire room, making for easy viewing of your subject and surrounds (in night vision gray) even in pitch blackness.  However, make sure you are not pointing the camera at a reflective surface (such as a window or  shiny metal) or else all you will see is a big white blur.The controls on the front of the monitor are basic: MENU (to adjust brightness, power saving, vox, pair up an additional camera) POWER on/off, buttons labeled 1, 2, 3, 4 for switching between up to 4 cameras, and the circular center which you press UP to talk (your voice comes out of the speaker in the camera, and this can be a two way conversation), DOWN to take a snapshot.Unfortunately, the snapshot feature is the one downfall of this otherwise great kit.  The unit comes with a 128MB MicroSD card, but will accept a MicroSD card up to 2GB (sold separately).  Be aware that it only takes still images, not video, as the word "recording" may falsely suggest.  A MicroSD adapter is included in the box.  There is no other way to transfer your snapshots to your computer without pulling the MicroSD card out of the monitor, and using a card reader connected to your PC.  Getting the MicroSD card out of the monitor is extremely difficult, requiring a pointed object, a pair of tweezers, and a delicate hand!  If you are successful, however, you will likely be disappointed by the poor resolution (320 x 240) photo that awaits, which is also mirror imaged (backward) to your original subject.  In other words, don't bother with the snapshot feature.In conclusion, I think the Lorex LW2003 LIVE 'snap' Video Baby Monitor would be something parents would find perfect for monitoring their child (minus the snapshot feature) throughout the day and night.  I'd also recommend it to anyone considering a portable, wireless, in-home surveillance system that can support up to four cameras, including the monitoring of pets, or the elderly, or just any time you might need to have eyes in another room (or rooms).