This camera is very small and unobtrusive.  The base is only about 4 inches in diameter and the camera dome is no more than 3 inches tall.  The image is pretty good, definitely better than the 720p bullet camera I have from Q-See.The camera comes with no printed directions, but does include a CD disk with a manual.  There's lots of info. on Q-See's website, but it is very poorly organized and its hard to tell what is current info.  Much of the following, I figured out on my own.  For example, inexplicably, the manual does not tell you to remove the dome to adjust the orientation of the camera.I had no problems getting the image right side up (like another reviewer did).  If you did have a problem, log on to the camera as described below and there are settings to reverse or mirror the image.  The lens is a fairly wide angle, so plan on using the camera for subjects fairly close (it works best with subjects 10 to 25 feet or so, and not 60+ feet away).To adjust the orientation of the camera, you will need to remove the dome by unscrewing the three hex head screws (accessible from the exterior dome side of the camera).  Careful, the screw's threads strip VERY easily.  You will want to remove the dome to mount the camera to a surface and play with orientation after it is mounted in place.The camera has a microSD slot, which I have not used.Unlike with many bullet cameras, there is no IR on this dome camera.  This means you can see at night - but only with the right lighting conditions.  I first tried the camera aimed out to the street (30 to 50 feet away) to keep an eye on my parked car (which sits under an LED street light) - but I found that was too far away and that anyone walking around the car at night was too backlit at that distance to make out clearly.  I then installed the camera on the soffit of my front porch aimed at my front door - which is about 10 feet away.  I do have an overhead porch light on at night.  In this location, the camera works great, maintaining a good color image, even at night.I have the camera connected (with another) to a Netgear ProSafe POE switch (model GS108PE), which then connects to my network (Apple Airport Extreme, 1st Gen.).  I record with a Q-See QC808 NVR, also connected to the network.The camera has a firmware update (available on Q-See's website) to correct connectivity problems with Macs.  You can log directly onto the camera to make the update and change settings using a browser - Safari and Bonjour in my case.  With a Mac, to see your Bonjour devices, go to Safari Preferences, Bookmarks, check "Include Bonjour" under "Bookmarks Bar"  You will see Bonjour in your Bookmarks Bar and can click to see the camera listed under Webpages.  My cameras shown up this way under the TCZ# that is printed on a sticker on the camera.  Use the camera's default password "admin" to log on to the camera the first time.  Q-See has detailed instructions on the firmware update on their website.