UPDATE 12/23/2012Some flaws of the system that I found out while using this camera.1. The big live screen window has a tendency to lock or freeze but the small screen on the below right of the window doesn't.2. Sometimes the system will not update the recording in the computer although it's been recorded in the micro sd in the camera. This is a cause for concern because I had it set up to record in my network drive so that I can browse it anytime, anywhere. And I will receive an alert via email but won't be able to see it because the system hasn't updated the recording yet in my network drive. In both cases (1&2) you have to physically close and open up the logitech commander.Logitech need to look into these issues and release firmwares to rectify these flaws.PROS. set up is so easy and straight forward. picture quality is outstanding when compared to other camera surveillance system. you can draw area/s on the actual image to trigger motion detection that eliminates unwanted areas for recording falsely.. built in dvr with a microsd card slot for recording in the camera, in that way if your pc is turned off it still records clips. but if, god forbids, an intruder in your house grabbed an removed all the cameras then you will end up with no recording evidence. i suggest you dedicate a pc for the surveillance system that you can keep on all the time. and if you have a cloud service you can have the clips automatically backed up in your cloud and access it anywhere you want when you're away from home. so even if the intruder grabs all the cameras and pc in your home, you have the recording evidence stored in your cloud. plus you will be notified with an email alert that motion was detected.. great iphone app and website monitoring (for full function you have to subscribe)CONS. night vision mode is quite a bit of a disappointment but still way much better than the competition. but if you have a motion triggered light or lights on, picture quality is good.. no way to edit/delete clips in the camera's micro sd remotely from the pc. you can only format the card remotely and then edit the clips saved on your pc.. it seems like the headlight from the car driving at night triggers the recording. i've had a lot of night recordings nothing but cars driving by. the automatic transferring/recording of clips from the camera's sd card to the pc is not instantly and delayed (but maybe because of the home network system). no way to delay or set it on/off remotely(like the alarm security system). so if you are leaving the house it will record your every movement if you happen to run across one.. limited up to only 6 cameras (but you wouldn't use that many for a home security unless you live in a palace)overall, this is a great system even though it comes with a hefty price tag in comparison with other surveillance systems. but it's worth the money!