I wish to start by saying that I am not here to bash Foscam, as I think it could be the technology itself that is so frustrating with these cameras.  Here is my story:  I read a lot of great reviews regarding these cameras which is why I chose Foscam.  I also chose Foscam because they were supposed to be compatible with Mac.  A few reviews stated that they were challenging to set up.  I have a degree in Automation technology, and I am quite proficient with computers, so I was not overly concerned about that.  They arrived quickly.  I was quite impressed with the construction, finish, and design.  They seemed to be well built.  I took out the disc and the manual.  I always read and follow the instructions. I inserted the CD, and the manual stated to download the camera IP folder.  This first step did not work.  Also, it was a zip file for the mac, but a standard file for the PC. (Not so fair for mac users).  I do not have zip software on my mac because I do not normally deal with large files.  Anyway, I bought the zip software for $29.00.  I found out later that there was a free trial, but it was too late.  I already purchased the regular version of it.  Anyway, I did not think that this was a big deal if I could get the cameras to work.  So, I tried to open the file again, and it did not work.  I emailed the zip file company, and they stated that they were having difficulty with certain files opening.  Nice.  I called Foscam and they suggested downloading the file directly from their website.  This worked.  OK.  Finally, I got step one over with.  I think I should mention here that when you call Foscam, they always want to access your computer remotely.  OK, this sounds like a REALLY BAD IDEA.  Okay, I then plugged the camera into my router and proceeded to try to understand all of the steps.  I finally got it to work while plugged in.  After quite a bit of time, I got it to work wirelessly in the house.  I thought I was going to be home free.  I could not get the audio to work, but everything else seemed to be working fine.  Well, The next step is to be able to view the camera from a remote location by typing in a web address.  This involved too many steps to go into here.  It is like a crazy puzzle that you just cannot solve.  I tried to use the website that they suggested in order to obtain an address.  The port forwarding is a nightmare.  I followed the manual, the videos, etc. and I could never get them to work.  I thought that perhaps my cable company was blocking ports.  I called them, and they were not blocking the ports that I was trying to use.  I cannot stress how much time all of this took.  I want to say that I was using all of my spare time for about a week to try and get these things to work.  I do NOT like to give up, but this time I did.  I thought about a certain movie, a rap song, an open field, and a baseball bat (if you know what I mean).  But then I calmed down, and gently placed them neatly into their little boxes and sent them back to Amazon.  I REALLY wanted these to work!!  I do not think that these are for the average consumer.  I believe the community college could teach an entire class on this subject.  I realized later that most of the positive reviews I read were from people who did not view the cameras remotely.  Many of them just wanted to see their kids in the next room.  Also, the only audio that I found to work was an app on my ipod touch.  That actually worked well.  Foscam emailed me and told me that the audio is not compatible with a mac.  They stated that you have to use other software for it.  I tried, and could not get it to work on my mac book pro.This camera would be fine for those who A) Have unlimited patience.  B)  Only want to use them within the household, and not view them remotely.  C) Have excellent skills in advanced routing, surveillance cameras, web hosting, etc.Again, I am not here to bash.  I am just being honest.  I have never been so frustrated with a piece of equipment in my whole life.  I think perhaps this is a technology that is not quite perfected yet.  I hope that they will do so in the future so I can try again.  Good luck!