I like that they market these newer video monitors as "home monitors" rather than just baby monitors, because it's true--they're great for ALL households, not just for new parents!We have two little ones, about 2 and 4, so while I don't feel the need to monitor them during naps as much anymore, having a little video monitor like this is WONDERFUL. And I can see us using it daily for many years, as long as it keeps working that long! It's great to be able to work on dinner in the kitchen while my girls play across the house and I can STILL keep a close eye on them. If we think we hear them at night, we can easily check on them via the video monitors to see if they are awake and need something without risking going in and waking them up if it was just a false alarm. Plus, I can scold and break up (most) fights while still cooking or cleaning. Not that children should go completely ignored because of a video monitor, but it's a luxury you don't understand until you've used one of these video monitors! Both you and your children have more freedom AND safety in their own home.This Lorex home monitor is very nice and works great for us. Setup was extremely easy, we were up and running within a couple minutes! I like that the monitor charges on it's base, but you can pick it up and take it with you at any time, it won't shut off. You can set the two cameras up to sequence, or display their images side-by-side constantly. Or, you can just chose to show any one camera at any given time and turn off the sequencing. I read that you can add up to 4 cameras with this monitor, and I'm thinking we might just have to add one or two! Although our house is small, this home monitor can also serve for home security purposes, not just keeping an eye on kids.One of the cameras that comes with this set is stationary, but the other one can tilt and rotate, which is really nice. You can purchase additional cameras of either type to go with your monitor. I also really love that it came with a little SD card, and I've already recorded a few cute videos of my girls playing, unaware they were being watched. What a great feature. Other nice features include a temperature display, this is really nice for us because we have an old house and live in a cold winter state, I love being able to check the temperature of my girls rooms at night. Also, there is a talk button, handy for all sorts of reasons--soothing your kids, scolding if they're fighting or about to be naughty, or calling them to supper, etc. We have found that you do have to hold down the Talk button for a good long second or two before speaking into it, and also hold it for another second before releasing, just a tip.This is the second video monitor we've owned (the other was by Levana), and both my husband and I feel that this one seems to be well made and sturdier than others we've seen. Two small complaints, as other reviewers have noted, the display is not quite as clear and quality as the product images show. It's not the best quality, true. But we have a good DSLR that we use for getting good pictures, this product is simply a monitor. As long as I can tell whether or not my child is either in bed or climbing on furniture, that's good enough for me! The other small complaint is that the volume on the monitor doesn't get very loud. Other reviewers have mentioned it, and I agree with them, so I'm listing it here. BUT, that said, this doesn't bother us as at all. In fact, I really don't like to hear my kids screaming and squealing that loud anyway. A dull, muted version is fine by me, I hear enough of it in the car and at the store. Kids are loud, the monitor doesn't have to be. This monitor gets loud enough for US. However, I can see how this might bother others, especially if you have a newborn. So those are just two small things to consider before you purchase.This video monitor is full of great features, and it seems to be very well made, we're so happy with it! I think most other customers would be, too. But if the lack of volume and screen quality are really important features to you, you might want to shop around a little more. For us, this one is just great, and we definitely recommend it to others.