The best advice I can give anyone is to just read the user guides that come with the software. I have seen so many negative reviews stating that the camera doesn't do this or that but when I got the camera and did a little bit of reading in their own user guide I found out it can do it. I could see how the concepts of networking and wireless can be confusing but their two user guides, one for the camera and the other for the software have step by step instructions to help you get through it.When you get the camera first thing you just have to plug it into your network with the physical connector. It comes with a program called Bsearch_en. Run that on your windows machine and click search. Just follow the directions outlined in the documentation and you should be at the web interface fairly quickly. From there you can change the username, set the sensitivity of the motion detection and all that.The included software for the camera also worked great. I loaded up IPCMonitor and after reading the documentation saw that you can record as much video or take screen shots as you want. You can set it to straight record any time period or you can actually set it to record based on motion detection. If you want the motion detection to pick up something small you just have to set the motion sensitivity way up.The camera is also reasonably good at seeing in low light. It isn't the best camera by far but the fact that it has decent IR capability on such a cheap monitor is impressive. The microphone pickup and communication back isn't great but it would be reasonable if you had this setup at a door way. Also there is a manual ring around the camera that I found would greatly improve the quality of the image. I just kept sliding it around for a little while until I found the best setting for my room.I also followed the directions in section 4 and have the camera setup so I can watch it on my android phone. They provided a camera viewer on the CD but it was really bad and wouldn't even keep your settings. I wound up setting up IP cam viewer lite for my needs. My one only complaint and it is very minor is that the camera can't handle too many feeds at one time. I was using the camera software, and the android phone and stream got kind of choppy. The video was plenty good enough to see what was going on.The camera though gets five out of five stars with me. It has so much versatility and power for under $50. I have been able to customize and leave it out where I need to and have it only record when motion happens, even for just the hours that I want it to. The only feature that I could possibly really want is zoom but for my needs that doesn't really apply. Feel free to leave a comment to this if you find it helpful, or maybe need some help in general with this camera.