I purchased this camera to use as a cheep wireless IP webcam.  It offers the ability to hook into your network either with the wireless WSP functionality or with an ethernet connection.  It is fairly small with the camera being about the size of an iphone (maybe about 80% that size). The base allows for you to mount it in multiple settings, but be clear, this is a very simple design...not rocket science by any means.  The ac power cord is about 4 feet long.Setup: I ran into an issue when I was trying to set up the wireless connection.  I could not get my camera and wireless router to talk at all.  I called tech support (the free version) and they were useless.  The rep had no clue about the specific devise and it is clear that he was just in a large call center that probably supports dozens if not hundreds of products.  I had NO problem when I hooked it into my network via an ethernet cable.  The set up application runs very nicely and easily gives you the option to select either wireless or wired set up as needed.Back to my wireless problem.  I decided that I would pay $32 for D-Links premium support for 30 minutes of help...I rolled the dice, as they do not guarantee they will fix your problem for your investment, but I had a feeling my issue was something simple with my network configuration...and I was right.  The rep was great, she remoted into my pc, checked out my wireless settings on my router and determined that I had a bad character in my site name.  None of my other wireless products had a problem with the character, but the D-Link cam did not like it.  She changed the name of my wireless network, we restarted the router,and instantly the camera linked in wirelessly.I am absolutely convinced that if I had not had a dash in my wireless network name, then this wireless set up would have been a breeze.  So, I can't place blame for this issue on D-Link, but it was interesting that no other wireless device I use had a problem with the naming convention of the network.Once that hurdle was cleared, it has been smooth sailing.  I really like the ease of use and the functionality included with the set up...through a web interface, you can control video size, audio (yes it has a mic and sends the audio over IP in realtime), you can set motion detection, auto emailing on detection, and it even has a built in ftp server to send the images where ever you like.Simple camera that does exactly what it says...it provides decent video and audio wirelessly to your network and then you can do with it what you want.Pros: Simple, straight forward, nice setup application used on your pc, D-Link offers free remote viewing via their web portal MyD-link, and they also offer a free iPhone app (no audio on the iPhone app).Cons: Seems somewhat fragile...I would not want to drop it form more than a foot off the ground.  A fall from any higher seems would shatter it.Overall I think this is a really good value.((Update Dec. 18, 2011)So I have had this camera in service for over a year now...and it has been installed outside, under an eave of my house.  It has no additional protection from the elements...just its own casing and the few inches of cover provided by the eave.  It has been subjected to all the weather Atlanta receives in a year...heat 95+, cold 9, wind, rain, humidity, etc. The verdict...GREAT..not one issue with it.  So, I just purchased three more for outdoor viewing around the house.  I put one into service yesterday and had NO problems with setup at all.  Used the auto network connect feature on the camera and my Netgear router and it hooked in within a minute.  Great little camera and with the price dropped to $70, I think it will be hard to beat it.