Let me first say that a product or service has to be truly exceptional before I'll take the time to write a positive review, and the instances I've given a five-star rating is even more rare. My only regret about purchasing this system is that I didn't do it sooner. Two family members also have the system, one for commercial use and the other for residential, and they both love it as well.I purchased the 17-Piece Ultimate Package at $539.85, and later added a second keypad. For years I'd researched various security companies and systems, and I always walked away in disgust at the exorbitant rates, not to mention the blatant scare tactics. I'd received $1200 quotes on other installed security systems, both wireless and wired, but I just didn't feel good about doing business with these companies with their overpriced equipment, high monitoring fees and Gestapo-like contracts.At first, I was a bit intimidated at the prospect of setting up a security system on my own. But I was pleasantly surprised at how easy it was. In the end, I liked having the freedom to set it up on my own time and pace, and consider the best placement of the components for my home and situation.This system really has brought me peace of mind, at a reasonable cost for both equipment and monitoring. The basic monitoring is only $15 - compared to the typical $30/$35 of most services. The add-on components are also much less than the typical price. For example, an extra door/window sensor is $15. Several of the other companies I researched charge up to $35. This was significant for me, as I live in a ranch home and so I needed a lot of sensors to cover every entry point.As with any system, there are additional features one would ideally like to have. In this case, it would be helpful if the keypad and keyfob had an indicator to show the status of the system (On-Home, On-Away, or Off). And when I last checked, the company had not yet developed and offered glass break sensors. But I also recognize that these "nice to have" features would likely increase the cost of what is an economical system.If you have pets, as I do, it may take a bit of experimenting to find the right placement for the motion sensors. I had to move one of the sensors higher than the recommended 5 feet from the floor. I discovered the Away setting was fine if it was only my cat walking through the house, but my dogs would trigger the motion sensor (likely when my little dog jumped up on a recliner near the sensor).SimpliSafe is a truly refreshing company in this age of greed and fine-print "gotcha" tactics. My experience is that what they claim on their site is not merely marketing spiel simply to reel you in - as is too often the case - but rather is a true reflection of their fair price products/services and customer-friendly policies.I've called SimpliSafe for support twice, and both times the service was excellent. The first time was when I attempted to activate the service after the installation and my components were not connecting with their system. A helpful, knowledgeable CSR walked me through a few steps and I was connected within minutes. The second time was after I bought a second keypad for the back door. I wasn't sure I actually needed it after I discovered I could set Home from the keyfob by holding down the Off and Away buttons at the same time. (The keyfob has three buttons: Away, Off, and Panic.) The CSR said it was not a problem to return the keypad at a full refund. In the end, I decided to keep it, but it was nice to know I had the option of a return without a hassle. I can't count the number of people I've told about SimpliSafe. I highly recommend this security system.