I read some not-so-great reviews of this on Amazon and was a bit worried even though it received overall good ratings and reviews. Here is what you need to know...1. The range isn't great if you are going through several walls in your house. I can put 5-6 walls between the camera and receiver (the LCD screen) and it will stretch from one end of my house to the other (camera outside, TV inside), so about 60+ feet, and it works fine and I'll see 2-3 out of 5 signal bars (which indicate the signal strength). But, I will see some interference with the receiver within a few feet of other electronics at this distance, under that 60 foot span and interference doesn't seem to be an issue. Take a bunch of walls out of the equation and the range seems to go 100+ feet with ease.2. It's a digital signal so rather than getting a bad picture when the signal goes week you'll either lose the picture or it would appear that the framerate drops. This is actually a good thing since you still capture video (and audio) even without a perfect signal. Overall, the framerate isn't spectacular. It's way better than most "caught on film" type surveillance footage we've all seen (I'm looking at you Pentagon 9/11 footage) but I'd guess we're talking about 10-15 FPS at best? If the signal drops it goes down to just a few FPS (roughly).3. You get a 2Gb SD card but you can use up to a 32Gb card to get up to (their claim) 60 or so hours of recording, at which point you can set it to overwrite the card and start over.4. The cameras capture audio VERY well. I could hear (while I watched) people walking 50-75+ feet away, you can hear cars coming long before they appear on your street, you can hear anyone walking or talking anywhere around the camera (50-75+ feet easily). You can push a button and talk back so that the camera outputs your voice to them as well, great for a front door camera!5. The recording functions work well, but once recording you can't do certain things like change the volume or change cameras. So if you set it to record you are stuck on whatever screen it is one (which will be 1 camera at a time or the 4 camera split screen). It's easy enough to stop/start recording if you needed to change something but seems odd not to let me adjust the volume while recording. If you set it to use the motion record then this isn't likely to be an issue for you.6. The motion sensor does have some limits so it would be fine for anyone close to your house/camera but things across a street (for example) don't seem to trip it. This makes sense, it's really the same technology as a motion sensing security light so until you are relatively close it doesn't trip the sensor.7. The night vision works great and it seems to light up a decent area. It normally shows up in color but night vision will be black and white as usual. In all cases, the picture is very good, very clear. On that note, it's a 640x480 image the cameras send back. Not exactly HD, but pretty good for what it is.8. Setting it up couldn't be easier and this is one of the few items that truly is plug and play. Plug in the camera power. Plug in the TV power, flip the TV to on. You're done. It's all paired and just works.Overall, this thing is awesome and for the price you can't beat it. I'd highly recommend this for casual surveillance of your house, like watching front door, checking for package deliveries, keeping an eye on a normal sized front yard area, etc.