We already have this one Summer Infant Day and Night Handheld Color Video Monitor with 1.8" Screen - Silver, but after a few years, and being dropped a few times, the battery doesn't hold a charge very long, and the sounds cuts out now again.  We needed to get a replacement* Compact, rechargeable camera, and video monitor - it is a bit smaller than the one we have.  The rechargeable camera sounds like nice feature, but I doubt we would use it often enough to make it that valuable a feature.* Snap, store, and share with microSD recording - WOW! I was excited about this feature until I got it.  Was I wrong.  The image quality is not that great in the image, and for the most part I think we'd be taking pictures of sleeping babies in the dark.  In order to take a picture of baby's first steps, you would have to have the camera pointed at them with one hand, and hold the monitor with the other.* Talk with Baby (Two-way audio communication) - Another feature I was looking forward to, but the sound of our voice tended to agitate more than soothe our child.  Most of the time he just wants us in the room for a minute until he falls back asleep.  Our presence was more important than the sound of our voice.* See baby at all times with automatic night vision - This actually works pretty well in comparison.  It reveals images in the dark quite evenly and well.  You really can't tell that the lights are out.  our current monitor doesn't do as well.  It as a bit of a bright spot in the middle of the image.* Secure, interference-free, long-range digital signal - Maybe secure, but the rest was not true for us at all.* VOX - In theory sounds great.  I would love the monitor to run silent unless baby makes a sound, but it did work.  It just kept turning on.* Support for up to four cameras -  Our current monitor can support two cameras.  This feature seems like something you would want more in a security system than a monitor.What they don't really tell you:* The system runs in 2.4GHz radio spectrum.  It did not work well at our house with all the Wi-Fi, cordless phones and etc.  Range was not as far as the one already have, and it had a lot of audio noise.* The system is truly digital.  That means the image is captured, encoded / compressed, and then transmitted digitally like a cell phone.  There is no static.  The signal is either present or drops out completely.  Nothing in between.  The audio quality in either direction suffers a bit from over compression and things sound like they are underwater.  Sort of like a poorly encoded MP3 song.* The monitor is shaped like a small cell phone, but the speaker is on the back.  Seems like an odd place.  You sort of have to choose between looking at the and covering the speaker with your hand, or turning it around to hear the audio and covering the screen.  We heard more random interference noise from the speaker than we heard the baby's room.  I tried turning the volume up, but that just made the noise louder.  I could hardly hear what was going on in the room.