Phil's review of the Dropcam Wireless Monitoring Camera ($150.00 version)This is a Prime item, so it arrived 2 days after I ordered it, no shipping charges.  What a great program Prime is.In the box were the camera and mounting frame, USB cord, and adapter (similar to iPad power adapter).  Honestly, I plugged one end of the USB cord into the camera, the other end into my computer's USB port, and it automatically found my router.  It asked for the ID number of the router (which is printed on my router), it verified it, and I was up and running.  That took all of about 3 minutes.  It did NOT ask me for 801.3 numbers, or WPA, WEP, WAC, or any other scary settings.  Plugged it into the computer, it found my Wi-Fi automatically, asked for the ID number that's printed on my router, and I was set.I took the camera to where we had decided to set it up, and plugged it into a wall outlet.  The 10' cord was long enough, but I think that if an outlet was farther away, you could probably just use a household extension cord.I had turned my computer OFF, so I wasn't sure if it would work like that, but I thought I'd give it a try anyway.  I turned on my iPad, downloaded the free app, and accessed it.  There was a button to turn the camera ON.  Immediately, I had a beautiful live color picture of our living room.  This easy setup convinced me that all the other features of the camera would work as advertised, and they did.  You can "rewind" the video 5 minutes, and with the CVR function (an optional added monthly or yearly subscription, but they give you a free 2 week trial) you can view any activity from either 7 days or 30 days prior.PROS*******EASY setupExcellent picture qualityOutstanding very low light (or no light) picture (infrared LED system)Two way sound!Simple, intuitive controlsRemote access via computer, tablet, or phone (Android or Apple)!  A fantastic feature.Can be set (EASILY...really) to alert you via email whenever there is motion detected, and allows you to "filter out" alerts for known moving objects such as pets.  It learns to recognize your pet's size, color, speed, etc. so that you can set it, if you wish, to NOT send alerts for certain things.You can make and save clips, and share with others.  EASYExcellent Customer Service (I called them just to see how good their CS was)One of those products that turn out to be FUN to useProduct performance and features exceeded my expectationsCONS*******The circular camera (about the size of a hockey puck) snaps into the metal frame.  When I opened the box for the first time, the camera had "snapped out" of the frame and fell out.  No damage, but they should print a warning to that effect on the box.  That's about the only negative I can come up with.SUMMARY***********I would (and have) recommend this to friends and family.  We used it to monitor our dog while we were on vacation.  But it can be used as a security device (it is for indoor use only, but you can sit it on a window sill pointing outward and monitor your yard, driveway, etc....remotely!)  We were on vacation 1500 miles from home, but whenever we wanted to, we d just pull up the app on our phone, and boom, the live picture popped right up.  Now that we're back from vacation, we've set it up to monitor our back yard, so that whenever we're out, we can turn on the camera remotely, and it will alert us to motion.  We're getting another one for the front yard too.  The nice thing is that you can move the camera to different locations, and no additional setup is required.There are other monitoring cameras on the market, but none compare with the ease of setup of the Dropcam.  No need to enter IP addresses, security codes, etc.In a word, this product's design, operation, and performance is ELEGANT.