First of all, the D-Link camera is relatively easy to set up - always the one to play with techie stuff first, my husband had it up and running in a flash (well almost a flash).  Just attach the supplied cable to your computer, run the CD and follow the simple instructions and you're good to go.  According to the instructions, you have two options to set up the camera: wirelessly or wired. Naturally, my husband tried the wireless option first, which didn't work because it claimed (spuriously, we believe) that it couldn't find the network, so he had to resort to the other method, which worked right away. We're using a Linksys wireless router.The camera works quite well indoors where the intensity of the ambient light is generally much lower than outdoors. However, in the brighter outdoor light it is difficult to discern what you're looking at (is it a bird, is it a plane?). The colour is not the best, but then again, it ain't a Nikon 7000. There is some amount of adjustment that can be done online to change the settings, but you'll need to create an online account/register your camera first with D-Link at [...] This is also necessary if you want to view your camera remotely. Strange enough, whenever I try to access the camera online, I get a message telling me that the application needs an earlier version of Java. However, after hitting <Run> for the next three dialogue boxes or so that pop up, it will display the picture. I tried accessing the camera from outside my home network but was unable to do so. Maybe firewall issues?? (Too much effort required to check this). There is also an iPod app that is quite good, minus sound.Night vision was surprisingly good too. In the dark, the images were shades of grey, but in brighter conditions, the colour returned. Four LED lights lit up whenever the night vision was activated (could be an issue if you wanted to place it somewhere discrete).On the down side, the camera has to be plugged into an electrical socket to work, and the cord it came with is very short. This means you have to either place it near an electrical outlet or use an extension cord. This would obviously have limitations on where you can place it. It also has to be connected to your home network whether wired or wireless.While in theory it could be used as a security camera, it has to be powered 24/7, so if you live in a country or area prone to an uneven power supply which could damage sensitive equipment, then you may want to consider that before getting it or you may need to install additional equipment such as line conditioners/UPS to protect your equipment.The sound is not very good. In fact, after a few hours use it started to make a clicking sound in an endless loop.Recommended for limited applications such as keeping an eye on kids (or pets, or pesky guests), or when you're avoiding (hiding from) certain people who come calling at your gate, but not as a dedicated security system.Amanda Richards, June 29, 2011