Don't let the low price fool you. Even IF their product is good quality there is NO support phone number on their website except for the 3rd party call center number on their website. If you want tech support you have to fill out a form on their website and hopefully they will get back to you in a timely manner. When I called the customer support line for pre-sales questions the lady I spoke with put me on hold a couple minutes just to look up the model number of this product. Then when she finally found it I asked a simple question. "Does your company have 24/7 phone support for your clients?" She said I had to fill out a form to get tech support and there was no direct number and that all she was was a sales rep. I told her "but the automated voice on the phone told me to dial 1 for sales and PRE-SALES questions." Yet she knew nothing about the product. Sounds to me this Defender company has hired a 3rd party call center, who probably takes care of hundreds of other call centers for other company's, and does not know anything about the product. Then when you want support its non existent. Maybe there is a support number somewhere hidden on their website or on the manual when you get the product but first impression I got was that this company is a hit and run company. They sell you a product and give you no support.Because of the poor support and little to no answer to my pre-sales questions I was turned off immediately to this company. I would suggest you do your homework before you buy from this company.UPDATE: 12/1/2013I purchased this from Wal-Mart Ship-to-store in case this product is a bust and wouldn't have to go through Amazon and do all the shipping hassle. As I feared this product is extremely limited and full of security risks. Let me explain...1. First if the DVR loses power for any reason it goes into auto channel mode instead of quad mode. This means if you have 2-4 cameras it would give a thief plenty of security holes to bypass your camera since this DVR will only record during an active connection to a SINGLE camera unless in quad mode. So in other words there is about a 15 second window security window.2. While in quad mode recorded schedules do not work.3. There is no remote control. Remote control meaning viewing recorded or live feed via the internet, app or even on your local lan. The only way to view it is either through a tv using the a/v cables or by physically taking out the SD and inserting it into your computer.4. The quality. Oh my gosh the quality is horrible. I had to have my wife's face 2 feet from the camera in order to know what I was looking at. This security system will by no means provide visible evidence to identify a burglar or anyone for that matter unless they stair right into the camera 2 feet away. Otherwise its all block and pixelated.5. This only records in 5, 15 and 30 second intervals when motion is detected. Why not record motion until it stops?6. The GUI is extremely basic that a 10 year old could of written the language. Probably made using Pascal. If you don't know the coding language pascal its a dead computer language no one uses anymore.The only good things I can think of that can come out of this was its ease to pair the cameras and DVR together and its simplicity to use it only because this system performs the most basic of functions. This is more of a toy for kids then an actual surveillance system.My recommendation is to stay away from this product. This might of been top of the line 20 years ago but we have what you call HD 1080p quality now a days. The best you could get out of this is VHS quality or even lower.