I ordered this system not expecting the latest greatest technology.  It serves its purpose, mostly as a deterrent and a way to record what goes on around the house.  Installation takes time, you have to figure where to mount cameras, drill holes, fish wires, etc., all part of the normal process.  Setup of the DVR was relatively easy, plugged it in, turned it on and use the mouse to configure.The camera's work well for daylight, but only so so for night vision, but this is pretty common.  The video and pictures are relatively clear within the first 10 to 15 feet.  Beyond that however, you're going to have a hard time clearly identifying someone. I don't see a benefit to "Ultra Resolution" cameras as advertised over the others I have and use.  Again, I wasn't expecting them to be the same as a high dollar true hi-rez camera but I was expecting a tad bit better picture/video.The installation instructions (on the DVD) were average. They could provided a better and clearer understanding of recommended hole size to drill in order to fish the wires, but I figured it out on my own quickly enough.  In one case fishing the wires, they separated from the camera completely rendering the camera completely inoperable.  I will chalk that up to my own installation error, but since it didn't happen to the other 3 camera's, it's more likely the splice at the camera wasn't done properly at the factory.The software on the DVR is very plain, nothing fancy here, but some of the icons are a bit cryptic to figure out.  You'll need to take a few minutes to get used to the graphical user interface and some of the configuration settings. The documentation is included on the enclosed mini-DVD, also available via their website.  I found it easier to use a browser to view and configure the cameras by hitting the Static IP I setup and connecting to my home network.I'm also using the IP Forwarding to view the cameras from offsite, using Android devices (a tablet, and a Samsung SG3) to view them from anywhere around the house, or when I'm on the road.  I installed the free version of IP Cam Viewer, setup the app to find the DVR on a Static IP I was forwarding through the firewall, then had to select Lorex ECR System with Client Port and turned off "Use Experimental h.264 dvr code" in the IP Cam Viewer app. These are settings in the app, not the DVR. So now when I hear a noise or someone rings the doorbell, I reach for my Android Phone to check the camera feeds.  Very nice to have.I had 2 support related issues, and sent 2 emails to their support department (Defender-USA).  One of my issues received a partial reply 36 hours later, the other I was able to resolve on my own.  Customer Service was provided by "Ian", who continually followed up with me over the last few weeks via phone, and via email. While it took some time to get the info I needed to resolve the issue, Ian and Customer Service made things right so I'm happy they kept following up. I'm updating my review and rating as a result of his work, and I would buy from them again without question as a result of the continual support.UPDATE:  Now that I've had the system for quite a while now, I'm still very happy with my purchase and the performance of the system.  Using my Android devices with IP Cam Viewer (see notes above to configure it)along with the IP port forwarding features, I can check the camera's anytime, from anywhere.