I purchased two of these systems. My intent is to have four wireless cameras and one receiver, attached to a 17" flat screen LCD TV monitor. Installation of the receiver and setup was pretty easy. I paired all the cameras in the house first, then went about installing cameras outdoors. Note that the cameras are "weather-resistant", not weatherproof, and the product literature does state this. For my application I was able to install cameras under the eaves of home and garage, so they will be afforded some protection from weather.The range of the cameras is spec'd at "up to 450 feet", but clearly this is line of sight with no obstructions. I located the receiver and monitor in our kitchen area. Camera 1 and 2 are mounted outside under the eaves of the house, maybe 40' point to point distance from the receiver. The signal passed through metal siding and walls, glass doors... and video reception is pretty good. Camera 3 is mounted under the eaves of the garage, maybe 80' away. Reception drops out frequently. The garage and eaves are all metal siding, so maybe this is a factor. Video does get to the receiver, but if you monitor signal strength it will be three bars, then drop to one, then it regains and displays OK. On occasion video drops completely and NO SIGNAL is displayed for several minutes. I think this could be resolved if the antennas on both camera and receiver were a little better, or perhaps provide a flexible length of coaxial cable so the antennas can be oriented in a different location. I did find that if I hold up the receiver to about 6' in the dining area near the wall that reception improves and is steady.... but this is reminscient of fiddling with the rabbit ears on a 1960's TV (some of you will remember that) to get a decent picture.My solution may be to build a little shelf and put the receiver there. That may actually work fine.Video itself is pretty decent. Perhaps not high enough resolution to read a license plate on a car in the driveway, but good enough to see what kind of car and color. Viewing video in quad mode (all four cams at once) is a cool feature, but recording is disabled in quad mode and video quality seems slightly reduced.The hardest part of installing the cameras is getting power to them. I have had to tap off external light circuits and run power closer to the camera installation, but that was not too hard to do.Camera 4 is not yet installed, but now that I know 80' through a lot of walls is about the range limit I will be more careful where I install it (and check the location first by using an extension cord, THEN do the install.)Also, I did note that video quality is pretty good and does not seem to interfere at all with wireless internet. That's a big plus.Overall I would consider the system good value for the cost.We own an older SVAT wireless system that my wife uses to check her animals in the barn. It still works but is susceptible to wireless phone and wireless internet interference. This system does not seem to have that issue.