I did a lot of research before deciding which monitor to buy. I have a 28 month old and a 10 month old and I will be having my third in late July so I wanted to buy the monitor I wanted the most because I will be using it for years. I wanted one with several features that this one has.I wanted one that could monitor multiple rooms and have the option of a split screen or full screen. I do wish that the screen would only split in half since I only monitor 2 rooms right now but it's not a big deal because even when the view of one room is 1/4 of the size of the screen it's still about as big as the full screen was on my old monitor.I also wanted one with the talk-to-baby function because my 2 year old is in a toddler bed and she loves to get up and destroy her room so now I can talk to her and tell her to get back in bed. The speaker only talks in the room that you have full screen too.Another important feature was the sound bar. There is only one sound bar so it only works when it's on a one room view or alternating between rooms but it's very accurate and convenient.I also really wanted one that could take pictures/video (I haven't tried this yet but I'm glad this monitor has that ability) and the ability to monitor from a phone or other device when I'm away (again, haven't tried yet).Other things I love about this monitor: the temperature display (usually fairly accurate), the battery life on the monitor itself, the charging dock (so convenient and no issues with the magnetic pull being so strong that it moves the whole dock), the kickstand on the monitor, the ease of use (I've never even read the instruction manual other than to sync the second camera...So easy to use!), the clarity of the picture (even at night with the night vision on), the pan-tilt camera (I do wish it could zoom too and also that it had a nightlight on it like the stationary camera), the wide view of the stationary camera and the nightlight, the date and time display (nice to know what time baby is waking up in the middle of the night), the volume levels (no issues at all...I usually have it on 1 or 2 if at all and it's plenty loud, even from a few feet away), the ability to mount the cameras on the wall (hardware included with monitor), the ability to turn off the video part to reserve the battery when the monitor is off the dock, the size of the monitor screen, and the overall quality of the system.I have turned on the music to see what it's like but I don't use it because my youngest sleeps without any noise and my oldest has a particular cd she listens to at bedtime. I seriously love this monitor and recommend it to everybody I know because I've been so pleased.I haven't put batteries in the cameras but they do have that option but I like that they can be plugged in too so they don't just die in the middle of the night. I intend to add on another pan-tilt camera in the future and maybe an inside/outside camera too for home security. I was a little surprised that only the front part of the monitor is black and the rest is white but I still love it and couldn't be happier with what I got for my money! :)I also love that it's digital so it's fully secure and I haven't had any interference because of our phones or other devices. I never accidentally hit the talk button or music buttons either as some reviews said when I was looking. The music buttons aren't anywhere near the things I use while monitoring (they're only next to the power button which slides so there isn't any mistaking the buttons) and the talk button is larger and below all of the other buttons so I never have issues with that either.I hope this helps any other parents looking for something very specific!