I have purchased several Foscam IP Cameras in the past.  Most recently an FI9821W, an FI8910W, and this FI8620 for outdoor use.  I have been working as a Software Engineer and Network Administrator since the mid 1980's.  I know my way around a network and am very computer literate.  Consider this perspective when you read the rest of this review.Anyway, getting the camera set up and talking on the network was easy - no problems there.  However, I am completely UNABLE to get this camera to work properly with ANY browser in my Windows environment.  As a computer specialist, I have Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Chrome all loaded on my PC.  I can obtain an initial connection to the device with any of these just fine, but once I try to log in I can never get any video stream to display at all!  ...regardless of which browser I try.  (You actually have to log in TWICE)  The control screen is there but I can never get a proper video stream.  IE presents a "Login Fail" on the video screen (and I did install the ActiveX plugin they require).  Firefox and Chrome both present a "negotiating" message from the quicktime plugin which goes on forever.  I did not have any such problems with the 9821 and 8910 cameras but this 860 is pure crap.  I think the hardware build is fine, but the software is absolutely brain dead.  I am running Win8 (64 bit) but I have also tried getting a video stream from an XP computer (32 bit) in our office without success.  I have done lots of internet research and found a note saying that the TCP service port should be changed (which I did) but it did not help.  I also read that the software does not like 64 bit environments so I tried 32 bit Windows XP (which did not help).  I also tried disabling my AntiVirus software and that also was not useful.  I tried calling Tech Support, waited 20 minutes, gave the "offshore" support guy a brief description of my problem and then was mysteriously disconnected.So now I've dialed back in and am waiting again.  I'm writing this review as I wait.  That's what I do in these types of situations.  If they think that disconnecting a call will make me give up, they are wrong.  I will try again, and then spend the extra time making sure other potential customers know about the issue...So completely no luck with any browser connections what-so-ever...I have also tried this camera with the Blue Iris software which seems to work except that the video image is running at the wrong resolution and it keeps resetting each time I try to change it.  Blue Iris also has no ability to focus the camera.I also tried the Foscam CMS (Camera Management System) and it also appears to display at the wrong resolution and likewise provides no ability to focus the camera.I have tried downloading and updating the camera with the latest firmware.  (I think the firmware downloadable from their web site is actually OLDER than what was originally installed on the camera - but the original stuff wasn't working anyway...)For a camera costing more than $400 this is absolutely crap.  In fact, I have basically 0 functionality so its junk at any price.  The other, cheaper, Foscam cameras seemed OK, but this one is going back ASAP!BEWARE!