Made in China. I'll explain below why this may be a serious issue.This camera works nicely. This is the second one I've purchased to watch the caregivers who give care to my elderly parents.The only software I have to operate it is what comes with it. The software is adequate, permitting me to view and record, with audio and timestamp, multiple cameras simultaneously. The camera operates easily from the software, panning left-right and up-down. The camera can be focused for a range of distances, but only manually so far, since the default software doesn't operate this. I don't know whether the focus can be operated by software.When you install the camera, it is given a local IP address on your LAN. The view/record software operates through your browser. However, with multiple cameras, regardless of which IP address you enter, the software selects the first installed camera. You can then include additional cameras in multiple view windows (4 or 9 simultaneously), but you can't view any single camera. Only the first camera can be viewed individually.Microsoft Windows is the preferred operating system and Internet Explorer (IE) is the preferred browser. Only IE provides full functionality. With other browsers, and hence other operating systems, you cannot access multiple cameras connected to your network simultaneously, you cannot access the audio input or output, and you cannot record. These features are available only with IE.The software controls, e.g., panning and recording, operate on any selected camera. The selected camera's image is highlighted with a yellow border. The other camera images are highlighted in white. This may be difficult to distinguish. When any one camera has been set to record, the record icon changes to a stop icon. When any camera's audio has been enabled for recording, the record icon changes to a stop icon. When another camera is selected, the icons remain in their stop appearance. So you can't tell from the icons the state of an individual camera. If you have turned timestamp on for a camera, the timestamp appears at the bottom of that camera's image. The timestamp indicates "recording" and "audio", so you need to look at the timestamp to see the state of each camera. If a camera isn't recording or doesn't have its audio on, clicking the record and audio icons turns recording and audio on, even if the icons are in the stop position when you click them. They don't affect recording or audio of unselected cameras. Of course, when they're in the stop position, you can't tell what function they represent, because they just appear as a small square. You must remember the function of each icon by its position on screen.Four stars because I would like better software. Even if I had to buy software, I would give this another star if the manufacturer would tell me what software I can use. (As a computer engineer, I'm considering writing my own. But that's not my first choice. And it won't help anyone else who's considering buying this.)The camera can be given a WAN port for Internet access, e.g., view from a computer, smart phone, or tablet via browser from anywhere in the world, if you know the public IP address, fixed at the factory, port number that you assign, username that you assign, and password that you assign.(Now, here it's important to know that I am a computer engineer who has developed a variety of embedded electronic systems.) Engineers frequently include a so-called back door in their products especially for troubleshooting. This isn't done maliciously, but can be used maliciously. Regardless of the alleged security of having you select a port, username, and password that no one else knows. it is possible that the camera has a back door that can be opened by anyone who knows the key. That key may be known by anyone at the manufacturer. But also, anyone who buys one of these cameras can read the firmware and find the key.This means also that, if such a back door exists, it just wouldn't matter what you were doing with the camera, e.g., watching, recording, or even neither watching nor recording. As long as the camera is powered on and is connected to your LAN and your LAN is connected to the Internet, it can be accessed from the Internet. Even without a back door, it may be possible to hack into the camera, as well as any other device on your Internet-connected LAN.I wouldn't worry too much about having this camera in an area where I wouldn't be concerned about keeping my windows open to the world. But i wouldn't place this camera in any sensitive area.Oh, yeah. About the title for this review. da ge means big brother in Chinese (approximate Mandarin pronunciation). :)