The Philips In.Sight home monitor is a stylish and simple way to watch over your home while you're away, but be sure to check the limitations before you buy.For starters, do not bother purchasing this device unless you have at least one iOS device, preferably an iPhone.  Do not purchase this device as a long term security solution unless you're going to stick with iPhones as your current and future cell phone.  Also, as of mid Oct 2012, this camera doesn't really work with iOS 6.  It worked under iOS 5, and I'm sure they'll eventually update the app, but if you need a security camera to work right now, I would check to see if there have been any app updates in Oct 2012 or later.HARDWAREAs for the In.Sight itself, it is a rather nifty looking camera.  It feels solid and durable, and it was thoughtfully designed.  It comes with two bases, one that can be installed on side walls, and one for a ceiling/table.  It also comes with mounting drywall screws.  The camera has strong magnet on the bottom of the unit, and that allows it to magnetically connect to the ceiling/table base.  It can also be tilted and swiveled to any desired viewpoint with ease thanks to these magnets.  The side-wall mount comes with a ball joint arm, which also permits a range of viewpoint possibilities. A long micro-USB cable (included) is used to power the camera.  A electric wall adapter is supposed to be included in the box, but it was missing in my package.  Luckily I have several wall-to-USB electrical adapters and one of my replacements worked.  Anyway, as long as you mount the camera anywhere near an electrical outlet, you'll be fine.INSTALLATIONInstalling the In.Sight couldn't be easier.  Just plug it into the wall and then download the Philips In.Sight app from the Apple App Store.  You will not be able to install the camera without getting the iOS app.  Fire up the app on your iPhone, iPad, or iPod Touch and then create a Philips user account (Name, email, password, and security question are needed).  You will also need to be on the wireless home WiFi network that you want the camera to connect to.  The SSID and WiFi passkey will need to be entered into the app's software.  Once you're logged into your account, a Qcode will be displayed on your screen.  Place the Qcode a couple inches away from the In.Sight camera and after about 1 minute, it should connect.  It's incredibly simple and takes the guess work away from trying to assign IP addresses to individual devices.PERFORMANCEThe camera's performance can be best described as "limited."  Again, you need to install the device with an iOS device.  I currently have a WiFi-only iPad 2, but no longer have an iPhone.  Installation was a snap and I could see through the camera while I'm on my home network for 2 hours straight.  While I'm away from home (when I actually want to use the camera), I can only view it for 5 minutes at a time when I can connect to a WiFi network.  There are no Android or Windows Phone or Blackberry apps for this thing.  Additionally, the app is not optimized for iPad usage, meaning you have to look at it with the "mini-iPhone" screen transposed onto the iPad's screen.  If you want to be able to view your camera for longer than 5 minutes, you'll have to pay a premium for the app ($25).  Depending on when the box was put on store shelves, it may also advertise that you can set your camera to begin recording when it detects motion and upload a clip to your private YouTube account.  Well, sometime in June this feature was disabled.  Recently, Philips lets you record these motion detected clips to your DropBox account instead.  I don't have a DropBox account, so I don't know how well this works.  But there are no alternatives to record to say, a SkyDrive account.  The video itself is passable, if there is some light around, but it's only VGA quality.  The darker it gets, the grainier the picture.  Don't expect an HD video to be played on your RetinaDisplay.  Finally, as mentioned above, it's not really compatible with iOS 6.  All I can see are updated snapshots, the streaming video does not consistently work.SUMMARYThe Philips In.Sight camera is a simple security solution for iOS users.  Yes, there is a webpage Java app that you can use, but you still need an iOS device to display the initial Qcode to set up the camera.  And the webpage display is even more limited, as you can't really adjust any camera settings with it; so don't think about using this camera primarily with the web browser, it isn't a viable choice here.  This camera should only be purchased by iOS users (I would almost say, only iPhone users, as my WiFi iPad is limited here) who want an incredibly simple security camera solution.  The draw here is an easy set up for brief, 5 minute house checks.  There are other networked cameras out there that do more for a comparable price---they're just more difficult to install.  And unfortunately, until this thing works smoothly with iOS 6, it's difficult to give it any stars.UPDATESeveral people have commented below that this camera now has an Android app too, a year after I wrote my review.  However, I cannot confirm or deny this as I don't have an Android device at the moment, nor can I tell you what phones it is compatible with or what version of Android is required for the app to function properly.  I recommend checking the Google Play app store yourself before purchasing this camera if you plan to use it on an Android device.