I have to say, I'm disappointed by many aspects of this product, too many to recommend it.On the engineering side, my primary complaint is that it runs hot. Running hot was OK in consumer electronics of ten years ago, it is not OK in 2013. We have a world where companies like Intel, ARM, Apple, Samsung, or Microsoft are all working hard every day to reduce power consumption and excess heat. Then we have a company like Dropcam, who apparently feel they don't have to be part of this trend, they can slap together whatever random (cheap) electronics they can find, and if the result runs hot and wastes power, well it's not their problem.On the business side, you have to be aware that Dropcam are not interested in selling you a camera, they are interested in selling you an ongoing subscription (costing at least $99 a year) to their service. They have done everything they can to ensure that this product is useless without that service. So, for example, their appears to be no way (at least on a Mac) to register the device as a standard camera and run your own software which utilizes it. If you complain, I'm sure Dropcam will cry copiously about the expensive cost of running servers, and how they are losing money storing your video at "only" $99 a year. What they will not point out is that they give you NO CHOICE in this matter.On the combined engineering + business incompetence side, a byproduct of lousy engineering and the hostile business model is that they do no motion detection on the camera (and, of course, provide no way to delegate this task to one of the computers in your household). Which means that the camera is, every minute of every day, clogging up your WiFi connection and then your internet connection, sending out its stream to their servers. Just like energy efficiency, the attitude appears to be "why should we care about efficiency --- you're the one who has to live with the consequences".The crazy thing, of course, is that the camera obviously has to have motion compensation hardware in its video compression chip --- and it should be trivial to hook up that motion comp cell to report motion detection when the motion comp energy across a frame exceeds a threshold. With just the slightest concern for creating a quality product, they could have simultaneously somewhat reduced power consumption and substantially reduced bandwidth consumption, all using hardware that already exists in the camera!Unfortunately that's the problem with new companies. You often can't tell until after you buy if they're populated primarily by engineers, proud of the job they've done and anxious to do even better, or by MBA/marketing types who don't give a damn about quality as long as they have your money. Of course, sadly, you CAN tell once you have paid...One final thing should be added. An earlier version of my review complained about the lack of use of push notifications and geofencing on iPhones.Both of these features DO in fact exist, but Dropcam does not go out of their way to tell you about them or to make their use obvious. Should you want to use them, the best solution appears to be to run a google search for the feature of interest.