First of all, this system cannot be expanded - I discovered this after purchasing the listed add-on camera (LW2731AC1) and attempting to sync it.  The LW2731AC1 camera would not connect at all, and I'm not sure what camera will - the Lorex web site does not even acknowledge my monitor's model number ("WL2730" instead of "LW2731") on their accessory compatability page, and attempts to contact tech support about the issue have been in vain (finally wound up returning the add-on camera to Amazon for a refund).  I am not prepared to purchase every single camera Lorex sells to try to find the one that can sync!With that said, this is a nice camera system.  Good day and night visibility - can see clearly to the end of my driveway (about 60' from the camera).  Good color during the day, and the night vision is very clear.  Features multiple sensitivity and recording settings, though it is almost too sensitive - it turns on in response to leaves blowing across the driveway, changing shadows from the trees, or even moths flying in front of the camera at night.  Reviewing 100+ five-second clips that were captured throughout the day can be tedious at times!  The video files are stored as .avi files, and both Windows Media Player (version 11.0.6002) and RealPlayer (Version 16.0.0.282) can play the files. Real time video is smooth, but playback can be jerky.This system would benefit from a touch screen to help navigate through the menus as the buttons below the display are not very responsive.  Also, viewing the images remotely requires a connection to a PC and an active internet connection, so checking the cameras while you're away on vacation requires your computer to stay on the whole time as well.  Remember the camera needs to be plugged in (and a longer cord would be helpful).  Running an extension cord through the attic & routing the camera power cord through the eaves wasn't too difficult, and since it's wireless, I don't need to run a signal cable all the way back to the monitor.  I have had no connectivity problems between the monitor and the camera.  My monitor is approximately 40-50' from the camera, & the wireless signal passes through two interior and one exterior wall (wood frame construction/vinyl siding - you may have different results through brick/stucco walls).Installation of the camera was easy - three screws secured the base to the house, and the camera screws onto the base.  It was very convenient having the monitor screen with me while making those final camera adjustments for the proper field of view - imagine having to come inside to view a TV or computer monitor after every adjustment!  Syncing additional cameras is supposed to be simple - select sync from the menu, select an unused channel, then press the button on the back of the camera within 30 seconds.Overall, I'm pleased with the camera.  This whole camera sync problem is just making it difficult to expand the system like I wanted to.  If I had to do it again, I would have simply purchased the one that already included the additional cameras!