This system is mediocre, admittedly. It is a low end system price wise. I needed a halfway decent surveillance system in a hurry and on a tight budget, so this appeared to be an ok deal at Sams Club for 350ish. Setting up was easy enough, the dvr's menus are fairly easy (if somewhat clunky) to navigate. I have not set it up on the network but it should be doable (I'm a sysadm by trade.)Biggest gripe so far is, I had one bad camera out of 8, sent it in to replace, they sent it back NOT FIXED. Problem was the sensor making the image completely white in full daylight. Obviously it was not tested in daylight, so I made the company pay return shipping since I already paid the first time when they did not fix it. In the meantime, I purchased one camera from Home Depot to replace the broken camera. Guess what, THAT cam had the same problem - actually you can see where the sensor was glued wrong and doesn't even sit in the small window where the light comes in - so the stupid camera is in night-vision mode all the time (just like the original camera.)So, here I am still waiting for a working camera, after a month.  Defender's tech support is really slow, but I guess I can't complain too much being it was so cheap.As far as image quality - it's not great. You can change the resolution but even with the mode set to D1 (highest resolution/lower frame rate) you get pretty choppy blocky images. It should be sufficient for most purposes, and it can be useful to identify perps, but I would not rely on it 100% as it's not gonna produce 1600x1200 resolution like a digital camcorder!The setup for framerate is confusing, the documentation is very lacking here. I had to find info elsewhere, and found this useful page on cctvforum under the subgroups:CCTV Forum > Digital Video Systems > Digital Video Recorders -> topic: Frame vs CIF[...][...]you will have to decide which you prefer: a higher quality picture at a lower frame rate or more frames per second with a lower quality picture. That's not uncommon. The typical high-quality recording is at 4CIF (704x480 in the U.S.) that is four times the resolution of CIF (352x240). Many DVR's can not do 4CIF at full frame rate (704x480@30fps.), so something has to give.[...]That page also points to a pdf manual for another cctv system that has much better explanations of CIF, resolution and frame rate. Wikipedia also has a page on CIF.Another problem I had was that the unit claims it's files are saved in h264 format, but, these files are headerless, so they are pretty much useless without the proprietary Windows utils to view or convert the files into a useable format (avi). Which could be a problem for non-windows users like me.Fortunately the programs did work in WINE on my linux system. Still, I would have preferred a useable format, the fact that the sales pitch touted H264 is one of the reasons I bought it - I also read that the DVR is a linux box under the hood, which was another selling point for me.I have other minor gripes, but not worth detailing really. If I need higher resolutions, I can upgrade the cameras to something better (I have a Sony cctv bullet camera somewhere, if I ever feel like digging it out of storage. It's only a B&W; camera with no night vision, but it has a zoom lens and much better imaging capabilities.) There are  much better cameras available (from other brand names), and this unit will control ONE pan-tilt-zoom (PTZ) camera so that's a plus.Overall, it's an ok system for the price I paid. It's not worth more than half the MSRP.PS: I purchased a decent UPS to keep the system powered up during blackouts - or in case my cat-killing neighbor (reason why I installed surveillance in the first place) decides to shut off my power [power circuit box is outside.]I bought a Cyberpower 1500va / 900w unit, which stated it has two 8.5Ah batteries (but does not say if they're connected in parallel or in series - which would mean the difference between having 17Ah total power, or having 24 volts and 8.5Ah) - I am assuming they're in series which would give a total of 8.5Ah. The dvr consumes 1.5amps, the cameras consume (guestimating) 3 amps (there are 2 power supplies, I can't see the backs to get the actual amperage.) So, let's say a total of 5 amps to power everything, that would give me approx 1.5 hours on the UPS (the UPS reports 86 minutes, estimated. This also leads me to believe the batteries are connected in series.) That should be sufficient to see me through most power crises :)