We've been using the wifi baby for 10 weeks now, here are the cons:1) A perfectly silent room ends up sounding like it's in a wind storm because the device generates its own noise- the fan I presume- which is picked up and transmitted to the viewing device.  If you are at all a light sleeper this constant sound will keep you up at night.  You can mute it but then of course you won't hear the baby cry.2) We still can't get the device to work off of our wifi network on my iPhone- neither on a 3G network nor on any other wifi network.  My husband's Droid works perfectly fine on or off of our wifi system but my iphone only works on our home wifi system.  Perhaps we can schedule a service call but really, with an infant in the house who has time for that... and we already had to do that once to get the device up and running initially and even then we literally had to calendar an appointment with a Wifi Baby technician!3) The camera is a fixed angle. It can zoom in/out but it can't go up/down or left/right as can other other models.4) Wifi Baby doesn't have its own software so you have to purchase secondary software from an unrelated provider.  Wifi Baby recommends Sunshine Apps which we purchased- new purchases for each viewing device by the way which adds considerably to the cost of this system if you're two parents, each of whom has a phone and each of whom wants to be able to view the device from a remote location.  Sunshine Apps then sends you messages/alerts trying to solicit more funds- "donations"- saying they can no longer support their software!  So yes, Wifi Baby created a technology but not the software to run it on and the software they recommend you purchase is no longer being supported?!5) There is no feature to turn on the device when the baby makes noise (i.e. have the viewing device be in sleep mode until the baby moves/cries then light up to alert you of the activity).  As a result you must leave your viewing device on all night if you want to hear the baby when s/he cries... go back and read note 1) above as to why this is a serious deficiency!6) The device requires being screwed into wherever it's mounted rather than providing an option for a clip on.  Do you want to screw the device into your crib rails or into a stud in your wall... do you want holes in your crib or wall?!6 Month UPDATE: we've been using Wifi Baby for 6 months now.  We just switched our home router and once again after two hours of trying to set up Wifi Baby got frustrated and called for help.  Wifi Baby informed us that our one year warranty includes a ONE TIME set up assistance and if we wanted help setting it up a second time then we would need to pay a service fee. So our warranty is still valid but they won't help us.  Service FAIL. PS I've also now updated iphones to the latest 5S and Wifi Baby still doesn't work on it outside our home wifi network.  It just seems like this device wasn't built by technology people.