Well I could make this an extremely long review, but Ill keep it as short as possible. First off, I purchased this system based on all of the other 5 Star reviews. I checked out other systems at the Big Box stores, and for the money there is no way you will beat this system.First off I was very surprised by build quality.yes everything is plastic, but none of it is the falling apart junk you normally get with cheap electronics, the plastics are solid, thick and well sealed.Second, very nicely packaged. I dont see how it could get damaged in shipping the way they packed it. The only thing short of a pro system when it comes to packing is the hard case, it comes in a thick box. I was really impressed by the packaging to be honest, not used to ordering inexpensive electronics and getting it packed this well.Third, I have been working on Computers and Electronics for nearly 35 years, knowing if it even halfway worked I could figure it out but I also like reading instructions first. Assuming that it would be the standard Chinglish, I almost didnt even bother. NOPE, well written detailed instructions. It is a basic setup instruction, but minus the wireless, the magnetic triggering for the different zones has been pretty much standard for the last 35 years.  Looking through the instructions I came up on the URL and watched all of the youtube videos. It only takes a few minutes and will definitely make your setup a whole lot easier. Not to mention the seller not only gives you the options for Customer Service, but his email address and phone number and notes you may even get him on the phone.Fourth. Setup was super easy. This is pre-configured right out of the box. Follow the video for changing the pass code, took me about 20 seconds. Setting up phone numbers was also super easy. There are enough sensors that I was able to cover every window and door access point in my house and even my basement door and had one left over. After installing everything, and testing, EVERYTHING worked.There is just no two ways about it. Ease of setup, everything works, simple installation. Took me all of 30 minutes.The indoor siren is very loud, but in a room with a closed door not that loud. Since it is plugged into the base, I would say keep it where it can be near you to wake you (At home option allows you to keep all access points secure while turning everything else off so your not walking around setting off the alarm) or in the living room to scare the crap out of would be intruders and thieves. And it will scare, startle them. Ask my wife and dog.Couple of things. On the outdoor siren it requires it to be plugged in. That is a simple fix if you do not have any outdoor plugs or in an area where the siren would do any good but if you have a light. The fix is in these links.http://www.amazon.com/Leviton-1403-Outlet-Socket-Adapter/dp/B001F71O70/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid;=1393483786&sr;=8-2&keywords;=Light+plug+adapterhttp://www.amazon.com/Leviton-125-2-Pole-2-Wire-Adapter/dp/B001PCVTFC/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1393483786&sr;=8-1&keywords;=Light+plug+adapterAlso, I use an Ooma Telo. It goes through  my wireless router. Since I was not sure if the phone option would work splitting and routing through the Ooma, you may want to buy one of the 2 or 3 way phone splitters from a local store (They arent but 3 or 4 dollars) and run it from your router, to the splitter and directly to the phone. Also keep in mind there is the option, if you do use an Ooma to run it so all of your phone outlets are active, and you can run it like that, which I am considering doing myself, then hiding the Ooma and the console for the security system. The seller even notes that you may want to use (Purchase) a splitter, that is definitely the easy way to do it.Between this system and my 3 (2 Indoor and 1 outdoor) Night visions cameras, this is an excellent system (Even without the night vision cameras it would be an excellent system)I can only give it 5 Stars, it deserved 10.