Update 9/27/2012:Cam returned and received by Amazon :-) Thank you Amazon - you rock!!  Just ordered the new Panasonic WV-SW175 pan-tilt outdoor cam.  This puppy will do 720P (1280x960) and is rated IP55 outdoor.  I'll be doing a review on this cam in a couple of weeks.  Street price is in the $500-600 range.  I'm very comfortable with Panasonic cams - I have five of them.------------------------------------I *really* wanted to like this camera due to the attractive price and since I needed to replace a very old Toshiba PT outdoor IP cam that isn't working well, but after three weeks of evaluation, this cam is going back to Amazon :-(First off, this cam does not have audio capabilities in spite of the user interface with those available options which leads me to believe that not a penny (yen) more was spent on on software/firmware development than absolutely necessary to get this camera to market.  While talking about the user interface, the cam movement control buttons provide no visual feedback (as in a mouseover action) that the buttons are active and your mouse click actually was received by the cam.The user feature set needs to *much* more robust.  For one example there is no choice about an uploaded file name (the ability to overwrite an uploaded file.)  My Toshiba and Panasonic cams have options that let you upload a file with the same file name for overwrite.  I have a web page which gets a new image uploaded every one to two minutes and the image *must* have the same file name in order for it to be viewed.  Only having timestamping for a file name doesn't work in all situations.I found color balance to be pretty good in an indoor daylight situation, IR night vision worked fairly well, and auto exposure indoors was surprisingly good (but a little slow to respond to changing light conditions.)Colors were somewhat washed out outdoors in bright light but the primary issue is poor image quality, either outdoors or indoors.  Areas of the picture are noticeably out of focus, I'll upload a sample picture and you can decide for yourself.Another problem was the one-shot or save picture feature (take a still picture) worked one time.  Every time I tried to capture a new still image, I always got the first one I snapped.Emails to support were not promptly answered.Lastly, when will the makers of these cheap outdoor cams realize the dongle MUST GO!  I want a cam with PoE capability and no exposed dongles!Final thoughts:I have come to the conclusion that there is NO WAY you are going to buy a quality outdoor PT or PTZ cam for under $500.  If you find one, let me know.  In the meantime, I'm looking closely at the ACTi line of outdoor cams, particularly the KCM-7211 - it's an outdoor HiDef PTZ (optical zoom with auto focus) with PoE - street price seems to be around 700 bucks.EDIT:  Oops.. The KCM-7211 is NOT PTZ - the lens is fixed :-(