People your expectations are way to high for this camera. If price wasn't an option, you would of spent thousands of dollars for a top notch security system. Does this camera record in HD quality? NO! So what! We all at some point have owned a VHS or DVD before and the picture looks fine. Man aren't we all a bit spoiler by the luxuries in life.DO NOT BELIEVE THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS!!!!!!!!! THIS CAMERA WORKS GREAT FOR ITS PURPOSE!!!!!!I've owned this camera for over a week and I have this bad boy overlooking my back porch right now. I have been looking to add a wireless camera surveillance system for a while without having to shell out thousands of dollars. I own 3 DLink cameras without any issues and the setup was easy. (Note: I currently have 40mbps down with my internet provider so my experience may be a bit different than others.) I just needed to contact support to help me to set up the email settings when I had motion detection enabled. I had no issues what so ever contacting support unlike others.Although these cameras is supposed to be indoors I have two of them outside mounted but under shade.The motion detection can be a bit sensitive so you are going to have to play with it for a while to find the right setting. I currently have mine setup to send me an emAil every time motion is detected. I also have it setup to send me a picture and video when motion is detected. I have a yahoo email that I never use so I have the emails being sent there.As far as the app goes Dlight, I have an android phone and an ipad. The app is free on mobile devices and 99 cents for the ipad. They both have the same functionality for except that the ipad you can view multiple cameras onto the screen. So when I'm on the road I can check on the family with my phone and when I'm in the house I have my ipad open up displaying all 3 cameras!!!!  This by far is the best cost effective way for video surveillance!!!!Pros:Cost effective. Average camera will run you at least $150!!!! Cameras with ADT will probably cost more than thatSend video and images to any emailCan setup a schedule of when you want motion detection.Wireless. Easy setup. No networking skills needed. Follow instructions. Don't need a Dlink router to workPicture quality is decent. No HD but you pay for what you get. I'd say it's about VHS qualityHas a decent range to detect motion. Roughly 15 ftThe app works great on both tablet and droid. I can view remotely on either wifi or 4g signalConsVideo length of image taken. About 7-11 secondsDlink website needs either google chrome or Firefox to work.Constant emails with false motion detections can get annoying after a while but you get use to it. Now a days we arealways glued to our phones anyway :-)The camera tends to disconnects a couple of times during the day. Believe it or not this is not a big deal. The camera doesn't shut down and restart. It just loses connectivity to your wireless router for a second. Keep in mind if you have any interference in your house this can happen often. Microwave, house phones etc.The only reason you will know this happens is because you will receive an email. It happens so fast you won't even realize it. It's not an issue with the camera itself. This is usually normal with any other electronic device. Pcs, tablets, xbox, etc.Overall 8.5/10Keep up the good work DLink!!!!!