Update #3:Customer service mailed me a new one with a bonus camera. We really like this monitor compared to the model down (no pan/zoom). Quality and Range is amazing, and we have 3000ft house. Can even get outside quite a ways. Highly recommend! If you can buy it somewhere with an extended warranty, do it.UPDATE #2!! Customer service issues... just like everyone else.Phone call #1 was promising - I can scan/email them the receipt, and within 48 hours they will process my email and send me a new camera with a postage-paid box to return the broken one.Sounded too good to be true, and alas, it was...No email confirmation, so I was a little worried but let it slide. One week later, no camera, no contact.Phone call #2 said yes, my email was processed but they were out of stock. Expecting more cameras in that day and I should have it in 5-7 business days.Phone call #3: One week later, still no camera. Total over 3 weeks later, no camera and Customer service says still out of stock. I asked them to send ANY model in the meantime, and they offered to send me the "upgraded model" which is the same thing but with 2nd camera. Supposedly they will overnight it to me and I will have it tomorrow. I'm not holding my breath.UPDATE #1!!! Broken At 6 months!!!Display screen is solid white, and we followed troubleshooting instructions to no avail. Audio still works, except that I can't adjust the volume because you need the screen for that. Don't know why it stopped working, but i don't have high hopes for customer service based on other people's posting... I will probably buy a different monitor now because I can't be without one.Original review (4 stars) :Video:pro - Big screen, great color, great night vision, pans, tilts, zooms. Picture is so clear at night I can see my baby breathing. I never thought i would need the pan/tilt/zoom functions, but i use them ALL the time. Display turns itself off after a few minutes to save battery.con - None!Audio:pro - audio is very sensitive. i can even hear the "sleep sheep," which is actually kinda nice.con - audio is either on or off, whereas some very cheap monitors have voice activation. My baby makes a TON of noise and he is only 2 months old. Yes, I will hear him start to cry, but i also hear him grunting and snorting and farting, etc. I am learning to sleep through this, thanks to the sleep sheep...con #2 - no mute button - this means when the baby cries, and it is my turn to get up, I have to either run with the monitor out of the room, throw it out of the room, or fumble to turn the power off quickly in the dark so I don't wake up my husband. I have mastered the quick-power-turn-off technique.Buttons:pro - large, easy to use, and I am smart enough to remember which button is which in the dark.con - the buttons are not backlit. the display button, which allows me to see the baby, is right next to the one which allows me to talk to the baby. I can imagine someone could press it by accident and wake the baby up. I have not done this yet.con #2 - you can't hit a mute button (see above), instead you have to use the power on/off button. not a huge deal, except the power button is small and flush to the unit. designer didn't realize you would ever want to use it.Battery:Terrible!!! The battery won't last the full night. It starts beeping by morning if I forget to plug it back in. HOWEVER, Since I keep it plugged in on my nightstand, this is not usually a big deal. I wish it came with a 2nd power jack so I could just plug it in downstairs too. I might just search for one now.Distance/Reception:Amazing!! I have a 3000 sq. foot home with really thick walls, on 1/3rd acre. I have no problem doing laundry in the basement while the baby is in a 2nd floor bedroom. We tested it all around our yard, and even out to the street corner. Sure there was a little interference while walking, but as soon as I stopped moving, the picture and audio came right back crystal clear. Highly recommended for this feature alone.Other features:Displays the room temperature (i dont know how accurate this is, but it is definitely close).Allows you to play lullaby music on the other end. The music is terrible and we never use it.