Update:I have had this camera for over 6 months now and wanted to provide some updates based on some of the others I have read since. 1st off this camera does everything it says. It DOES work by WiFi and by Ethernet. You need to set it up by Ethernet but after that, it's just fine. It works great. The small ring around the lens is for fine focusing. I was able to set it up and running to view over the web. (free dynamic DNS provider).Now this isn't a prime high quality professional surveillance device but for watching your property or checking on your pets while at work it's great. The color depth isn't the greatest in low light so don't expect a hand held camcorder image or recording. IT isn't for that. I even used it outside, protected from the elements until it got too hot this summer. This camera is NOT for outdoor use but it worked fine for me mounted up high under my 3 foot roof over hang.If you want an inexpensive monitoring camera for around the house or workplace, I would recommend this item. The browser based control allows I believe up to 12 of the same camera to be setup and monitored from the same interface, just like a security office in a store. In fact this past July 4th the fireworks stand was using Foscam's to watch their shoppers. Visit the Foscam website and read their warning about fakes. They tell you how to spot a fake.First, this camera works good and is a great buy for the price but there are a few things to consider.1. No zoom (not a big deal for me)2. The instructions are poorly translated. You have to really get your head into the reading to understand it and the manual it comes with is printed so small it's hard to read. Download the manual from Foscam's website.3. The biggest thing is the cam doesn't upload, email or record unless you use IE and only if the browser is open. The record and sound features use ActiveX and only with IE.4. Also the browser (IE or Firefox) will crash if you give the cam too many commands too fast.5. DDNS setup was a little confusing but with the downloaded manual and a little concentration it not too bad. You will need a good working knowledge of your router, MODEM and mid-level networking skills.6. Frames per Second (FPS) settings in live video will not save from session to session or even when you leave live mode and go to "Device Info" or "Device Settings" area. Every time you leave "Live Video" mode the settings revert back to default.7. After it records a video triggered by motion detection a Windows Explorer window opens right in front of the browser to show you the recorder AVI files location. A little annoying. Get around it by sliding the window off the screen so it doesn't block the browser and leave it open.8. It has manual pan/tilt controls and automatic "Patrol" to pan and tilt automatically but it patrols it's full range of up/down, left/right. There should be a way to set the patrol range in degrees (108 or less) so it doesn't scan the walls or sky/ground.Not a huge deal but it would be better if the cam control was not browser based and not dependent on Internet Explorer and ActiveX.I expected to install and set the camera up to monitor an area, set the record path and alarm settings, turn the monitor off, close the control application and leave it run. There may be some 3rd party applications that will work outside of a browser but I haven't checked.All the above quirks are of small concern EXCEPT for the dependency on IE and that it must be left open to record. I recommend using this camera on a dedicated PC because the live video uses a lot of bandwidth even on a 100 mbps - 802.11G network. Even wired to 100 mbps Ethernet only, not connected by WiFi it still uses a lot of bandwidth. It's very noticeable.The control interface can support up to 9 cameras at once.All in all, it's a good camera and I would probably buy another.