I have been wanting a security camera setup for some time being as how I live in the not of best neighborhoods. I did not need night vision (at least for now) as the two areas I wanted to monitor have lights on timers. So in comes the DCS-930LGreat size and versatility in mounting. I have one hanging on a wall and one hanging from the base part at the top of a set of miniblinds looking out a window. By having a curtain over the window and turning off the LED in settings, I do not get any glare from the window itself.To help with mounting, there is a removable ring on the base plate so you can place screws right through the plate.Able to send an email with motion detection. You get 3 frames before detection and 3 frames after. You are able to set a sensitivity level as well as which sections of the image to activate from. You can also do a time out after first detection before it emails again. Something I should have done when my second floor neighbors were moving in. Setting up the email is a chore, you need the various settings. I had issues with setting up my @live address so I made a @gmail one. Settings are easy to find on search engines. You may not want to have your primary email receive the notifications if there will be a lot of detections. Those emails can fill up your inbox pretty fast.Able to ftp to local storage. I got one of those new WD My Cloud 2TB drives. I set up a user for security and a folder for the camera. The settings page for the ftp (and everything else for that matter) are decent but while giving you lots of control, there is a learning curve on the advanced page. To help others: Host: (whatever the ip is for the NAS, 192.168.x.x) Port: 21 (usually), Name / Password: these are whatever your NAS has for access, I initially had these blank but camera was happier with an actual log-in. Path: Here is the one I had issues with. MY path for MY NAS is //Security/FrontCamera where "Security" is the user and FrontCamera the directory I made in that user folder. I saw some indications on the dlink forums that the exact method of the paths / or \ may be interchangeable so if one slash ain't working slash it the other. Options for storage for ftp are:AlwaysSet days and timesMotion (no time out)1,2,3 frames per secondx (your choice) seconds per frameImage Quality is decent for what I paid. HD this is not. However, in proper lighting I can see well enough to make out faces. At night time I have some interference in the signal shown by horizontal lines. This is probably 60 cycle interference from the fluorescent bulbs in the nearby security lights. There is an option to go between 50 and 60 Hz but I did not see a difference. It is not that big of a issue with my setup.DLink Brand. Now that I have a dlink cloud account for this and am able to view the live feeds through the web on their site and a free android application, I will probably stick to dlink moving forward when I get a IR cam for my driveway. I see no reason to change it up at this point.Anything ElseSetup was a headache when I tried to set everything myself. I finally gave up and used the WPS button. That was much easier. The cord is pretty short but was able to pass it through a window (and still close it) onto my porch for placement of one of the cameras. The microphone is able to be disabled, which is a good thing since the other camera is mounted in a bedroom. Be aware of all laws regarding recording in your locale. For instance, in my state audio recording without permission is illegal, video recording when there is no expectation of privacy without permission is not illegal.