I read reviews, and read reviews and read some more before purchasing a security system. I am not some super smart computer person so I was a little intimidated about the thought of wiring this and getting it all going. I was totally amazed at how easy it was. It couldn't be simpler, everything is color coded. We decided where we wanted the cameras before we started the install. We were installing all 8 outside. The holes we had to drill are very small and if our attic were full size, man how easy it would have been. Outside of that, it was the easiest thing we have ever installed. Plug and go, it was that simple. People had stated in some reviews that there were no instructions. There is a small disc that has the users manual on it and its also available online, I had looked at it before purchasing.  I haven't gotten into the programming a lot. I got this because I love gadgets and I am hoping to get a discount on my homeowners insurance. Outside of that, its a blast to sit and watch the cameras, as I have almost 5 acres and can view a lot of it.  It doesn't have near the distance at night, because it gets really dark in the country, but I have dogs for that. The daytime distance is very clear, and I can see all the way to three property lines very clearly. It is probably about 100ft to the front and a little less to both sides. The bulk of my property is behind me, but around my house, is very well covered. I don't want to confuse anyone that I am covering the entire 5 acres.  I am thrilled with the quality of the video. The only thing hard about the install was due to our attic being so short you cannot stand up in it. If you have a stand up attic height you have it made!  I have had this installed for a couple of months and I would recommend this system to anyone.Update  august 30/2013 I have seen a few people on here that have had their hard drive fail.. Mine also failed. I guess the company got a bad batch. But I wanted to update my experience with customer service which was totally not like one I read. My system is set to auto overwrite when full.  When it got full, it stopped recording, notifying me of this with an alarm noise. I tried all the trouble shooting ideas in the user guide. Non of them worked. When you go to the defender website it doesn't post a number for customer service. It wants you to fill out a form and have them call you. I wanted to talk to someone soon, so I called the sales number and in the auto bot information there was a choice for customer service. I did have to wait on hold for 20 minutes but the customer service was excellent. The lady I got talked to me about the the trouble shooting and I told her what I had tried but we walked thru them again. She said I needed to send it in and she emailed me a form to include in the box for service. I did have to pay the postage to mail it back, but they paid it when they sent me a new one back. She told me it could be 2 to 4 wks before it was returned, but the turn around was much faster right now, but they are required to tell everyone that. From the day I mailed it back, to the day UPS delivered it back, was only 11 days including weekend days. Sometimes people are upset their item failed and get an attitude with customer service people from the get go, if you have ever worked customer service jobs, you definitely know what I mean. I still love my system and happy with my purchase, except now amazon is selling it 50 dollars cheaper than I paid! lol You can't win them all.