The DVR had a slight back order when I ordered it, which gave me time to install the four Q-See QM6008B 600 line camera's I purchased separately.When I unboxed the DVR, the set up was quick and easy. Just plug in the camera's, plug in the mouse, the display, the RJ45 to my FIOS router,  and the power cord. I used the HDMI into my computer monitor. Since my monitor has 3 different input jacks, I can Toggle between computer (DVI) and DVR (HDMI) by just pressing the button on my monitor.I like the small footprint of the DVR, it does not take up much room.POWER ON: Everything worked, I almost fell out of my chair.One design flaw, there is a screw head on the case of the DVR which prevents one of the BNC jacks from being able to push all of the way in.Now for remote viewing. Since limited documentation comes with the DVR, you have to search the Q-See web site and gather the pieces for your situation. Also, the instructions on the provided CD are more detailed than the quick start instructions in the Box. Fortunately I have played around with port forwarding and my FIOS router, so I had basic knowledge before I started. I would recommend setting up an account on the myQ-See.com so you will have a unique IP address to access your DVR.Be sure to port forward your LAN IP in your router so your myq.see account can access your router without a router password.I downloaded the Q-See QS View from the app store for my IPAD and the same app from the Android PLAY store for my phone. To view the cameras remotely, set up the devices in the QS View program using your q-see domain, Media port and port #, DVR user name and password. (Be sure to read and understand, if you type in an incorrect entry into the QS view setup, it probably will not work. Take your time to read, understand and do it correctly) If you are connected to the same router as your DVR, you have to use the LAN IP address instead of the myq-see address.  In the case of my IPAD, I set up a HOME and AWAY device name since the IP address's are different in each case. Both work good. Sometimes the phone is a little sluggish, what do you expect from Verizon????Follow up 3 weeks after review:I did have one service issue, I could not get the sensitivity to correctly put the system in alarm state when motion is detected. You can set the system up to record only when a camera detects motion. A great feature of this system is you have the ability block out areas of the screen not to pick up motion. I have a tree that blows in the wind, So I could mask that area with the overhanging tree branch and only pick up the ground area I was interested in.Q-sees customer service is very responsive and resolved my issue right away. The e-mail customer service system works great. It took a few e-mails, but they did not give up until the problem was resolved. They even followed up afterwards to insure all was working well. I would say Q-See has one of the best Customer Service Departments out there.I have also played with different settings and found what was optimal for my use. The remote viewing is flawless. The system is amazing.