Bought two of these Agasio A603W's and added them to an existing outdoor surveillance system (six Trendnet IP Cams - two TV-IP301W, four TV-IP100W) running on Blue Iris for a couple of years.  All cams are mounted outdoors some wireless, some direct (mostly to capture video of wild animals i.e. bear, mtn lions).  I use Blue Iris to record motion-triggered video files to local in-home PC (older Vista machine), I do not use the capability to monitor cams remotely via internet (poor internet connection).No trouble setting up the Agasio's, worked fine wirelessly.  Discovered that 5 wireless cams was too much for my 801.11 b/g-only wireless network (all cams slowed down, especially the remote ones at the barn ~175' away from the house via a wireless range extender), so I wound up running CAT-5 cable and connecting to the Agasio's directly via ethernet (each is mounted on the exterior of the house within 25' of a switch). I've been operating them continuously for about a month now and have had zero dropouts.The reason I bought the A603W is because its claimed features are very similar to the Trendnet TV-IP301W (wireless, auto-iris, IR LED for night vision) but the Agasio A603W is 1/3 the cost.  Another big plus for the Agasio is the outdoor rating (I had to put my 301's in an outdoor camera enclosure).  I also like the fact that the Agasio's video image colors appear normal during daytime due to the IR cut-off filter (greens appear as pink/ gray on the Trendnet).My biggest disappointment with the Agasio's is that the image quality is not as good as the Trendnet.  Even though both are 640x480, the Trendnet has a feature that enables you to select among 3 different levels of video quality (better quality, higher bandwidth required).  There's no ability to select video quality on the Agasio.  The Agasio images just aren't as clean and crisp as the Trendnet's, almost like they're a little out of focus.  If there is a way to adjust the focus on the Agasio, it's not obvious - the documentation doesn't say you can, and the lens is behind the glass front.  My guess is that if a car drove by 30' away from the Agasio you couldn't read the license plate.The Agasio does one other weird thing - at certain times it will switch back and forth between a normal exposure and a darker exposure - about once a second - it can go on for many minutes.  I think it has something to do with the ambient light level, i.e. maybe it gets a little confused if the light is slowly diminishing so it keeps switching between auto-iris settings.  It is mostly annoying and results in a lot of false-triggers on the motion videos.*****Update August 16, 2012The good thing is that both units have operated continuously with no video dropouts for the last 4 months (one is wired,the other wireless) and there's no evidence of water/ moisture inside.  The bad news is that the IR lights have quit working at night on one of the units.  Also, both units still do the weird exposure switching described above (I am hoping Agasio releases a firmware update that might fix this, but they don't appear to be keeping their website updated).  The night vision isn't great, maybe 20-25 feet at the most.*****Update December 7, 2013I can't believe it, both are still operating.  Have been outdoors continuously in wind/ rain/ heat/ snow/ cold (-15F to 100F).  Both still have the auto-iris flickering problem during the day as many have noted - thought for sure that Agasio would have issued a firmware update to fix this long ago.  Not happy with the IR brightness at night, seems to be worse than when new, can't see more than 20' from camera at night.