I've had this monitor for a little over 3 months, and while it worked, I really liked it. However, we're already on the second hand held monitor as the first one had the charger port break off inside of it (trying to fit it on one of the charging bases, it fits one base perfectly, but the other base it never ever ever wanted to plug in, like the ports weren't lined up correctly), and the second hand held unit just fell off our stairs (about a 6 foot drop onto carpet) and shattered into a nice handful of electronic components.  Like, the case broke completely open (it was already loose around the corners for some reason), the LCD screen came off, the keypad, the charging port, the speaker, the little board, every single piece came apart as if it had been blasted apart with dynamite.  I would never expect to PLAN on dropping our monitor 6 feet off the stairs, but, our old school Fisher Price audio only monitor that is 4 years old and survived 3 children has fallen from the TOP of the stairs and it still works great. My cell phone, my Kindle, remotes, you name it, my kids (4, 2, 7 months) have dropped it or launched it off the stairs, and the Lorex monitor is the only device to suffer from it.  I need more durability from our electronic devices than Lorex can offer I believe, as all the pieces are very light weight plastic shells, and even one of the cameras lost a charging port (not sure what else to call it, the little port like a USB where you plug the cord in to charge it) a couple of weeks ago.Also, something to take into account, the cords for the cameras are not long at all, 5-6 feet I believe, and for us that really limited where we could place the cameras.  And a very small but highly irritating problem we had, the little template that comes with the mounting kit for the cameras was not accurate.  We received 3 different kits with our 3 different cameras, and none of them allowed us to mount the cameras correctly.  Each time we had to drill, adjust and redrill.Overall, I really liked the concept behind the cameras, I loved being able to have up to 4 cameras mounted and be able to see all of them at once or cycle through them automatically.  The audio was a little fuzzy, and not very loud, but if it had been durable I would certainly have been happy with it.  i loved the 2 way talk feature, and my kids miss it now.  As it is now, I've spent $250 on this set including the replacement monitor (I originally got the 2 camera set on Amazon for $149) and am now looking to have to spend another $200 or so to get a better set.So, if you have older kids, adults or pets that you need to monitor occasionally, and who will not mess with the mounted cameras or handheld unit, this would probably be a great unit for you.  Otherwise, beware.