Ok, overall this webcam can get the job done. Initial setup can be a bit tricky if you're trying to use the ftp setup to capture your surveillance videos.  I ended up abandoning the ftp setup and using D-ViewCam which is provided by Dlink which is far easier to use and setup. What always works for me in initial setup is to set up the Webcam as if it were going to be a wired setup and then switch it to wireless setup afterwards via the Webcam setup menus.  The Picture quality is great during the day and of course since this cam does not have night vision you only get a blank screen.  However, you can pickup for example headlights if your cam is pointed towards your driveway entrance. Which can still be very useful info.  We setup these D-Link DCS-930L cams, and Dlink-lite on our cell phones and went on vacation.  The only sore spot we found out is that the Dlink lite apps only let you view cam remotely for only up to 60seconds at a time.  The time for it make a connection via DLink lite takes a long time and several tries.  But once connected provides a glimpse of your home environment from a far and some peace of mind.  But compared to more expensive security solutions , for what it does is hard to beat.  We were gone for a total of 3 days, so I had to setup my pc to run continuously via the power settings to sleep mode off.  The other issue I ran into was an occasional crash in the D-ViewCam software under Windows 7 once a day.  I discovered that I had to upgrade my software D-link software which I did and use the Windows 7 recommended solution via it's automated trouble-shooting which was to allow it to adjust the Windows graphics settings.  But since we were going on vacation, I could not risk this happening again when I was away.  So, I downloaded and used the "Application Monitor" to detect if D-ViewCam application was not running and to restart it if needed. Whenever D-ViewCam crashed, a restart of the app always fixed it. If Windows 7 crashed then it always does a auto restart.  So in that case I put the "Application Monitor" into the Windows start up and removed the Windows password so that D-ViewCam would always be running.  All these preventive measures worked  So, despite the drawbacks DLink DCS-930L webcam is still a solid buy for the security it provides. One other thing which is a gotcha during setup.  I discovered the hard way that your WIFI modem password must be at least 8 characters long or it will always be rejected by the Dlink link setup software. Despite its drawbacks, the DCS-930L webcam is still a solid buy for the security it provides.  The webcams themselves have been very reliable.  Make sure if you're capture video for a number of days that you use a terabyte drive whereas one day can suck up to 29gigs of space with 2 webcams recording.