After much research into various types of video systems for monitoring my elderly father I finally chose the Vue system due to ease of installation and price. I researched several options including a hard wired security type system with DVR, IP network cameras and monitoring systems such as Logitech & Dropcam.The Vue system is incredibly easy to set up- you hook up the base station to your router, insert the batteries into the cameras push a sync button and that's it. Placing the cameras and aiming them actually takes much longer than set up but even that is easy & really doesn't take long just take your laptop to check the angles of the cameras and you're done. Setting up a Vue account is simple & quick too - create an account -set up motion detection, email alerts and etc. There is also an app for your Android, Iphone or Blackberry this too is quick and easy. Total time invested for system setup, camera placement and account setup & Android app setup for me was less than an hour. I recently added a third camera -again insert batteries, push the sync button & place the camera - 15 minutes or so -most of that was camera placement and aiming.The cameras are about the size of a roll of tape and most people don't notice them even when placed in plain site. The down side to the cameras is a narrow field of view. I have 2 placed in my dad's 10 x 12 bedroom and would need to add 2 more to capture all areas of the room. Note that there is no night vision capability, not a big deal for me but maybe for some.  We've had the system for 2 months or so with the cameras running 24/7 and the batteries still show full charge. I bought replacement batteries just in case - they run around $18 for ten.The VueZone app works great on my Samsung Vibrant phone I can access the cameras while on the go with ease. However, after installing the app on my wife's identical Vibrant she continually gets a "cameras disconnected" error when signing in on a "friend" account w/ permission to view the cameras. I have emailed VueZone about this & initially received several prompt responses (always within 1 business day) but have so far been unable to resolve even after removing & re-loading the app and following all other directions from Vue - finally they said they would consult their lab people and respond -it's been almost a month and no reply. I've sent follow-up emails which have been ignored. As with our IT guys @ work -silence usually means they're stumped & have chosen to hope I will go away.Similarly I am unable to view the cameras from my work PC but that's likely due to our firewall settings.This is a good, reasonably priced MONITORING system. If you want/need home security to be the primary function there are much better & more expensive choices out there. If you need to check on elderly family members, kids or pets remotely this is a viable, cost effective option - just be forewarned that their service & support has become somewhat suspect in my case.Update 8/12/11: 2 days short of 30 days since my last inquiry into the access issue on my wife's phone I received the following email from Vue Zone Support: "Thank you for your patience as we looked into your issue. We were able to reproduce the issue you are experiencing in our labs, and this bug has been escalated to our development team. Thank you for bringing this issue to our attention.Unfortunately, at this time there is no quick way to fix this issue. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience while our developers work on resolving this issue.VueZone Customer Support"On a positive note I must share that just this week I had a issue w/ one camera - the batteries ran down in minutes; replaced batteries they lasted about 10 minutes & died & motion detection quit working on all cameras - I emailed support @ 8pm on a week night & received a response within a couple of hours and was able to correct & re-set my system which is working fine once again.I share this in hopes it helps someone with their purchase decision.