Our normally placid neighborhood recently experienced some jerk who went around stealing packages from people's mailboxes during the Christmas season.  We decided to purchase a home security system.  According to various reports, the LOREX system provided the best picture quality.  Since the package only came with one camera we ordered a second camera and a 32gb card.  The packages arrived on time and everything seemed to be there.  However, one word of caution....the cameras need to be plugged into a wall receptacle.  For most of us that means running the powered wire through the exterior wall of your house.  For a stucco cladded house like ours, a spade drill bit 5/8" needed to be purchased along with a six inch carbide drill bit.  Get some spray foam insulation and a small tube of silicone as you will need to fill up the new hole in your house.  LOREX's directions don't state that..it's not a big deal.  Also, the camera's are not weather-proof, they are weather-resistant.  That means you need to place them in a sheltered area like under an eave or make a 'hood' for them.  Another thing that we did was to buy a wire organizer to place the powered wire in since it will be outside and we figured it needs to be protected from the elements. The home stores have flexible aluminum to run the wire through, if you prefer.  So, if you don't have a pair of snips in your tool box, that's another thing to purchase.  Another thing to consider is how far is the wall receptacle from the wire?  The power cable is in two parts - one part which runs from the camera and the other part connects to the transformer. Its about six feet in length.There is a weatherproof connection (male/female) between the two wires.  You may need to run an extension cord or a power strip.  Once you got all that figured out you can mark the holes for the cameras mounting plate, attach the camera to the plate, hammer in the plastic anchors, then screw in the three screws to hold the camera to the wall, then cut through the wall to connect your power source. Run your hand over the front of the camera.  You should hear a clicking noise as the camera switches to infrared and back.  Now the fun stuff...if you buy a second camera you have to pair it first with the monitor.  Don't try this if your outside hanging onto a ladder - trust me...When you get the packages, take them out, plug them in, and make sure that the cameras are working.  While the instruction booklet passes the plop test, a few more pictures for those of us who are more visual than verbal would've been helpful.  I managed to hose up the monitor and cameras on Christmas eve...LOREX appears to want its users to open technical support cases through the Internet as the phone number just rang and rang... I opened a ticket online and they eventually got back to me (as the announcer on SpongeBob says - Three days later )...by that time I figured out that the monitor is connecting to our WIFI therefore it must have a reset button.  It does, an extremely tiny hole in the back of the monitor which you can access with a pencil point.  Once I did that I was able to get the cameras back online and paired.  We were impressed with the visual clarity of the cameras.  Make sure you have the monitor with you when you decide where you want to put the camera.  The field of view is wide and quite large.  We use the motion detector feature.  Any movement causes the monitor to record a 15 second burst.  At this time we are using the monitor in a standalone mode.  You can connect the monitor to a PC as there is a USB cable.  There is a DVD which will load the drivers onto your PC (Windows).  The DVD comes with a bunch of videos to help with the setup.  As of now, I haven't used the PC to record.  There is a feature which allows you to use SKYPE to view your cameras from any remote location, say from your smart phone or another PC....I haven't tried this out yet and I was leery since SKYPE was hacked recently.. Overall, the LOREX product does what its supposed to do...provide the homeowner with a low cost security platform and act as a deterrent to neer-do-wells.