I have hundreds of merchandises I did not review yet, all on amazon.com I just don't have that time to sit and type reviews, all my reviews are intended to help other buyers as I always look for reviews on every product I buy on amazon, products with many reviews are attractive to other buyers, I don't really care about how sellers feel, what matters is helping other buyers understand the general ins and outs of the product.  It didn't miss minute of its scheduled delivery time, the shipping and factory packing were intact, very organized and easy to unpack, installation took about 2 days (My house is a ranch style with 1200 SQFT of shop) eight channels/cameras are not enough for my property but good enough.FUNCTIONALITY CHECK: Don't waste a minute of your time to start the installation phase before you will check its functionality, simply it will be waste of time to find defective item after compilation of installation and end up sending back the whole package, remove all the cameras and connect to DVR and see day time and night time before attempting to permanently install them, it's not that sellers will intentionally ship you defective product but it happens.INSTALLATION: as mentioned it took me 2 days to run the wires due to concrete drilling and low crawling in the attic in about 100 degrees heat. Even though the wires are long enough to reach from the camera location to the COMMAND  center, any installer must expect getting additional video/power cable and (MALE) connector, sometimes you just cannot run it straight line, two of mine each took 100 feet cable luckily I had 4 50ft extra cables in hand. (This is a plug and play) or simply easy to install thing, you don't need to be what they call (professional?) I don't think so! make sure you identify which side of the cable goes to the camera and which side goes to the DVR, if you just pool a 50ft cable in a attic and end up pulling it back, it just feels like bad day! NOTE: Please DO NOT leave the cable wrapped make sure you UNWRAP all of it, even when you don't need the whole 50 feet to do the job! If you leave it wrapped the cable heats up and can even caught on fire, this have something to do with electric current circulation in the wire, I had two of them left wrapped and when I went inside the attic and check they were both smelling like burned plastic and really hot, I am luck I didn't do this the 2nd day or hour, this happened in 7 to 10 minutes.SETTUP: After you are done with installation grab your favorite drink and take 10 to 20 minutes rest to refresh yourself, now everything is plugged in and your TV is set to display your cameras, " POWER ON" your DVR and follow onscreen instruction to change your default USER NAME and PASSWORD (CREATE YOUR OWN USER NAME AND PASSWORD)  because all the default ones are default for many other models.  in my case the 1st thing I did was run the RJ45 from my secure DVR room to my router, this is done as part of the whole installation (THIS SYSTEM DOES NOT SUPPORT WIFI)  you cannot connect it to your LAN using wifi, you definitely need free network port on your switch/router. Insert the CD into your pc/laptop and install the software (mine didn't work with win7 64 so I went on their website and download the latest version. Now your remote monitoring from the PC/MAC side is done. go to app/play store and download the app that is made for your specific model, you will find an option to scan ( A BARCODE)  located on top of your DVR, scan it and it will give you an option to login. CLICK IT AND YOU ARE DONE!  you don't need any special skill to do all.  This system is as clear and unbelievably high quality of pictures as the PRO security systems. I really love the fact that It is connected to its own 32" Sony Previa and my 60" SHARP while it can be viewed with my Samsung GS4 and also on desktop BTW this is the 3rd set I bought in the past 180 days and returned all the other brands due to poor pictures and I love this one, wide enough to cover wide area, my property really large (1+ACR) I can see my neighbors front yard very clearly, "My neighbor wants these cameras BTW I am ordering 4 of them for him as soon as I am done with this review :)(My purpose of shopping on amazon) is to SAVE MONEY, LEARN MORE FROM OTHERS AND DO EVERYTHING MYSELF)