After following the plug and play instructions to the letter, I ended up having to use my IT knowledge to install my cameras and get them working on my Verizon wireless router.  IT guy here.  I could imagine that any brand wireless camera that needs to get married to your wireless access point could present similar problems, or if installing using a wired Ethernet connection, so I'll withhold poor marks to Dlink but this is something they could improve upon.I bought two of these.  The first one is still working after about 6 weeks.  I just had to return the second one because something came loose from inside around the lens area and it caused the picture to have a permanent shadow on the left hand side of the viewing screen.  I tilted the unit sideways and the obstruction seemed to slip out of the way.  Possibly heat from staying on 24x7 caused something to detach, maybe a piece of film?  Strange because the camera was set up in an area that gets no traffic so I know nothing hit it.  I returned it to Radio Shack and sadly, the only one they had to replace it had a nylon mount which connects the camera onto the swivel base.  I can already tell this is not going to reliably hold the camera in place and I wonder why they went from the older mount which was made from either metal or hard plastic with chrome over it to this poor design.  Or, this was the earlier design.  Either way, I will be calling customer support to ask for a sturdier one.Though you could tie into your router and connect to the cameras directly, I went the easy route of creating a "My Dlink" account on the Dlink web site and thus the video/audio is streamed there in order to viewed from my iPhone, laptop, remote PC, etc.  I have noticed that sometimes the cameras will mysteriously not show up on my account as active.  This means you can't see the video feed.  Give it an hour or two and it may come back, or it may require a reboot of the camera.  This is frustrating if you are away from home.These are my first wireless IP cameras that I have dealt with.  Note something I missed, and that is that the video is in black and white.  It does the job though and I really don't have any complaints about the resolution.  The infra-red video is impressive, even in total darkness.  I was pleasantly surprised that I could see everything in total darkness.  (I mostly use an iPhone to monitor).I use a Mac Pro which comes with Safari for the web browser.  I gave up trying to update everything, install Active X or Java or whatever else it was that seemed to be a road block to be able to even manage the cameras on Dlink's web site in my "My Dlink" account.  I finally ended up downloading Firefox's browser and using this browser for the Dlink monitoring and adjusting settings remotely or from inside the house.The motion detection feature has been useless to me on both cameras.  It's really cool to sit there and use the interface to draw the area of the screen that you want to be monitored for movement but here's what I got on both cameras as a result.  The camera will email you either a 6 second video clip or a still.  I found that even on the least sensitive setting, using an area of the screen that just cannot move, it still falsely detected motion and flooded my inbox with clip after clip after clip.  If you're really bored, this might be cool but if you only want to know when there truly is movement, this will quickly become annoying.The audio is very impressive.  I found that I could hear conversations in the other end of my house.There is a timeout on the My Dlink site that will disconnect you from your session after a certain amount of time.  This means that you must continue to log back in and connect in order to keep seeing the video stream.  Not a problem if all you want to do is check in and see if the kitties are all good but annoying if you want to monitor for a while.I paid $149 at Best Buy and then $139 at Radio shack for the second one.  For what I got, I would much rather have paid around $65-$75 so I'm going to say that I find these a little expensive for what you get and I say this just from cost to benefit standpoint, not in comparing them with other brands and models.I think if I bought a third camera I would be tempted to try another band.  However, I have gotten used to the little iPhone app that requires only two taps to be watching the house from a remote location.  I am sure that you can't get other manufacturer's cameras rounded up with the Dlink cams in the My Dlink app.I probably would not have even written a review but the cheap nylon mount was a disappointment.  I believe I rated everything else fairly though.Good luck