I got this item yesterday and immediately started to set it up.  I had compared this camera to the Foscam's and Dropcam and I bought this because of the wealth of information at the dlink site.  Also, it looked like it would fulfill my needs.I have an older router that doesn't support WPS.  WPS enables you to push a button on the router to set up the camera automatically.  I needed to physically connect the camera via the supplied Cat 5 cable to the router itself (not my PC).  But there is a label on the camera over the power and ethernet port that notifies you to install the CD first.The CD walked me through the installation process with no difficulty.  I then went looking to see if there is a firmware upgrade.  I found one on their site and downloaded it and browsed for it in the camera's web interface.  That didn't work and luckily it reverted back to the old firmware.If you have registered the camera with Dlink (I suggest registering), then the mydlink site will upgrade the firmware for you.  They also warn that the ethernet cable needs to be connected to the router, which I didn't do during the manual firmware upgrade.With the firmware upgraded, I moved the camera to the area that I wanted to monitor, then got the IP address of the camera from my router and pointed my tablet to that URL (use "https://) so that I could set the viewing area.I wanted it to e-mail me video clips when it detected motion, so I pulled my account data from the t-bird e-mail account settings and tested it.  The test sends a photo.Somewhere along the way I also set up network time protocol (NTP) and pointed it to Dlink's NTP site.  That way you get the correct time on the video within a few secondes.There are 4 different video recording/playback modes that you can set.  It actually captures video in all 4 modes at once.  For an e-mail of a video, you might want a little bit lower quality and resolution than if you are monitoring it in your own house over your wireless.  In fact, you can point Real Player at it and select which video mode you want to monitor (URL rtsp://<camera_IP_address>/mode)I put a 16 GB micro SD card in it so that the video would be permanently captured.  You can record to the SD card only when there is motion detected and this is a great option for setting up the motion detection.  You can then go through the captures (a little over a minute per capture) and make sure that recording only triggers on the events that you want.  In my case I set up for PIR motion detection only at low sensitivity, since I only want it to detect motion 5-15 feet away.  After reviewing some of the videos, it only triggers when one of us is walking through the room and not the ceiling fan.  It hasn't been through a thunder storm yet.When the camera detected motion, I wanted 2 things to happen:1. I would recieve an SMS text on my iphone at <my_phone_number>@txt.att.net2. My g-mail account would get a 10 second video.The text message would alert me to check the e-mailed video.  Unfortunately, it seems that you can't add 2 e-mail addresses in the e-mail setup.  Nor can you select both a video and a snapshot to be sent, one to one address and the other to another.  I got around this by setting up my g-mail account to forward the e-mail to my SMS text message account.  While I can't see the video in the text message, the text message informs me in no uncertain terms that motion has been detected.  Then I can revert to e-mail and watch the video.Other nice features are that you can set up a schedule when it will record to the SD card or send e-mails when it detects motion.  I haven't spent a lot of time playing with mydlink on their website, but it doesn't seem to be nearly as sophisticated as the camera's own web interface.  The thing to do might be to set up IP forwarding on the router as others have suggested and access the camera itself remotely.Maybe I will report back on it after I have some more experience with it.  But, for now and for the price, I am pretty happy7/30/2013 update.  We went through a terrific thunderstorm last night with lightning close by.  The only time the PIR detection triggered was when my wife walked past a couple of times.  Also, when you log out of the web interface and it warns you to close the browser, do what it says!  I was trying to permanently set its IP address on the router and couldn't get back into it with firefox.  I brought IE up and logged in.  I thought that I was going to have to figure out how to factory reset it.  Another good thing is that by default it responds to ping.