I've been using this for a few weeks to watch for people snooping around my work cubicle after hours.  So far I'm fairly impressed - the device works as advertised.Pros: - Excellent battery life, I have left it unattended for several days at a time. - There is a tripod mount on the back of unit, but I haven't tried it yet. - Very small package - does not look overly conspicuous. - Included rubber stand allows for easy positioning - Incredibly easy to use once configured - just turn the switch "on" when you want it active. - The night vision, while I have only tested it once, is surprisingly pretty good.Cons (mostly already covered) - The instructions are not very clear. - The field of view is not very wide - I'm only able to capture about 1/2 of the area in my cubicle. - When in pitch dark, the IR LED's light up for the night vision to work.  The IR's are not invisible - they emit some low red light, which to me was clearly visible in a mostly dark room - this makes it somewhat conspicuous in the dark. - There is a definite delay in time to start recording.  This is the price for long battery life - the device is in "standby" until it detects motion, so there's a delay for things to get rolling.  Typically a person is fully in frame by the time recording starts.  I don't think it's a big deal personally, but expect the first 2-4 seconds of an "event" to be missed. - Connecting it to my PC is rather flaky using the built-in USB port.  I usually remove the microSD card and use a separate microSD reader to access the stored videos.And here is a rough setup guide that may help those who struggle with the included directions:1) Acquire a microSD card that is at least rated as "Class 6" - I bought a 16 gig one from a different online site.  It is NOT included.2) You must be able to access this microSD card as a drive on a Windows PC - either by following the included directions for activating the "removable storage" on the camera, or the much easier method - use a microSD USB reader.  Many microSD cards come with a reader.3) The camera comes with a small CD containing a setup executable (.exe) file.  You must copy this setup file to the microSD card.  Do NOT launch the setup program from the CD - copy it to the microSD card, and then put the CD away - you won't need it anymore.4) From the microSD card, launch the setup program that you just copied.  Here you will set resolution, frame rate, and date/time.  Click the "save" button.5) The program will instruct you to reboot the camera.  If you are using an external card reader, take the card out and put it into the camera - remove the battery cover and gently pull the battery aside to expose the microSD slot.  If you are not, then disconnect the camera from the USB cable and thrn it "Off".6) Wait a few seconds, then, turn the camera switch to "On".  Set it somewhere, dance around in front of it, whatever, to test it.  I would recommend running it for several minutes, some of that time spent moving in front of it, and some of that time spent out of the field of view, to give it a thorough test.  The camera generally will NOT save the video it is CURRENTLY recording, so if you just turn it on, move around, and turn it off, the camera will not save any videos.  You must allow it to reset to standby at least once for it to write the video to the card.7) Turn the camera off and move the microSD card to your reader (or, follow the directions to put the camera in mass storage mode).  Open the "VIDEOS" folder on your SD card.  There should be folders sorted by date, and then videos within for each motion detection, the file name being the timestamp.  Make sure you can play them.