I installed this camera about 5 months ago with no problems to date. Always on and working via the laptop or my Android phone. When I first installed the camera I used it both hard wired and wireless. I had no problems operating it wireless mode except a second or two of lag time while panning around. In the end It was easy for me to just wire the camera into the network for best operation. The wireless and wired software and network installations were no problem as the manual was very clear on how to install and configure the camera. I had the camera up and  test running in 10 minutes. The browser interface that comes with works best in Explorer (I'm using 9) all the features work. Chrome and Firefox (My Fav) a few of the camera controls are missing or not working and that to bad because IE and I don't get along well. The camera works with many different types of IP Cam Viewers on the Net for download and most are Free if you hunt around. The ones listed on Agasio's site work well  Try them all and pick the one you like. I also tried several different Android viewer apps before I decided on one that worked best for me. Connecting and using DNS was problem free as well. I used dyn dns as my provider. I had never used DNS before. The set up was fairly smooth, the cam manual instructions made all the difference. Note: After  the Camera, router and DNS was set up the camera didn't work right away or worked on and off. After reading The help section on the DNS site it can take up to 72 hours for The IP addresses to work properly in the net.In my opinion the camera is well made, all metal and the clear globe appears to be glass so it's stayed clean on it's own. I have the camera installed out in the open with no protection, so far the camera hasn't leaked or shown any signs of weather damage. I'm in the south and we have had many heavy storms this last winter and spring.Daylight picture quality is good and in focus I able to clearly see anything on my property that the camera is able to pan to. Images and video that the camera takes in daylight hours are acceptable to good quality. I have all settings set to High Quality. Night viewing is fair to poor at best. There is a halo affect while viewing from the night vision lights that reflects back at the camera lens making for poor viewing. You have the ability to turn off the night vision lights and if your lucky like me I have a street light that provides enough light to view my property good enough. I also have a 4 cam system with a DVR. It's a middle of the road system and gets the job done. This Agasio IP Dome cam has much better picture quality and better color than the more expensive DVR cams I have. I would give this camera 5 stars if it wasn't for the halo reflection making for poor viewing quality at night which I believe is a very important time when one would want the best quality viewing and recording should the need arise. I just ordered Agasio's model with the smoked globe and zoom feature for a large area of my property that is out of view. I'm hoping that not having night vision lights and the smoked globe will work better for me at night with the building lights that are on all night in this area. I think these cameras are a good value for what they do,  my trouble free usage for 5 mounts now for under $200. I'll report back any improvements or problems on this new model Agsio camera I have ordered.