For the price, this security camera is a very cool item. It can be installed on a flat or vertical surface and comes with a lot of camera options, like view-ability from anywhere in the world from a PC, laptop, iPhone or iPad. It can be set to several different stable angles and there is a tiny speaker for recording or sending sound (I turned mine off). Once set up, you can also remotely pan and tilt the lens to any position. The pan/tilt speeds range from 1 to 10 and there are 15 preset positions for viewing. When motion is detected, it sends an email with a half dozen shots to your account. I set up a separate email account just for this camera so I wouldn't have my regular email overloaded. Note that you need to set the sensitivity of motion to 1 through 10. Having cats, I set it to a low sensitivity. The image is sufficient (640 X 580) and it has `Upgraded Night Vision' with 16 Built-in IR Illuminators. The IR Cut Filter eliminates washed-out or odd or glaring colors.Setup was tough for me, although I noticed other reviewers felt it was easy. I found setup was not intuitive. The instructions that came in the box were very small, so I printed out a larger set. At first, I had trouble and you need to know your router password (write it on the bottom of your router for future use) and mail account passwords. No sweat. I called support and they were on it! In a relatively short period of time, support (through LOGMEIN) was able to teach me how to set up all the features and how to use them properly. The toughest part was writing down the instructions that were relevant to me. It was touch and go initially, but we got it and now I am happy to know I can reset this camera if I need to without support. Do note that support was from California and they were friendly and patient. That was a huge seller for me.There were some interesting things I discovered about this camera. It should be used for indoor use over outdoor (they do manufacture outdoor cameras). Initially I had my set in a windowsill overlooking my front door, but the day images were frequently emailed to me (it detected little movements of shrubbery). I simply lowered the sensitivity. Then the night photos were glaring white. It turns out that the infra-red camera reflected on my window, causing that. I moved it indoor to view towards my sliding glass door and windows. Now when it discovers motion, I get an email to my account within a minute. Even if a burglar saw the camera and stole it (you have the option to turn of the infra-red light), they would be photographed and stored in the memory. Check with your insurance carrier. Some will give you a discount depending on how many cameras and what types you own.I plan on getting another camera soon and the good news is the software is already setup for my PC and devices. All you need is an electrical socket. I'd give it five stars, but I found the instructions to be tough to read and understand - that's a user comment. Otherwise, this is a valuable addition to your home. This product was generously supplied by the manufacturer for an honest review.