This could be a very good value, but I had to return them (my first Amazon return ever). Unfortunately the power consumption is so great that it is necessary to provide non-standard, very large diameter power cabling (14-16 AWG) in order to use the IR night vision. The power consumption shown on the camera is MAX 3W (250 milliamps) at 12VDC. If this was true, the camera could easily be served by standard 24AWG siamese CCTV cabling at distances from 60-75 feet. I had 50' pre-made cables, which work perfectly with all of my other CCTV IR cameras, but they could not supply enough current to operate the 4 large IR lamps that these cameras use. I am guessing that this model draws 600-800 milliamps or more, but I don't have the equipment to measure it. The camera only worked at night when I used a 2' long cable and a 2 amp power supply (2000 milliamps)--not suitable for most CCTV installations. It would not surprise me if this camera drew 12 watts or more (1000 milliamps +) when the IR lamps are on at night. By the way, the manufacturer specification for the night vision is 65-100' and not the 330' as shown in the item description. It does do a good job at 65-100', but is not going to give you much of an image at longer distances (assuming you give it the amperage it needs).The output video is definitely not up to industry standard 600 line video, but it is pretty good. If the cameras had worked with the standard 24AWG pre-made cabling that comes with the majority of security systems, I would have kept them (I bought 4). I know that I could have purchased a spool of 16AWG cable and some connectors and re-strung all of the cables and then fitted the connectors myself, but I am not looking for a career as a CCTV installer.The downside of a purchase like this is that installing the cabling is one of the most time-consuming parts of the installation. After I had carefully strung all of the cables (purchased from Amazon), that's when I found out that the cameras just won't work at night. The vendor put me through many time-consuming trial and error solutions before they authorized the return. I spent more time trying to make them work than I spent on the entire security system installation. I purchased four 8 Amp power supplies to replace the supplied 2 Amp power supplies, but there was just too much amperage required for the standard 24 AWG siamese cables. What's worse is that they know about the problem, and finally admitted (after about two weeks of emails) that they have received other complaints about this problem. When something is not industry standard and creates a known problem, the vendor should include the special components needed, or provide optional accessories, such as proper AWG power cables in optional lengths, e.g., 30', 50', 100', 150' etc. By omission of this critical information, the vendor is doing a disservice to Amazon and all of us.