I have had a Primos Truth Cam 35 in the woods on my one hundred acres in northern Maine since early May of 2011, before the snow melted. For the money, it is an excellent buy and, although my experience has been limited to the Primos line of wildlife cameras, I expect that it would compare well to far more expensive cameras. Although the resolution is limited to 3.0 MP, the photos are nevertheless clear enough for me to be proud to post them on petramainewildlife.com. I also have a Primos Truth Cam 46, with a 5.0 MP resolution, and it's a great camera as well, but I think the Truth Cam 35 produces photos as good as the slightly more expensive 46 model. I consider the audible click to be a plus, and I prefer the switch settings on the Truth Cam 35 to the software settings on the Truth Cam 46.When I first put my camera out in the woods, I looked at the weather reports and learned that the forecast was for seven straight days of freezing rain and sleet. At first, I considered retrieving my camera, for fear that it would be harmed, then decided that this was as good a time as any to try out the warranty. Not only did the camera survive, but it took good photos during this time. The first wild animal to appear on camera showed up on the same day that I mounted the camera to a tree, and it was a Maine black bear, who then laid down to take a nap in front of the camera at 3:00 o'clock in the afternoon. We have had a very wet spring, summer and fall here in Maine, and my camera has been out in the woods the whole time. I did start seeing some washed out pictures only a couple of weeks ago, near the end of the photo season in northern Maine, as my land is not accessible during the winter except by snowmobile or snowshoes. I wrote to Primos and they instructed me to send it back, while they sent me a replacement, so it's clear that they stand by their warranty.I have read some reviews from customers complaining that the Primos Truth Cam 35 produced an audible click while it was taking still photos, which some claimed would spook the wildlife. On the contrary, I have found that the slight audible noise that it does make simply gets the animal's attention and prompts it to look in the direction of the camera or even to come in for a closer look. Black bears have tried to maul my camera four times, the lens has been smudged, at different times, by a bear and a moose who were intrigued by the camera, and a black bear used my camera as a backscratcher once while it was in video mode. These made for some amusing photos and video, but my camera was not harmed. My camera has caught photos and video of at least four different black bears, several moose, some white-tailed deer, racoons, rabbits and a large cat which, unfortunately, wasn't close enough for me to identify. Only the white-tailed deer appeared to have been startled by the camera and that was when she came upon a small clearing in the middle of a cedar swamp at 10:00 o'clock at night to encounter a camera flash along with I would presume, the audible click that concerns some people. From the photos, the deer was obviously startled. Still, she stared at the camera for quite awhile, then began grazing. She would look up at the camera periodically, but certainly wasn't spooked. The camera is sensitive enough to be activated by a bird, although there is an option to lower the sensitivity.By next spring, I hope to have at least four cameras in the woods, and at least two of them will be Truth Cam 35s, while I may also try out one of their higher end models. I recommend the Truth Cam 35 highly.Added on January 23, 2012: Having used my Primos Truth Cam 35 since early spring, and my Primos Truth Cam 46 since mid-summer, my experience is that the Truth Cam 35 takes far better night photos than the more expensive Truth Cam 46 model, while the day photos taken by the Truth Cam 46 are slightly better than those from the Truth Cam 35, given the higher megapixel capacity. Given this, as well as the simplicity of the Truth Cam 35, I would buy another Truth Cam 35 camera, but I probably wouldn't buy another Truth Cam 46, although both are good cameras. Since much of the wildlife are nocturnal, the quality of night photography is important.