This is a good, basic, easily set up home/small business security system with basic recording and remoting capability to a smart phone etc. (if connected to a router for web access/communications). The system has good, but not high definition resolution of 480 X 272, 320 x 240 (QVGA). The cameras have B&W; night vision capability out to ~40 feet (20 IR LEDs, low light sensitivity or 1-8 lux) and the picture sensor is a OV7725 1/4' color CMOS technology with a F3.6mm H:55 V:44 lens.Display: The portable 7" display is very convenient and a great feature but its rechargeable battery is limited to ~ 5 hours before needing to place it in the data/power cradle for recharging - so it will not make it through an full eight-hour or more business day. You need to plan to have the cradle/dock attached to AC power in a central/primary location in your home or business.Range: The system claims an operating range of up to 500 feet (152 meters) in open/line-of-sight situations but depending upon building/wall construction ranges can be as short as 50 to 200 feet. The cameras conveniently have industry-standard SMA RF connectors and you may want to get better rated (dBi) directional antennas (e.g. 5dBi panel) if you are experiencing a reception problem with one particular camera due to interference or attenuation (range, building/wall construction). Auxiliary/higher-performance antennas or amplifiers are available at RF/WiFi electronics vendors or via Amazon. One popular antenna brand is Alfa. Be sure to get the correct SMA gender connector. Foscam antennas, as an example have reverse SMA gender from industry standard, and will not be the correct SMA gender for the Uniden cameras, while the (example) Alfa antennas generally will be correct.Power: While the system is wireless for video/sound, it does need wired 120vAC power for each camera and also the 7" diagonal (4" for G455 system)  cordless/portable video display's data/charging cradle. The system cameras and display unit charging/data cradle use (120vAc to 5 vDC 1 amp) "wall wart" power supplies. Each power supply has a 6 foot cord and the camera cords include an additional 6 foot extension for a generous total of 12 feet for the cameras. If you don't need the extension for a particular camera, you can use in on the display cradle cord. The display (not cameras) has a rechargeable lithium-polymer battery that recharges when display is in the cradle/docking station. Display battery life is up to ~five (5) hours.Additional Cameras: You will likely want to get two expansion cameras for a total of four cameras. The display can pair to these and display them in a quad (4) camera display. Be sure to get the newer Uniden FHSS cameras specifically compatible with the G455 or G755 systems because they are newer/different than the older less expensive Uniden cameras. The specific expansion cameras are CG45 in black, and CG45W in white available on Amazon or via other vendor. The basic G455 and G755 system comes with two black cameras. The cameras other than outside color are identical in function and appearance. Some reviewers complained of new/additional camera pairing difficulty but we experienced none of that - pairing very easy simple/quick. From the pairing camera screen, tap image 3 or 4 (1& 2 are pre-paired at factory for you), then during the 60 second count down, press the pairing button on the new un-paired camera. Repeat for the fourth camera as applicable.Storage/Recording: The G755 systems includes a 4GB SDHC memory card good for ~60 hour recording and can be upgraded to 32GB SDHC card (currently Jan 2013 ~$22) equating to ~480 hours of recording capacity.Summary: We feel these systems should be also offered with four camera as a value package because at ~$130 each, two expansion cameras boost the total system cost to just over $600 which is not insignificant for a system of these modest capabilities/specifications (and is approaching low-end commercial security systems prices that have full-up DVR capabilities), thus overall 4 stars vice 5 for value.