I purchased this during the Black Friday sales and got it for $99.  It arrived within the week and as always with Amazon was well packaged.I don't think I need to list what's in the box but you do get a 1GB micro SD card which was nice.  You can record up to 1.5hrs.  I've replaced that with a 4GB card to I now get 7.5hrs.First, I don't have a baby.  I have a teenager.  I bought this so I could keep an eye on my house while I'm at work by using the remote view. More on that below.The camera and monitor are of good quality.  Sturdy and well made.  They can both run on batteries or they can run on the power adapters that you receive.  The camera not only records picture and sound but picks up on the room temprature and has infared capability for night vision.  The basics - you plug in the camera and switch it on.  You plug in the monitor and switch it on, the monitor will scan for cameras and within seconds you get the image on the screen.  That's it, it's that easy.  I have the camera in the living room and the monitor in my room.  There are 3 walls between both and the signal strength is still at maximum and the picture quality is excellent.  It does appear in B/W though with just a hint of color...if you know what I mean.  The colors are not rich but that's not important. Like other reviews, the sound that is picked up and heard on the monitor is very low, hard to hear.  You can set the recording mode to 30 seconds...so when the camera picks up sound it will record for upto 30 seconds.  That's enough for me...and you can set it to over-write so when the SD card is full it will start over again.Remote view.  Works through Skype.  Most of us have Skype accounts, if not you will need to open 2.  You need 1 account for you and 1 account for the camera.  The instruction booklet is very easy to follow when setting this up either for PC or MAC.  Once you have both accounts set up on Skype you basically befriend eachother and adjust a couple of settings but it's all in the book.  Now, here's the problem. The monitor, which obviously picks up the picture, needs to be connected to the internet... then you can use you smart phone to gain remote access.  I was hoping you just connected the monitor to your modem or router but you can't.  YOU HAVE TO CONNECT THE MONITOR TO A LAPTOP AND HAVE SKYPE OPEN AND RUNNING.  Now, for my purposes, I can not have my laptop set up and hidden in a closet, well I could but it would be a pain.  I did try it and it works fine.  Using my cell phone I can access the camera and see my living room perfectly but coming home everyday and moving the laptop etc is too much hassle.There must be wifi cameras out there.  You put the camera in your house, it sends a signal to your modem/router and then you can access it via a smart phone.  If anyone know of any like this, please let me know!!!I'm happy with the purchase.  For $99 its a good quality camera and monitor and will record images while I'm not home and help me keep an eye on my house/teenager.  Using the remote view would be awesome but having a laptop constantly set up is just a pain.  I could just leave my laptop on the kitchen table and point the webcam towards the living for that!  The remote viewing on this device doesn't make sense to me... if you see a way around this please let me know.Thx