THE GOOD------------------------------------+ Does not rely on public utilities (except T-mobile)+ Costs less to purchase equipment outright than some other companies' installation fees+ $25/mo monitoring (we wanted to be able to control it with our androids)+ For me, this package came with the perfect amount of sensors, and no other BS. With other companies, if I wanted four sensors I had to purchase their higher tier package which came with a bunch of other crap I didn't really need, like home automation.+ You can purchase and add sensors individually. This is one of the biggest benefits for me. I move a lot, and my next apartment may need a few more entry sensors. It's nice that I can just go online and buy more if I need them. It's also perfect for people on a limited budget who want to accumulate equipment over time.+ You can take it with you. I move every 3 months for school, and all I have to do is peel my equipment off the wall, stick it up in the new place, and notify them of the address change.+ The equipment doesn't feel like cheap plastic crap+ Everything stuck to the wall securely on the first try for me. No sensors have fallen down, and the keypad (the only item I mess with on a regular basis) feels secure and doesn't move when I touch it. I forgot to clean the wall before I put the keypad up, but I used a lysol wipe for all the other sensors.+ They usually call me within 45 seconds of the alarm being triggered.+ My fab works in my house, in my yard, and even from my parking lot.THE BAD-------------------------------------- The siren is in the base station, not the keypad. From reading their site, I was under the impression that the siren was in the keypad because some intruders will try to smash the keypad on traditional systems before it can call the police. The idea being that with simplisafe, the keypad goes off, they smash it, and the base station silently calls the police in the background anyways. It does, but not silently. Additionally, the keypad is usually by the door, so that is where you would want a siren.- The siren in the base station isn't loud enough. You can definitely hear it throughout my whole apartment, but I would doubt if my neighbors or anyone outside can hear it. If you have a house, your neighbors will never hear it. For that reason, a 105dB siren seems necessary. I'll be buying one shortly and putting it near the door.- The only way to set the system to 'home' when you're leaving is to open the door, set it to home, and then leave. Not a big deal, but it makes it more difficult when you're leaving but someone else is still home. The 'away' mode does give you sufficient time to leave. I usually just use the app in this case.- The android app is a little buggy yet. It works fine, just not perfectly.- The base station has a redundant connection in case cell service is out, but it's an RJ-11 phone line, not an RJ-45 network cable. I read another review on here where someone was excited because they could plug it into their router for a backup connection. When I unboxed it, I saw the backup connection is phone line only. This was probably the most disappointing con for me, as I only know three people with a landline, and only one person without an internet connection. Internet is ubiquitous, phone service is not. Please fix this simplisafe!!OVERALL-------------------------------------I highly recommend this system. It's affordable, modern, easy to use, easy to setup, modular, and portable. The pros far outweigh the cons, and this system will be far cheaper than an equivalent product from ADT or Comcast. GET IT- you'll be happy you did!