the reviews are correct, but thanks to diligent research on my part, these cameras fit exactly what i needed.  i work from home and wanted some "eyes in the sky" to see vehicles/people approach my house.  as a bonus, this kit comes with 4 cameras so for kicks i can watch my back yard too.if you're trying to catch a criminal in the act, these are the WRONG choice.  you need high end, crystal clear.  these are simple video cameras, they'll catch a person or car during the day.  night vision barely works.. it may catch someone roaming your yard if they're wearing all white clothing.  at least that's my experience.the cables are cheap.  they work, but they're not shielded enough.  my video image has some light static, similar to an old VHS tape where you can adjust with tracking.  i'm not complaining about this, the video does the job and i'll upgrade the cables on my own.  any electronics will do this with too much electrical in close proximity as i definitely have in my office.THE INSTRUCTION MANUAL IS DEFINITELY LAUGHABLE.  i'm a senior network engineer for one of the top 3 largest software companies in the world and even i find this instruction manual useless.  i tossed it and decided to plug them in locally (in my lap) and test everything on my own before wiring permanently.  they worked, but tinkering with the DVR is going to be some serious trial and error.  networking won't be a problem for me, but i salute anyone with no networking experience attempting it.  i was tempted to return this product on behalf of this manual alone.  i can tell you without a doubt, this manual is an engineer's guide.  likely handed to Zmobod's new hires.  it doesn't explain anything, instead just a step-by-step walkthru to get from point A to point B when there's no time to explain what it is.  engineers use this type of thing daily, but if Zmodo was worth anything they'd send this booklet to a TECHNICAL WRITER to expand on it and add some useful flow to an average end-user.  it's quite pathetic.  words are misspelled, run-on and incomplete sentences, mismatching font sizes.  really b-rated garbage.  whoever made it didn't care and i couldn't help but think the product must have been made with the same lack thereof.i gave in, hooked it up, and i'm satisfied with it.  for the price, it's not in the cheap useless category and the next price up gets into expensive range for me.  they do the job, no telling if they break in 6 months, but i'm fine with the risk for the price ratio.  so far so good for me.again, if you need to identify people or "license plates" (seriously?) then this is not for you.  perhaps you should call NSA and borrow some satellite time b/c you are going to spend gobs for that kind of setup.  for simple eyes in the yard, no intent on catching anything (but bonus if you do), don't expect useful quality to hand over to law enforcement, but it can confirm the event happened and possibly pick up a car or clothing or other nonsense that will likely never be caught by authorities anyway.  watching the yard for kids playing, spouse in the garden, delivery truck arriving, sketchy door-to-door salesmen (why i purchased), the product is outstanding.  love it so far, minus the garbage documentation.hope this helps.