I'm still unsure as to how to rate this camera. I ordered my first Foscam FI8918W camera and it arrived overnight. I specifically followed the instructions as outlined in the Installation Manual. After hours of trying to get the camera to work, NO LUCK. The first problem was the installation disk that came in the package was cracked and I couldn't install the necessary software with this broken disk. So, I searched online and found the necessary software on a Foscam Camera Dealer's website. I downloaded the software and attempted to setup my new camera. Again, I followed the instructions, step by step with no luck. I finally realized that the camera I received must have been someone else's return. I believe this because the installation disk was cracked and the camera already had someone else's password established on it. I never could get a picture from the camera and after hours of unsuccessful attempts, I gave up and returned the camera.Next, I ordered another Foscam FI8918W camera, as the Amazon.com website would not allow me to simply exchange the first camera. The second camera arrived the next day. The second camera seemed to be loose in the base and something seemed to be rattling around inside the base. Again, I attempted to install the camera and software. This time, I was successful with getting the camera connected to my LAN. After many issues with getting the camera to connect to my router, finally I was successful. I had to disable WPA2 security on the router, as the camera wouldn't connect to my network with WPA2 enabled. I could only get the camera to connect using the WEP security on the router. Finally, after hours of "trial and error" I have the camera connected to my household wireless. It can be viewed on any PC in the house that's connected to my home network, but after all the aggravation, I'm not yet ready to try to connect to the camera remotely through the internet. I will save that task for another time.As stated in other reviews, the instructions are written in poor and improper English. You need to have plenty of patience to install this camera. I don't recommend it if you have very little, to no experience with computers or setting up routers.In conclusion, this camera is currently doing fifty-percent of what I intended it to do. I purchased it to monitor the exterior of my house while I'm at home and away. I can only view the camera when I'm at home, currently. Once you do establish a connection, the features are good. The pan and tilt functions work better than I expected and the infrared night vision is excellent. It can view an area in total darkness with the infrared feature enabled. There isn't really a zoom feature on this camera but you can view a relatively wide area quite easily without using the pan or tilt functions. All in all, I guess you get what you pay for. For the price, this is not a totally bad value if you have a little time and patience for setting this unit up.