Picked this up at Future Shop for 79.99 (Amazons is way over priced it seems)... the main purpose of my purchase is to have a camera I could tap into to view my dog during the day when I wanted to (from work, or in the community).  I didn't need some super fancy, and expensive security set up, just simply a window into my living room where she hangs out.  After looking at a number of options I decided to try this out simply because it a) had a good price and b) was available at the store in my area (didnt have to wait for shipping).  I also know that I have 30 days to return if necessary.I am on day 4 of using the camera and I must say I am pleased... not over joyed, but pleased.  Day 1 I was ready to throw the camera and box right out the window.  I consider myself to be semi tech smart but this little camera had me extremely frustrated.  I was able to hook it up to my wireless router no problem... I was able to see the camera on my computer but not on my ipad.  I called tech support 4 times... and after 3 hours in total of trouble shooting I was able to get things up and running.  There were helpful but there was a major communication barrier and it was often frustrating to understand their english.Once I got it up and running it has been pretty much flawless.  I am able to move the camera from outlet to outlet (it takes about 1 minute to reconnect itself to the internet) and I am ready to view a new room... I only did this for testing purposes... it is now on my shelf in the living room where it will stay.  The picture is good - not excellent but good.  There is an online settings window that has MANY settings you can change around.  I have it set on the highest resolution and it seems to be great.  There are also some complaints with it going to black and white too quickly - this was the case for me as well but I got around that by setting the settings so that 8am-8pm it is day time and 8-8am is night vision - seems to be working out fine :)  when the daylight changes I will have to adjust the times of day, but that is minor and not really necessary since there is a night time mode.I also did not give this camera a 5/5 is because when viewing on ipad/ipod you can only see the feed for 1 minute.  While at my work computer it is fine it can go on all day if I let it (once in a while it does get timed out but its no big deal) but on the ipad every minute you have to hit "view again" - is this an annoying feature for me, not really - like I said I just wanted it for a sneak peek into my home, I am not sitting there for hours viewing it but I could see how this could be frustrating for most and thought it was note worthy.Over all I would purchase another one, perhaps to see the kitchen as well, just another angel, but for now the one camera is doing its job and I am a satisfied customer... if I paid $150 I think this review would have been different, but since I didnt spend that much I am giving this a solid 4/5