A few years back, I put 4 WD 80G Caviars in a RAID 5 (240GB total) in a box I use for my work (I'm self employed developer). Last week, one of the drives failed, but thankfully I had the RAID 5 which falls back to RAID 0 in this situation. I didn't want to just replace the 1 drive, since they were all getting old, but I couldn't afford to purchase multiple drives for a new RAID setup.  The "new" RE4 500GB wasn't sold by Amazon. I'd have to pay extra shipping and I wasn't sure how fast it would get here. So, I settled on this WD RE4 500GB ("used-like new") from Amazon Warehouse Deals because my Prime membership never lets me down.The disk arrived in 2 days, as promised, in a plain brown WD box--but much to my surprise it wasn't wrapped in a static guard bag and the drive itself had been marked with a permanent black marker with the number "1". And, the manufacture date on it was 6 months old. Hmmm... this doesn't look good--not exactly "like new". I downloaded and ran the Western Digital Data LifeGuard Diagnostics test and it passed. I then went to wdc.com to register it. After plugging in the serial number it said "Limited Warranty" with 4.5 yrs left (based on the manufacture date). I was afraid of that. But I decided to complete the registration and when I entered the purchase date, it changed the warranty to 5yrs + 1 month (61 months). Sweet! I did a final backup that night of the old RAID OS volume and restored it to the new drive the next morning using Acronis True Image.  I did this instead of "cloning" because it can be done within Windows 7--recreating the active/running OS partition--without interacting with it. The restore to the new disk took less than an hour. I adjusted the BIOS settings for the new OS disk and it booted right up. Flawless.The take-home message #1 is: if it's essential to your livelihood, you need redundancy like a RAID 5 or a mirror setup AND a backup system (mine is Acronis True Image setup to backup every night). Now, I feel a little insecure because I don't have the redundancy anymore which means I could lose whatever work I do since the previous evening should the new drive fail. But, I think the RE4 disk is still a good choice if you're using a single disk. I will probably get 1 more when money isn't quite so tight and at least have a mirror.The take-home message #2 is: Don't jump to conclusions. Things aren't always as bad as they might appear. You can still get the full 5 yrs from WD buying from Amazon Warehouse Deals and their packaging is just that: packaging. It might not look good, but it's how the product performs that matters. I got it fast, saved a few bucks, got the full 5 yrs and it works great. I would buy another "like new" drive without hesitation.