I ordered this Hootoo model and Tenvis JPT3815W, EasyN FS-613A-M136. They all work pretty much the same way. Video qualities are equally good. Motion detection and other functions are all similar. However, Hootoo HT-206 and EasyN  FS-613A-M136 have alarm relay pins on the back. Tenvis JPT3815W does not have any (it's the least expensive among the three models for about $10 cheaper). Hootoo and EasyN have better audio (heard from my Android phone app IP Cam Viewer) that are more understandable to the remote listener. All of them have noises as expected for all such camera even for more expensive ones (e.g., Foscam). All of them can be set up the same way wirelessly or wired with my router. I tried to find a camera to control my Chamberlain garage door opener as discussed on the internet for people using Foscam cameras with relays. EasyN outputs 5 V between pin1 and pin 2 by default after booting. You can set the "Alarm service settings" to make it disappear after booting. However, like Foscam, during booting, it will turn on the voltage output for about 2 seconds and then off when the camera head is rotating (initializing). Some people say that this is required for linking to house alarms (I don't have). However, this will trigger the door opener. No good. Hootoo is perfect here. Its factory setting is to close pin 1 and pin 2 after reboot. (No voltage between pin 1 and pin 2.) This means if you check the resistance of the two pins using a multimeter, it reads zero ohm. This triggers door opener. You need to change it. I played with the "Alarm service settings" menu. It worked. (By the way, I don't use motion detection.) Now the Hootoo will not close the two pins after post power outage reboot or software hot reboot. Pin 1 and pin 2 now will only close when I use IP Cam Viewer app to do so. Now I can remotely operate my garage door and watch it open and close. In the app, you set "pulse for garage door." Many garage doors are simple to control. Two wires come out of the opener main box to a wall switch. They carry ~16V voltage to power the indicator light (and motion sensor for light in some newer models) on the wall switch. When the two wires are in contact momentarily by pressing the wall switch, door opener is triggered. Wiring from the camera to the door opener is thus extremely simple. Just link two wires between the camera and the door opener box or the wall switch. By the way, for the two Hootoo and EasyN models, pin 3 and pin 4 output constant 5 V (not-controllable by software). Useful if you want to power an external speaker. Hootoo has a Reed relay with a magnet inside. I can hear the clicking sound clearly even with Android app remotely, so I know the relay is activated. EasyN has a solid-state relay without any clicking sound. I prefer the clicking sound. Warning: Remotely operating a garage door is only safe if no one else is around the garage! Don't risk it when you have others living in the home. I use it to open the door when the delivery man has a big package.Advice: After you obtain a perfectly working relay for your door opener, save your camera settings in your web interface as backup. Never activate motion detection in your web interface or Android app. Otherwise, the camera will close (constant close, not pulse close) pin 1 and pin 2 during and after a reboot (due to power flicker, etc). Your door will open during booting. You have to open up (set relay off for) the two pins using Android app or web interface. Otherwise, your wall switch won't work (even its indicator lights will be off). You can restore your backed up settings using your web interface and after this camera will work fine. In essence, never set "Alarm on" if you want to control your door. The IP Cam Viewer app's light-bulb icon also controls the same relay. Don't play with it because it does not have the pulse function. By the way, my Device Firmware Version is 17.37.2.41 and Device Embedded Web UI Version 20.8.1.124. Your results may be different if you have different versions. I found that Hootoo HT-IP210F camera will close pin 1 and pin 2 briefly during booting. You may have constant close of pin 1 and pin 2 if you change your alarm service settings. I have  Device Firmware Version 17.37.2.47 for HT-IP210F. It shares the same 17.37.2.41 firmware with HT-IP206. I guess if I downgrade to .41, I will avoid the the problem. Not tried yet because they don't have .47 firmware available for download yet.