The first of these I purchased, I had to return because the camera snapshot feature and VOX didn't work. The second one I received worked well for three months. My wife and I really enjoyed this product. The video is of great quality, and I love the VOX feature. We can monitor both of our children while they are sleeping, and when there is a noise in the room, the camera immediately comes to life so we can survey the area and address the situation. What happened after three months? My wife plugged in the monitor to the base to recharge, and the USB connection within the monitor broke. As I am an engineer, I examined the unit and found that the USB connection is a very weak point, and that you have to place the monitor 'just so' into its base to recharge. Figuring that it was our fault, I purchased another one for our use. Again, after three months, I plugged it in, (and I am one to be very gentile with electronic equipment, as I consider myself not only an electronic engineer, but a 'techno-geek'), and it broke on me. Same thing - the internal USB connection within the monitor. I have a call now into the company to have that unit replaced. I have since rigged the previously broken unit with my own recharger and am temporarily using that until I hear back from the company.What I like about this unit: The cameras are exceptional for their design. They are portable, battery powered for short excursions from their 'base site' (visiting overnight at grandma's), or when we're at the beach house, we can monitor outside while the cameras are sitting where ever we decide to mount them. The batteries in the cameras and monitors are okay. They last us about four to five hours. The cameras are great at adjusting for different lighting situations, from daylight, to total darkness. I totally love the fact I can 'talk back' to the kids if they happen to get up for something. Sometimes a quick "it's not time to get up" in my Daddy voice is all it takes for the wee ones to drop back down and go to sleep for another hour, when they get up unusually early. I love the fact the monitor can monitor up to four cameras at once. Since the kids are now moving all over the place, I can have extra cameras around and monitor up to four at a time (on one screen), and easily select which camera I wish to monitor full screen.What I don't like, is what I've already explained. I feel that if the company can devise a more robust USB base within the monitor itself, then this would be a perfect product. Until then, I'm left with a jerry-rigged unit until they respond about my second broken unit.I did a lot of research before purchasing this unit - and I still think it's a great concept, just a weak point in engineering.