Called customer service for help in setting up recording on DCS 932 L. Agent AR004628 assisted me for a long time in getting my computer set up to record. Would not have been able to do it without his help. Camera is working great now with his help. There is a long wait for customer service. Waited 20 min the first time I called then was cut off. Called another day, waited 38 min only to be told I got in the wrong line. He put me in the correct queue & I waited almost an hr. I got good service but be aware that you may wait a long time. They are open 24/7 & he said late at night was the best time to call. The number for America is 1-877-453-5465. The correct numbers to push are 2-2-5-1. That will get you to the correct agent.This camera will record video continuously or with motion detection. Go to this link to download the software: ftp://ftp.dlink.com/DView/DViewCam_v330_Device_Pack_v142.zip. After you download this go to programs & type in:--DView & click on it--Scroll down to & click dlink bundle--click install pack--click device pack--click setup."Main Console is what you have after it is installed. He got it to work & told me how to do it but I didn't write it down & cannot remember. Will come back with those instructions if I get them. I do remember that the neg button in the lower left corner will minimize it.Another issue is recording or viewing at night through a glass window. You cannot do it because the IR lights on the camera reflect back. I read a suggestion on one of the forums to use a Jelly Lens Wide Angle Fish Eye for Camera Cell Phone. This is the one I bought. Ordered from China for $1. It hasn't come yet so don't know how it will work.Another suggestion was to turn off the Infrared on the camera and use an outdoor light with a movement or heat sensor that will illuminate the outside when motion is detected. Or use an external IR lamp/spotlight.  Gino Infrared IR 12 Led Illuminator Board Plate for CCTV Security CCD Camera; or from places like Maplin/Radio Shack.  Some of the lamps have motion detection to save lamp life, others just work all the time. It was suggested that the cheap IR light board you purchase be affixed directly against the window with the camera several inches away. I have found that the screen must be moved out of the way. Or you could mount the IR board outside. One person said to buy IR Infrared 48 LED illuminator light on eBay or Amazon. They cost $12 on up.Have done a lot of research on this & hope the info helps someone. When I discovered the camera does indeed record I ordered 4 more cameras yesterday as they were on sale for $40 with rebate. Still haven't gotten all the kinks worked out but feel confident it is possible. Using an outside camera might work better but would be much more difficult to install. These cameras can be moved around as needed & go with you if you move.