Update: 10/15/11 - Still running 24/7 pointing out our front window near the door. It has been great seeing who comes by when you aren't home. I have it set to motion detect and it sends photos wirelessly to a server that is locked up. No problems at all running well over 3 years now.Update: I previously rated this 3 stars because I thought it was expensive. But after checking out other cams in the same price range I realized this is the best thing out there. Mine has been running for almost a year 24/7 and no problems!The features and support are the best.----------------------------------------------I have a network with several computers and a couple of servers. Setting up the camera is a bit more complex than connecting straight to a dsl or cable modem. There is the modem, the router/firewall, wireless router and then computers, servers and the camera. Configuration for the camera is actually done at the router even though communication is through the wireless. I have had it for a month now, it works great and I can view it through the Internet.I have my camera pointing out a window to the front of our house. The image isn't bad close in. You can definitely tell what is in view. But things get fuzzy with distance. At 30 feet or more you will have a tough time telling who it is. But up to a couple hundred feet you can still tell if it is human. Beyond that it is pretty much useless except for a house or car - you won't be able to make identification for anything smaller.I was hoping to be able to see what weather was coming but the sky is always white. Overall the image tends to be a bit bright even with adjustments. On a day of slight drizzle you couldn't tell at all. When it snowed you could tell something was happening. You can see the snow on the ground in front of the house.At night our porch is well lit and that is all you can see, about 30 feet of it. So if someone was messing around beyond that there won't be much evidence. It does pick up headlights as cars drive by - I didn't realize just how busy our street was!The camera can store video or images, images can be transfered (ftp) to a computer. There are five trigger options. However, you can only get ten seconds of video which is not much. So I have all five set to take images (about 3 per second) at different times of the day and ftp them to a computer.Motion detection works very well, maybe too well - I get 10 to 20 thousand images a day. I need to play around with the sensitivity. Sensor detection however did not work well for me at all. Maybe because it is near the window and it gets confused.I recently left town for a week with my netbook. I found a wireless connection and could check my house via the camera - it was awesome! The sound quality is also incredible. I called the house and could hear the phone, located in a different room, as if it were right next to the camera (otherwise there wasn't much going on - thank God!).Panasonic has great support. The fact that they even have someone you can call free is a miracle these days. And the support person and I could understand each other!This is a great little camera. it works as advertised and they have great support. However, I think they are a bit over priced. I got a great deal through a Gold Box offer. I want to get a couple more but I can't justify paying almost $300 for one. But then again all cameras of this type seem over priced to me. I believe price is part of the factor so for that I give it 3 stars.