I bought a refurbished Simplisafe 2 alarm system at March 14, 2014  from their website since their supporting crew claimed it still offers the very same product warranty but at reduced prices.  I returned the entire system at April 14, 2014 through their prepaid label and collected 100% full refunds by April 24, 2014 without the 1st month monitoring service charges.  Here are the pros and cons of Simplisafe 2 alarm system based on my 3+ weeks usages.Pros1. All sensors are very easy to install which is no difference than other brands but their hardware setup utility, Microsoft window based , is very easy and friendly to use which is a big plus.  You can use the USB keyfob to program your system on the computer, then sync with base station which makes reconfigurations of your alarm system extremely easy.2. Door/window sensor is responsive and no false alarm ever occurred during the 3+ weeks usages3. Supporting crews are knowledgeable and responsive4. 60 days tryout is a plus and you will get 100% full refunds if you do not like your purchaseCons1. Very limited range allowed between base station and wireless keypad, say less than 15 feet and supporting crew confirmed this info.  If you have the sound enabled for your base station, then the base station becomes a easy target for intruders to locate once they knew smacking the keypad did not crash the alarm system.2. Very slow and environmental subjective motion sensor.  It will take 2 minutes to warm up and any warm bodies better be away during the warm up period in order not to affect the "decision" making of the motion sensor and I learned this through the supporting crew.  The problem is wireless window sensor is not suitable for bathroom window due to humidity issue and you will use the motion sensor instead.  It becomes a issue with this very environmental subjective motion sensor which heavily depends on where you place it since lights through the window might trigger it.3. SMS text alert provided by their monitoring service is highly questionable.  I experienced "no message, delayed by half day message, no message, delayed by 8 minutes, no message" during the 2+ weeks monitoring service period on my Samsung Note 3.  However, the message will be received at your smartphone within 40 seconds if it works properly.  Their crews only acknowledged the initial no message issue since due to their system but blamed the rest were caused by my ATT carrier.  However, my wife shared the very same ATT carrier with me and she only experienced "no message, delayed by half day message, delayed by 8 minutes" on her Apple 5S.  I highly doubts it is the ATT carrier.4. Smartphone APP is very bare bone which only allows user to arm/disarm and view event logs.  No real time sensor status at all.5. There will be no 3rd party monitor services available for Simplisafe proprietary alarm system.  So, you either go with their non-reliable monitoring service or no monitoring service at all.Note: item 3 and 5 are the main reasons for me to return the entire system since I would not mind paying the monthly service charges but the services need to be 100% reliable.6. Hardware costs are in par with other name brands but the system does not allow any future expansions of either video or home automations.ConclusionsIf you are in the market for very straight forward alarm system to install by yourself without worrying about the monitoring services, then Simplisafe might suit your needs.  But, if you are in the taste of future expansions of video, home automation, then the simplicity of Simplisafe product is at its cost.Will I recommend Simplisafe to anyone?  The answer is YES if user falls into these categories as such:1. Constantly on the move since the entire system allows you to carry around like other wireless alarm system2. No needs for professional monitoring services at all since why pays for non-reliable monitoring services3. Would not mind paying relatively same prices as other name brands alarm product but get no future expansion capability