I had always had some sort of web cam system in the far recesses of my mind as something I'd like to have in the house, but was not actively shopping for one when I came across the lightening deal. I read all the reviews, so I knew exactly what to expect as far as the service plan requirements for most features, etc. With these things not being a surprise and having my expectation level appropriately set, I am really impressed so far with this little system.I received it the other day, and I didn't think I'd set it up until the weekend and thought I'd just open the box and have a look. Well, it was so ridiculously simple and quick to set up, I just went ahead and did it within the span of maybe 15 minutes. The trickiest part was placing/aiming the camera where I wanted since my computer is in another room and I kept going back and forth to see how I was doing. After some reading, I realized that having the camera running constantly would drain the batteries pretty fast (you don't want to just leave it "playing" and on a window on your computer or whatever; it's not like it's plugged into the wall, the batteries will drain doing that). Their website cites "normal" use as about 5 minutes per day, so take the hint.Yesterday was the first "test" day as I wanted to get alerts when my dog passed through the room. At first I set the video clips for 10 seconds, but I was getting bombarded with email alerts every minute (I hadn't realized my old dog was scampering around the house so much all day!). I changed it to 40 second clips, but I still got bombed with alerts. I'm going to have to experiment with the sensitivity settings or something so that I can leave the motion detector/alerts on for security purposes w/o having my little Jack Russell indirectly emailing me all day long.The video quality is better than I expected from reading other reviews. Yes, it is certainly not HD, but it's clear enough for the purpose. The iPhone app is actually pretty cool in my opinion and I think they've probably sold me on signing up for the service plan. When I bought this system, I expected to be happy with the free basic service. I don't think what they are charging is exorbitant, and you can't really expect them to give away storage space, etc. for free. I guess I feel better about it than some because of the great lightening deal I got, and that I didn't used to get these services for free before they started charging. I can imagine I would be irritated by that.I plan to test this out just a bit longer, then will probably add at least one more camera. I will put one in my kids' upstairs play room to be able to take a quick peak at them when I think they may be up to no good. Also considering one for aiming at the front door, either from inside or from a sheltered area outside.I would say this has surprisingly met my high expectations. I was prepared for a letdown, but it hadn't come yet.