Pros:* Excellent camera,* excellent price,* lots of features,* 1 year warranty,* some Amazon buyers complained of knock-off cameras from Amazon sellers - luckily I got a real one from seller "DBROTH".Cons:* printed manual in box is poorly written by someone who clearly does not speak English very well (good thing there's a detailed user manual on the included CD that is written a lot better),* no SSL SMTP support (can't use your gmail account, only non SSL email accounts for emailed pictures) although you could use STunnel if you wanted to use your gmail bad enough (but you'd need to be an expert to set up STunnel with gmail),* does not capture video when motion sensor is tripped. Ideally it should record a 30sec video clip and upload that instead of snapping away 6 pictures within 6 seconds, at approximately 60 second intervals. I would have preferred a little more freedom on options with that feature.[EDIT: 01/04/2011]  Now that I've had more time to experiment, actually, it does do a 60 second video clip BUT ONLY if you have an Internet Explorer browser open and logged in to the camera.  Then, on that computer where the browser is open, there will be a 60 second video clip saved when the motion trips the camera.  Great thing for me is that if someone breaks in my home and steals the camera and my computers, I still have the photo snapshots of them when they tripped the alarm, since those are sent out immediately upon the trip.  The plan is to keep a browser window connected to the camera from work, so if my computer at home is stolen, I'll have the video clip as well.  This camera would be even more awesome if it would FTP those video clips out just like it emails out the snap shots.Tips:Use the detailed user manual on the CD - not the printed manual in the box.  The printed manual is terrible and flawed.  If you are doing the emailed-motion-alarm-trip option, make sure you click the submit button before you click the test button, and do this each time you make a change to any of the mail settings on that page.  You may have to turn on SSID broadcasting if you have it turned off in your router settings, just so the camera can identify your network during initial setup (that's not the camera's fault).  There are 2 mac addresses for this camera; 1 for hard wired, and 1 for WIFI, so don't get them mixed up. If you are not familiar with port forwarding, or DYNDNS, get a tech savvy person to help you on this one.  Don't expect things from this camera that are not advertised (i.e. plug and play, outdoor use, 360 degree pan, zoom, High Definition in low light conditions, infinity distance coverage in complete darkness, DOLBY audio from the mic/speaker, expecting to not be stopped by a company firewall which has absolutely nothing to do with this camera, expecting it to work flawlessly in every web browser known to man).  I wanted to mention that much because a lot of the negative commentary was undeserved.