I have to say, when I was considering a wireless home security system I purchased this one first.  Its hard not to with all of the advertisements on the internet, and endorsements from the whose who list of famous people.  I called and talked with the folks at simplisafe before my purchase and purchased the system on the guarantee of 60 days full money back return.  My experiences were less than satisfactory however, and quite disappointing.My problems began just 12 hours after installing the system.  I had purchased the interactive level of monitoring because it was important to me to be able to turn the system on and off from my cell phone if I had forgotten to do so before leaving home.  Twelve hours after installing, just the next morning, I started playing with the app and interactive services and the first time I used the app, I was told I had no connections to the server.  I kept playing with it, trying to get connectivity and in short, I was able to use these services only several times in a month trial.  Most times I could just not depend on it working period.  Now, do not get me wrong, it appeared that monitoring was working.....most times, however, in that month trial I did lose my link to dispatcher several times, so even that was troubling.I finally used the "placement feature" provided with the system to make sure the base station was sitting in the best spot and to my surprise, no where in my house was a "best spot".  The signal was intermittent at best and kept dropping out altogether.  Eventually I found a spot that seemed the strongest signal placement but in 36 hours my entire system was DEAD.  No link to dispatcher, no interactive services no nothing.  I called Simplesafe again and was told to take the base station outside.  Once there, I was told my system came online immediately, so inside my home was not getting a signal and outside was. A more troubling look into the company was the tech I spoke to.  He actually told me he did not know what else to do other other than somehow mounting the base station on the roof and affixing an umbrella over it. They ONLY USE T-Moble so I had no choice but to return the system for a refund, which they did with no pressure to keep it. They do stand by their money back guarantee.Buyer beware, Simplisafe ONLY uses T-Mobile so if you are not sure about the signal strength of that carrier where you are, you may have problems.  Also, the more searches I did on the internet I began to realize all reviews form dozens of websites all said the same thing and looked exactly alike, using the same words, pictures etc.  In other words, you really never learn anything new no matter which review site you go to, they are all just placements by the company and NOT actual reviews from individuals who have actually used the system....and they number into the dozens all looking the same, spewing off the information from the company's own website.