I started out with one camera that I bought at Lowe's for about $120.  I liked it and bought one on Amazon for $90, then bought two more, so I now have four, which all fit together nicely integrated on my computer screen.The good points about these cameras:  For the price especially, they give good quality color video, excellent night infrared video in little to no light conditions.  The audio is OK.  It can be two-way audio if you hook up any kind of cheap speaker to a camera.  However, it is not duplex...you can either talk or listen but not both at the same time.  Once initialized (but see below), the wifi function works very well and you only have the one power wire going to an outlet.  Once set up, I have four videos on my computer screen at once, and only have to double click on any one to bring it up full screen.  You can set the cameras to record continuously, at certain user-defined hours, or motion-activated.  I do the latter.  To do this automatic recording, you need to have a micro-SD card in the camera.  You can then access the video remotely on a computer.  (See below).  You can also start/stop recording remotely on a computer at any time and this is read by the supplied L-Play software.  Most of what you will be doing on the computer and what was described above is managed through the supplied L-View software.  Not sure why they couldn't be integrated.The negatives:  First of all, it can be a hassle to set up.  I set up four cameras at three different points in time and it still didn't go entirely smoothly the fourth time.  You just sort of keep trying to go through their confusing instructions and finally when you accidently do the right thing, it works.  However, once I had each camera set up, they have continued to work just fine.The software leaves a little to be desired.  If you just want to have a visual of what the camera is seeing, there's no problem.  Also, if you want, the camera will e-mail you each time it's tripped by the motion detector if you want it to.  Then you can access remotely say, on your smart phone, and see who's stealing your stuff.  This seems to works OK.  However, if you want to access the stored video on your card, it's a little cumbersome.  It's easy enough to access the data on the card.  However, it is stored in folders according to date and you get a list of all the recorded video arranged chronologically by time.  When you double-click on a file the video does, indeed, pop up and plays.  However there are no controls to fast-forward, rewind, etc. Then, when the video ends, you get a blank screen and have to repeat the whole sequence of opening the recorded video, opening the correct folder and then hope you remember the ID of the last video so you can play the next one if that's what you want to do.  We're trying to catch our dogs peeing in the kitchen.  If you catch them while they're doing it, fine.  But if you discover a puddle and want to go back and identify the culprit, it's a very tedious process and it needn't be.  You can also record on demand to your computer (not the SD card) and view it on L-Play.  I have found this to be very hit and miss, kind of useless, and when I have managed to actually bring up a file, there are some controls for fast forward but basically useless.  I'm thinking that I might have had a little more luck visualizing SD card contents by removing the card from the camera and placing it in the computer but that gets old.Soooo.....I would have given this five stars but the software holds it back.  Still, it is a great camera, especially for the money.  If you want to keep any eye on your house from anywhere in the world, be warned of an intrusion anywhere in the world, it does that.  If there's a past event such as a breakin or someone doing something they shouldn't, you will be able to dig it out of the SD card but it's cumbersome.  One very good thing is if you're low on cash, you can still obtain most of this protection with just one camera, as I did until a short time ago.