I already had three Lorex LNC104 LIVE Ping Wireless Monitoring Camera running in my house and I wanted to add a forth to cover a dining and kitchen area.  The Ping series supports up to 4 cameras.  I was happy to discover that the new high definition LNC-204 would work with my existing setup.  What the LNC-204 has that the 104 series does not:* High definition 720p resolution* Built-in speaker* Temperature sensor (infrared)What this means is that the 204 will message me (text or email) if the temperature gets out of range (I set the top end at 100F), sound an alarm if triggered (for any reason) and broadcast my voice from my smart phone without attaching an external speaker (which was required on the 104 series).  Combined with higher resolution, it was the perfect fit to round out my set of four cameras.The image quality of the 204 is a vast improvement.  But although the image is very good, it is not the 720p you would expect from say a down scaled DVD.  However, I found that enlarged snapshots and video from my phone, PC and the units SD card were more than adequate for home surveillance.What I really like about the Lorex LNC system is that it makes monitoring my house from my Android based Galaxy S3 a snap.  The free app is easy to use once you play with it for a bit.  Most all camera functions are addressable via the app and setting motion or IR alarms when I walk out of the house takes less than a minute (of note, each camera is set separately - a must if you have pets and need a "pet zone" ).  I live in a large metro area and police will not respond to ringing home alarms.  They require a direct call with positive confirmation of intrusion before they will respond.  The Lorex system will send you notification via text message or email that includes an image.  Then the police are just one phone call away.Also, live viewing of any camera is fast via the app (or via network computer).  Once the app is opened, one touch gets you sound and video for any of your cameras - and with the new camera I can even talk back and the camera will project my voice.  The 204 even tells me the temperature in my house on the image display.  One last note, the night vision is excellent on all of the cameras.  In nearly no light I can see across a 30 foot room (the image is black and white for low light conditions).The setup for the 204 is just like the 104 series.  That is to say, the first camera will take you awhile to set up and learn the settings - but once set up it works very well.  The only real difference in set up between the 104 and the 204 relates to the temperature feature.  My two setup tips:* If you want an SMS text message sent to you for an alarm, you have to set it up as an email alarm.  Just use your carrier's information and your phone number for the email recipient.  For example I use:  5551234567@mms.att.net for the email address where 5551234567 is my cell phone number.  Works perfectly.* The initial login information for setting up the camera on your PC is `admin" with no password.I use this system nearly every day.  When I am away from home, it gives me great piece of mind to be able to quickly view my house, check on the dog and set alarms.