I am so glad I ignored all the negative reviews slating the camera for being too hard to get working. People really shouldn't be buying wireless devices such as this if they have no idea how to administrate their home networks. While the instructions included aren't great, they aren't nearly as horrible as people make them out to be. I just received my Wansview camera, and I was able to follow each and every step in the included manual and everything worked just perfectly. Granted, I am savvy with administrating my local network, port forwarding, etc, but even without all that work, I was able to get the camera working while wired to my router in no time. Heck, my Brother Wireless printer was a lot harder to get working on my local network...and Brother is a big name, reputable brand!Sometimes I really am amazed at how entitled people can be. This is a $50 product! Good Logitech webcams alone cost more. This does not cost $200+. If it did, you could whine and bitch about the instructions being a little difficult to understand or installation being too complicated. Let's look at what you get for $50:For $50 you get:- A wireless camera- IR (night) imaging capabilities- Pan and tilt (that can be controlled remotely)- Audio capture (remotely)- Ability to have two way communication remotely (need to attach a speaker to the camera)- Access via Web browsers, Android and IOS- Complex functions like Motion detection and corresponding Alarm functions and automated emailing of pictures, or uploading to an FTP server of choice- Free Dynamic DNS forwarding provided by Wansview. This is really useful and makes things a lot easier than having to manually muck around with using a separate dynamic DNS provider.Now, to contrast this, "Blue Iris", which is a premium software for administrating Wireless/Network surveillance cameras costs $50 alone. That's just for the software, no cameras included. And Blue Iris doesn't even include any IOS or Android application!I received this product yesterday and it was a breeze to get running. I haven't messed around with advanced features like Motion Detection + Automatic emails yet, but port forwarding and accessing the camera via the internet from my laptop and phone wasn't too difficult. I really like the free Dynamic DNS provided as it makes life easier and additionally, is not blocked by my workplace firewall (most dynamic DNS providers are blocked).A word of advice - Don't bother with the Android/IOS apps. They are very bare bones and not necessary. Once you have the camera set up for remote access, you can use a number of free or $3 apps to access your camera with far better interfaces. I'd highly recommend IP Cam Viewer Pro on both Android and IOS.Get this product if you're interested in the feature set advertised in the product description. It does everything it says it does and is probably the most feature packed product I've ever purchased for 50 bucks. I still can't get over how cheap it is considering all that you can do with it.