This camera is quite expensive compared to the competition. It has some advantages, mostly in the very clear documentation. It also is very easy to set up.This wireless camera might make a very good baby monitor, and as it has Android and iOS free apps it can be very handy.I have a Foscam  FI8910W which was only $70 on Amazon. It is the only other wireless camera I've ever used so it is my reference.I was excited to see the Lorex LNC201 was a higher resolution system than the Foscam. The one things I wished I had on the Foscam was better resolution. However the Lorex night use simply isn't as good as the Foscam, even though the Foscam is much lower resolution. I think it has to do with the Lorex only having a single infrared light while the Foscam has a whole ring of lights. Also the video feed from the Lorex is irregular and jumpy while the Foscam is solid. The Lorex has many settings. Perhaps with time I could find settings (resolution, frames per second, etc.) that would produce a better image.I don't have a daytime or indoor use for a wireless camera. That may be where the Lorex shines.My problem is animals that come into our yard in the dark of night. We have gophers, skunks, raccoon, deer and fox. The raccoon do the most damage and we've been trying to find ways to prevent them from being in our yard.The Foscam printed instructions are a joke, while the Lorex instructions are quite good. Several of the Foscam software features simply don't work (like setting the camera date and time), while all of the Lorex software features work well.The Foscam, for a much lower price, is built with better materials, and has remote pan and tilt features. It also has a wider angle capture area than the Lorex.The Lorex is all cheap plastic with a metal base, expensive, and has good quality daylight images.The Foscam automatically switches from infrared black and white to daylight color. The Lorex requires you to do a manual switch from black and white to color. Both the Foscam and Lorex have two way audio. Both can be monitored on a PC or handheld devices with a browser or app.For my use the motion detection is of no use on either the Foscam or Lorex because I'm using them outside (neither model is suggested for outside use) where the trees and bushes tend to trigger the motion detection, and both fail to register alarms when a raccoon in in the image but more than 10' away from the camera.I recorded video on my PC with both the Foscam and Lorex. The Foscam created 60 minute videos while the Lorex produced 5 minute videos which made it very hard to review a whole night of video files. There may be a way to change the file length of the Lorex but I couldn't find it (I'm technically savvy).For my money the Foscam is a much better value for nighttime use. The Lorex might be better for inside use due to the higher resolution if you need that capability. Other than resolution, setup, and documentation I can't think of a single feature that isn't available on one camera vs the other. Oh yes the Lorex has a temperature reading but I found that to be an odd feature although it seems to be useful to others.As the Lorex is intended for inside use, or perhaps use through a window to outside (didn't work for me) it may indeed be a fine wireless camera for you, albeit a bit on the expensive side.