I had purchased this item b/c of all of the positive reviews here, plus I wanted to take this on an international trip with me and it could accommodate 220v voltage. I was very disappointed. There were many negatives:- I couldn't hear almost anything. I was using it to monitor my elderly mother in her room. Even when I turned the voice activation feature off and volume all the way up, I couldn't hear her moan from her bed. I tried to give the monitor the benefit of the doubt b/c the reviews had been so good, but then when she had two visitors to her room, less than 10 feet away from the video monitor, and they were having a full-fledged conversation, I could barely hear a few murmurs if I pressed my ear right up to the monitor's speakers but I couldn't make out a single word! My only other experience with a monitor was Summer Infant 02090 (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0007OD8SU/ref=wms_ohs_product), which has AMAZING sound capture (I could hear my baby *breathing* on this monitor, even from a few feet away). This monitor really didn't help for being alerted by sound.- The video quality was not great. Then again, I was comparing to my only experience with the aforementioned monitor, which has amazing picture clarity, even at nighttime. In addition, the video doesn't turn off, nor can you turn it off, to save battery power. Keeping video on all the time drains power very quickly. This is perhaps why the battery life is only about 3 hours instead of my other monitor's 10 hours.- Short range. I should have read the specifications more closely, but when she was on one end of the medium-sized house (not a mansion) and I was on the other side, the signal was lost and I couldn't not hear or see anything.- Loud beeps when the signal was lost. Um, this is really disruptive when you're sleeping and these loud beeps wake you up at night.- When I unplugged the camera and plugged it back in, the camera defaulted to being off. Which means, as one other reviewer mentioned, if there is a power outage and then the power comes back on, you'd have to go back into your baby's room to manually turn the camera back on. I don't know about your baby, but since mine was a light sleeper, my going into her room meant that I would wake her up. I don't know why the camera has to have an on/off button. My other monitor doesn't. In addition, and this is probably a defect in mine, when I unplugged the camera, plugged it back in, and pressed the on button, it wouldn't turn on. After about 10 minutes, then the on button would work and I could turn it on. This is not acceptable to me.- With my other monitor, I could just prop out the clip and make it stand up on a table or countertop. One step. With this monitor, I have to slide out the clip, then pull it out to be able to stand it up on a table. Plus, the clip wobbles, so it doesn't feel firm and sturdy. I am constantly propping it up or closing the clip, so one step versus two steps is a big deal. Plus this monitor's stand does not feel sturdy.- As other people have mentioned, the plastic feels flimsy and is very lightweight. Some people may like lightweight, but it makes moving the camera a little too easy.I returned this monitor for the aforementioned reasons. I decided to just get another one of the monitor I currently have, even though it's not a current model (I'll get it used from another site). I have a little experience with one other Summer Infant monitor, but that one also had excellent visual and sound clarity.