So I read a number of reviews, I was going to get this or the Foscam cam and decided to give this one a try since it was half the price.Setting the camera up was easy. Plug it into my network and power and run the search app on the CD they sent. It found the camera. I hit the "SUBMIT" button to lock in the settings, it rebooted and then I was able to click on BROWSE and it opened up the web interface. At that point I turned on the Wireless and set that up, did another reboot and unplugged my network cable, within a minute it was up and running.I did have some issues with the email alert settings but after a few minutes I got it. Basically you enter all your settings and there is a "TEST" button. Don't push test UNTIL you hit "SUBMIT"! It turns out your not testing what you entered, you are testing what you submitted. So since you may not have submitted anything yet it fails, fast. Press submit after entering the settings and then test and it works.What I did is I set this up to email me to a new google email address I setup for this camera, I also put in it to email my private picasa web album email address so not only do I get emails, but it also puts those pictures in my new accounts camera album in picasa.The picture quality, sure its not HD but within a few seconds of stepping in front of the camera I get an email with 5 pictures and the pictures are uploaded to picasa.works well for the price. I was very surprised at how quiet the camera is when controlling it. I had one of these before (different brand) and you could hear the motor kick on, this thing you can pan and tilt silently. Very impressed.I've only had this for less then an hour so how long it lasts I don't know. but in less then an hour I got it full configured and tested, I do have IT experience so this isn't 100% for beginners. I will confirm the directions that it comes with, are terrible. I basically just figured it out on my own but it was easy enough.Also I did get this to stream outside my home so I can view it on my phone and tablet, or my computer at work. It was easier then I thought it would be. I signed up with DynDNS which cost 20.00 a year however you can find a coupon code for a 15% discount if you google it. Once I got that hooked up I downloaded IP Cam viewer for my phone, the lite version since its free and tried it out. I was happy with it but then on my nexus 7 I downloaded tinyCam Monitor (free version) and loved that! There is a cool control on it where you can actually press the screen and tilt your tablet the direction you want to pan/tilt the camera and it does realtime. Much nicer then pressing arrows over and over. Anyways, very happy with this camera so far!