Arrived packaged very well.  I was trying to get a monitoring system in-place before I left for vacation so my son could monitor my home, so I unpacked the system and had it setup and running in a couple hours. That being said I had downloaded the manual from the website and had already read it cover-to-cover before my system arrived.I temporarily mounted the cameras on some spare pieces of 2"X12" boards, plugged everything into the DVR and turned it on. It took me another hour or so to re-read the portions of the manual and setup everything; time, date, network, camera recording options, etc. using the supplied remote control.I am not a networking professional by any means but I do alright. I could see this portion being the most difficult part for some people, especially if it's your intent to monitor your system from your iPhone. The directions are decent in this area but with so many different kinds of routers on the market, each with interface differences it was a little stressful. Once I discovered that the DVR and my router both support universal plug-and-play (uPnP), I was good to go. I don't know if all these systems support plug-and-play but that is a major plus for this system in my opinion.I downloaded the free app for my iPhone and I can now monitor my cameras/home from anywhere.Night vision is pretty decent.  My farthest distance is about 40 feet.  I can make out everything in the room fairly clearly and I could definitely tell if something was out of place or someone was in there.  The motion detection portion of the system works very well but since mine are all inside and I don't have any pets or things that move, I haven't seen any false alarms yet.The cameras automatically switch between IR and color, depending on amount of light in the room.  When in full color, they are extremely clear and it looks like I'm watching TV.  They make a loud "click" when they switch back and forth so don't be alarmed.Once I returned from vacation, I disconnected everything and ran all the cabling through the ceiling/attic space and permanently mounted the camers to the wall.  That went as well as it could have with crawling around in the attic. I ordered some 1" white cabling grommets from Amazon to feed the wires through my ceiling and the installation looks very professionally done.  My wife just said WOW!The only drawback to these cameras - they have to be wall mounted. The mounts are not oriented to be able to ceiling mount them unless I misread the directions.  Be careful mounting these too close to the ceiling.  I only say that because I had an eirie glow the first night on two of the cameras when they were in IR mode. I figured out that is was reflection coming from my white ceiling, I angled the cameras down just a little more and they are now great.I drilled an access hole in the top of one of my cabinets for the cabling and placed the DVR inside with a small 350 VA battery backup/UPS to protect the system and cameras from power issues, at only $42 I believe that to be a good investment. I can lock that cabinet so the DVR is less accessable.I didn't have to call Customer support for anything yet so I can't speak to that.  This is also the only DVR/camera system I have ever purchased/installed so I don't have anything to compare it to but it was fairly easy to install and works like a champ.  I would highly recommend this system based on my experience.Hope that was helpful!