First things first - this is wholly a consumer product. It is not meant for long ranges (probably less than 30 feet away for good detail) or for the best quality. But I was pleasantly surprised how well it does in low light at night with just a porch light. Even with my detached garage at night being 30 feet away, I get good enough quality to be satisfied. For the price I have no complaints.Two of my cameras are installed inside my house pointing at my front and back glass doors (less than 10 feet away). I get perfect quality and can see who was at my door. The next 6 cameras are mounted under the eaves and face my driveway, detached garage, even my air conditioner unit.I wasn't expecting much, I just wanted anything to deter crime with my cameras visable under the eaves and a DVR to record any activity. If I were to notice something amiss when I get home, I will scan the DVR to see what occurred. Happy to say (knock on wood) there hasn't been any need to scan, but I do periodically check on the system and will watch myself coming home from work (as a test) to make sure DVR is recording and cameras are pointed correctly.I do not like to buy electronics and having to read a huge manual and investing too much time hooking up the electronics. In one afternoon I had the entire system up and running with most the time spent drilling the holes and feeding the wires. Plug and play and it works right away.My 8 Cameras cover the entire exterior of my house and both doors without difficulty. I'm planning on buying a second system for my detached garage to cover my entire property. There will be redundancy in certain camera angles, but oversaturation will be a good thing.I shopped for security systems for many years. I've seen the prices drop and systems going from VHS to DVRs with remote access. I waited and kept shopping till this system met my criteria and came at a price I could not believe. I expect more advances and features and the price dropping in years to come, but I wanted something NOW and this system was better than expected.Cons: camera color is tinted pink for distances on sunny days. It will still show me in good detail who was there, just not the best natural color unless subject is within 15 feet. First Alert seems to have other camera options available, perhaps there are better quality cameras with audio available. Other than that, still pleased I have a system that works well within my budget.UPDATE: I did buy a second system for a detached garage. With no wallboard or ceiling, all 8 cameras were installed in moments. Most cameras are installed inside looking out of windows or showing the interior of my garage. With both systems in operation, there aren't any areas on nearly an acre not covered by both systems. From inside the garage I get a great view to the back of my yard, nearly 60 feet.