Set up was a snap as the cameras came pre-associated with the base unit.  The image from the cameras is very good even at night.  I have one pointed at the back of a house and from thirty feet away the night image is bright and clear.I am a bit worried that this system will interfere with wifi networks.  If I keep the cameras much longer I will pull out a spectrum analyzer and measure the impact on the wifi frequencies.  Keep in mind that wifi is designed to deal with interference and that current wifi standards support two different frequency bands and these cameras will only impact one of those two bands.  It would be nice if Uniden was a bit more informative about this on the packaging.I've had a large number of software issues with this device:-Their web site, when it is even up, will not accept the DID of our unit.  This makes it impossible to register for the online service and thus far I've not been able to reach the phone support staff, mostly due to my schedule and that they don't have 24 hour support for their camera systems.-The touch screen device is buggy and many menus do not work when the unit is connected to the internet.  I need to disconnect, open the menu, then reconnect the network.-The device will not download software errors, claiming an unspecified error.  This occurs regardless whether I allow DHCP assignment of a network address or manually assign the network addresses.-Speaker function sounds rather scratchy and noisy, not sure if it will be usable.  This is true on both cameras, inside or outside of the house.-Website for registration wants your address, which seems dangerous as once their website is hacked, other folks may end up being able to see your camera output (so change your system password) and know where the cameras are located.  Your camera's IP address may also give away location information too.-Internet Explorer browser support only.  Really?  So I guess those Chromebook and MacOS users are just out of luck.  It may be that standards based programming was beyond the skills of the software engineers, in which case what other parts of the code are sub-par?-SMTP is greate, but why not also support microsoft active exchange sync?The power switch on 4 inch display unit we have is a bit sticky.  Not sure how long it will last.Not sure how well the internet viewing works as our system DID is not accept by the portal website.  The manual says the cameras can be viewed on your local network without an internet connection, so I'm hoping they'll also be visible to the internet via appropriate configuration of DynDNS and firewall rules.Update:The portal site had me download a firmware upgrade and using the SD card sideload it into the display device.  This worked fine, but the DID the portal claimed it would give our device was not seen, the DID remained the same.  Funny thing is that the instructions for the upgrade assume the DID will change and gives no steps for when it doesn't...So first problem is the upgrade and the instructions are a fail.  Second problem, why doesn't this device upgrade itself over the internet like say a Roku does?Update 2:Finally got the portal to work.  Think I had to use a number different than the DID, but now I can see the cameras on the internet so I up'ed the review by one star.One camera failed after a couple of weeks and sending it back was no trouble at all.  After a few more weeks I received a factory refurbished replacement.  Not new, but at least it works.Discovered that the memory card fills up and there is no automated method of deleting older videos.  I had hoped the oldest would be over written by the newest.  Software still feels a bit beta and non-intuitive, including the app.  If the company releases a decent software upgrades I'll revisit this review.Cameras work great at night.  Not sure if I'll buy any more of them or try a different system.