I am really impressed with this camera.  I had tried another that was in the $90 range and had to return it due to poor reception. I have been very hesitant to try another. Set up really is super simple. I accidentally found myself on their old activation site and it asks for an activation code which is no longer required.  I just signed off and back on, got to the correct place and the camera communicates its unique number automatically.  You just need to enter a name for your camera and your wi-fi password and that is it.  Unplug from your computer and plug into a regular outlet with the supplied USB adapter.  The 10ft cord was plenty for my application. I have mine looking through double pane windows in the front of my house and get a very good picture.  I get motion alerts from activity in the street.  I want these alerts, I am at the end of the street so have very little traffic.  I am really impressed with the sound quality in the room where the camera is installed.  The sound on the monitoring end is good but does have a little bit of a back ground noise with it.  I talked to my dog when I was close to home and it made him go crazy looking for me.  There is a tiny delay in what you see and what is live but only a split second.  I have read other reviews to turn off the infared to see out windows at night but am not sure how to do that with this camera (seems to be a newer version than their original).  It will double as a baby monitor when my grandson is over, it is so simple to move around and aim, it is no trouble at all.  If the camera is unplugged, you simply plug it back in and it automatically reconnects to your wi-fi. The actual camera is the round black part and easily pops in and out of the grey holder if you want to place it in something different.  It does say to allow good ventilation, the camera can get hot.  It comes with a disk to mount the grey holder on the wall, again, it pops in and out easily from the wall mount holder so it does not have to be a permanent placement.  I plan to install the wall mount to keep it out of my grandson's reach when he is over and set it back in my window when using it for surveillance.  To view the camera on computer you simply sign onto the website and you can make the picture full screen.  I have downloaded the app for my iPhone and iPad mini and you just open the app and have your picture.  The iPad shows spaces for 4 cameras and you just touch on the one you want to make full screen.  The camera comes with a two week free recording period which you can activate without a credit card.  Monitoring is very reasonable at $9.99 a month if paid monthly for saving 7 days of recorded material.  There is also an option to save 30 days of recorded material.  The nice thing is no DVR is required, Dropcam stores everything in the cloud on their encrypted servers. Each additional camera is discounted at 50% for recording services but recording is not required and live viewing is always free.  It is very easy to navigate the recordings and view motion detected events. You can even scan through the recorded material because it shows a picture of what is recorded during the time you are mousing over. I have ordered a second camera to monitor my back yard and dog door area.