We have owned two of the $200 Summer video monitors in our son's almost 4 year old life and when the sound started going on the 2nd of those monitors as it did the first, I thought surely there's a competing product out there that's priced better. So I bought this one based on the mostly positive reviews. Meh. People are clearly only impressed with this one if they haven't ever owned the other. I myself wouldn't use this Infant Optics monitor with an infant. The video quality is too inferior. You would not be able to see details such as the chest going up and down when you want to check the baby's breathing in the night, either out of general nightly paranoia that new parents have or because the baby has a cold or if a child has asthma, whatever. On the Summer monitor you can see that. The Infant Optics picture is really digitalized looking, not finely detailed. It's ok for our 4 yo because all I need to see is if he's in his bed or about to fall out of it as he can sometimes do. I keep the sound on constantly because I don't want any issues with not hearing him call for me. The camera that's placed in the baby's room - nobody has mentioned this and I can't fathom why - it is lit up all bright like a freaking UFO. It's crazy. It lights up the room enough to almost serve as a night light. There are several bright bright red lights around the eye of the camera and a blue or green light on top that bounces off the ceiling illuminating the room. (I covered up the top light and it helped; on the Summer monitor it had one bright green light and I always covered that one too.) To people with new babies, or parents of a child who really struggles to fall asleep, your child may lay there and stare at the red lights, not fall asleep. And there's no way you could do something like we did with the Summer monitor, which was place the camera inside the crib just a foot away from our swaddled newborn so we could see him so close up we could monitor his breathing all night very easily both by sight and sound. If you put this camera inside the crib your baby would not sleep a wink all night long. I'm really glad I saved our old faulty Summer monitor because I don't have a huge amount of confidence this one will last very long, based on how flimsy it feels. But that's an impression not an actual experience with its reliability. Will check in later in that regard. Still, another reviewer said they wished they'd just sprung for the Summer monitor again and that's how I feel too in comparing the two products.Update: I am returning this monitor. I'm done. I was already not happy with the quality of the sound and last night what I suspected would happen did happen -- my son woke and called for me and I didn't hear it at first because the sound was so quiet, muffled and distorted. He's saying "Mom" but all I could hear was a weird sound that reminded me of recordings of whales singing underwater. It's ridiculous. In fact I think Amazon should investigate the legitimacy of the 5-star reviews of this product because I can't imagine any parent really finds this sound quality acceptable.