The reason I selected this product was it had special features not available on other models of equipment.Having the ability to provide wireless A/V signals was a real plus for me. Adding a whole new set of A/V cables from each of 4 cameras to a tri level house would have been a real struggle for me. Addionally, I wanted to be able to use it as a video - intercom at my front door to avoid having to open it prior to knowing who was there and what they wanted. Front door forced entries are starting to show up in this area and this would assist in not being a victim.  This item was just purchased about a week ago.I started by installing one camera to see how the system worked and what kind of signal strength it could produce. My first tests almost had me sending the whole system back for a refund BUT additional tests confirmed information that is VITAL for the user to know which is a total game changer.To start, DO NOT MOUNT THE CAMERA PEDESTAL BASE ON A CEILING. That puts the image upside down and there is NO adjustment to correct this.If you are near any large metal, such as flashings or a metal garage door, this will kill your wireless signal to the monitor. It took several tests to discover this. Once I moved the camera away from those things the signal improved substantially.On the monitor, the signal strength shows up as 1-4 bars. If you cannot get reliably at least 3 bars your in trouble. The camera will provide a drifting wireless signal which will show up periodically as "No Signal" if under 3 bars. If you establish at least 3 bars your fine.The video of the cameras is very acceptable for the overall cost of this system. Daytime is full color  and reasonably clear.Night time, the camera switches over to Infra Red. Your picture is black & white but is amazingly bright in full darkness. It looks like you left a light on.For two-way audio/intercom functions, the manual explains that your camera must be within six feet of the monitor. It also mentions that this is supposed to be in use on camera 1. What I did was use a little piece of blue painters tape and mark #1 on the tape and paste it on the primary camera which came in the same box as the monitor.  When you first start the system up, it's designed to use this first camera as the "Camera 1" operation to the monitor.Mine is in that range. The camera is just outside my front door and the monitor just inside on an adjacent wall. The other cameras do receive audio which is recorded with any video to the SD card for each of the other three cameras which may be in a record mode either manually or in automatic mode.  The manual has a couple of instructions which are incorrect. Not a problem but being aware of these before you setup your system will help you.There are two power bricks inside the basic system box. One for the camera and one for the monitor. READ THE BACK OF EACH COMPONENT CAREFULLY. The monitor wants a 5 volt power brick. The camera wants a 9 volt power brick. The manual says 9. for the monitor and that's wrong.The manual says you can mount the pedastel mount on a ceiling but as stated here that makes the picture upside down.  The joystick on the monitor seems quite delicate. I suggest being extremely gentle when using it so you don't abuse this little switch.  The manual says that when you want to view your recorded files put on the SD card, you need to have one camera showing you live on screen. When you are viewing a live camera shot, you simply push straight down on the joystick to bring up your recorded files. THAT IS CORRECT, HOWEVER if your camera signal strength is less then 3 bars your going to have a very difficult time viewing your files too. So once again, having three bars of signal strength is necessary.  Last item: If you are experiencing low signal no matter what you try there is NO BOOSTER accessory for the cameras. That is unfortunate because now that I got mine operating properly I can tell you I am quite pleased with the results.It would be a real plus for the SVAT company to offer a more powerful antenna or power booster for those who really needed one.  The Bottom Line: This is a simple solution to most basic surveillance needs if that is acceptable. It's priced quite fairly for what it produces. If you need a really sophiscated system, then keep shopping.For me this covers all four sides of my house with a minimal of wiring needs. Yes, you must supply electricity to each camera and they tell you clearly that these are weather resistant, not weather proof so if they must be out of a protected location like under a roof eve you will have to put them into some box to assist them from avoiding direct inclement weather. If you keep in mind that wireless devices need extra consideration so as to help them in gaining unobstructed signals and then keep them within a range of the monitor of less then 100 feet, you should have a properly working system.