TRENDnet Wireless N Day/Night Internet Camera (TV-IP551WI)TRENDnet Wireless N Internet Camera (TV-IP551W)We at WERMS provide remote monitoring services for Internet cameras.  All manufacturers provide a startup wizard and background services (Dynamic DNS) to allow remote access to live views.  The fact is, the ability to capture activity triggered by motion when not viewing live is the most valuable capability of this and more expensive cameras.The motion detection features differ by manufacture.  TRENDnet cameras can be set to capture and transfer images whenever motion is detected until motion stops.  The Panasonic models with motion-detection can be set to capture and transfer images after motion is detected for a user defined interval even if motion is not ongoing.  Both work with WERMS, TRENDnet cameras tend to produce more, yet shorter events.  TRENDnet cameras have very good sensitivity adjustments and a focus ring.To get started with any Internet camera, you must connect the camera to your network with a cable.  The TRENDnet cameras use DHCP out of the box to obtain an internal IP address from the router,  Panasonic uses a fixed IP address XXX.XXX.XXX.253.  It may be easier for you to identify the IP address in your router's DHCP table, than to use the TRENDnet wizard.  With this key IP address, you can view live locally immediately and access the administration pages so you can make progress exploiting the camera's features.  The default administrator username/password combination is "admin" and "admin".Next, it helps to familiarize yourself with the TRENDnet Administration/Configuration menu.  TRENDnet uses Active-X (Windows), Java, and Apps for live view and some configuration tasks as apposed to the generic, device agnostic techniques.  Some older Apple computers, iPads, and iPhones do not support Java and require an App for live view, but this should not deter you from this camera.  Many cameras have these constraints.  The TRENDnet camera's home page will display a current snapshot.You can now define a secure admin username, define wireless settings, and set the camera date and time.  We recommend leaving the cable connected until all setup objective are completed.  We also suggest that that settings be inserted to synchronize the camera to an Internet time server.  The server "pool.net.org" should work.At this point, WERMS can quickly prepare your camera to use their remote monitoring solution and provides detailed guidance to help configure the camera and your router for live view.If you sign up for free at WERMS (werms.com), and add your TRENDnet camera for a no risk trial, you can use the simplified setup screen to setup for motion detection and FTP image transfers to WERMS.  After you start accruing a motion-triggered event history, you will feel much better about attempting the live view setup steps below.  The ability to detect motion and transfer images to powerful monitoring service like WERMS is the most important feature of these cameras!The steps to prepare for live viewing from remote locations can be confusing at first, however, all Internet cameras require these actions to grant access to the camera from the cloud, otherwise unwelcome visitors could access your network without permission.  These steps are not required for WERMS monitoring.To allow live viewing from remote locations, you should use the TRENDnet configuration to define a static (permanent) IP address and port using the "Network" page.  Make notes as you go or use the worksheet in the WERMS Setup Guide.  You must enter a gateway and DNS address.  Each camera should also be assigned a unique port.  You will need this new IP address and port (i.e. [...]to access the camera after you save the changes.  If you can access the camera with the new static IP address and port, you are ready to configure your router to allow remote access.  In you router, define a port forwarding rule that will accept external requests to the defined port to the IP address and port for the camera.  If done correctly, you should be able to access you camera with the router's external address port (see your router's status page).  Because this address can change at the discretion of your ISP, a DDNS service can be used to provide access.  TRENDnet uses dyndns.org by default.We recommend the TRENDnet line of cameras.