I purchased this monitor expecting to be disappointed, as with all baby monitors I have used in the past. After lots of research and internal debate, I pulled the plug and purchased the Lorex Live Snap. First of all the setup was a breeze. I didnt even have to read the instructions, it was so inuitive. I had three major concerns for any monitor I purchased. Security, compatability with wireless network, and quality of night vision. The security issue is taken care of with the digital signal. No interference from neighbors or problems seeing other people's babies!I set up the camera in the baby's room, took the handset to the living room and set it down next to two wireless laptops and a cell phone. The image was perfectly clear and the sound came through great. We have been using this device for 3 months now and have not yet had any issues with interference. We even took it with us on a trip and used it in two other homes with wireless networks and had no problems whatsoever.Next test was night vision. I am amazed at how well this works. The image is clear (though black and white) but detailed enough for this paranoid first time mom to assure baby is breathing at any time in the night, with blinds closed, no nightlights, complete darkness.Using the handset is pretty easy. It took us a little bit to adjust the volume and the sensitivity for Power Save mode jsut right but after one night of using it, we got the adjustments right and have had no issues. We hear the baby when he stirs and I press the camera button to check what's going on. For us, the display is MUCH too bright to leave on all night, even on the lowest backlight setting. Power Save feature is a must and we always use it. The option of only transmitting sound when baby makes sound is great (VOX). Anyone who has listened to the constant white noise feedback of other monitors will appreciate this feature. Others have mentioned it doesn't work properly for them. Maybe the camera is too far away? Ours works perfectly. If you don't like this feature, turn it off and the camera will transmit sound continuously. Finally, the ability to use up to four cameras on the same handset is fantastic.There are a few issues that I don't find to be a problem but are worth mentioning. The lighting on the camera that makes the night time picture so great, is also distracting to baby if he doesn't want to sleep. I sometimes find him sttaring at the camera watching the lights. It's a tradeoff that I am more than happy with for the ability to see him whenever I need to. Next isue, is the base is too light for the camera. As a renter, I am hesitant to put holes of any kind in our walls, never mind install a video camera, so I have the cmaer standing on a shelf above the baby's crib. the camera is too heavy for the base and unless I put a something on top of the base, such as a bottle of water, it topples over. I don't mind the water bottle solution but others might find this annoying. I never use the snapshot feature but I think the images shown in the marketing material is a little deceiving. At best it is camera-phone quality pictures. Again, we never use this feature so it isnt an issue for us. For me, and compared to the junk that is out there for baby monitors these issues maybe warrant a loss of half a star since there is no perfect monitor out there.We like this camera so much we will be purchasing more cameras for use with the headset. All of my parent-friends that have seen this have been amazed and want one. Definitely recommend.