First off it was a bit of a pain to set this thing up - it helps to have some networking knowledge for sure because if you're new to this stuff and try to go off the directions I can see how confusing it can be. I use a Mac so I had to install Windows on a Virtual Machine and force the ethernet port to the VM in order to use the included software to find out what the camera's initial IP was...I believe it was an APIPA IP.Once I got the IP I temporarily put the Windows VM on the same network as the camera then was able to update the camera's IP to something that fits into my wireless network. From that point I could finish setting it up in my Mac's browser. For me Safari, Chrome, Firefox all seem to work with this camera's web browser interface though you can get a better experience with using IE in Windows.I can't compare this to any other cameras as this is the first of its kind I've ever owned but as far as set up goes I'm sure there are other cameras out there that can provide a much better set up experience. If you can get past that, the quality of the camera is worth it I think.In terms of quality I believe I'm getting decent quality relative to what I paid for it. Sure there are higher quality cameras, none that I own, but those cost hundreds or even thousands.  In full light conditions it's very easy to make out people, pets, faces, etc... I am easily able to distinguish what's what. Just make sure you place the camera where there's no light shining directly into the lens, just like your regular old point-and-shoot cameras. In low light conditions the IR does a good job of lighting up about 10-15 feet...to the point where you can still make out faces. Anything beyond that is still visible, but basically only as shadows and depending on how sensitive you have the motion detection set the motion detection can still work in the dark. In complete darkness I was surprised by how clear the video and photos were. In dark situations make sure there's nothing reflective or bright colored within a few feet of the lens as it just reflects back and basically blacks out that portion of the view.To elaborate on the motion detection a bit...you can set the sensitivity from 1 to 10, 10 being most sensitive. I find myself using between 6-9 because 5 doesn't seem sensitive enough and 10 is too sensitive and picks up everything. I have mine set up to use a gmail account to email me photos when motion alarm is triggered. 6 photos are emailed along with a date and time stamp...I don't yet know if it's possible to change the number of photos that are sent.  You can also set it up to upload photos to an FTP server and there are other things you can do with them as well but I haven't gotten into those yet.The iPhone App I believe was like $1.99 and it works well.  Once you get the camera added you can do the following with this particular camera: View live video, take snapshots, pan, tilt, zoom (zoom like you do in the Photos app), set the image resolution (320x240 or 640x480), brightness, contrast, orientation, turn on/off motion detection and set sensitivity, turn on/off whether it sends mail upon motion detection, turn the IR LEDs on/off, adjust the speed at which the pan/tilt moves, and turn the network LED on/off. You can also enable sounds so you can hear what's coming through the mic on the camera, but that doesn't work all that well for me.  Apparently you can also enable the mic on your iPhone to talk through the camera's speaker, but that doesn't work for me either and I'm not even sure if this camera actually has that feature.To set up mail server settings, who gets an email upon motion detection, and most other settings not listed above, you need to do it through a web browser.I don't really know what else to put but feel free to ask questions and I'll help in any way I can.