I wanted to love this camera, but it fell it a bit short of my expectations.  Easy configuration and simple viewing through a web browser or by an app on my android phone sounded great.  But the final outcome is just not at a 4 or 5 star level.PROS:- Hardware seems solid; camera has required zero reboots once I got it up and running (other brands seem to require physically unplugging the power from the camera and letting it reboot every few weeks).- Very easy setup IF you only plan on using the Dlink account where you can view your camera online or using one of the Dlink apps.  However, if you have other brands of cameras, they will not be compatible with the Dlink accounts, so you may need to manually configure this camera if you want your whole system to work nicely together.- Nice capabilities for motion AND sound detection (and to send automated notifications to you; great little feature for security purposes, to see if a package gets dropped off, or if the kids are skipping school!).- Easy to snap a photo using the free Dlink "lite" app.- There are NO extra costs or ongoing monthly fees if you just use the basic Dlink services that are included (web browser from any computer anywhere, or the free Dlink "lite" app).- Since the camera is sending the video feed through the Dlink cloud, you are dependent on the speed of the cloud AND of course your data signal on your phone (if using the app).  About a year ago I first tried out a Dlink cloud camera, and the speed and connectivity was just horrible.  However, over the last year Dlink has clearly ironed out the speed issues, so their cloud setup at least works fast now.- Just to make it crystal clear ... for the common person, this camera is super easy to setup; there are clear step-by-step directions and it takes about 5 minutes; I have spent weeks trying to get all of my other cameras to work correctly.CONS:- I paid for the upgraded Dlink app ("IP Cam Viewer") for Android, and it just will not work with my camera; it just shows a question mark on the screen for the camera and says "not identified".  The free app works fine on the exact same phone.- The free app does not allow you to pan and tilt the camera view, which is a huge failure in my book.  The upgraded app supposedly can do this, but the app just does not work.  Seriously, that alone is a horrible customer exerience to pay for an upgraded app that does not work.- There is a free and fantastic app (not affiliated with Dlink) that does work perfectly with this camera and all of my other ones, and has full capabilities for panning / tilting / recording video / etc.  Due to the shortcomings of the Dlink app and since I have other cameras of other brands, I had to manually configure my router and the camera to work with the non-Dlink setup, which is a pain and eliminates the benefit of having a camera that is easy to setup if you use the pure Dlink apps and setup.- The focus of the camera is hit or miss.  Most of the time it looks great IF there are not significant lighting contrasts), but other times it looks like I am looking through a flooded Scuba mask.- The camera sells for approximately double of what an inexpensive Wansview pan and tilt camera costs, with very similar performance.  Since I wound up having to configure everything manually anyway, I did not see any extra value coming from the Dlink camera, so for my money I would rather have two cameras for the price of one.  If you can live with the other cons and only use the Dlink system of apps and configuration, I would say the ease of setup is worth the extra money for most common users who are new to using these cameras.In summary, Dlink is on the right track with creating a whole system that is very easy for most consumers to setup, and they have made great strides in just the last year with improving their cloud performance.  In another year after firmware updates, tweaking with camera focus, and after they work out some bugs with their apps, this could turn into a 5 star product line.  For absolutely brand new users who have never setup a wireless camera before, I DO recommend the product because I am not aware of anything that is easier to setup that works better.  But for experienced IP camera folks who already have other cameras &/or are comfortable with manual configuration, I would pass on this product and go with a less expensive option (or get a higher quality camera).