Purchased this Phantom package three weeks ago and have flown it numerous times everyday since. I have not had one issue with this quad copter and find it to be great fun and and excellent value.DJI, the company that makes this quad, has links to their very well produced videos on nearly every aspect of the quad. The videos are well worth the time to view while you await delivery. If this is a first time buy for you allow me to recommend your considering adding to the order, or any of these packages that already include, extras such as batteries, props and blade guards. An extra charger won't hurt either.This quad is quite remarkable in its sophistication of GPS and stability. One important note where I believe others have not heeded to the instructions is allowing the quad to set itself up upon power up. Wait for it to go through the entire startup as described by DJI and you will have trouble free flights. The quad does look at its compass and more importantly looks for satellites to be acquired for the GPS. I have noticed that if I launch from nearly the same location that startup is incredibly quick or disregard the GPS and fly "manually". Your choice.One very important note: if your are going to use a sports cam with the Phantom TURN OFF the WiFi in the cam as it may interfere with the control of the quad. This is noted by DJI though I have not had an issue when intentionally turned on as a test.That being said, using a sports cam to take videos of the flights is pretty awesome. I do not own any GoPros but use and prefer the Sony Action Cam with the tighter and brighter lensing but more importantly, image stabilization. The Phantom comes with a GoPro carrier but I was able to use a single strong rubber band to hold the Sony and have flown with it at least 20-30 times and have not had one incident other than pure pleasure of viewing the flights.Flight times for me have been 9-11 minutes with a payload of a camera attached and nearly 14 minutes without. Realize that windy conditions and your flying technique will vary the flying times. The stability of the quad in windy conditions does rely on ramping up and down the prop speeds and holds position very well and doesn't seem to draw too heavily on the battery.The quad comes fully calibrated and there has been no need to update this. After three weeks I updated the firmware and even after that the quad still was calibrated correctly. If you are the geeky type wanting to calibrate the quad or update the firmware be aware that DJI has only put out Windows compatible software. This should not stop you as Macs can run Windoze or do what I did, buy an under $300 Windows 8 laptop. If need be borrow a friend's as it truly is mere minutes to update firmware and/or calibrate the quad.Now I am looking forward to the Nov 2013 release of the Phantom Vision