Incredible camera. I have revised the setup to make it easier Here is the set up:To access from your PC when you are on your home network as a baby cam etc:1. Plug your camera into your router with the cable provided, plug it into the wall. The camera head will rotate. this is normal2. Run the IP Camera tool that is provided on the CD. It will find your camera and give an IP address. Enter this address into your browser. A login will popup. Enter Admin and you then click on live video and see your camera. You can now get into your camera and change settings or view and use as a baby cam or monitor from any home computerThats it! for a wired setup. Any changes you want to make can be made in the Device Management section after you login....Note: after you make a change, the camera will reset almost every time.NOW A WIRELESS SETUP!While connected to your camera in the Ethernet wired mode, click on the device management:1. click on wireless lan setup2. click scan and click on your wireless device that appears in the box (sometimes you have to scan multiple times)3. Most of the info will be automatically loaded. I just added my wifi sharekey code.4. Now Click the submit button, the camera will reset, you can now disconnect your cable. Wait a minute or two. If the wireless takes you will see the led in the back blinking very fast. If the led  is not blinking fast redo the setup again for the wireless. Wait a few minutes then Run IP camera tool and you should see the IP address of your camera. Enter it into your browser just like you did with the wired setup and you are all set! NOTE: if you constantly have problems connecting, reset your camera with a pin pushed into the reset button and hold for 20 seconds or so and repeat all the above starting with the wired mode. I had to do this on one camera only. Its rare but could happen.I found the camera to be fantastic, the IR mode in darkness is incredible, you have full control of the camera and the audio listening works great with IE and can work with firefox or Google Chrome after you load the free audio plugin VLC player. Good idea to click on device management and type your new password in user settings. I use firefox and while watching the live video, on the left you will see PT numbers. With these you can adjust your presets. Move the camera to point at a certain object, press the set to the left of the preset button and when ever you press  go to the right of the numbers, the camera will automatically move to that preset. Very Cool! In device management you can go to PTZ settings and set the PT speed to 1 for a faster speed.FYI, if you lose power the IP access code could change so I put my router on a UPS unit (a battery backup power supply). These are pretty cheap now a days. I also use it on my cable modem, so if I lose power I still have internet!Next how to set up port forwarding with a android app to access your camera on the phone.Go into your router. IF you do not know the access code google it. I needed to setup my daughters Verizon Router and I just googled it. Go to port forwarding in the router and enter the camera IP address and mac address and that's it. you can now put any of the iphone or android camera apps enter your camera Ip address and you can see your camera from anywhere. I use IP CAM PRO on my android smart phone. Good LuckI don't know why so many people have problems setting this up, when so many people in their reviews explain everything you need! The wired and the wireless have two different IP addresses and their MAC addresses are listed on the bottom of the camera! Plus you can google foscam, they have a easy do it yourself guide for windows and mac in their support page. ENJOY!