I installed this system on 06/14/2013.  I did a bunch of research and found many of the online reviews to be dated and inaccurate since the new SimpliSafe2 came out in 2012.  I absolutely love the system but if you don't think through your purchase you might be disappointed.  Let's talk about the gotchya's:1) Buy extra sirens!  The base unit comes with an 85db siren and if it's the only one you have then the thieves will know EXACTLY where to find it and smash it before your 30 second entry delay is up.  Extra sirens will beep on the entry delay and when in full alarm sounding mode they will drown out the base siren and the thieves will be less likely to find your base station and destroy it before the signal goes out to the monitoring company.2) Buy extra motion sensors for rooms with your most vulnerable windows.  If a thief smashes a window the entry sensor will never trip since it never moves.  Security is always best in layers!  I chose to add motion sensors for my doors as well so I have TWO layers of detection on all my most vulnerable entry points.3) The cellular network used by SimpliSafe is T-Mobile.  Make sure you've got a good signal.  I'm in the middle of a major city so this is not an issue.4) The wood screws that come in the package are not good for mounting entry sensors on steel/metal doors.  You might need to make a trip to the hardware store for appropriate screws if you don't want to use the double sided sticky tape provided with the equipment.Now let's move on to unadvertised, yet complained about, issues:1) All new equipment can be mounted with screws.  Take the extra time to screw things in.  It will help prevent false alarms from stuff falling off doors and walls and the purpose of your system is to protect your life and property.  The tape is good but screws will always be better.2) The system is AMAZINGLY flexible and the website is awesome!  Each sensor is unique and can be given a name.  They can also be set to instantly trigger the alarm whether in home or away mode OR just send an SMS/E-mail when triggered.  You can change the time of the entry delay for home or away mode.  Sadly there is no exit delay for home mode which kinda sucks if you're leaving the house and your spouse and/or children are still inside.  Eh, I have the $25 monitoring package so I can set home mode from my smart phone...  The app is great too!3) Only the base station talks to you.  It would be nice if the keypads talked/beeped too.4) The SMS & email alerts are fantastic.  You can add as many as you like.5) After it's all installed it takes the company 72 hours before they will begin to dispatch police for alarms.  They call this a "Practice Mode".  At first I was a bit irritated but after a couple days I learned to appreciate it.  I accidentally triggered my alarm a few times because I forgot to take it out of home mode when I walked out a door.  I've learned... thanks to the practice.Conclusion:SimpliSafe went out of their way to respond to customer complaints and address those issues in the SimpliSafe2.  They also went out of their way to make the system easy to install and operate.  It's really simple and intuitive.  The setup CD had step by step instructions.  I sent an e-mail with a question and they responded in a timely fashion.  The website is incredibly easy to use and a very powerful control system for the alarm which was an unexpected surprise.  Do your homework, be thoughtful about how and where you place your sensors, and you too should have a good experience with this system.