I bought this after reading all the glowing reviews and also was looking for a great monitor for my daughter. The first one I received came with two rather larger scratches on the front screen, but Amazon, as usual with their fast replacement service, sent another one right out. The replacement unit was perfect!I previously owned a mediocre Motorola monitor. I did not think I needed much. After all, my daughter and I cohabitate in the same room. She is 14 months now and my house is not too big. The Motorola though would not hold a charge and the picture was so grainy. After a few weeks, the battery on the Motorola completely stopped charging. I just needed something to see and hear her after I put her down and I was up in the living room or doing housework. I had my eye on this and when the price dropped, I picked it up.I consider myself a picky person, I own a lot of gadgets but this device is impressive! I have a lot of wifi devices in my home along with Bluetooth and I do not have any inference with the monitor and camera. Setting it up was so simple. I like that you can charge the handheld simply by plugging it in at the back or there is a cradle you can lay it in and the cradle charges it (of course the cradle has to be plugged in but is so much easier). The first night I used it I was able to see my daughter was stirring in her crib and was able to go in and calm her down before she woke up screaming. I like that I can see her so well on the monitor. It is in color and whether it is day or night, the picture is excellent! The fact that it comes with a micro card, 16, really impressed me as well. The monitor also has a kickstand in the back which I use a lot to place on a table or counter to watch my daughter. The sound is great too. I can hear her and again, no interference.I liked it so much I purchased the additional camera Lorex LW2401AC1 Add-on Wireless Color Camera for Lorex LW241 & LW2401 . You can have up to 4 cameras on the handheld. With the additional camera I am able to watch my house and neighbors. I also move it, they are easy to move around, and you just need an outlet for the camera. I like that I can hit the record button if needed and capture footage.Another feature that sold me was the Skype feature. I will admit I do not like Skype. I used it years ago and it was a resource hog and also poor customer service. When I bought this camera I wanted one compatible with Apple devices but then remembered I can install Skype on my iPod touches. What you will need to do is set up your own account, and then set up an account for the camera. Install the software and plug in the device through the USB port to set it up, and you are all set! I LOVE that I can check in on my cameras through the Skype application on my Touches. I can also log into the PC to check. Just make sure you name the camera something like lorex.camera and then add yourself as a friend. It is very simple.If there is a con to this device, I have yet to find one. I am so impressed by how much it can do. Also, something I read that was helpful, if the temperature seems a bit off, just pull the `thingy' in the back of the camera out/back a little. It might be too close to the unit where it is reading the heat from the camera and not the room. Since doing so, mine is very accurate.I love this monitor/camera system. I finally found all the features I wanted and it did not cost too much. But then again, you can't put a price on protecting your family or your home.