I write this from conviction that people thinking of investing in this alarm system alternative need a more thoughtful review than the many here who quickly post a gushing review and the few who post nonsense negative reviews.1st Simplisafe is easy to install yourself and it is a quality budget alternative to the big alarm system companies (who rely on less than ethical sales methods) who relieve people of a few thousand dollars and lock them into an expensive 2 to 3 year monitoring contract.The hardware is easy to install and get working & for less than $400 most people can seriously discourage felons from targeting their home. Simplisafe is much more up front & consumer oriented than other alarm companies BUT Simplisafe sales department does do its share of hype & exaggeration. You cannot install the sensors & motion detectors in the mindless simple way you are lead to believe. If you slap them up in a few minutes, you will regret it. Take a few minutes and determine the best places to position the sensors & detectors.The advertising shows people just mindlessly sticking sensors and detectors around their house. Then, in response to criticism that people report their senors or detectors fell off, Simplisafe blames it on the owner for not (dah...) cleaning the area first. Even that is hype because cleaning is not enough. It's not wise to just rely on the sticky tape for the heavier pieces, especially the keypad and the motion detectors. Simplisafe techs know this which is why each sensor has a removable installation panel with two screw holes and screws.There are two significant flaws in the Simplisafe system which Simplisafe advertising and information tip toes around and buyers do not realize until after they buy and install their system. I'll bet many long term Simplisafe owners still do not know about the flaws.FLAW NUMBER ONE IS THE ENTRY SENSOR. They are excellent for your outside doors but inadequate for windows. The problem? Unlike the wired big alarm company alarm systems, Simplisafe sensors are "one size fits all" but what is good for a door is not good enough for windows. The 21st century home B&E; is smash and grab. Unless you live in a high end home in an upper income neighborhood, you are at risk for an amateur smash and grab break-in or the new wave home invasion. Your break-in felon is most probably full-time party animals feeding some drug habit lifestyle. They usually break or cut windows, not carefully pry them open or try windows until they find one they can open. Simplisafe entry sensors work only when a door or window is properly opened.Its best to use the motion detectors to cover entire rooms and their windows and use the entry sensors just for doors. You may also want to consider NOT using the SIMPLISAFE signs but buy ADT or Brinks signs and decals instead. Some party animal groups think their way to researching alarm systems on Internet and they know about cell phone apps that they can use to monitor police radio activity. Ann Arbor, Michigan just arrest a gang of four such felons. Alarms didn't stop them. A member was stopped with stolen property in his car. He told on the others so he could get off easy.SECOND FLAW IS THE Alarm. It Is REMARKABLY WEAK! Do not simply rely on the ineffective alarm that comes in the base unit or simply on monitoring services. When seconds count, the police are always minutes away and their budgets are being seriously cut at the same time property crime is soaring. Buy the "extra siren" & mount it outside. The siren irritates the entire neighborhood. The felon isn't going to risk that rare neighbor who cares enough to look and call the police. Consider adding a wireless security camera. Mine sends condensed video to a remote 30 day DVR.There are unemphasized positives about Simplisafe, namely the keychain remote. It includes a panic button which instantly sets off the alarm and launches the call center into action. Monitoring is only 14.99 a month. For an elderly relative living alone the panic button alone is worth the cost of a Simplisafe System. Seniors can use it to live more safely and 14.99 a month for home alarm, personal safety and health is a real bargain. Those EMT service call button services (Call for help) alone cost $40 or more a month!