I have 35's on my truck so I recently purchased this tilt sensor to protect my wheels from possible theft. The sensor was installed by two "unprofessional installers" from Fry's Electronics located at 12710 Executive Dr. Dallas, TX 75238. First the alarm was installed on a Clifford Matrix 3.3X and it didn't work at all.The Clifford Matrix 3.3X alarm interfered with my Escort radar detector and with the GM On star. The alarm was going off with no reason and the truck was starting without any reason.  When I called Fry's Electronics to speak with the installers who install the alarm they don't answer the phone and I had to make an appointment to go in.One of the "unprofessional installers" named Clay stated that up north because of the cold weather the truck is set to run every 3 hours.  I told him that we are in Texas not in Canada and he either fix it or pull it out. He come up with a story excuse and told me in the end that he doesn't know why the alarm doesn't work and that he has to call Directed Electronics who makes the alarm to ask them. After almost 45 minutes he is telling me that he install it correct and Directed Electronics suggested that two more items will have to be purchased (DEI XK09 and DEI XL202) so the alarm will work properly because of the make and model of the truck.So now Clay blames GM for making Silverado trucks so difficult to work on and he tells me to buy these items and he will install them for $45. I told him to order the items and I will bring the truck next week for him to install these items.At this time I already spent $546 so I said why not to spend a little more and have a great alarm...Clay is telling me that he can't order the items through Fry's and that I have to purchase these items separately and he will install them for me for $45.I told him that I will check into and I looked up the items on Amazon where I found them for $39.99 to 49.99 + shipping for the DEI XK09 and $26.97 + shipping for the DEI XL202.I returned the Clifford Matrix 3.3X alarm back to Fry's and purchased a Clifford Matrix +1 alarm.On the second alarm (Clifford Matrix +1) the tilt sensor worked but I think that the two "unprofessional installers" from Fry's Electronics did not know how to install it properly. I lifted the truck with the floor jack from the rear 5 inches with both wheels of the ground and only then the alarm went off. The front was lifted 4 inches before the alarm went off...That was enough space to remove all wheels and leave the truck on blocks. I took the truck back at Fry's Electronics and ask them how they verify how that the sensor was working after they install it. The "unprofessional installers" stated that the way they verify that is working is that they try to move it with they hand on the floor of the truck after they arm it.I don't recommend anybody to use these "unprofessional installers" from Fry's Electronics located at 12710 Executive Dr. Dallas, TX 75238 because it doesn't look that they know what they are doing.