This is a nice camera that I can access while away from the house.  I've been using it for a year now and am happy with it; it meets my need.  I have the device plugged into my iMac and run the app on my iPad and iPhone.Over the last year they have put out app updates that have improved it, so be sure you're reading the newer reviews.  The app makes or breaks this product, and for me, it's now a solid 3 stars.  It wasn't that way in the beginning, but I've stuck it out and it has gotten better.  The camera itself works good, and I guess if it's going to be pushing streaming video, the quality can't be that great or else you're not going to be getting good streaming.  Therefore, I can accept that the image isn't HD, or even close for that matter.  I simply love the way it can adjust where it's pointed (manually that is, remote adjustment is not possible).  It takes up a small footprint, which is nice and takes no time at all to setup.I'd like the ability to turn off the green "on" light so as to make it more covert for home security.  I guess you can put some tape on that, but it doesn't seem like you should have to do that.I like the alerts function which you can turn on and off for when something enters the view or for when it picks up a noise.  You can also set the threshold level for the audio alert.  When the alert is activated, the app tells you and gives you the option to start streaming video. Nice.There is a service plan that can go with this product, but I haven't exercised that.  You can turn it into a "pro account" at the cost of $24.99/yr.  That gives you the ability to have it be a baby monitor, share the monitor with up to 10 persons, keep 7 days of alert history, and display up to 100 recent alerts.  Do I need this service?  No, not really.  However, I'd like the "baby monitor" feature, but I'm not about to pay $25 a year for it!  It seems rather dishonest for them to offer a microphone on the product, but yet, you can't really utilize it unless you give them money.  That's not right.  If I want a baby monitor, I can just set this up for the video and use a real baby monitor for the audio.  Well, that's one solution anyway.Like I said, this meets my need but it's not perfect.  They're always going to require a cost to fully utilize this product, so I think that's going to be an issue for most folks, me included.  I just wish they'd offer a great product without requiring you to pay a yearly fee to use it.BTW, I feel that honest, effective reviews, can take the place of first-hand experiences that are lacking in online shopping. I've always appreciated the help I've received from other reviewers and work hard to return the favor as best as I can. I hope you found this review helpful and if there was anything you thought was lacking or unclear leave a comment and I'll do what I can to fix it.