Well where to start... do i like it? YES, it does work & it is pretty cool, i love the quad mode... being able to see four cameras at the same time is great. Yes i ordered 2 more cameras, as 2 just did not cut it. I purchased a 17 in. Acer PC monitor to display the images because the thought of trying to watch 4 cams on a 7-9 in screen did not seem like a pleasant prospect. I am glad i went the extra mile because it worked out well....i can see clearly in every direction outside at a glance while watching tv & working on the computer.OK... the product is not perfect, not even close....the biggest problem is reception range is nowhere near what they advertise...but even so i was able to work out a good set up.One thing they dont tell you is that you cannot pair one camera to 2 different recievers, i tried this so i could watch from both down & upstairs ... to solve this quandry i split the VGA cable [converted from RCA] & ran one to the 1st floor monitor, worked out perfect....now i can see all four cams from monitors on both floors...reducing the odds of me missing something. Though not perfect...I find the motion detect/auto record to work pretty good....though some cams seem to work better than others. One reviewer stated the system would not record over 30 seconds...but mine has made recordings a full 60 seconds long!... motion is the key....if there is continuous motion it will keep recording.Though a bit on the cheap/cheesy side of things...it IS one of the next best things to a very expensive set up... and it is not rocket science...meaning If you are patient & take your time you can work out a good set up to suit your needs despite it's inherent limitations.No this is not the best set up in the world..but it makes my world better....as i said it is very nice being able to see what is going on outside at night....and the NV is not bad at all,  i get four legged visitors most every night....racoons, skunks, deer, ect.And the defender watches my back while i sleep....alerting me when it senses something...now that is pretty nice.And in the morning... any activity missed while sleeping is waiting for me to inspect....yes it is something of a pain to scroll through, but it is worth it. Image quality is acceptable... a bit choppy but otherwise pretty good.The system allows you to 2x zoom the camera image too... sweet. Also....i hooked up my Defender with a remote on/off so i can quickly & easily wake it up or put it to sleep....one reason i did this is because my monitors are being shared by another camera system  [thanks to a 2 port VGA switch] that i use in conjunction with the defender.Yes there are times when it can be a bit frustrating.. like, cam 4 just does not sync up as well as the others....& as far as that goes i do not think it is a camera issue....i think it is how the reciever is programmed....in that apparently it can only recieve one signal at a time....so it juggles all four....& whichever one is in it's "hand" is the one that gets the live image....the other three will display a stale images until their signal gets refreshed, & for some reason #4 gets left out of the active loop more so than 1,2 or 3........but all things considered i think the Defender is a pretty darn good system that can work for anyone willing to work with it.