Just to clarify, this is a review for DCS-932L - Amazon (or the users) posted here reviews for DCS-930L too.The camera setup was extremely easy, no software needed. Just connect the camera (wired) to the router and point any browser to its IP address to get the web management GUI. The camera comes with DHCP enabled and the IP address depends on the router settings but it should be easy to find in the router's log. If connected directly to a PC (no DHCP available) the camera IP should be 192.168.0.20. Subsequently, the wireless settings can be changed from the web GUI. For people using MAC filtering, it seems the camera has same MAC address for both wireless and wired connection. Once getting the camera "talking" all the settings are intuitive.The camera works well for daytime and/or good light conditions. I added it to a ZoneMinder system and does what is supposed to do. Didn't try audio (no need for my application) or any advanced camera functions like email or motion detection because ZoneMinder does all of that more advanced, in one place, for multiple sources. Also, I didn't try access from the Internet (mydlink) since the ZoneMinder server does that too. I believe I observed a feature worth noting - while testing different settings I somehow managed to lock up the camera, and it was not communicating anymore. However, after about 1 minute or so, judging by the LED status, the camera decided to reboot itself and came back online shortly after, no action needed on my part.Now, the deal breaker!The camera is terrible in poor light conditions. The sensor is listed at '1 Lux @ F2.8' but I believe this doesn't mean much because additional parameters missing (Color temperature, Video level, Reflection ratio). And, of course it is listed at '0 Lux with IR LED on'. The problem with the 'IR LED' is there are not Infra-Red, they are Red! In Night mode the camera turns on 4 red LEDs - if really IR, the light should be outside the visible spectrum. I could understand how this is a commercial decision, these LEDs could be cheaper, and at the same time prevent uninformed users from returning the camera because "the LED don't work, 'cause I see no IR". However, having 4 red lights on all the time at night makes it annoying for any people also using the area. The power LED can be turned off in settings but the red LEDs are managed by the night mode and that will take some complicated scheduling to prevent the nuisance. So, for indoor areas can't really use at night inconspicuously, and the only function I could think of is baby monitor, maybe.Turning the attention to outside areas, for egress monitoring - this also runs into major problems at night. The camera is not designed for outdoor, so even if some users got lucky and it worked outside for a while, I don't plan to take a chance with that. Thus, I had to install the camera inside, behind a window, and during daytime there are no major problems with that. However, during nighttime the camera can't be used at all. The combination of poor AF and "IR" reflections in the window makes the camera show the spots on the window, instead of outside objects, even if they are illuminated well. A real surveillance camera should focus on objects at a relatively longer range, not on the dust streaks on the enclosure glass, 1/2" in front of the camera. Switching the "IR" off improves the situation a bit, less reflections on the window, but the camera sensor sensitivity is so poor the resulting image is not stable (horizontal lines, artifacts) unless there is significant light outside. In summary, the "night mode" only works if there is "day mode" lighting outside.In conclusion, this seems to be an average webcam mounted on a network adapter and with 4 LEDs around the objective; the "night" function is a joke.I am returning it (5 starts to Amazon for delivery and return services).