I purchased 4 of these and have 2 installed so far.  This is a very well built cam with great resolution at an affordable price. I can capture an entire room with just one M3007-P mounted in the middle of the ceiling, or mounted on the wall on one end of the room. The onboard software is very smart and allows for some very detailed programming of the camera through the web browser or included software. I installed 64 GB of storage in the camera easily and set it up for motion detection to this built in SD Disk. I also set it up through VitaminD Video for continuous monitoring and event monitoring to an External Firewire 800 drive. Remote Internet setup was super easy through the web browser interface that creates a remote IP address you can enter into iPad apps such as LiveCam Pro or RemoteHD or access via any built in browser on a computer. Most 3rd party software supports this cameras raw 360 view image and some of them will also stream the other dewarped views by selecting the various channel numbers that correspond to each view.The 360 degree view on this camera is great with very high detail. I prefer this view to any of the other dewarped views this camera offers. Switching between various views is fast on the built in browser. You can digitally zoom down on objects with an iPad and make out the letters on magazines on tables. The internal software allows you to rotate the image any way you want so you don't need to get back on the ladder to readjust the image orientation.I really like the looks of this camera and it is very discrete. It will fit over most circular power ports in the ceiling that may have been installed for future ceiling fans or lights. Just move the electrical wires out of the way and shield them. Mounting is a breeze. It does come with a male end to the built in Ethernet cord so it will require a double female end adapter or custom wire splitting.  It looks like a high quality fire detection device, with a super high quality 5MP camera built in.  It does not have IR so you will need to install a motion detection light for night vision. Vision in low light is not bad, but video quality fades fast as night comes on. Something like the Mr. Beams wireless battery LED 300 lumen motion detection spotlights should pair up well with this camera, or just get motion detection light switches installed. You also need to format the SD card after installing by using the online browser setup software and then select mount when finished formatting.Biggest Pros:-POE-micro SD on board Memory Slot-great pic quality- multiple dewarped views-360 degree ceiling mount view covers entire rooms easily-very attractive and well built design-Axis is widely supported by 3rd party software and Apps-great customer support via online chat, email, phone-digital zoom on iPad or iPhone apps-no LED lights to draw attention-easy install and setup-remote internet setup is easy-made in Sweden and Portugal  ( better than China)Cons:- included software for Windows is limited and not very useful compared to online browser-double female end adapters should be included for installation-not all functions are available for Mac browsers in online web setup menu-if I find anymore I will add them here in the futureOverall Impression: one of the best cameras available at this price!