After many weeks researching systems and reading many reviews we decided to go with SimpliSafe especially after reading that it was Clark Howard approved. Here is our experiences:Our daughter lives alone in a 2nd level Condo near a very high crime area. Recent activity in her complex was...Police stand off domestic dispute and a couple in her building died from leaving something cooking on the stove while they were in the bedroom.(So Sad) So we sent her the complete system with panic button, extra loud alarm and smoke detection. She installed it herself with just a little phone support from me. She was quick to thank us for such a gift and the sense of security she now feels. She signed up for the $25 a month plan as she wanted email notifications and the ability to control her system while away with her smartphone.We purchased a complete system with all the above for my brother and sister in law who just moved from the country into a high crime city where most homes have alarm systems with high monthly monitoring fees. They love SimpliSafe, feel more secure and are very happy with the $15. a month monitoring fee. They have also added a Qsee 8 video camera system similar to this. http://www.amazon.com/Q-See-QT5680-8E4-1-Security-Surveillance-High-Resolution/dp/B00DWFFC94/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1390442563&sr;=8-1&keywords;=q-see+securityWe live in a very old secure neighborhood. Everyone knows each other and watches out for everyone but we realize that often crime occurs in such neighborhoods. We have noticed that when the neighbors are being interviewed by the TV news people after the crime. They often say "I just didn't expect that to happen in our neighborhood." We also purchased the complete system with the above added accessories we purchased for our relatives.Installation: Simple and easy about 1 hour. 15 windows and 2 doors entry sensors.We have the $15. a month monitoring plan and it's best feature besides quick response from dispatch is the free account web page that has the "Event Log" you can check online any time to see if and when your system was activated, deactivated etc.We as a family have had our systems for 7 months now.Just recently we have the flashing blue light and key pad with audio notification of "No contact With Dispatch!" Called customer service and instead of waiting I just left a message and was called back shortly. They are sending a Verizon cell module to replace the suddenly out of range T Mobile module free. Our experience with customer service has always been excellent! They have sent free 3 defective entry sensors and 3 replacements for their new defective smoke detectors. 1 for each of our 3 systems. Nothing is perfect but the quick and caring response of SimpliSafe customer service is proof of a company worth doing business with. They backup their warranty with out hoop jumping.We are considered very senior citizens and recommend SimpliSafe for that extra sense of security and peace of mind when something goes bump in the night. We keep the remote on the bed stand for the convenience of having the panic button on it nearby. Last night 3am the flashlight vibrated off the refrigerator with a loud thump on the trash can and then on the floor. It was comforting get up and check it out knowing no one was in the house since no entry sensor was tripped. Our system is set to instant alarm with no delay now especially after helping my brother with his system testing and realizing how long 30 seconds really is. When we are in Home mode and asleep I want an instant alarm that some perp has entered our home. Our plan is lock bedroom door and jump out the window (single story home).Our contact with the monitoring service has been great and we know they are subcontracted for SimpliSafe like most of the big companies. I purposely trip the door entry when arriving home very occasionally to test their respose time. Cell phone rings with in a few seconds. We have had wired systems in the past with their $30-$40 a month monitoring fees. Thank you SimpliSafe for helping us to feel safe and somewhat secure with your affordable system and a reasonable priced monitoring fee. Try it you will love it as my family will testify.