I got this Lorex after reviewing a whole bunch of cameras, including pure internet ones like the Dropcam, Foscam etc. We wanted one that had a handheld monitor with a decent screen size for use in the house, that alerted us to sound and motion by turning on or transmitting sound/video when they occur,  and we didn't want one that eats up all our internet bandwidth streaming video to third party servers constantly (like the dropcam).I looked at the summer infant series but they were too pricey and the latest model was only available at toysrus, and only the add on camera was available at amazon.  I took a chance on this Lorex even though it was so new and I was not disappointed.The most important criteria for us was range and that was the first thing I tested.  I put the camera in one corner of the house (4000 SFT one floor home) and walked to the farthest corner.  About 3/4 of the way there I got the out of range message, but pulling up the antenna on the handheld monitor got me back in range again and I could pretty much walk anywhere in the home and stay in range with the antenna up.Once the range was verified, I checked the camera and all its functions.  The pan tilt is very good as is the zoom.  The pan tilt function does makes a light whirring noise as it operates but not loud enough to disturb the baby in my opinion.  The picture quality is sharp and clear.  I was able to very easily control all the functions from the handheld, including turning on/off the nightlight, turning on the "lullabies" (meh on the this as the sounds are generic such as surf, birds tweeting; would have been much more value if it could record and play mommies voice singing)!  The sound detection on the cameras is very good.  smallest noise near the camera is picked up and sent to the handheld monitor.  I have not yet installed the camera in its final resting place (they say 3FT or more away from the crib so tiny hands don' go reaching for power cords) but it seems easy enough with the included wall mount.  Camera has a switch to flip image over if you decide to mount it on the ceiling.  Camera also has ability to follow motion, so if you have a toddler crawling round the crib or the floor etc, the camera is supposed to pan/tilt to keep them in view.  We didn't try this feature out.Then I connected the second add on camera and paired that up.  I was able to select the camera or put both screens up on a "quad view" on the monitor and they were clear.  Sounds were being picked up from either camera and alerting the monitor as they should.  Pairing the second camera was simplicity itself; on the monitor, setup, add camera and pair it to Channel 2 (total 4 channels); monitor gives a 30 second countdown timer, press the pair button on bottom of camera and you are done.Next I tried the wifi cradle.  It supports wifi and ethernet.  I happen to have an ethernet port near where I put the cradle so connected it to that using the included ethernet cable.  Next I placed the monitor in the cradle (watch how you do this so it docks smoothly and mates all the way to the USB plug on the bottom of the cradle; its tricky).  Went to Google play store and downloaded the Lorex Care app onto our HTC One's (one is Tmobile and other Verizon).  Make sure your phones are using the wifi network in your home and then press search on the app.  It will find the wifi cradle and if not you can take a picture of the QR code on the device and it will find it; we didn't need to do this).  Default name is "Camera" and default password is 000000 (when you are all setup make sure you change the password)!  When you touch the "Camera" icon, you get the picture from the channel 1 camera!  To switch to the another camera, touch Channel button and select channel 2 (or whichever one you paired the second camera to) and you get that picture.  Simple!We also tried the Lorex Care app when we were out of the house and we had LTE or 3G or HSPA coverage and the app still worked great!  It seems to use about 300-500kbps to stream the picture.  Keep in mind for the whole internet access thing to work, the handheld monitor must be docked in the cradle.  One positive is we didn't have to muck around at all with our home wifi/ethernet router or firewall settings etc.  Things just worked. Love it!We are very happy with this Lorex so far and I will update later if our findings change.Update 4/10/2014Well as other reviewers pointed out, the battery life of the hand held monitor started dropping dramatically since we bought it 3 months ago.  Much more worrying, the battery started bulging out the back and it bulged so much it popped out the little battery door, screws and all.  Knowing this is a lithium battery this should not have happened as its supposed to have all kinds of overcharge and over current protections.  I suspect cheap/bad quality cells and it looks like a cheap no name battery.  Whatever it is, because of the bulging, I suspect this battery would have eventually exploded or leaked and caused a fire or damage; scary to think of "what ifs" when using this expensive little disaster around babies.  It's sitting safely in the garage now while I debate how to deal with Lorex and their atrocious customer service as detailed by many others here...  I will update everyone on that experience shortly.