Let me first mention that Foscam isn't too pleased with all these critical reviews on here of their best selling product, so on their website they say that their cameras sold on Amazon are fakes which is obviously not the case.The trouble is the camera software is lousy, the technical aspect to get beyond the functionality of a basic webcam is beyond most people's expertise and often, in certain network conditions, there just isn't going to be a solution to get it to work fully. If you have a dedicated IP address and knowledge of how to port forward your router and both ends have a great network connection, yes, you can actually view your camera from a remote location. My new smartphone was able to connect but even with wifi it was not even close to being able to display the streaming video.Ok so if you got this far, you now have basically a choppy, discolored streaming webcam from your home without the need for it to be plugged into the computer... Hurray!Now what?You want to be able to record right?You want there to be motion detection so when there is someone moving around in front of your camera you get alerted about it or at the very least have it recorded so you can review it later right?SORRY, not with this purchase. Oh sure you can go buy some additional software to try and figure out how to integrate the two but show me one person who successfully did that who doesn't have an IT degree.(I got an IT person and the results are BELOW)Basically I have far better results running Skype with a $20 webcam; better picture, smoother streaming, better sound.... I think it's time these guys or SOMEONE came out with a product that is not outdated by 10 years, my smartphone can record video, with effects, with motion detection and all wirelessly with ZERO effort or technical B.S., so why can't this camera do it better, when that is it's ONE AND ONLY function?Bottom line, if you're gonna get one call your IT friend to help you and maybe just mount it over your front door so you can check in to see if you have UPS packages at your door... of course that's what tracking is for... it's not like you will be able to record the neighbor stealing it off your porch.UPDATE:So a week or so later and after many conversations with the most knowledgeable people I can find, and the result is this:You CAN record, but only locally (to a computer plugged into the same network that your camera is on) which makes it normally inaccessible to you when you're not home not to mention your evidence videos are on-site waiting for your would-be thief to steal.You CAN have it upload to a different place, via FTP or even email but only SNAPSHOTS which usually capture the picture way too late (a motion sets an alarm then it takes a moment to record a picture.You can set the interval which it will continue to snap pictures, which can become overwhelming if you have your camera outdoors, near a breeze, the sun, shadows etc...) I set mine at my front door and it uploaded 8000 photos of nothing except a leaf blowing in the wind.Then I set the sensitivity lower and it just took that much longer for it to recognize a movement, you won't catch someone walking by or even dropping off something unless the person is milling around in front of the camera for a while. You will have however a 45 minute video of the scene after they left.... and snapshots too... not helpful. The alternative is turning up the sensitivity but this resulted in the 8000 photos I mentioned and of course 17GB of videos 45 minutes long each filling my hard drive.To those of you who have the skills and software and know-how to fiddle with these things, that's great, you can probably build a cyber network through a proxy and VPN to your home network to make all your dreams come true with this camera.. However as a consumer grade camera which advertises "quick and easy set-up" and all the wireless wonders it is capable of, in this day of apps and iPhones, why would anyone want to use something that is so counter-intuitive and poorly designed with such archaic settings management.