Wow let me start off by saying when I first received security system I was so excited and then I plugged it in and turn on the monitor and saw so many options and features I was very intimidated at first. I had no clue what all these settings were for. I should also mention that I am ADD so that really did not help. I then looked through all the boxes to find instructions and only found a very small quick setup guide and a cd but no in depth setup instructions so I was saying to myself how in the world am I going to figure this out? Well fortunately I went online to there web site and found a PDF download that goes step by step on the setup. I followed the online instructions  and was very clear and accurate so I had my system up and running in no time. I was even able to view all my cameras online and in real time too! That is awesome. I chose the setting to be emailed if a camera experiences a signal loss or if motion is detected and WOW this works like a dream. Very impressed. Ok now that it is setup I should mention that they advertise that it will record 2 years of non stop footage. Well that is true if you choose the lowest setting of 1 frame per second and that is totally useless so that is the reason for one star well that and no real instructions included in box. However this is really not a problem. I have chosen the highest quality video setting and still will get about a month of non stop recording and have it set to automatically overwrite when the hard drive is full so it will never stop recording. I also have the system set to only record when motion is detected so it will take much longer to fill the hard drive. A very nice feature I found about the motion recording is that once motion is detected the system will move back and also record 30 seconds prior to motion to capture the full scene. That is a very nice feature indeed. The schedule settings a very versatile in that you can set certain days to record non stop, motion, or not at all. You also can choose the settings in 1 hour increments. Another feature is a privacy feature so that you can chose to have a camera turned off during a certain time of day for privacy reasons. I should mention that I am using this mainly for my home protection so I will not go into detail about the multiple administers you can can and privacy setting for that but they are all there. The cameras them self are ok and work well. I wish they were a little bit wider angle but not a problem. The clarity is good overall but during the transition of day to night is starts to get a little bit grainy just before it switches to night view. Still no bad at all. I wonder if the Ultra high resolution ones would work better? Another feature is that you can add audio cameras and also PTZ pan tilt zoom cameras and will be fully operational with this system. I have been really impressed with this so far but I do recommend checking the Defender website for price as it is way lower there for some reason. Bottom line is this system is packed with a lot of features and is fully customizable with realtime monitoring, system alerts, email warnings and all. Very comprehensive system.