Since my Husband is more tech Savvy than me, I had him share his thoughts on this product. Enjoy the review below!I opened the DCS-932L camera and was greeted by the camera, two cables, and a packet with the CD, a quick install guide, a big orange paper on how to contact support, and some GPL, GNU licence papers. There's a minimum amount of paper here, so not a lot to sort through to find what you need.Setup is fairly simple. My wireless router does not have WPS (WiFi Protected Setup) so I just plugged the camera into the router with a CAT-5 cable (included) and into the wall socket power cable (included.) I inserted the CD, and clicked Start. From there I entered in a device password, which is sadly limited to 6-8 characters. This is likely due to the fact it's probably stored on the device itself and there are hardware limitations to encryption. After answering a few simple questions, you are able to make a mydlink.com account. Here, there was also a limitation on the password. I'm not sure what it allows, other than it must be at least 6 characters. I tried to make a 12 character password with all manner of characters. It said it was invalid, with no explanation. I made the password 12 characters of upper and lower case letters, and numbers. This worked. Not as good as I'd like, as it is allowing access to my home, but it's not terrible. It could probably be longer than 12 if I wanted. I can only hope is stored properly in the website (not that I have much hope in that.) Be sure to complete the process after clicking the activate link in your email before trying to access the camera via website. I'm fairly certain you could even skip the mydlink.com account creation and set up the camera to work on your own domain and gain access via the web without needing to trust the mydlink.com site.If your router supports it, the camera also supports WPA-PSK / WPA2-PSK  wifi encryption (and if your router doesn't, get a new one.)Another issue I had was my Firefox browser with NoScript and my Chrome browser blocked access to the camera page from the website for security reasons I wont get into here. It's easily bypassed by going to the direct IP address while on your local network.The site dashboard allows you access to several cameras if you have more than one.The camera itself, and the features, are very nice. It comes mounted on a stand with a wide range of motion and can be mounted on a wall if you wish. We found a suitable location in a room that allows us to see almost the entire room. You can flip and/or mirror the image in the software settings if you need to as well.The microphone is also of good quality, and you can hear what's going on in the room. The night vision auto activates if the light is low enough (or you've pointed the camera down enough that the ceiling light wont reach it.)The software features accessible through the camera page are fantastic. There is motion detection which allows you to select certain regions of the view to watch for motion, while avoiding where (for example) the cat normally walks. You could have it look for an opening door, but not worry about the floor.There's a zoom feature, but it's only a digital zoom, so the quality isn't great when zooming.You can raise or lower the image quality and resolution so if you need the live stream to take up less bandwidth, you can do so, or raise it for high quality images.There are many more options, such as email and FTP access to store images, scheduling to turn the camera on and off automatically, and the ability to link the camera to a web domain name you control.Overall, aside from a few concerns on the passwords, which I am sensitive to because I am a security enthusiast, I think it's a fantastic device. The myriad of options and settings are very nice, and the price is about right for what we got.