For a little less than $75 each, I don't think these can be beat.  I'm using both as security cameras on opposite sides of my house.  I have them fixed to the wall at the edge of the window looking out the window at an angle.  The included mounting bracket is sturdy and excellent for positioning the camera inside looking out a window.  I also like the retractable ethernet cable that comes with the device.  I didn't need it but I'll sure use that for other projects and is handy to have.  :-)Software was straightforward and if you've set up other IP cameras in the past, this one will be similar.  WiFi range seems good.  The cameras have very good color during day but my one complaint (and reason for only 4 stars) is that there's a gotcha with the IR LED's.  You can turn them off but they default to on when the camera reboots so if there's a power outage and they are not on a UPS, you'll have trouble if you want them off permanently (as I do shooting out a window).  Even if you turn them off after boot, at night the low light capabilities are pretty poor because with the IR LED's shut off, the camera stays in daytime mode and won't switch to night vision (B/W) mode.The solution for me was to cut a ring of foil tape and cover the IR LED's making sure not to cover the light sensor at the top.  Doing that and leaving the IR turned ON in the software ensures that the camera switches to night vision mode but the LED's don't blind the camera from window reflections.  With the foil tape in place, the camera switches to B/W IR mode at night which is much more sensitive even without the LED's turned on.  It means you can get usable footage when your outdoor spot or patio light comes on.  Sort of like "moonlight" mode on other cameras.  I was surprised to see that it appears this device has a retractable IR filter.  So during the day you get beautiful accurate color and when it switches to night mode via the light sensor, the IR filter retracts and you get the ghostly irradiated B/W image we are all used to with night vision (even with the IR LED's covered up).  All my other IR capable cameras have no IR filter so during the day they give a horrible purple image.  Not this camera: seems to have the best of both worlds!One "glitch" I found in the firmware was that if you try to access the streaming video from more than one device at a time, the WebUI sometimes "hangs" and you have to unplug power to get it back.  The camera is still visible with the included software: you just can't get to the WebUI because the multi-user access has somehow locked it up.  Not much of a concern since you can avoid that.  I do have the latest firmware as of this date (April 19, 2014).Finally, I didn't try the included motion detection and alert parts of the software because I use BlueIris for that.  These cameras work nicely with BlueIris.  Overall I'm quite impressed for the money as some of my other IP cameras that cost 3x as much do less.  The tilt and pan options are good and have a very wide range.  Only complaint on that is if you set a preset spot and then "Go" to that spot from the left, it returns to a slightly different horizontal position than if you start from the right.  This is because there seems to be several degrees of "slop" in the horizontal movement.If the firmware is ever upgraded to allow permanent "off" for the IR LED's while STILL allowing the camera to go into night/moonlight mode at night, this camera would be a grand slam 5 star device!Mike