We bought this monitor when our old Summer Day and Night analog bit the dust after 3 years.  I didn't mind that it was light or plasticy.  I didn't mind that it didn't have pan/tilt/zoom. I just wanted a good monitor I could use for my two kids.  This wasn't it.Our main problems:1)  The auto mute and VOX functions were great ideas - had they worked.  But to get the sound to trigger there has to be a LOUD noise.  So basically instead of being able to hear my child sitting up and singing or playing softly, she would have to yell or cry for me to know she was awake.  By way of example, my two year old got a stomach bug and vomitted in her toddler bed one night around midnight.  I didn't know it until she started becoming really agitated and started to yell (she is quiet little one and doesn't cry/yell much).  I have no idea how long she was covered in sick before that finally triggered and woke me up.  The final straw came when, at 2am, she somehow made her way into our room and woke us up to tell us her paci was missing.  The monitor never picked up her calling for us, nor getting out of her bed and leaving the room. Up to that point she had never left her bed or room at night.  Now I worry that the "seal is broken" on that behavior so to speak.  That was the night we decided this monitor went back.Apart from audio the other small quirks that annoyed us:2)  There is no Audio Only mode.  The best you can do is set it on Voice Activated (VOX).  This means that you either have to sleep with the VERY bright display on all night, or you have to wait to have the VOX triggered by something loud. As a parent of a newborn you may not mind having the video on all night.  But trust me, at some point you will mind.  When it IS triggered the screen automatically pops on.  Also annoying at 2am.3)  When VOX goes off after a period of silence, it first flashes to a BRIGHT white "title screen".  That bright white flash itself has woken me up more than once.  It is ridiculously bright and I can't understand what purpose it serves.4)  The night vision lights on the camera are BRIGHT RED in a ring around the lens.  There are plenty of other brands that have invisible IRs.  The red lights freaked my 2 year old out for days until we finally told her they were her own personal Christmas Lights.5)  There is no easy way, once in VOX and there hasn't been an activating sound, to just pop the camera on for a quick view.  I tried pushing the "brightness" toggle and the "P" button on the front of the monitor.  Both worked in popping the camera ON but a) there was no way to pop it back off again until the VOX setting once again triggered, and b) half the time it would somehow then turn the VOX setting off so the camera would stay on and on and on until I checked and reset the VOX setting.I will grant that the video quality and night quality is good.  That's what kept us holding on for so long.  But we just couldn't do it after my daughter needed us TWICE and the monitor failed to alert us. What else is a monitor for?  We could have purchased an audio-only monitor to go along with this one but by then we'd have spent just as much money as getting a better quality monitor.We've since purchased the Summer Baby Touch (thanks to a wonderful review by "Alison" going over that and the Motorola we were considering step by step) and we're VERY happy with it.  It was more money... in fact double the money.  But it bought me peace of mind.