I didn't like it at first, but it I am warming up to it.I decided to rate this a 3 although a 3.25 is closer to how I currently feel about this product.  Like my title says, I really didn't like this system after opening the box, but now I like it better.  I haven't figured out all features yet, but I am learning something new every day about the system.  So far, I have 1 camera setup with remote viewing.  I am in the process of installing the last 3 cameras.Installation:The actual installation is pretty easy.  It took close to 15 minutes to have atleast 1 camera up and running.  It comes with 4 cameras, 4 wireless receivers, 1 DVR, Ethernet cable, HDMI cable, a remote and a mouse.  For the most part, everything is plug and play. I would highly suggest plugging in a mouse to maneuver through the interface if you decide to connect to a computer monitor or TV.Video Quality.So far, the quality isn't bad.  It seems fairly average and gets the job down. I would need to do more testing to really test the quality.  I don't believe the camera has audio although.  I haven't performed a test to see if audio is included.  My first cam is on the opposite side of the house and I have received 2 bars which isn't bad at all.  For me, reception isn't a problem as the wireless receiver is extremely powerful.Remote ViewingI bought this system with the idea of remote viewing my home when away either from business or vacation.  IMO, the remote viewer when working is exactly what I expected. I can view live video or prerecorded video.  It took me a while setting up remote viewing as the directions were not clear.  Remote viewing requires a Lorex DDNS account on their website which took me a while to create.  See below for other issues.Cons:This system isn't perfect and includes some cons.  The biggest issue I had is with wifi interference/jamming and remote desktop setup.  This system uses similar technology to baby monitors (FHSS) which are known to cause interference.  It is almost impossible to not have some sort of interference with wifi.  Depending on where you place your receiver it can cause up to 90% drop in internet speed.  I have had speeds as low as .5 mbps and speeds as high as 12 mbps (max paid for).  There are a few workaround though.  I have noticed that the wireless receivers (not camera) are extremely powerful and can overpower your wifi router.  One solution is to move your wireless receiver atleast 3 feet away from your wireless router and wireless device.  Another solution is to weaken your receiver by placing aluminum foil on the antenna.  Last, you can use a dual band 5ghz router for your internet. I have also found changing your wifi router channel to either 1 or 11 will lessen interference due frequency hopping. The remote viewing works well once you get it to work. To me it was difficult to setup.  First of all, remote viewing requires you to connect your DVR to your router via a ethernet cable.  First, you will need to forward your ports (default 80).  Second you will need to create a Lorex DDNS account that is free.  Last you will have to register your device and start the warranty.  It took me a few tries to finally get it working.In conclusion, this is a pretty decent system for the price.  I recommend as a product to use if you want a basic wireless system with remote viewing and email alerts and do not mind occasional drops in internet speed with a workaround.I decided to rate this a 4 although a 3.5 is closer to how I currently feel about this product.  Like my title says, I really didn't like this system after opening the box, but now I like it.  I haven't figured out all features yet, but I am learning something new every day.  So far I have 1 camera setup with remote viewing.  I haven't tried all features yet.