This is a nice basic network security camera for home users. It was fairly easy to set up and has good features like night vision and a speaker for two-way audio. However, the user interface for accessing it from a PC is rather clunky; the Android app actually seems better.Setup:Wired setup using an Ethernet cable worked flawlessly.Wireless setup: The way you enter your WiFi password is to type it into the Lorex Ping app on your smartphone/tablet and hold it in front of the camera, which scans the QR code from your phone to acquire the password. Using my Android phone with their app took a couple of tries. I don't know why but I had to run through the steps twice.  Anyway, it still took less than 5 minutes in total to get it working.The annoying part however is that it seems to have forgotten the password after being powered off (unplugged) for a while. The QR code didn't work and I had to resort to connected it with an Ethernet cable, then entering the WiFi password manually in the Android app (Blue arrow next to camera ID in camera list > Camera settings > Network > WiFi network) It can take several minutes to reconnect to WiFi.Remote connection and security:Once connected to your local network whether by cable or WiFi, a smartphone or PC on the same network with the Lorex app can detect the camera and connect to it. You are strongly encouraged to set a password for the camera to prevent other people from gaining access to it.Viewing video worked fine on both my Android phone and my PC (see additional comments below). Away from home over a mobile connection, video seemed a little slower but not too bad.The Android app is pretty good and has a lot of options in the settings for connection, security, setting alarms, etc.I really don't like the design of the PC software. It looks like it's from the 90s, and the mic and speaker icons are reversed in what I intuitively thought their functions were (others may disagree). The aspect ratio of the video is squashed horizontally even though it says 1024 x 768, and it is pixelated (this is testing with both my PC and the camera on my home LAN, so it shouldn't be a bandwidth problem?)Video:The framerate is fine when testing it in my own home. It's choppy over mobile broadband but I imagine that's an effect of my mobile provider's speed rather than the Android app, since display on the app is fine when testing it over WiFi at home. It seems OK when viewing from someone else's home network.The nice thing is that this has an infrared camera and an infrared LED which should turn on automatically when it's dark. The threshold for when it turns on is a little darker than it should be, however, because when it's evening there is a period when it's too dark to see but the infrared hasn't cut in yet. When it works it's a nice sharp grayscale.Audio:The pick-up from the microphone is not exactly fantastic but then again, it's not intended to be an audio recording device. There is a fair bit of background hiss. You can however hear sounds well enough.As for the speaker - it works OK now that I've discovered that the default gain in the PC app is set way too high. I thought something was wrong because words were coming out extremely crackly and unintelligible when I spoke into my laptop mic. Turning down the gain in the PC app fixed the issue. (The top volume slider is for output of your PC mic to the camera's speaker; the bottom slider is for camera mic to PC speakers. They don't line up with the icons and they're unlabelled - another example of the rather poor PC app design.)In the Android app there is a single button to activate/mute 2-way audio instead of separate ones for the speaker and mic.There is also an alarm button that sets off an annoying alarm sound. I guess this would be useful to let intruders know you've seen them.Motion sensor function:Have not tested yet. Will update when I do.Alarms:You can set alarms for either the motion sensor or the infrared camera to go off in the app or send you an email. Have not tested yet. Will update when I do.