I'm keeping the older parts of this review below the line, but I have new information that indicates that some of the problem may be caused by defects in Macintosh portables with an internal slot for the SD memory chips If you want to try this game camera, which works quite well other than the memory card handling, then you should buy one of the USB card reader devices (for around $8) and always use it to access the SD or SDHC cards. A search of Mac forums on the Internet shows that people have had trouble with the internal SD reader on the portable. Visiting the TruthCam's site shows that people reading the cards with Windows computers indicates that there are problems there too, because the website advocates reformatting the SD cards frequently.I have just recently purchased a USB-based card reader, and it read correctly the cards that both my Mac and my TruthCam treated as unmountable or "full." I'll keep watch for any problems. If using the USB reader is a reliable work-around, then I'll increase my rating for the TruthCam to four stars.--------As has happened with several other people, the unit I got functioned properly for one night. When I swapped out a new SanDisk memory stick, the same brand as the one I bought with this product, it said 0000 for a couple seconds and then flashed what looked like "50ful"-- which turned out to be "SDFUL", an indication that the unit reads new or reformatted SDHD memory sticks as "full" despite the fact that they have no files and are perfectly o.k. according to the computer that I read and reformat them with. (They can also accept files copied from my computer.)I like the unit. It seemed perfect for my purposes. But I have had to return the item to Amazon for replacement.The instructional booklet and the website make no mention of "SDFUL," and the website has almost no useful information.Other people have given this game camera high ratings, but if you buy one you are taking a gamble. The package comes with instructions not to return the camera to the place you got it. If you depend on sending it to them, then you will pay shipping + $20 to have it repaired.Later:My replacement unit came very quickly. So far it works well except for messing up the directory files on the SDHD card. As the company's own website says, reinitializing SDHD cards needs to be done frequently. There is no good reason for this requirement. It clearly indicates unreliable functioning of the TruthCam's internal computer, i.e., the part of the gizmo that set up files and records into them. After I had used my original SDHD card a second time of the new TruthCam I was unable to erase and/or reinitialize the memory card. It originally told me that I had permission only to read my card. I rebooted my computer and inserted the SDHD again. This time I was told that it would need to be reinitialized. I did so, and the SDHD now seems to be o.k. -- until next time, perhaps.I've lowered my rating from a 3 to a 2 since both units I've attempted to use have had problems with recording images to the SDHD card.After having used this unit for many days, I am sorry to report that it has once again left an SDHD with a bad directory. I had to retry to get my Mac to reformat the disk several times. Each time the disk utility would only try to verify the disk. It then would say that the disk needed to be reformatted, but the "reformat" button was greyed out. I finally shut down my Mac, disconnected all external disks, and restarted. At that time I was given the option to "repair disk." After the disk was repaired I went ahead and reformatted it to try to make sure that there were no lingering problems.It is possible that all units have this problem or that only units with minor imperfections will fail this way. Even their own website recommends frequently reformatting SDHD media, something that ordinarily would not be necessary.A couple of weeks later: I've learned that the internal SD card reader on Mac portables such as my MacBook Pro has a problem. If you get an inexpensive UBS reader for the SD cards, then the problems that I have had with TruCam will disappear. I've raised my rating accordingly.