The manual and website are in Chinese which I knew before I ordered this camera. Picture quality is good with reasonable color rendering. (Some reviews have complained about the color but mine is fine.) Installation takes some effort. First, you HAVE to know how to access your router via a regular web browser. I used Chrome throughout the installation.)  For many routers the access is to type in 192.168.1.1. You should get prompted for an id and password (often admin 123456 or something like that.). Learn how to do this first. (and change the password to something other than the default).  Once into the router you need to find a table listing the current IP addresses/MAC addresses/client name, etc. For Cisco routers, look in Status/Local Network and click on DHCP Client Table.  Look at this BEFORE you start connecting  the webcam. Now, plug in the webcam to power and use the ethernet cable to connect the camera to the router.  (You need to do this even if you are going to eventually to have a wireless setup.) Now, go back to the router browser page with the DHCP table and you will see another entry. Note the 192.168.1.nnn new line and write down all the associated info. Next, you need to get some stuff off the Kaicong site.  Go to [bbsen.kaicongyun.com/index.php...], click on IP cameras (by admin) and select SIP1602 IP Camera Manual, then click on the pdf link mid page [...]. Now you have the English manual.  (This BBS has other info that can be useful.)  In the downloaded pdf manual (Page 5) is a link to [...Searchen.rar].  This is a  download of Kaicong interface software that looks at your router and finds the newly connected camera. Run this then highlight the camera and select Browse. Follow along in the manual. Now the Kaicong camera software will start. When making selections in this software you HAVE to select set prior to any action occurring.  Now you can setup the wireless option, Click on Options at the bottom right of the camera screen,then Wireless LAN settings, Using Wireless LAN, Enter your router SSID, choose Infra, Select the right Authentication type (WPA default usually), router password ins "share Key field" and click select. Disconnect the ethernet camera while it is rebooting. Look back at the router browser DHCP table again and there will be a new 'wireless' line. Type  the 192.168.1.nnn:81  (probably 81, but use whatever displays) associated with that wireless in your browser address line and hit enter. Ta-da...You should be connected wirelessly.  Simple....sort of....  Now while looking at the camera display control,click on the gray circle bottom right below monitoring interface details. To set the motion alarm (remember you don't want it on all the time!!) Click Alarm Service Settings, check Motion Detect Armed. Next screen, set the sensitivity (default is high), Click Send Mail on Alarm, click scheduler and select all (this is NOT intuitive!!). You must click SET before leaving the screen to preserve what you just did. Now click MAIL SERVICE SETTINGS and fill in your email info. For gmail, SMTP SERVER=smtp.gmail.com, SENDER=gmail address,SMTP PORT=465,Transport Layer Security =  TLS, need authentication is checked SMTP USER is full gmail address, Password is gmail password,Receiver 1-4 are email addresses.  This will send a motion alert and a photo to your email.