My wife and I were expecting our first when we ordered this last fall. When we got it, I tested its functionality.Several things stood out to me that I disliked from the beginning. When you turn the monitor on, a very loud melody plays with the Samsung logo on the screen. In my opinion, neither is needed. I can see the brand right on the plastic. The tone is loud enough to be on par with "passionate discussion" between two people, more than loud enough to disturb a sleeping baby. You better have the monitor already turned on or turn it on a few rooms away from the baby to keep the child asleep.Also, the lens on the camera doesn't allow a very wide field of view. If you want the whole crib in the picture, you will need to get fairly far away from it. Compound that with the very short power cable for the camera, and you are left with few if any options for camera placement in the room. We ended up going off of the front corner of the crib to a side wall six feet away. We got the entire crib in the picture at an awkward angle in the viewer, but it's manageable. The icing on this paragraph's criticisms is that the picture quality is bad for what you are paying. Jump ahead to after my child's birth and I cannot tell if her eyes are opened or closed despite looking right at them. I think I should be able to tell.With all of that said, I would have been okay with this product. However, when my child was born this winter, we got hit with the blinking night-vision defect out of nowhere. If you read other negative reviews, you already know about it. Essentially, the camera blinks from normal vision to night vision every three seconds when it should be in night vision all of the time because the room is dark: Dark -> Night Vision -> Dark -> Night Vision, over and over. Thinking that maybe the light sensor was picking something from the IR light, I did an experiment. In a dark room, I put four layers of DUCT TAPE on the sensor with no change. I then took a black shirt and wrapped the camera up in it, still blinks. My conclusions were that it once worked, broke, and now can no longer operate in a useful way in a dark room.With this glitch, I went to the internet to see what's up. Looking at other reviews, I see it's a common problem. I also do not see a public response from Samsung to my satisfaction. In a twist of irony, my wanting to be a good parent meant that I bought it months before, so refunds aren't possible now. As it stands, my time is more valuable than the money this thing costs, so we are keeping it with a workaround: door open and hallway light on. I don't plan on pursuing technical support because I am busy and we actually do need to use it, even in its limited state. However, I do hope to help others. Don't be fooled! This unit is crap. My opinion of Samsung has plummeted. I won't buy ANY of their products again.Finally, just to prove I am not a shill, I have no alternative products to offer in this review. All of these video monitors look like potential rip-offs to me. The only help I can provide is to say that THIS product is DEFINITELY a rip-off. Don't believe the positive reviews if you ever intend on using the night-vision feature.