I have been through my fair share of wireless security cameras, including the Archerfish (now CheckVideo) and the Astak Mole. They either would stop working, or had other problems which caused them to repeatedly fail. They were also extremely difficult to set up, even for an expert.ProsThe Dropcam is completely different by design and implementation. It's a brilliant product with setup that makes it so easy it's insane.- The quality of the video (compared to the previous cams I've had) is amazing, even in SD mode.- The two-way audio is a nice touch. Works like a charm. I already freaked my wife out while she was exiting the car by having my daughter say "Hi Mom" into my phone with the "push to talk" feature. She didn't know about the new cam and was looking around the garage for my daughter. She had no clue what was going on! :)- Mounting couldn't be easier. There were no screws supplied, so grab 3 of your own, drill them in and then the base of the Dropcam just snaps into place. Took me 60 seconds.- The software (the iOS app and the website) couldn't be better. The features are everything I need, and more.- I was pleasantly surprised at how fast and well the notifications work (the iOS app uses iOS's native notifications to alert you, which take you directly to the video event to watch). The location aware notifications system is a nice addition, although I haven't had time to test it.- The wide-angle lens on this thing is perfect. I have it mounted on the side in my two car garage, and it captures the entire space with a reasonable amount of distortion.- The USB cable included is very long! Actually for me it's a Con, because the outlet for mine is 2 inches away :)Cons- As many others have stated, there is some bandwidth usage for the DVR service. I did some tests using SpeedTest and here's what I found, using upload speeds as the basis of my tests. Each test was performed one after the other 1) Cam Off 2) Cam in HD mode 3) Cam in SD mode. The upload speeds are fairly consistent, showing the degradation. This is based off of a TimeWarner cable modem. I performed a series of the tests:OFF: 1.91, 1.92, 1.89 MbpsHD: 1.70, 1.73, 1.73 MbpsSD: 1.78, 1.78, 1.77 MbpsEven when in HD mode (using the most upload bandwidth), it didn't seem to affect other typical activities like browsing the web, FaceTime, etc. So while it's a concern, it's not a huge one. It's a necessary evil to have your video stored in the cloud, accessible anywhere, with such ease.- I've experienced intermittent buffering issues with the video streaming to the iOS app, even while at home. When this happens, the video freezes and you get a brief error message across the screen.- There's a Dropcam "logo bug" (watermark) which appears in the lower right hand corner of the screen. A nice marketing stunt by the developers, however no security cameras I've ever owned have done this and it's a bit annoying. An option to disable it in a future update would be greatly appreciated.- The back of the camera gets quite warm. We have 95F+ weather here during the summer, so I'm concerned about it overheating. Hopefully it can automatically shut off instead of exploding.- The night vision mode works well enough (again, in my 2 car garage space). It's nothing to write home about, but it's better than my Archerfish cams which didn't have any at all.- There's no outdoor version. According to their forums, they are working on it. You can always stuff it in an air-tight plastic box or pelican case with a hole big enough for the nose of the cam and another hole for the cable.In closing, this camera is so good at so many different things that the few things that aren't so hot are nothing to keep me from using it, and potentially buying a 2nd cam.