I had two wireless cameras that worked okay but my WiFi would cause interference so the picture was not always great plus the range was not that great so I decided to search for a camera that would use my wireless.  I found the Lorex IP camera and decided to give it a shot.  When it arrived I sat down and plugged it into my hub and went to work on setting it up.  I had a problem early on but the problem was not with the camera it was with me.  I use MAC authentication and the camera actually has two MAC addresses.  You are only made aware of one MAC address and that is for the wired connection.  You will have to disable your MAC authentication on your modem briefly to perform the WiFi test.  Once you have a successful WiFi test you can go to the information tab and get the WiFi MAC address and add that to your allow list and enable your MAC authentication again.  FYI, you will not find a WiFi MAC address until you have a successful WiFi test.This camera actually works great for the most part.  I am not impressed with the motion detection however.  I suspect the problem with the motion detection might be how I am using my camera.  I have it mounted in my window looking out monitoring the approach to my door.  The camera will not detect a person but will detect the change in light.  I suspect the fact that I am trying to use the motion sensor through glass is the problem.  infrared does not always play well with glass.  I have not tried testing it any other way because motion sensing was not all that important to me.  During my testing the camera was set up to email me and it did a great job at doing that at dawn when the sun started to come up and at dusk when the sun went down and at night when the headlights of a passing car were detected.  This was with both PIR and motion activated.  The onboard IR light is worthless if you are mounting this camera to look out a window.  All it will do is light up the glass nice and bright and not allow you to see anything.  This was not a surprise at all and I did not expect it to work through the glass.  This camera is nice but it cannot perform magic.  If you are using this monitor spaces inside a building I suspect this camera and its PIR & motion sensing will make you very happy.I also have a NAS and the camera does connect to it and I have 7 days worth a video recording and the video is overwritten after 7 days.  I am also using a SanDisk 32GB Micro SD card for recording video and that works great as well.  I was so pleased with this camera that I ended up getting a total of 7 cameras.  After getting all 7 of them set up I did have some stability problems that I needed to work through.  The cameras were losing connection and it was very frustrating.  The solution was to allow the cameras to automatically handle resolution and frame rate.  If I remember correctly that is the default setting but I had changed that on all of them.  Once I did that all the cameras stayed connected.  I was able to run 6 cameras at a higher resolution and frame rate with no problems but adding the 7th camera pushed my WiFi over the edge.  The more cameras you add the slower the frame will be.The Lorex Ping android app also works great so I am able to check all seven cameras from work with ease. I have one camera that has the microphone activated and I am able to listen to what is going on using this app.  I have not played with the speaker and alarm option and do not plan to so I have nothing to say about that.All in all this is a great little camera that is really easy and fast to set up and not all that expensive.  The image quality is excellent and I am impressed with the cameras ability to see in low light situations without the use of IR but there does need to be some ambient light.