I purchased this camera to be used as a baby monitor alternative.  The setup instructions were clear but rely on certain level of tech savvy that isn't universal.  For what it's worth, if you expect to view the camera from anywhere in the world you need to setup port forwarding and IP reservation on your router for both the media and the "normal" port.  Once you have the port forwarding setup correctly, you need to login to the camera and ensure the ports you forwarded match up (default ports for a single camera are 88 and 888).The software they provide "IPCamera" is convenient enough to help you connect to the camera initially and really other than the work the router I found their administrative UI + instructions with pictures to be "good enough".  I really had no difficulty getting stuff working through their stated supported scenarios.Now to the sticking points.  Since I'm using this camera as a baby monitor, I wanted to setup multiple devices to view and listen in on the camera.  Finding apps that met my desires for each of my devices was more work that I initially anticipated, I will come back to this.Another downside, I get a certain base level of "crackle" over the audio feed that doesn't bother me but might be a problem for you.Now, onto apps:  First off I should describe my particular problem.  I am a Microsoft products user, as such, standard things like monitoring through Windows OS/IE worked right out of the box and were easy while others like getting monitoring through my Windows Phone 8 were a trial.  For straight "Windows" and IE this setup was brain dead simple (especially once I had the ddns link working).  I just hit the ddns site on each regular windows PC, logged in to test everything worked and the audio/video quality was good.  I was able to get good video and audio quality from my wireless-cable-(Seattle)->internet->Alaska.On Windows 8 RT (Surface) I tried a few different apps but I decided to stick with and install/pay for CameraKaze.  I haven't tested a connection through the internet, in this case I'm using Wireless->Router->Wireless connection as my Surface(s) are going to my primary baby monitoring devices when at home.  The Audio seems one-way through this app (but it's the right direction, camera to viewer) and the video doesn't properly resize when snapped, but for 5.00/install I'm not going to complain too much since the app included features like in-network detection and audio and it works on ARM.  I also have a Surface Pro (but pro uses "traditional" windows, so the IE plugin is great and what I want).On my Windows 8 Phone I tried several apps and could not get them to work. I finally settled on NetCam Pro.  I paid 30.00 for this guy, the audio doesn't work and honestly the interface sucks...but it does work without me needing to connect directly to the network so it fulfills the minimal requirement (and honestly the other app options I was able to demo wouldn't work).  My hope here is to use this app to do "baby-sitter spying" so it was a requirement that I could use DDNS to connect instead of using the raw IP (ie, checking on the sitter when we go out...when we eventually cross that bridge of hiring a sitter). It's good enough, but if you're looking for good Camera support on Windows Phone 8, the apps that are available right now don't seem to be of great quality.  I suspect the supported fruit and robot apps work better given there's a broader audience in those eco-systems.I give this product a 4*, they have actually have reasonable support forums, the hardware quality seems there (and with the flash update at least) the software pretty much works as advertised.  It's not a 5* because honestly I think their instructions on port-forwarding are not enough for "the mere mortal" and that audio-crackle is something they probably could have solved by having either better filtering on the mic gain or a controllable "minimal threshold" that could be set in the camera administration.