About 420TVL CCTV cams.  First off, let me say that I read all the reviews on this camera.  Twice.  I could not believe the positive glowing things being said, since this is only a 420TVL cam.  I usually turn my nose up at anything below 540TVL's.  But since I was getting one more cam for the inside of my garage, I surmised that I could bump my high requirements down.  I own 10 cameras (I have a 8 channel DVR, and a 4 channel DVR---watch out! once you get into installing CCTV cams around your house, you just might get bit by the "bug"....Camera Acquisition Syndrome!!) LOL!!  I also installed my entire system.  I really enjoy educating myself on the details of this.  Since I am retired (ex-NASA employee) I have plenty of time to putter around.  But, back to my review...the camera arrived in just a few days.  I unboxed it and first thought...what a small camera!  And I really didn't think that 26 IR led's would suffice to even see anything in a dark garage!  ( I have installed motion lights in my garage to cut down on the electric bills. I've got them set to five minutes of inactivity.  There are always those family members who 'forget" to turn off the lights after exiting the garage.  Anyways, I got the camera mounted, went to my DVR room in the house, and plugged in the included 12volt adapter.  (By the way...this is a 'switching" 12Volt 500ma adapter, so they ship a qualilty ac adapter.  ALL of my cameras have the regulated switching adapters plugged into an uninterruptible supply.  Yes, I am kind of anal.  haha.) As soon as I inserted the adapter's plug into the camera cable...WOW!  This camera seems to be sharper than my Sony 540TVL Super HAD camera!!  Yes, the reviews are true!  These are not fake reviews!  This camera is razor sharp.  I don't know how 420TVL can produce such a wonderful image.  very, very detailed.  I am running this through an Insignia LED/LCD TV ("hybrid").  It is a 32" TV.  And the night vision is remarkable.  Extremely clear and sharp.As a final write up, I have always made it a point to refuse to buy the 1/4" CCD chip.  I always went for the 1/3".  Nowhere in the listed "specs." on  this camera does it say that it is 1/4" ccd.  So, I just "assumed" it was.  When I opened the box and read the sheet, there it was-- 1/4" ccd.  I felt that I had made a big mistake.  Well, after seeing what this camera produces, I have also changed my mind on the 1/4" ccd.  By the way, this camera is IP55 rated.  Just for those who want to know.  Here is what IP55 means, for those who really want to know:"Ingress of dust is not entirely prevented, but it must not enter in sufficient quantity to interfere with the satisfactory operation of the equipment; complete protection against contact.Water projected by a nozzle (6.3mm) against enclosure from any direction shall have no harmful effects."  Wikipedia.So, it seems like it's good enough for my application.  But my other cameras are at least IP65 rated. However, they are outside, not in a garage. The first IP rating digit (5 in this case)  is for dust, the second (also 5) is for water.I am extremely happy with this camera and might even order another to put under the tree.  For myself! LOL.  BUY THIS CAMERA IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR AN INEXPENSIVE SOLUTION TO FIGHT CRIME.  You will see how the UPS guy really delivers all your packages.  haha. WORTH EVERY PENNY.  Free shipping sealed the deal.The only that I don't like is the color.  White.  But, that's just nitpicking.  I can easily remedy that with a spray paint job.  Now, where  did I put my X-Acto knife!LoJack