I have had some break-ins in my neighborhood and had started looking into video systems. I wanted something that was inexpensive but not cheap, something that I could view online when away from home like I saw on the news. I started doing some searches and based on price the G755 looked pretty good. I don't mind shopping, but I don't like being sold stuff so I really look at user reviews. Some were good and some were not so much. I saw complaints about range and read in the manual that it would go 500' in an open area. I laughed at that cause I don't live in an open area, but really my property isn't big enough to go that far anyways. The thing that I wasn't surprised to find out was that the cameras need wall power. I though it would be cool if they were battery powered but then I remembered all the times I let my cell die and was glad they weren't. I did have to use an extension cord though to get power to one camera but it was not too bad. Installation still sucked though because I hate getting into my attic then getting out to go outside and running back and forth. Word to wise plan it out and try to use vents or openings that are already in your over hangs to avoid drilling holes for the power wire.The computer stuff I had 0 trouble with at least on my PC (gotta love XP), laptop was a different story. Some people said they had trouble with 64 bit Windows 7 and I had a time finding out what my lap top had. I sent an email through Uniden's web site (I don't do phone support) and after a few days (it was teh weekend) they told me how to check. They also told me that windows has 32 and 64 bit versions of internet explorer? And that I should click on the second one in the start menu. That was more than I want to know but when I did that it started working. On my old XP PC I got a pop up about trusted sites or whatever and told it to add the site and I could record videos to the PC no problem. I had to manually add the video page to the trusted sites on the laptop for it to work.The part of this that I was really excited about was the cell phone viewing. I kind of panicked when I saw 2 apps in the iPhone store but they were free so I downloaded both. The first asked for a UID which I didn't have (mine has a DID) so I deleted it. The gold logo app asked for the DID which I was excited I already had, but then it asked for a password. Long story short come to find out the password is actually listed as a security code. Put it all in and boom it worked. I could view both cameras and take snap shots. I texted my wife a few pics of the front walk, to cool. I tried it on the wife's iPad (it used the same app as the phone) and it worked to.So overall for the price for the price and features this thing rocks. I have gotten into a routine of playing back the stored videos. So far I have only had a few cats and dogs show up in the yard but thats better than a thief any day.