My babies are 21 months apart. I used a large, clunky video monitor when I just had one baby, but when it came time to move my little girl from my room to her own, I started looking for a solution that would allow me to see and hear both babies through the night. At the time, this was the only solution I found. I wish I had waited a little longer for some of the other multiple video baby monitors to hit the market. The wireless cameras are great in theory, but in practice not so much. The charge in them wouldn't last the night, so you have to keep the cameras plugged in overnight (it lasts about 6 hours, unless you have it plugged in all the time, then the battery dies and won't last an hour.) The manufacturer recommends not leaving them plugged in all the time. It's not practical to have to in there unplug the camera during the day, then plug it back in during nap time or at night. For some reason, my sons camera will suddenly decide to stop using the plug even though it is still plugged in, and run off the battery....which means that at the most inconvenient times (ie: in the middle of a nap, or in the middle of the night) the camera will stop working and I have to go in there, unplug it from the wall and replug it in. Extremely inconvenient since the plug is behind furniture. I have checked and the plug has always been firmly seated in the wall when the camera dies. Very frustrating. As for the monitor...the speaker is on the bottom back of the unit. Which means it is extremely hard to hear when it is on the bedside table. The VOX system has never worked the way it says it is supposed to, so I just keep the monitor going with sound but with the screen black unless I push a button to see. That works out fine, and I love that it flips back and forth between the two cameras in my children's rooms. I can either see it full screen, or quad screen and it flips back and forth every 8 seconds. That works correctly and it gives me peace of mind. However, now my charger is being picky and not wanting to charge always. I think the wire in the back is loose and if I move it around too much, it looses its connection and stops charging the monitor. Inconvenient when I wake up at 3 am and realize that the monitor has died, and I have to monkey around the charger to get the wire back in the right place so that the monitor will turn on and charge again.All in all, I wish I had gone with a different system, but at the time of purchase, this was the only one I could find that would allow me visible access to both children's room at the same time.