Utterly disappointing with this product.  If we can buy a little black box for fifty buck that can wireless stream full tv series, you would think that for nearly five times the cost you could buy a camera that would reliably record a low quality video.... wrong.The first set I received was DOA.  It was a new item with the camera power line cut in half.  After returning it and ordering a second set everything appeared to be ok.  I did a dry run in the house and then I installed these cameras outside.  The first concern I had was with the ball joint.  It looks nice enough but you cannot lock the cameras in place.  The joint is just too flimsy, and no matter how tight you make it, a strong wind or bump with cause the cameras to point in another direction.  That said, they are staying fairly accurately aimed for the time being.  Another flaw I see is that the 6 foot power line for the camera is sealed in the actual unit.  If your running the cord through a wall like I am, the you will have to pull the cord back through the wall if you need to take the camera down to clean or repair it.After finally getting them wired up, I was saddened to find out the wireless antenna on one of the cameras doesn't work.  Only if its in direct line-of-sight with the receiver, will it pick up the signal.  Once I closed the window or stepped inside the house with the lcd, the signal was lost. Now, I have to hang the LCD display in the window to get a connection.  The other camera however worked fine and had no problems with signal.After installing the cameras, I set the receiver to motion recording.  In general it seemed fine.  The color is a little off on the recorded video, brown comes across slightly purple and in general there is a pink tint to the footage.  The night vision seems sufficient. The recorded "video" isn't really video.  It's more like a 20s movie file that displays about 6 still photos that were taken over a 5s window, together this makes a slow-motion picture movie that you end up clicking through just to see the different images that were taken.After a couple days of operation, one of the cameras has collected moisture inside so the entire image is fogged up and worthless.  The moisture will not go away so the only way to remove it is to dismantle the camera and dry it out, which as I mentioned earlier, will require pulling the power-line to the camera back through the wall.  Basically it's now just an expensive dummy camera.  After another week we've reached freezing conditions outside and the motion detection on both cameras is not working.  I'm not sure if its just the outside temperature that's causing the IR detector to not work or if it's an actual malfunction in the entire system.  Either way, the plethora of issues I've experienced with this system will keep me away from this brand as I shop for a legitimate replacement.