For all the folks who had reliability or connectivity - issues, I have had 14 of these cameras in operation for almost a year on 3 brands of WiFi routers and have never had a connectiviy issue. Like with any WiFi camera, you better make sure you have a strong WiFi signal at the camera location. (Search and Download "inSSIDer" for a great free program to measure your WiFi signals.) I did return 2 units when I first received them because there is a quality control issue with the lense.  The two returned cameras had a definite blurry image in the center of the image compared to the best units.I initially replaced 4 WVC54GCA with 4 WVC80N cameras used to monitor the scenery in and around a northern Minnesota cabin.  The older cameras still worked as new, but they had limitations that have been fixed with the WVC80N.WVC80N Pros1. The WVC80N image is clearer. The older cameras are fairly clear in the center but are fuzzy toward the perimeter.2. The Motion Detection video clip recording works much better. With the older camera it was impossible to find a sensitivity setting that would get the desired clips without also getting way too many false activations - unwanted clips. I now have the cameras upload video clips by ftp:// from the cabin to a computer at our home so we can browse the video clips from any device in our home. As a security feature 1 indoor camera emails an .mp4 video clip whenever it sees something. To avoid filling up our mail-box with unwanted video clips, this camera is powered off when specific user codes have disarmed the security system.3. The .mp4 clips have amazingly fast (1/1000s or better) "shutter speed equivalent" for each frame.  I have video frames with a Canadian goose and another with a hawk flying in front of the camera only 10 feet away, and the birds are captured with absolutely no motion blur.4. Playback Devices:Windows 7 Computers can play the live streaming video and the emailed or ftp:// .mp4 video clips. To play the videos without the Linksys plugin (and no audio), you can download Google Chrome, because IE will only play 1 frame of the video without the plugin.Our iPad can play the streaming video but won't play the .mp4 clips because the iPad is very limited with respect to direct internet playback standards.Our Android phones can play .mp4 clips emailed by the cameras but not the live stream. The phones won't access the ftp:// or the Windows share where the motion detections clips are deposited.Reviewers have complained about the Sound - - With very fast cable internet service at each end of the connection, the sound only works across the internet with video set at 2 frames per second and the image quality set to 'low'. Otherwise the audio is broken up.  The sound pickup is very clear but with a small amount of hiss and crackle.  I don't see much difference with the low quality setting for an interior scene.5. Cold Temperature Operation - not officially recommended: I have two of these cameras under the cabin roof overhang in northern Minnesota. Last January they worked fine at -30F. (The Linksys WVC54GCA cameras worked for 3 years in these outdoor locations) I put tape over the top Vents for the winter to allow the cameras to keep a little of the heat they generate. Must remember to take the tape off in summer or they will probably overheat.6. Low light - excellent . . . MUCH better than the WVC54GCA.WVC80N Cons1. It would be much better if the ftp:// video clips could be set longer than 5 seconds.  The 5 second limit makes sense for emailed clips, but not for ftp. A 10 or 15 second clip would be much more useful.1. The color saturation of WVC80N is not as good as the older cameras. Not a big issue.2. A design defect in the new cameras . . . all 4 cameras bought at two separate times have a definite red hue in the center of the image shifting to green at the perimeter. This is VERY distracting if the image is a winter snow scene. In the summer or indoors the color gradient from center to edge is less noticeable. This color balance gradient was not present on the earlier models.Regarding Setup:You don't need the product CD to setup the cameras. When you plug the camera into your router it gets an address from the router, then connect to the built-in management web page with your browser. Its helpful to download a free IP scanner for finding devices on your home network. Recommend the "Angry IP Scanner V2.21". You will have to tell your anti-virus software to ignore the Angry Scanner because most anti-virus programs complain about most network scanning tools. To get this great little scanner, just search for "download ipscan.exe 2.21". DO NOT GET THE NEW BETA VERSION ON THIS SAME DOWNLOAD PAGE.Regarding Dynamic DNS:If you have multiple cameras or locations you may prefer a "professional" alternative to TZO; register your own domain name at DotYou.com ($10.00/yr) which includes DNS servers that support Dynamic DNS. Then download and buy ($25) the best Dynamic DNS software "DirectUpdate" to update your IP address on the DNS servers at DotYou. (DotYou.com DNS servers and "DirectUpdate" software are compatable) You can try before you buy DirectUpdate.Overall: These are great cameras for the price.  If you are into networking, there are many things you can do with the ftp, email and mobile features.