I had to amend a glowing review after trying out the remote monitoring solutions.  This is still a five star product though.Following the instructions, I think it takes less than five minutes to hook everything up and see two channels of video on the monitor.  In my case, there were three channels because I happened to have a Dahua IP camera sitting around.  Dahua and Q-See are currently the same company so you'd expect compatibility.  A Foscom camera didn't work with the Q-See controller - probably because it is an older Foscom that doesn't support the standard RTSP protocol.  The POE (power over ethernet) camera connections make setting this thing up too easy.A computer browser aimed at port 85 of the control unit brought up a display quite similar to that on the directly connected monitor except that the video frames were dark.  Ignoring the instructions and trying port 554 (the default RTSP port) did not work.  Following the instructions and opening port 85 did work.  Again departing from the instructions, the Chrome browser worked even though it isn't officially supported.  Chrome asked if it should allow quicktime to run, OK chrome, do it.  And that was that.  Any browser that can run quicktime should work.  There are probably other compatible browser plug-ins.  In time, even quicktime won't be needed as browsers will natively support the video encoding.I did not use Internet Explorer because that meant installing an active-x component on the computer.  Huge security risk.  Browser plug-ins are at least somewhat contained, especially if you are not using your computer's admin account.  Active-x components can pretty much do whatever they want to your entire computer.Regardless, it only took a few mouse clicks (six to be exact) to tell the browser interface which video stream to display in which frame.  The picture quality is very good even through Wi-Fi.  I was in love.  So easy to set up and pretty much everything I wanted.  But then, the negatives started to become apparent.  Please note - these negatives are listed here as constructive feedback to Q-See.  This is still a great product and impossible to beat at its price point.The biggest negative is the default user account on the Q-See control unit.  Q-See has a difficult trade-off to make.  An operator, like me, can change the passwords on the admin and user accounts and then lose the passwords.  Many manufacturers leave "back doors" into their systems so that customer support can access the unit to reset passwords and be otherwise helpful.  Q-See is honest enough to not hide the back door.  On the other hand, anyone with the right password can use that back door.  So, the Q-See controller is an unsecured device sitting on your home network.  If you configure the device for remote monitoring then any hacker can access the device, and your network.  Q-See's alternative is to get rid of the back door and thereby make customer support more difficult.The next biggest problem is that it is apparently impossible to monitor the video with a tablet or smart phone.  The Q-See apps are horrible.  I tested both the ipad and the android versions and got neither to work.  An hour messing with the apps is enough to pass judgment.  On the other hand, Q-See has been smart enough to use and support open standards, which is why Chrome-with-Quicktime on the laptop computer worked.  It is only a matter of time before every tablet and smart phone browser also supports those standards.  So, this problem will simply disappear without Q-See's involvement.The final problem I'll list here is that the video frame in the browser froze when I unplugged a camera.  It blacked out on the monitor but froze in the browser.  A frozen display is bad because it looks like everything is OK when in reality someone disabled the camera.  The only hint of a problem is that the clock is also frozen.  Luckily, the clock in each video stream shows seconds and it's very easy to spot a frozen display if you look for it.In summary, this is a great product at its price point but that requires a little more engineering to make perfect.