Samsung SEW-3036WN Wireless Video Baby Monitor Night Vision and Zoom, 3.5 inchWe bought this unit from Target new as a replacement for our Summer Infant Slim & Secure Handheld Color Video Monitor 2.4 GHz Pink Baby Girls that just died while on a trip for my sister's wedding. The Summer Infant unit worked flawlessly for the last two years and just died suddenly at the rental house (looks like the wiring was from the early 1900s). After this, I'm going to be buying a replacement camera as the handheld unit works just fine.Now, back to the SEW-3036WN.Let's get started with the Pros:-2x digital zoom (Summer Infant model didn't have this feature)-decent night vision (Summer Infant was tied here)-large screen 3.5 in. (Larger than the Summer Infant Model)-decent resolution (Better than the Summer Infant Model)-easy user interface (More features than the Summer Infant Model, but can be confusing if you don't use all the features)-simple pairing procedure once you read the manual (Summer Infant's pairing was easier. You just press the button on the back of the camera.)-2-way talk feature(Not that you'll ever use this but to mess with your child. My wife hates when I do this.)Cons:-Loses signal often even at 40 ft from the camera. (To be fair, the Summer Infant also lost signal at this range, but didn't beep. Re-acquired signal easily) We run at least 2 Netflix streams on WiFi @ 2.4GHz. Adding the Samsung to the household now makes some of the computers have to reset their wireless adapters (Disable/Enable in Windows, reboot the PS3) I know you're going to tell me to switch the wireless over to the 5GHz band, but not all computers have WiFi adapters that use the 5GHz band. My Astro A50s use this band already with no issues. Turning off the camera and base removed interference for my WiFi (tested in 2 houses).-Beeps every time it loses connection. This was tested in the vacation house at my sister's wedding, as well as our own home. Unreliable even if close to the camera/transmitter. (The Summer Infant Model doesn't beep. It just shows a small error message and then reconnects.)-Sound is not very clear in comparison to the Summer Infant model.Overall:If you don't have any 2.4GHz devices in the home, and you don't live in a community that uses any other 2.4GHz devices, you should be good with this unit. Test range. Your mileage may vary.If you happen to live in a neighborhood with large amounts of interference from overlapping WiFi networks, Bluetooth, or anything that operates on the 2.4GHz bands, I wouldn't recommend this unit.I'm writing to with two purposes here. One, to help others make informed decisions. And two, to try to get Samsung to make a better Baby Monitor. I'm a big Samsung fan. I've used lots of devices, from their MP3 players to HDTVs and I adore the quality of the brand. And I do say this with all the civility I can muster, "This product is not as good as similar priced models from Summer Infant." No I'm not a Summer Infant salesman or shill, but an owner. (I'm going to be debugging the bad camera to see if I can get it working again - I like the Summer infant model so much...Thank you for reading.