This is a good budget video monitor with poor battery life.  The sound and video quality are good, but I wish the monitor had a video on/off button or switch.Pros:PricePicture quality (including night vision)Sound qualityLightweight monitorCons:Battery lifeLack of a video on/off switchCamera on/off switchDurabilityWe have owned three different models of Summer Infant video baby monitors, so these comments are made based on our experience with those monitors.  This is by no means a full featured monitor that will meet everyone's needs; however, if you can live with its shortcomings it is a good video monitor for the price.We use a sound machine in our baby's room, so the VOX and auto mute features of the monitor are not useful for us.  We tested these features with the sound machine off and they worked as described.  Since VOX does not work, the battery only lasts for 3 to 5 hours because the video is always on.  We usually have the monitor plugged in by late afternoon and it is always plugged in overnight.  If the battery gets low, then the monitor beeps very loudly.There is no on/off switch or button for the video.  Our workaround for that is to turn the night vision camera off by pushing the volume down and contrast down buttons at the same time.  The video is still on, but at least the screen is dark enough for us to sleep at night.  Signal strength is good within the house and we get a signal within 15 feet of the house outside.  Good enough for taking the monitor out into the yard.  We have not had problems with wifi interference.  When put in close proximity with our Summer Infant monitor, the summer infant monitor loses signal.  We cannot keep the two monitors together on the same nightstand.There is an on/off button on the camera.  If the camera loses power for any reason, you have to push the button to turn the camera back on.  With our summer infant monitors, the cameras are always on when plugged in.  After mounting this camera high up on the wall, I can only hope that we won't need to access the camera very often to turn it back on.  My guess is that this will be a rare inconvenience.The video quality is surprisingly good for the price of this monitor.  The night vision quality is also very good (we have the contrast set at the highest level 5).  Not as good as our first Summer Infant monitor purchased in 2010, but still very good.  The sound quality is also very good.  The monitor itself is lightweight.  The construction quality is ok.  I have concerns about whether it could withstand being dropped.  The belt clip that doubles as a stand is made of very thin plastic and seems like it could break very easily.  We don't plan to ever use the belt clip; the monitor is small enough to fit in a coat pocket.We have been using this monitor for less than a month and reliability has been good so far.  Once I woke up in the middle of the night to find the screen covered with green pixels and the sound was not working.  Powering the unit off and back on cleared that up.  A couple of times during the day the monitor has restarted on its own.For the price, this monitor is a good value if the available features meet your needs.