Why we want a camera like this to:- monitor our home as we travel frequently- monitor outside so we can see who is at our front door or creeping around the garage driveway- monitor at nighttime as well as daytimeCameras bought to date - 1Thinking of buying in total - 3 or 4Overall impressions after 18 hours of useSetup - worried that it took my whole network down, otherwise straight forwardGood live feed to both laptop and android appNighttime feed looks goodEmail/FTP of images is quick, almost instantWould I prefer video clips to be used instead of images? Sure, but not a deal killer at the moment. (I use Camtasia to convert to video)See example of medium jpeg quality. [Is this link allowed?)[...]3/14/12I'm writing this during set up mode as I'm waiting for the camera's firmware to be updated.I have a Uverse internet connection with an integrated wireless router.I follow instructions to use the Ethernet cable as opposed to WPS (which I have never used with this Uverse box and I don't want another learning curve)Guess what happens? It takes my whole network down. What device does that? So I have a run around to reset the network. Anyway in the end the camera is connected through wireless, the MyDlink account is created and activated and I can see a picture from the camera. Great! I finish the setup unplug the camera, position it where I want it to be, plug it in, there it is on the network. I go to MyDlink and ... it needs a new version of java. I shut down IE8, Chrome, Firefox and wait for java to install. Done that? Good, lets watch the camera. Open up Firefox, log into MyDlink and ... no picture because it has to update the camera's firmware. Why couldn't it have done this in setup? I dismount the camera, bring it back upstairs, attach the Ethernet cable, I check my router devices, there it is and I click 'update'. 10 minutes later it's still updating.update 3/15/12The first firmware update failed, I took note of the manual link, but tried once more with the auto update and this time it worked.Settings:Even though the 'connect to internet' failed on the initial setup I had no problems setting my email and FTP to receive images.I connected the date/time to the Dlink server, but it is showing Central time, not Central Daylight Savings Time, so all the timestamps are an hour behind.Motion detection. Very sensitive, I'm experimenting with the sensitivity levels. It's good how you can select areas of the camera which can detect motion.Watch through web browser or android app?On the web browser I can zoom, but cannot mute the sound. Here you would have access to all your other cameras which is very convenient.I much prefer the android app (Dlink Lite). You can zoom, mute the sound, watch in full screen. it's very responsive.First camera review,indoors, subject: bearded dragon in it's cage.The camera has what seems to be a decent enough wide angle. For indoors the zoom seems pointless and it appears very pixelated.We used this in both day and night settings. (BTW The dragon sleeps at night, all we saw were the live crickets wondering around the cage. There was no direct lighting, only indirect light from the streetlamp outside and our family room lights.).Next tests:- zero light at night- use outdoors