Tons of features.  I have a 3MP "Hikvision" brand Outdoor IR LED dome camera.  You can spawn cameras in totally separate resizable windows as much as you like.  It started up with motion trigerring already enabled.  It seems to work well.  Someone walks by, the frame of the screen has a momentary thin red frame and it then takes a picture or a video clip.  There seems to be more granular frames per second options although so far I haven't seen that I have gotten them to work.One concern:  Windows 7 Pro task manager reports Blue Iris software is using 59% of my Intel E8400 CPU on my Windows 7 Pro workstation (HP Business class desktop with 4GB of memory).  Yikes!  Those who know about the Intel E8400 CPU will know that -- while it's an older CPU -- it's "no slouch".  The E8400 was one of super good price to performance deals that Intel manufactured, not one of their lemons.I became aware of this because one morning the camera was not responsive and the BlueIris "Help" notes stated (paraphrased) "Most of the time, a CPU pegged at 100% will be the culprit".  So, yeah, I restarted the HikVision camera with the BlueIris "reset" utility and voila, CPU usage back to it's %59 average.  (The modern IP cameras have a tiny Linux OS(Operating System) kernel in them and like any OS need to be restarted for various reasons at times.)It is possible  - I'm not sure yet -- that the fact that I am using the older Intel onboard GPU(i.e. Video) chip is what's causing this high CPU usage.  While the older Intel onboard video chips were known to be poor performers, I suspect this is not the root cause.  I'll have to find a half height "real" (nVidia or ATI) video card to find out.  However after owning dozens of computers and working in the computer business for years, I frankly suspect the Blue Iris software simply uses a LOT of resources.  It would seem unwise to entertain the idea of running this on an Intel "Atom" CPU.  One can hope that as I add other cameras that they will only incrementally add increase of CPU usage overhead.  When the cold snap goes away I will feel like getting up on a ladder and adding a 2nd camera to this Blue Iris/Win7 Pro setup.  Note:  I still have 2GB of RAM (memory) available so that is not my concern.UPDATE 12/15/2013I was on a CCTV forum and they were discussing Blue Iris CPU usage, and experienced people on this forum said that buying a high powered video card will do NOTHING to lower CPU usage.  The video is in 2D and it has to be de-encoded for motion trigger capture, resizing, etc.  The only tips I recall being suggested (on this Blue Iris forum) to mitigate/lower CPU usage is to record DIRECT to disk and also to aggregate the recorded mini-clips into larger/longer recorded blocks of data.  As I am still a beginner with this program and don't fully know all it's features, take this with a grain of salt - it's just stuff I remember reading on a forum.  I * DO * think it's quite possible for two (2) high powered cameras to peg a modern CPU at near 100%.  I basically look at Blue Iris now as a very classy, but resource hog software for surveillance cameras.