Since I love new tech, I thought after reading the description on the D-Link Wireless Day/Night Network Surveillance Camera with mydlink-Enabled, DCS-932L (White) that set-up would be a breeze at 15 minutes.  However, 2 aspects went laboriously long.  This D-Link camera had no problem connecting with my NETGEAR AC1600 Dual Band Wi-Fi Gigabit Router (R6250) with the WPS button.  I put the DLink CD in my PC and chose setup wizard.  Everything set up fine except for email setup so I called my IPS provider to make sure I was entering everything correctly which I was.  The DLink customer service voice answering system said there would be at least a 25 minutes wait; as it was evening, I thought I would wait until morning and hope for shorter wait time.The next morning, the DLink Customer Support said wait time would be in excess of 10 minutes and I thought great BUT a CSR did not come on the phone until an hour plus 10 minutes.  The DLink Customer Support thought it would be easier to just avoid using my ISP email and use my gmail account so we set that up in no time.So now it was set up to email me some still-shot frames every time motion was detected.  I also wanted video to record and in order to do that I had to also download from the DLink website a free camera app for this particular model DCS-932L.  After downloading and installing, every time I clicked on Main Console (the name of the D-link video recording app), it gave me an error message to change my screen resolution.  Following the CSRs advice, we switched around my desktop monitor resolution to various settings but none of them would allow the Main Console to load without the screen resolution error message.  He put me on hold many times to consult with others for over an hour but I figured out how to fix it so their software would load and run on my desktop.  Here is how I fixed it.  Right click on Main Console icon.  Click on properties.  Click on Compatibility.  Scroll to the OS you are using and select.  Check Disable display scaling on high DPI settings.  Click Apply.  Click ok.  Open Main Console software without error message.I like having both the still shot frames from the website and the video recorded through the software.  I found both the website and software kind of clunky and not too intuitive, but I now have very good documents that would stand up in a court of law for surveillance on my property at a very reasonable cost.  I love how technology keeps giving us more options at really reasonable prices.I also downloaded the android DLink app which took a little more time than anticipated because when I searched in the Play Store for DLink app which is what Dlink calls it, I got a selection of things to chose from and had to read the descriptions to figure out the right one for me is currently called DLink Lite.  After signing in with my email and password, it was pretty easy to see live feed whenever I want.I would not hesitate to purchase more of these D-Link Wireless Network Surveillance Cameras and the software as well as mydlink website can handle more cameras.  Now that I got these two setup snaffoos behind me, next time will be a breezy 15minutes or less.  Thank you DLink!