Unfortunately I waited to install these cameras which in retrospect was quite stupid of me. I cannot return them, I'm over the return period. NOTE: I've been an Amazon member and have spent "thousands of dollars" actually I'm a Prime Member. I'm simply taking an educated guess here, however it seems Amazon has come to be perhaps too big. The quality, descriptions, etc. in my experience for the past six months with regard to their "Product Descriptions" has been remarkably inaccurate.I've never written a review before, however with regard to these cameras I can't simply let this slide. The actual night I purchased these the header for the ad stated they were "Indoor/Outdoor" which I kept questioning, but took them for their word. Within literally hours of my purchase the "Indoor/Outdoor" had disappeared from the ad? I did email the seller regarding this fluke although to no surprise I did not receive a response. I was trying to simply avoid the problem before it started. Having not heard back from the seller I actually and stupidly did not attempt to install them until just a couple days ago. Too late.What I can share with you. These do not appear to be "Indoor/Outdoor" cameras what so ever. In my opinion after having to call tech support especially after reading all the glowing reviews with regard to how "Helpful" they are I've come to believe this is a huge, naturally profit driven set of individuals who are obviously being paid per call, per sale with regard to support. I have chosen not to name the support individual who answered my call after 40 minutes of wait time last night as I don't aspire to embarrass him in particular. However it was clear to this man this was about selling more cameras and obtaining glowing reviews. After this individual who I could not understand but maybe every 4th word finished the remote set up, he actually asked in a somewhat expectant manner for me to open my Amazon account. I had to ask him "what did you just say" as I just could not believe he was requiring me to open up my Amazon account to him. When I asked why, he indicated this was for me to write him a good review. When he caught onto the idea I knew what he was up to he backed right off indicating that "most people on Amazon don't know how to write reviews so he was simply helping me" C'mon, I wasn't born yesterday and spent 33 years in sales. This call was a few minutes of totally unexplained support, 45 seconds of attempting to get into my Amazon account, another 45 seconds of making me aware to buy any additional Foscam cameras from him as he would furnish me a discount, and another 30 seconds of making sure I wrote a review mentioning his name in particular. In my opinion this is a very well put together team of salespeople first, and tech support the vehicle being utilized to furnish so many glowing reviews subsequently selling more cameras. I was wary of the glowing reviews, along with the changing description. And I will say it's my opinion this is a fairly well oiled machine sadly pushing a substandard product.As for the cameras, the set up, the ability to get out of them what you want, be very careful. Its apparent to me now all these are really going to do is allow you to open the icon that is labelled "IP Camera Tool" The tool makes you click on an IP address which opens another window for you to see the image the camera is pointed at. Control of the camera is very slow, you are not going to follow a deer running across your yard. I've not really found nor explored how one would go about writing all this to some type of storage, it may have that capacity, however you had better be an IT person. In the rushed set up via tech support you are explained nothing, and understanding the individual I had was impossible therefore I just let him go about his business. Sadly nothing what so ever is explained, nor are you offered any explanation as to why, what, or how. Therefore, providing you simply want to sit at your computer and view a remote image is what your goal is, then purchase one. Other than that I do believe you will find this to be a very accurate review.NOTE: I blame Amazon as much as the team put together to forcefully sell as many of these units as possible. Amazon is perhaps come to be too large a company to review the practices of their sellers. These people are not interested so much in customer satisfaction, but far more in how many units sold. I hope this review is not taken down, or somehow disappears as I think its just as important for the buyer to be aware of the company behind the product as well as the product. My suggestion is pay more, but look elsewhere.