We've not had prior experience with security systems, but we've wanted one for a couple of years,so I was willing to dig & research to get this one installed, (with the help of a good handy-man)When I received the system, I familiarized myself with the contents of the kit, and info on the micro disc.I opened the pdf file and found there to be 85 pages of instructions. I followed as stated, but with no success.I went to defender-usa web-site & phoned the 'Sales Assistance' # in the upper R/H corner,there's a prompt for technical assistance, someone answered, and was very friendly & helpful.He gave guidance for the best way to set up the system,--- (He said, Initially all three items, D.V.R. - Router & T.V. need physically hooked/wired together,go to defender-usa.com/1step, access remote viewing set-up and follow instructions, & once I got that set up,I wouldn't have to have a T.V. or (P.C.) monitor at the D.V.R.) ---So I hung up the phone thinking issues resolved, and followed his instructions, exactly, but with no success.So I phoned again, & happened to get the same fellow, this time he shared with me the fact that"the above instructions work approx 50% of the time"He was nice & patient & guided me through his instructions 5 times, and still nothing.During which time I was gently given the feeling that I must not be doing something right.He ended up having to take over my computer and go through it all again, and he wasn't successful either.During the course of that 1 1/2 hour phone call, he ended up needing to switch ports in the D.V.R.which finally accessed on-line viewing.FEATURES ~ Four Ultra hi-res 600TVL dome cameras - model #21060, indoor/out-door - night vision range, 65 ft. capability.Four Ultra hi-res 600TVL 'anti-vandal' bullet cameras, with 'sun shields' - model #21006, indoor/out-door - night vision range, 100 ft. capability.The design of anti-vandal cameras are supposed to be a plus, and the wires comes out the back so they can't be cut/disabled by an intruderso you must drill through the wall to run wires. (We didn't consider that a plus) Cameras have 60 degree viewing angles.System has Password Protection - Time and date stamp display - Full disc warning -Auto detect video loss alarm -  500GB HDD Storage capacity - Lifetime free tech support.FUNCTIONALITY ~ All eight cameras are displayed on one screen. The images are clear and distinct,with pretty good pictures on the screen, which shows eight-blocks = all eight cameras.NOTE ~ The cameras that come with this system are manual adjustment, video only, no sound.The D.V.R. has capability to support pan - tilt - zoom (PTZ) and sound butyou'll need to get different cameras if you want to utilize those D.V.R.'s features.And two cameras were frozen and won't pivot in their sockets when received, I still need to follow up on that issue.CONSTRUCTION  ~ Weather-resistant aluminum housing.CONCLUSION ~ This product isn't very user friendly, there's a lot of complicated instructions,and the wiring is a labor-intensive installation process, as apposed to wireless.This isn't a walk in the park, one should realize whats involved, not only with this brand, but any hardwired system.Not to be trite, but I want to re-iterate, there's a lot of wires here to hide.TIP ~ There are many things to consider before you buy any security system, mainly, what your needs are,weather your protecting a medium-sized home or office space, which may be as well protected with a wireless system.Or a larger property, where-as hardwired systems are still recommended.If you choose a hardwired system, are you willing to drill into walls?Can you get in your attic or crawl space to run wires?Do you have a plan how to manage the wires if you have a two story home?The cameras for this set are recommended to be from 8 to 13 above ground level.I wouldn't think it's possible to suggest an amount of time needed to install this set, every home will be very different.Hardwired systems really need thoroughly planned out in advance, you won't like destroying your beautiful home.ADDITIONAL INFO ~  For relevant ~ pre-purchase information, Defender's own web-site provides additional informationwhich can be found at, defender-usa, home page, type in search bar each model# found below and then click on specifications.This D.V.R., and both styles of cameras have independent model numbers on their tags in the box.1. D.V.R. ~ model #210132. Dome cameras ~ model #21060, indoor/out-door - night vision range, 65 ft. capability.3. Bullet cameras ~ model #21006, indoor/out-door - night vision range, 100 ft. capability.(For clarification purposes, this 'D.V.R.' is labeled model #21013.A different Defender 'system' here on Amazon with the model #21031 is very similar,except all 8 cameras are the larger Bullet style)IN THE BOX ~DVR model #21013 with 500GB HDD8 Outdoor Security Cameras (4 Dome, 4 Bullet)8 65 ft Extension Cables3 6 ft Power Adapter2 Four-to-One Power SplitterMounting Hardware9 BNC to RCA10 ft RJ-45 Ethernet (to transmit network data between two devices, router and DVR. Cable)Instruction Manual which is found on Software CDUSB MouseIR Remote Controller with batteriesQuick Start GuideWindow Warning stickers