I received the Defender Sentinel 8 Channel Smart Security System from Amazon. Let me state up front that I have never installed a security system before so I hope this information is helpful to those who wonder how difficult it is to set up a DVR and the cameras with little previous knowledge. It's easy to say the setup was easy and everything works, but in my case, there was a steep learning curve. That said, the actual setup is not difficult. A one-sheet quick start shows you how to hook up the cameras and then connect the power supply and finally the cables to your DVR and monitor. What was more problematic was deciding how to set up the system and which monitor to use--a computer or a TV. My computer monitors do not have RCA connectors/plugs, so I either needed an adapter (RCA to VGA) or a VGA splitter with one cable going from the monitor the the computer and the other going from the monitor to the DVR or I could use a DVI to VGA cable since the monitor has a DVI plug and the DVR has a VGA. This works, but I have to switch the output with the monitor buttons so I can go from D-sub (the normal computer screen) to DVI (the DVR screen). I found the monitor buttons did not easily allow the switching. I then considered buying a switch that could be changed manually and quickly. Finally I settled on hooking the DVR to a second TV that's housed in an armoire in the master bedroom. This TV has only one AV input/output so I bought an inexpensive plug (Male to 2 Females) and had no difficulty setting up the DVR. I can access the main menu to change input with the included remote or I can add a manual switch that will change the input instantly. This, as I see it, is the main thing to consider when deciding how to view the camera output. Another solution would be to add a second monitor just for the DVR, but that takes up space.As for setting up the cameras (four dome cameras for the inside and four bullet cameras for outside (they are water-resistant but not waterproof, so you need to mount them where they'll have some protection as in under the eaves), I have only set the outside cameras in place to set up the system. We will install later next month when our painter finishes the exterior. For the purpose of this review, all cameras are working and the clarity is good, both during the day and at night. I will further tweak the system once the outdoor cameras are permanently in place. But here's what I learned: visibility is very good and under most conditions, a trespasser's face could be identified. Since we live in a remote mountainous area on acreage, we were anxious to have some type of monitoring/recording device in place.Defender has several videos to show best areas for camera installation, a five-step hookup guide (that didn't work for me but might for others), and a couple of guides to set up internal and external networks.In all, I spent about four hours watching the tutorials, talking to a Defender technician and my local electronics supplier to make sure I covered all my options. The actual camera hookup took only minutes; running lines through the house's crawl space will be a bit more time-consuming, but overall, this system was easy enough to figure out for a newbie and should be simple for anyone with a better knowledge of electronics and security systems. One negative was figuring out where the User's Manual was located. Go to the www.defender-usa.com site and click on Support, then Download Center. Click on DIY Security Systems and finally click on the 8CH Smart Security DVR - with 8 Ultra Hi-Res Security Cameras & 500GB HDD (Model No. 21031)--sixth from the top. The User's Manual is a pdf file available in English or French. Despite the difficulty of finding the manual, I give the system two thumbs up. While remote access is an added feature of this system, since I don't have a Smartphone, it's not something I can comment on in my review. I like that the 500GB hard drive can hold over two year's of recorded data and that the DVR functions just like a computer with a USB mouse and/or the remote. The One Step Remote Viewing software auto-networks your DVR and is a free download for PC or Mac.The night vision camera feature is accurate for 100 feet.