Well it is time for a review. I have had this system for a couple of months now. When I began my search I was naturally taken by the quality of a wired system. Wireless systems cannot compare to wired systems. Better resolution and better night quality, BUT to say that in my situation where I wanted to use the system having a hardwired system to a DVR was not practical. I also needed a robust camera that would hold up in outdoor weather, which wired systems have, but not too much on the wireless side. They have them, but not in numbers like wired systems. You can get small panning type cloud camera's for indoors that actually have better video quality then the g955. I compared the Lorex wireless systems to this one and they were/are essentially the same. Like comparing a Ford to a Chevy in todays world. Same same. People are passionate for one or the other and say that one is better then the other, but they are almost identical.I bought this camera for a real good deal and for what it is and knowing the video quality of a wireless camera system ahead of time couldn't be more pleased. It does everything as advertised. After really running it through the paces for the last couple of months I bought two more cameras for it through Amazon as they were the cheapest.The screen that comes with it is of course more then just a screen, it is a little computer which you can record live motion as detected by the unit to a simple SD card. Also you can remotely watch your video both LIVE and Pre-recorded on either a laptop, Tablet or smart phone as I have all three and watch them continually when away. I have read some people comment that you cannot watch 'live' video and only pre-recorded video. That is not correct. You can watch live and have the ability to record what you are watching or take a snapshot of what you are watching live, OR you can watch video that was previously recorded. You can also get email alerts when the camera detects motion and starts to record.The video quality is like most if not all outdoor weather proof type cameras at 320x240. Not great, but not bad either. I can see my Raccoons doing their thing in my yard at night or the neighbors cat racing through the yard at night with no problems. Daylight hours a very good and couldn't be more pleased CONSIDERING that I do not have to have a parked DVR and wires running into the house to the cameras etc. IF I was to build a new house I would run wires internally and then would buy a wired system, but this wireless makes it real easy. Not only do I not have to have the monitor in a stationed place at night for instance I can unplug the system and take it up to the bedroom and have it at night there if I want to do that. Totally portable.I have the cameras at all four corners of my house mounted in the eves and have had NO problems with connecting to the monitor whatsoever. No issues there.So considering all of the above there is NO WAY I could not give this thing 5 stars. It has been flawless in operation. I called Uniden one time on camera setup as the camera was new they didn't have the number yet logged in their system to get on line with it.So I hope this might help someone buying a wireless system whether this one or a Lorex or a whatever. DO YOUR HOMEWORK FIRST.