The IP651WI is indeed a solid camera to own. It is well-built, looks nice, and records a very good picture on your computer. It is a bit bigger than I thought it would be and is a little noisy when panning the room, but all-in-all it was a good buy for my first IP camera setup.In terms of installation, if you intend to simply view your camera from your house (i.e. your home network), then the setup is a piece of cake. You connect the camera to your computer and follow the software CD prompts. At the end, they will ask you to click a link that brings you to the web-based display. Make sure you bookmark that link and write down the IP address (i.e. number before the :6500 in the URL). You also have the option of downloading the SecurView software, but that is mainly for multiple camera setups and more advanced options.Please note that the previous paragraph is ONLY for viewing the camera in your own network. If you try entering that same bookmark in your phone in 3G or anywhere away from your network, you won't get a live webpage. If your intention is to check in on your house when you are away, then do the following:Find the no-ip website using a search engine. It is a .com site. Sign up for a free account (I think they call it ManagedDNS currently) and pick whatever address you want. For example, you can take your own email user name and then have a no-ip .org designation after it. Doesn't matter what you choose. Why do you need to do this? Because your cable company doesn't use a fixed IP address. It changes and unless you want to change it manually every single time they change it, then you should do this. This address, called a Dynamic DNS, will now point to your home network IP no matter whether it changes or not.Now, if the Dynamic DNS is working correctly, you should be able to go into your phone's internet browser while on 3G and enter the same bookmarked camera link mentioned before, but instead of the IP address you had in the address before, replace it with your Dynamic DNS address (yes... it is okay that it doesn't look like an IP address). And make sure you don't erase the :6500 in the address either. Just the numbers before that. You now should be in business, BUT if you are not, then there is one more step to take.Log-in to your router and find the port forwarding area. If you don't know how to get into your router, ask Google using the model name and number. You could also ask Google about the .com site portforward. There you can find your router model and follow the directions. Once you are in, make sure that you are forwarding port 6500 (both TCP and UDP) from the original bookmarked IP address. Also make sure that IP address is static in the router. It will probably have a button that says "reserve" or something like that. Each router is different, so providing directions will be meaningless. In 99% of cases, you should be able to see your camera from anywhere now using the original bookmarked address with the DNS address instead of the IP. You can even download iPhone or Android apps (TrendNet's or other ones) to view your camera, rather than having to go through a web browser. The apps will just ask for your IP (use your DNS address), the port (6500), and your credentials. The other 1% of cases are usually software firewalls, router issues, the need to restart everything, etc.Good luck!!!