UPDATE:After 3 months of rock-solid stable and reliable operation, my EasyN camera is now spontaneously rebooting every hour.  Seller CameraTec has said they offer a 1-year warranty (though you're stuck with shipping charges), but I wouldn't assume all sellers here will do the same.  The company (EasyN) has NO US PRESENCE, so they don't offer or honor any warranties for products sold in this country.The only real upgrade from these types of cameras is going with one that does H.264 video compression (instead of just MJPEG) and/or that can act as a DVR, recording up to 2-weeks of video to an internal micro SD card slot, such as the Esky 5900.  Those also have switchable IR filters for more-accurate color, and the IR lights can be shut-off in the settings.  But there are lots of negative reports about MJPEG performance being only 1FPS, and with the price being nearly double, I opted for this camera instead.  Or you can go with one of THESE if you just want the SD DVR function, without networking or pan/tilt, for 20% less than this camera.This camera comes with a much wider-angle lens than my previous IP camera, which is the better choice in most scenarios, and I'm happier to have a larger view.  However, this unit's picture quality is just slightly poorer all-around, and noticeably less sensitive in the dark.Works reliably with Firefox, tinycam on Android (video and audio send/receive), and recording the MJPEG stream with my custom scripts.  The ability to limit maximum frame rate was absent in older firmware, and is an absolutely great feature that saves bandwidth and delivers more consistent timing.  This one isn't crashing at all, after running (and recording) for days, unlike my previous camera that cost twice as much, which would suddenly reset itself every few hours (and a better power supply didn't help).To initially set this camera up, just plug it into your network and power it up.  It will grab an IP address from the DHCP server.  Use a port-scanner (like nmap) to quickly scan your network for just port 81.  Type the IP address of the camera, with ":81" on the end of it, in your web brower address bar.  Default user/password is "admin" and (blank) "".  When creating user accounts, limit the password to 8 characters, an old http-auth issue.  Disable DHCP and type a static IP address.  Click "scan" button a few times until it picks up your WiFi, then select it, chose the encryption and type in your key, then click "set" and unplug the ethernet cable while rebooting, and it should be reachable on WiFi, and you're good to go.  To access it outside of your network, you need to open and forward a port on your router/nat/firewall, and the procedure to do that varies greatly from one manufacturer to the next.If you'd like more control than the web interface gives you, search the web for "ip camera cgi pdf".  There are more settings available than you know.  Most notably, you can set pan/tilt speeds 10X slower, you can set periodic horizontal and/or vertical patrols every few minutes.  etc.