First of all, the Good:- once you get this thing going, it works pretty well!  I can see the cameras in real time!- no issue with Night vision, though not sure if it does 60ft. more likely 30 but no big deal.- customer support is at par with my expectations (am a tech support my self).- motion detect works, but make sure you have updated firmware. tech support can give it to you.the bad- see the reviews of this not being easy to set up? its true! as a tech support guy my self, i disregarded the fact that there were a number of reviews out there saying this is hard to set up. I told myself, "what a bunch of noobs!"  i was so wrong.  they were right! forgive me amazon reviewers, i doubted you!- not sure if its a bad thing but keep in mind that while the network connectivity is wireless, but unlike your laptops or ipads, it has no battery and you would need a nearby power source. so before buying, plan out where you want to put the cameras and make sure you have a power plug nearby. for me, i just used my old extension cords i used last Christmas and it worked perfectly :-)- could not add any more cameras! thats just 4! bummer! i think the limitation is the software of the nvr.- not sure if its another bad, but you can only use IE as it uses activex. unless you can make this microsoft application run in chrome or firefox, good luck!some tips:- before you set it up, watch the online video. watch it twice, do not even think that its easy because it took me a total of 4 hours to set it up. and i am a techie!  dont get me wrong, the actual physical set up is a breeze. setting up the sofware is a challenge. so be prepared. grab a coffee, grab a snicker bar, tuck the children to bed firs.. you will need all the concentration on this one. crack your fingers and be ready for a challenge.-  don't mount the camera's yet until its working for  you and rebooted it atleast 5 times. prior to upgrading the firmware,  i rebooted it (the camera) once, it retained the config.  installed it with ladders and all. power blip happened, lost all connectivity.... frustrating.- inital setup will require that you plug the camera to a network port. so put it all near your computer while setting it up. and yes, grab a coffee or coke...- even before opening the box, call tech support and make sure that they give you the latest firmware update for both the cameras and nvr.  The reason why it took me too long to set it up was because i keep loosing the saved details in the cameras. apparently i just did not have the updated firmware. had i updated it the first time, it would have saved me a lot of time.  once you intially set it up, upgrade the firmware. that should help.- visibility is ok, but night vision captured image might be a challenge to recognize. so i placed one of the cameras in the hallway entrance of my house in that way i can take a good picture on whoever comes in.- when you are all set up, and want to set up motion detect. please make sure that the interval of it taking a screen shot and sending to your email is long enough.  i made a mistake of a 2 second interval for 24 hours and put it into sensitive mode.  the result?  i received 1900 + emails.  even the camera flicker is considered a motion and sends me an email.  there is an option in the camera it self (accessed via IE) to only activate motion detect at certain times of the day.