After looking at (and using) many different remote wireless cameras (including Uniden and Dropcam), I decided I'd take a look at a PTZ (though digital zoom really isn't much of a feature) cameras.  I wanted at least 720p so after my research, I ended up picking up a pair of these over Black Friday.The initial setup is very easy.  I used the WPS option and never plugged the camera into my router or switch.  Trying to avoid using their setup software as long as possible, I found the new IP in my router's settings and then browsed into it using Chrome.  The initial username/password is admin/<blank>.  The first thing I did was look around the live view tab and other settings.  I was disappointed to see that the live view and settings required Java and a plug-in (just for the live view).  I have a spare PC for installing "crap" and installed the required components and immediately pulled up a nice 720p feed that looked well lit even in the dark!  There were plenty of settings here to configure the microSD capture, video/audio quality, motion detection, and presets (focal points so you can have the camera jump to different views).From here, there was nothing indicative of setting up the "cloud" offering so after some Googling, it required either the software setup CD or a utility from the web.  I pulled the utility from the Dlink website and ran it.  Using it, I could setup a Dlink Cloud account and link the camera to it.  PTZ works fine, though the motor is a bit noisy.After that was complete I was able to login to Dlink's cloud cam website and view the camera (though there was little else to do) and control the pan/tilt/night vision.  There were no detailed settings here compared to the ones that were available while directly browsing the camera.  I was quite disappointed that there were no options like scheduling recordings/uploads, etc.To test the mobile capabilities I installed the "myDlink lite" app on my Android phone and tablet.  After logging in, I could see the feed and again, that was about it.  I could do simple camera control, but there were no other settings to be tweaked.I had two of these cameras and since I didn't want them to be uploading to the web constantly (I'm on Uverse/DSL) nor accessible if Dlink is hacked, I wanted to remove them from Dlink's cloud.  You can do this easily from the web interface, however it resets your camera to factory defaults.Not a huge deal, but I had to go through the WPS and then the setup again.Now, I'm just using the direct web interface to view the cameras (works fine on PC, though I'd wish they would do this natively in HTML5 since it supports WebRTC for video/audio).  To view this on mobile, you can browse to them using a mobile browser and it puts you into a simple (and confusing, unlabeled page) page that shows a camera icon (for snapshot) and a 1, 2, 3, or 4.  Those are the different streams based on the advanced configuration (via the direct web interface).  For example, 1 is the high-def (720p) feed that's used while using a PC to browse to the camera directly.  Feed 4 is a very low-res, low-framerate feed for mobile devices.  You can tweak the other feeds as well including codec, bitrate, etc.  I've changed feed 2 to be a higher-res, 15 fps feed that works fine on an iPad's Safari browser.Overall the camera is great and the direct view/settings are great (if you don't mind installing Java and a plugin), but I wish they could do this in HTML5 for plugin-less access on more devices and I wish the Cloud option had more controls including scheduling, bitrates, and presets for PTZ locations.I've only had them for 3 days and so far they've been solid.  I'll update if anything changes drastically either way.