EDIT 1/31/2014 - As user RP has commented below, the OBi will no longer support Google Voice after May of this year. I still love the OBi device and will look into changing to another service (they say these will only cost a couple of dollars per month with one-time fees available) when the time comes and will update this post with the best solution. For more information, look here: [...]------ORIGINAL REVIEW------Let me preface this by saying that I was suspicious of the 30+ solid 5 star reviews. Surely SOMEONE found something to nitpick, right? Anyway, I originally thought I was going to be the one to reduce the average but I'm pleased to say that, for the price, this is easily a 5 star product.In general, there is one major downside to installing your own security system: if someone breaks in, chances are that you are only going to know when you return home. The most competitive feature of these Fortress systems is the ability to call preprogrammed numbers when an alarm is triggered at home. In fact, for this reason, we did not even plug in the siren - when we are on campus, we could easily be home in minutes if there was an alarm.The whole system took about 45 minutes to set up, including the amount of time I spent developing a plan for where to put the various sensors. It's a good idea to put the motion sensors in areas of your home where an intruder is unlikely to avoid. That said, the sensors are already programmed to the base station, so it's really a turn-on-and-go type of deal.Originally I was upset that the auto-dialer would require a home phone line to operate, but I've found a no-monthly-fee solution. This OBi100 VoIP Telephone Adapter and Voice Service Bridge will let you use Google Voice (a free service) to route your alarm system over the internet. We don't even use the OBi to call out or anything - this forty dollar adapter is just for the alarm system. And with no monthly fee, I can be assured that even when we aren't home we always know the house is secure.Lastly, the key fobs are nice because training my roommate to arm and disarm the alarm from the keypad every time would probably not work. The alarm is "tested" every once in a while because we will forget to disarm it and within seconds of opening the door our cell phones will start ringing.I'm looking at upgrading the system at a later date for a couple more motion sensors, but all is well so far!UPDATE 12/5/2013 - I have recently completed the security system install for the house, and I still love this product. If you need more motion sensors or door alarms, I recommend checking out e bay, as you can buy inexpensive (like ten dollar) motion sensors that will easily pair with this system. The only downside is that they are shipped from overseas, so it might take a few weeks to get them. Pretty much any 433mhz security products will work with the FORTRESS system, so simply run a search for "433mhz [window sensor OR motion detector]" and various local or overseas sellers will appear.