First the pros and cons.Pro:Easy to setup.Handy monitor.Good default motion sensor levelsSturdy CamerasGood recording system, with overwrites, sorted by date/time.Reasonably good resolutionReasonably good night visionExcellent rolling record for moving subjectsCons:LOW range. Comes stock with 1-2db antennas, most good systems have 6-9db antennas.No way to upgrade antenna on base.No wifi capabilitiesPoor monitor controls unless you use remote.Requires moving AVI files to PC, then converting to MP4 to render them usable.No internet/IP capabilities whatsoever.No battery backup in DVRNo way to add a second monitor, or expand the systemOverly sensitive 'light' aspect detection to motion (tree shadows, etc)Buggy Quad mode, sometimes switches between cameras for no reasonNOT WATERPROOF! IP01/IP00 rated cameras, don't expect them to last if exposed to the elements!NO granular controls of anything really, such as motion sensitivity, light ranges, etc.NO push capabilities (sending texts/alerts to devices etc)Ultimately this was easy to install, and the SECOND NIGHT it picked up a prowler around our property. I figured we had losers prowling around here, and it was good enough to give to the cops to issue an APB for the guy. For that, it works. But it soon became apparent this system was too limiting for me for the cost. Without ANY capability to monitor from remote, or even in my bed, I felt naked. Without any capability to expand it to extra monitors, or access recordings from the internet I felt pretty blind! Then came issues with false motion detection with no way to adjust it other than some scotch tape over the sensor.. Then came the 'lower' resolution in some cases which made it HARD to identify someone/something. Although these cameras are nice, they simply aren't up to commercial standards - good homeowner stuff, that's it! The last straw was range.. 20 feet away through a couple of walls this thing totally failed to pick up a signal.. Given it's not WIFI and relies on an old 2.4Ghz cordless phone standard, it's NOT going to get range, and you WILL NOT be able to boost that signal!I uninstalled it all and returned it.I elected to go with a Trivision 336W HD camera. Offering high definition resolution, strong 6db antennas, and WiFi. Local+Remote access. Cameras are long range, and super resolution - license plates and faces at 45 feet! Ip66+ rated camera, which is full immersion in water, rock/sand/dirt proof. They are sealed, but to last.Then I added Blue Iris software on an older PC in the home to act as a server. Blue Iris allows 'extreme' customization of all aspects of a camera system. I can 'mask' areas where I don't care, and 'hotspot' areas to be extra diligent about.. I can tweak everything. Further, using this method I can access all cameras anywhere on the planet, from any device on the planet. I can CONTROL them from remote. Blue Iris allows me to 'push' notifications, such as a doorbell to my devices/phones/tablets if someone comes to the door. Remarkable!Monitors? Easy.. I purchased some CHEAP $40 Tablets from Amazon here, with some cheap mounting brackets. One on each floor provides a full control panel, monitoring, and emergency trigger for every floor of the home - all wireless!  A check 7 inch Tablet is the perfect solution in my view. Install Blue Iris Mobile on each tablet, slide them into the brackets in say your bedroom, and by your computer, and you have a full home monitoring system.The system I have in place is 1000x better. BUT it is NOT for people that cannot 'set' things up, or 'tweak'.. Be warned.. If you want a fire and forget 'reasonable' system - then THE DEFENDER is the best one on the market IMO. If you want more, then I recommend the route I ended up going!