You can't beat what you get for the money on these cameras.  The picture quality is excellent.  The fluidity of motion isn't the best, but that can be drastically affected by both your network and internet speed.  Plus, I run them on wireless and I am sure that causes some additional latency - but with that said, the wireless has no problems connecting or staying connected.  The setup of these cameras took me about 1/2 hour each (including mounting but not including electrical).  The software setup is not too cumbersome but it helps to have a basic understanding of what you want to do with these cameras.  Best way to start is by getting into the web interface for the camera, going to Administrator settings and working your way top to bottom (i.e. selections in the left-hand menu).  If you want to use these external to your network, this is possible, but you will need to set a unique network port for each camera and then set up port forwarding on your router (which can complicate things - but it still simple if you know what you are doing).  If you just want a single camera for use within your network, you should have no problems.  Some other thoughts:- Wifi excellent- Picture excellent- PTZ functions - excellent (though response can be lagging and slow speed (which can be based on network latency) but always works).- Nightvision - excellent- Speaker Audio - POOR - probably my biggest complaint about the cam is the mic audio.  Regardless of what device I am using, the reception of outgoing sound from the camera makes this feature unusable.  So if you are looking to buy it for this purpose, this would be the one reason I would tell you to look elsewhere.  It is also a large reason I only give 3 stars for this review.- Mic Audio - Satisfactory - at first, I was very dissppointed in this feature but after doing quite a bit online research I found that with a few tweaks, many issues are corrected.  Out of the packaging and after setup, you will often hear a very loud clicking noise that makes the audio unbearable.  However, if you just move the wireless antennae around, you will soon find a position that eliminates the wifi interference.  There are some sites online that tell you to open up the camera and play with some of the cabling, but I did this on the first camera and found that FOSCAM had already implemented this fix on the newer models of the 8918 so don't waste your time with this unless you are buying from a site other than amazon (since you won't know what manufacturing lot the camera came from)- Web Interface - I find the web interface to be a bit lacking compared to the app that I use for my android phone and tablet.  The web interace lags when used in a mode that displays the video and audio.  It also will not allow you to have access to all features if using a browser that does not support ActiveX (i.e. Firefox or Google).  I find this a little disappointing.  However, it does allow you to group your cameras together under the IP Address of one of the cameras so that you can see all cameras in one screen.  The PTZ works fine in the web interface but it doesn't allow you to access or create presets.  There is an option to allow presets in the admin settings, but best I can tell, this only allows you to create presets for 3rd party apps and then control the camera through them.All in all, the camera does what it is supposed to (aside from speaker audio) and looking at the prices of cameras with similar features you can't beat the price for the quality that you DO get.Things like sensitivity of motion detection will take a little bit of time to get nailed down as the sensitivity you need will depend on where you put the camera and what your expectations are.