Pro:  I think I received a newer version of the manual that is better than some earlier versions that other reviewers seem to have berated.  It reads in excellent English and covers everything as far as I can tell.  I didn't need to go to the on line videos though I briefly checked out one before I got the system.  The one video I saw was excellent.So-So: The motion detectors came with heavy duty batteries which I replaced with alkaline.  Short leads on the terminals made the already hard to snap on terminals a pain (literally,as I didn't want to use pliers)) but could be the battery mfg fault.  Can live with it.Pro:  Response of wireless was great for me.  I have a log house with big laminated beams and the transmissions went thru everything.  Remotes worked great 25ft from house through 6 inch logs.  This is with antennas at minimum (no extension).  Antennas on the remote FOBs could easily break off I would think in a purse or pocket if extended but don't see a need to extend them.Pro:  Motion detectors worked in range and peripheral sight to suit everything I needed. (average sized spaces)Pro:  Support is as good as everyone raves about.  I called and e-mailed about a couple things and response was quick and patient.Pro:  Stuff doesn't seem cheaply made to me except on-off switches on every unit  do seem awfully light duty, will baby them.  Would prefer not to have old style antennas but they probably will be ok and probably a necessary evil since reception is everything with wireless.  Once mounted, the wall unit antenna extensions actually give me a sense of better reception, though not needed so far in my opinion,  maybe with older batteries it may be more important.Pro:  Phone thing works great, and easy to set up  Only a 10 sec message but I think that is because the designers decided to ensure as many of the calls that could go out would go out in the shortest amount of time.  I would have preferred fewer calls but a little longer message option.So, it calls up to six numbers in sequence, delivering the same 10 second message before hanging up and calling the next.  My test got the first call out in about 15 secs and the next immediately after the next 10 secs playback.  (landline to cell phone)  Altogether then I would expect it to get 6 calls out in 70 secs?Pro:  Cut landline alarm pays for the whole thing in my opinion.Pro:  Easy to add devices later.  I bought a 4th motion sensor and except for a minor question figured out how to add it to the already preprogrammed suite of the original kit.  Couldn't get through to my brain the ZONE and ZONE TYPE distinctions.  ZONE TYPE should probably be redefined as DEVICE TIME DELAY or CHARACTERISTIC or something; otherwise I stumbled on that part.  I just refuse to spend more than 1 minute reading any instruction.P.S.  Shouldn't really be part of this review but I also bought a 2nd remote keypad so that I could hide the main panel.  Things not going too well with getting up to speed on that thing.. Instructions are not anywhere as good as this SO2B new manual and I've gone into my Red Green mode with installing it.  I'll eventually figure it out.  Fortress has gotten back to me very nicely on two occasions on this and thought I had it going but I am just not doing something right. We'll get there if I slow down and listen.  Remote FOBs probably preclude the need for the 2nd keypad anyway.Anyway, this system is well worth the money.  NO MORE MONITORING FEES.God Bless everyone.