It does not perform as described, e.g. the quality of the image was minimally passable, zoom was useless at this resolution since so pixelated, will not remote connect without some specific firmware update that does not exist where stated (PDF, or website), the ID number "DID" on mine was not "in their database", "yet"? call or email for further you are told (M-F certain times for Telco Automated system). I've worked as 3rd tier tech support within IT R&D; and knew quickly where this was going, especially w/o immediate access to required software and config files, etc. Mine did not do what it said it would no matter the direction source, PDF, Uniden.com web site, other 3rd party "help" which was simply a review. Moreover, since many folks might start a project endo of week/"weekend", non-24-live support for "stuff" simply not online to download is "bad", as far as I am concerned.Other, in no particular order of issue: - Start up instruction says to,----peel the protective plastic from the Monitor Screen. I could not. It appeared as being under the Frame (the pull tab came off w/o the plastic). Now, this is assuming the plastic is there (?) since hard to tell. Otherwise, the Monitor screen was significantly scratched/appeared used (?). - The infrared override it is supposed to have, if there, is not a function you can control. I wanted to so could put the camera behind glass and use exterior light only. How is it overridden? (Bright direct light? Does not work in my experience). - The overall appearance is as "good", good quality. However, with so many warnings about being Outdoor certified but don't, defeats the purpose for 50% of it's use in my need ----I was OK w/it if Infrared override functioned which did not. Inside use is perfectly suitable quality, however, well, within normal room distances. For me, over 30 feet and you might not be able to recognize a stranger a second time (someone you know, no problem, unknown not likely for me). - The Motion detection, sensitivity settings appeared to be functional and without issue (blocking off grid, and w/3 levels of sensitivity -- "good"). But, a little "gltichy" which seemed to settle down. That disturbed me since no "logic" is involved which means unpredictable for Motion Detection then -- so, for me, "not good". - Moreover, the record feature could really be made functional at 15sec - 30sec or customer timer settings, then 1min . . . since "Motion" initiation would simply continue. So, why then, continue beyond 10, 15 or 30secs after motion stops (2mins was minimum)? It does have a continuous over-right which was "good". But, 40hrs would fill up fast per the supplied card "size".Since I spent a day giving this a fair shot, e.g. trying to find this "firmware" update for remote access, and retrying the "DID" number configuration, and finding out the Infrared could not be overridden ----I returned it. For 3 "C" notes more or less (price), it was still to much money for a kid-yard-monitor. ----However, great (!) for,----that since the Receiver is wireless with battery.If you have a very light security need this is good. If you need a quality image, with immediate function upon install as I did -- well, it did not work for me for how I define these elements. And, if "something bad" did happen, I would be royally annoyed/jammed-up, if I had useless video which just shows "something" happened and nothing more. I would be fully aware of the event without "more" than that.So again, for inside, close image use, e.g. Cash Register over the shoulder -- this works for "me", otherwise, it does not, for me, and not as described, or "implied" description as I read it. I saw all the printed material and "video" and feel mislead a bit. I guess the next jump is to hard-wire and a lot more money. It's truly unfortunate since I believe this "could"/should work if made to do so at this price point. (My cell phones pic/video/audio camera is at least 5x's better and I have an older phone too. That "5x's" is a deliberate attempt to be in the "feel", accurate. I considered that something like this could not be less than an old Blackberry ----but was wrong.)