I gave this camera a 5 out of 5 because I honestly feel these cameras are a great deal for the price I paid which was $35 (each) shipped to my door. Not everyone can afford to shell out a lot of money just to put in a home security system. I purchased two of these VideoSecu IR24S cameras to monitor our driveway after a robbery and I have now had them installed outdoors for about 3 weeks with no issues even through the recent frozen December frost (currently about 25 degrees F at night). I love being able to just glance up at my monitor now 24/7 when I hear something outside rather than running to turn on the porch light and then to a window to see what's going on out there.The video clarity on these VideoSecu IR24S cameras is great for a 420 TVL CCD camera - night or day. I bought two of these cameras to replace the two cameras I had purchased at Harbor Freight made by Bunker Hill Security which were also about $35 each. The video is much more clear than the Harbor Freight cameras and the IR light at night is also much brighter. The night view on the Harbor Freight cameras was basically worthless but these cameras by VideoSecu have a much better picture. I can actually see inside the cab of my car and truck at night if they are parked facing the cameras. It was well worth returning the Harbor Freight cameras after waiting a few days for the VideoSecu cameras to arrive using the free super saver shipping method.I combined two of these cameras with an old outdated computer I had just laying around and two PCI style analog video capture cards I bought off of Amazon and Ebay for about $15 each  to create a very cheap but adequate home security system. My budget to do the whole system including 2 cameras, 2 cables, and 2 video cards was about $120.I currently have two of these VideoSecu IR24S cameras connected to my old Pentium 4 / Windows XP PC tower equipped with the two Hauppauge WinTV PVR-150 (Internal PCI style) video capture cards for video input along with the Blue IRIS security software made by Perspective for motion detection video recording.I paid about $70 for the 2 cameras together and they came with the correct working power supplies.I paid about $18 more for the two 50' power/video cables together (also offered through VideoSecu) that you WILL need to mount this camera anywhere outside.I paid about $30 for the 2 Hauppauge PVR-150  video tuners together (used).PROS:Great picture quality for a $35 analog video style security camera with just 420 TVL.Bright IR lights for night vision mode with just the built-in 24 IR LEDs.Automatically switched to the night vision mode when needed without a dark window in between.Comes with a the power supply and a warning sticker :-).Very easy to mount and install using supplied hardware.CONS:The included mounting bracket is a little lightweight and would not stand up to very much abuse.Did not include the required video cabling needed to install this camera outside.