I purchased an indoor camera from these guys, the 239. It works pretty well and i wanted something for outside. Purchased this camera. Pretty decent specs, the interfaces seem to work well enough for my indoor camera.I had an issue with the camera and the night vision not working automatically like it should. Contacted them March 23 about this, they said it is probably the IR board.March 26 they claim to have sent the parts, i ask for a tracking number to be sure. I didn't want to miss my return window with Amazon and waiting 2 weeks for parts form China that may not fix the issue is a bit risky to me. March 27, I have to email again to ask for tracking info. I was informed "The courier lost the package". The courier pigeon, pretty sure this means it was never sent. Even if it was lost they could still give me tracking info where the carrier would list the package as lost or missing? Now it is the 30th and I still have yet to receive any tracking info for the package they claim to have sent a second time. I ended up contacting Amazon (who are great) and doing a return. I purchased another of the same item, this one the night vision works. I may keep the second camera if the board fixes it. Customer service responds in a timely manner(unless you just need shipping confirmation), just don't expect anything great from their shipping dept. Amazon is the only thing that makes this company work in the states for me.Other than that a few observations.It is larger than i expected. It looks well made and will hopefully stand up the the elements other than my initial issue. It also comes with a 6mm lens. I really wanted something with a larger field of view. Contacted the seller and they will sell a 4mm lens for $30 shipped. I figured since they need to send me replacement parts anyways they would throw a lens in for free, not to mention the fact i got a camera i have to fix on my own. Nope. They reduced the price to $20. So i get to pay for shipping for the replacement part they owe me and i get a $5 lens. Maybe someday I will even get what I paid for?The android app is getting better, you can adjust basic settings with it now. The app still crashes on exit about half the time, and every once and a while if i leave it on a while. Firmware updates are still a mystery. They need a site where they just post it up, even just a FTP site. They zip up all the cameras they make into one file anyways. You have to email them, they had two version out in the last month since i got my indoor camera. Also a change-log wouldn't hurt either. No idea if it is worth upgrading and potentially having new issues. Sometimes if it isn't broke...I will update my review and add a star once the company sends me a tracking number for starters, supposedly they will have one Monday, they must be really hard to get? Then once i get the part maybe I'll add another star, maybe two if it actually fixes the problem? The board doesn't have very many parts, IR LEDs which do work if i manually enable them, two capacitors, a resistor and a photo diode  i think. Could be the photodiode is bad?UPDATE 4/9/2014After more delays i finally got the parts, of course my name wasn't on the package? They send me a USPS tracking # a week before the package is in the states. Oh you want the tracking number for the box the parts are actually in right now? A second tracking number from Asia is sent but only after i asked for it. At first it looked like the IR board worked, let the camera run for a day, next night doesn't work again. Going back to Amazon for sure now. Got the 4mm lens, makes the camera more useful for me. Haven't had any issues with the second unit, hope it stays that way. Customer service is responsive but doesn't have the greatest attitude. The customer doesn't come first. I did finally get parts but courteous isn't the first word i would use to describe my dealing with them, maybe its a cultural thing?. Amazon is great, they did an advanced return on my defective unit no questions asked. Trivision on the other hand wants their stuff first, then they'll take care of you. Wrong attitude if you ask me.