Product is as described. Wireless Performance is good when closest to router but as you get further away the connectivity can fade in and out with less frames per second of video. Fading wireless signal = less frames per second = lost signal = lost ability to capture photos or video if too far from router. Works great when camera is hardwired. Camera must use 120v source. Camera has no battery capabilities.  My router is in the front of my house.  I set up the camera in the back of my house.  The wireless signal will go thru several walls.  The more walls it has to transmit thru the lower the frames per second which means some critical video or pictures can be missed.  Also the signal is sometimes lost for several seconds and the signal will come and go.  Camera works great hardwired to router so if you have several rooms wired with a Cat5 cable TV connection which is the rj45 connections in a room then you could hard wire the camera through the RJ45 wall TV connection and the camera will work fast and have a good video capture rate.  If you don't have RJ45 wall connections then the camera's wireless signal will need to be used.  Also if you do not have the camera hard wired back to the router, having your wireless computer stationed close to the camera will make the camera work better and give a decent video capture rate.  But as soon as you move the wireless computer farther away, then the signal will slow down and possibly not catch all pics or video you may need.Wireless Camera seemed to work ok with wireless signal going through 2 or 3 walls and 50ft from router. But it also worked slower and captured less frames per second vs hard wired camera which gives constant good video.  I also experienced having to take the camera down from its mounted location when I lost the camera signal and I had to take everything back to the router to reprogram it and reset it up to the router again. It had lost its camera settings several times when i was testing the camera after it was set up in wireless mode and being farther away from the router.  After numerous testing I have come to the conclusion that being 50-60ft away from router where I need the camera to be located, I am better off hardwiring the camera to the router.  This insures higher video capture rate and no loss of the camera wireless signal and it also eliminates me having to reset the camera settings with the router which meant I had to take the camera down and hardwire it to the router to fix its settings and for the router to find the camera again.  Now,  if your are close to the router with the camera, say 10-15 ft, I think the wireless mode will work fine.  Also the camera has a pan feature which doesnt seem to allow me to program it to pan left to right.  Still trying to work out some bugs.  I am an engineer and I do not feel the settings menu is very user friendly.  I will say if you follow the instructions, you will get the camera to work but the camera settings and menus could use improvement.  You have to go back to original software to modify some important settings and they should have made the settings more menu friendly and user friendly.  I guess at this point, for the money the camera seems decent.  I was dissapointed that Loftek does not have a support phone # to call.  Only email for support.  That is somewhat bogus.  I rate the product as fair.  A wireless camera should be able to have batteries installed to eliminate the 120v hard wired power requirement. But this one doesn't.  and if you have to hard wire the camera to get decent video and a constant connection then whats the point in buying wireless.  Good luck!