Like everything, there's pro's and con's to any product. After months of research and over 6 different purchases, we decided to stick with this device. The pro's SO outweigh the con's when you actually compare it against its competitors.  Trust me, it's worth the extra money.  Especially if you're a 1st time parent.  Running into the room every 10 minutes, or having incredible anxiety while sleeping is not a way to live.  Actually, it'll be great if we're blessed with a second and possibly third baby since you can have four different cameras hooked up to the parental unit. I wish I could go back in time and return 75% of the products I listed as my "must have" items before our 1st child.  I would have literally saved thousands.  This is one of those products that you reflect on and say "Thank God we bought that".  The only negative is that the battery won't last for days without a charge.  Guess what, they're all very similar when it comes to this. Try not to overcharge it often which will save the battery life, however, you can have the battery replaced easily at a small cost.  We simply plug it in at night when we go to bed and it'll stay on while charging up for the next day.  Turn it off when you're not using it and it'll last 8-10 hours throughout the day. The cameras are fantastic with super clarity, zoom in/out capabilities, ability to talk to your baby from the remote, play an assortment of songs/lullabies, set feeding times, see the room temperature, turn the volume up very loud or down to mute, remotely move the camera up and down and side to side with great visibility, and the night vision is by far the best I researched and seen on the market.  It's also the perfect size which allows you to tuck it in your pocket and takes up little room on the night stand.  I tried the larger screens, but can honestly say that this is the perfect product, hands down.  I can actually see and hear my princess breathing in her crib in the pitch black. I wish I had someone to sit me down and explain what and what not to buy in the beginning. This would be at the top of the list.  Here's some of the other products that my wife and I believe are the "must have" items to purchase in the beginning: A steam bottle warmer(I prefer all of the Dr. Brown's bottles and equipment) but any bottle warmer is huge, contoured changing pad with plenty of cheaper waterproof cloths to lay on top of the changing pad cover(trust me on this one since covers are expensive and you may go through 5+ on any given day, so we bought the American Baby Company Waterproof Sheeting Lap Pads 4 Pack which is super cheap ), velcro swaddle blankets(I love the Halo swaddle me with the velcro strap to keep my escape artist at bay) but the summer infant swaddle me's are great too so get a bunch, Happiest baby on the block DVD(watched this at 4am 3 weeks into having her home and I'm pretty sure it saved my life), Medela freestyle breast pump and hands free bra "worth it's weight in gold" says my wife. We have both the freestyle and the advanced and never use the advanced, diaper genie, baby Ddrops 400 IU, a million zipper onsie's(buttons SUCK), a non-battery operated swing since you'll go broke replacing batteries everyday(we love the Fisher-Price Cradle 'N Swing), large steam cleaner for your bottles, pacifiers, toys ect(The First Years Babypro Sterilizer is awesome), Yoga ball(bounce in front of the TV to entertain them while watching the Baby Einstein DVD's or cartoons), and as many of the orthodontic approved pacifiers as you can get. You can take away the pacifier not the fingers. Hope some of that helps. Not really sure why I just shared all of that but like I stated earlier, I wish someone sat me down in the beginning. Spend the money and purchase this video camera, it's worth every penny.