I live in a decent neighborhood, but the economic times we are living through have made me rethink my security at home. After hearing of breakins and robberies, I decided to install an alarm system and setup a security camera.My acquisition of this Defender wireless security system fit into my plans. It is wireless, so I don't have to run cable from the camera to the base station. The equipment is light weight, so it isn't a chore to physically install it, and the guaranteed lifetime live support was attractive.Installing the system was a snap. You put the camera where you want it, as long as you are somewhat close to an electrical outlet. I have a window over my garage that has a nice view of the front of my house. The camera has a wireless antenna to send video and audio data to the base station.The base station can - and should - be some distance away - up to 100 feet away. I located mine in a corner of my living room, where there would only be one wall between the camera and the receiver. I just plugged the base station in, set the system to record continuously and then, a while later, unplugged the system to see what was captured. The data is stored on an SD card that is supposed to be included in the package - my package was missing the SD card, so I had to supply my own card.I plugged my card into my computer and Windows recognized the video and opened Windows Media Player and ran the video. The image quality stinks. I wasn't expecting Hollywood, but I had trouble recognizing the footage of my wife walking out to the driveway, 25 feet away. It reminded me of the lousy images captured on convenience store hold ups on crime shows. All I could think of was this: if someone robbed my house and this camera captured all of it, what good would this crummy video footage do to identify the bad guys?The missing SD card was bad enough, but when I emailed Defender to find out what larger size card I could install in the base station, my email went unanswered. When I tried to use their Live Chat function on their website, during the listed available hours, it said it wasn't available. When I tried calling them, I was on hold for ten minutes, then got interrupted by an incoming call I had to take. When I called back, my call went straight to voicemail. So much for the lifetime live support.One other issue about storage: The 2gb card that was supposed to come with the unit would only hold a few hours of continuous recording. The default setting on the receiver is to stop recording when the card is full, rendering the system somewhat useless. I tried setting the unit to only record when motion was detected, but the unit failed to detect motion! Honest! I went outside, in full view of the camera and waved at the camera, then came back to check the captured video..... there wasn't any! To override the default settings, you need to plug a monitor into the base, and I don't own any monitors that have RCA-type jacks anymore. Defender's website doesn't show any accessories that would allow me to connect a computer monitor directly to the base station, either. Clearly, even if Defender had included the 2gb SD card in the box, which they didn't, it isn't nearly enough storage to do anyone any good.If the system were as simple to operate as the setup was, we'd have something good to talk about. But the overall quality of the product leaves a lot to be desired.