I have purchased or installed over 50 IP based cameras for my businesses and personal use over the past several years. The price range has been from the $100 range like this Foscam or personal webcams for video chat to the $800+ range (Axis PTZ). For the price, this camera provides good features and functionality but as many others have mentioned, the instruction manual is very poor. Fortunately, since I work in the tech industry, I am familiar with the operational aspects and had only one problem during configuration - the passwords apparently do not work with non-alphanumeric characters.Be careful when setting/changing passwords or you will need to force a reset (by pushing and holding the reset button on the bottom for 15-30 seconds). My suggestion is to first add a new user, set it to administrative rights, set and then TEST the password. Once you are certain it works, DELETE the default Admin account. Remember that this device if configured for WiFi or remote access, it could easily be found and accessed by others. If you are placing this device in your home, you don't want a digital 'peeping tom' using your camera.The documentation is virtually worthless - a note to Foscam: Please have someone rewrite your manual. This will pay for itself with fewer frustrated and much happier customers and would take less than 1 day. For those that have issues, do a web search. These cameras have been sold for 2+ years and there are a number of postings on configuration/setup.As for concerns with clones/knockoffs. Like others mentioned, I also saw comments on the Foscam.US site about this issue. [...]. They list Foscam.US and many others, including this Amazon vendor as authorized resellers. The device I received appears legit and functions well.Limitations of this device: If used for internal/inside use the quality of the images is average and should be fine for most purposes. The colors are a little muted and it has some issues with shadows when bright sunlight comes through a window into the room. Low-light conditions are also average, but do not think that even with IR it is going to give allow you to 'see in the dark'. For this price that just isn't practical.I have also tried pointing this camera through a window to view the outside. I would rate the picture quality as below average in that the colors are very washed out. Green trees/grass appear brown. Overall color distribution is very poor. The camera has 3 modes 50hz, 60hz and 'Outside'. The one you use depends on the ambient light for your target. Only the outside mode will work when pointing it to an outside target in the daytime.The Pan/Tilt works well - there is NOT a zoom on this camera and if there was, it would only be digital in this price range. Digital zoom isn't really a zoom, its a magnification and the quality with low-rez images (this is a low-rez camera) is very poor. If you need zoom capability, you will need something with an optical zoom, which means several hundred dollars. For more info/details, google/bing digital/optical zoom.Bottom line- for the price, the features and functionality as well as quality is above average. This assumes the camera works for at least 12 to 18 months. This is another area where the adage 'you get what you pay for' rings true.