I needed an alarm to alert me to people arriving at my walkway. They're not always seen, or their arrivals heard.I was pleased by the unexpectedly low price of such products, but there are issues. First, the batteries. I used to be able to just buy one battery at a time, but for marketing reasons I suppose, most battery makers now ship batteries in multiples of two. Since this product needs THREE C-sized batteries and ONE 9-volt battery, it's a costly double irritation.I ended up spending as much on batteries as I did for the product. I should mention that the receiver has a jack for a standard AC power adaptor. The requirement is 4.5 volts. No indication of current requirements but I'm confident that 100 mA would be sufficient. Incidentally, the standard type connector is center-positive.The receiver is fairly heavy with all those C-sized batteries. It has a slide-switch with three settings: Off, Alarm Low, and Alarm High.The alarm tone is pulsing and sounds rather like: de-dahhh....de-dahhh...de-dahhh. It's a medium pitch, I'm guessing about 600 Hz.At the lower setting, the volume is about like a doorbell or telephone. Expect to easily hear it from the next room. At the higher volume setting it's more aggressive. Not smoke-alarm loud but more like a loud telephone. It should be discernable throughout a first-floor house.For the hearing impaired, it should be noted that the receiver also has a bank of fairly bright LED's which flash red with the alert tone.One major irritation is that the 9-volt battery compartment is screwed shut. Two screws. A foolish flaw and I predict most people will simply toss the battery cover away. Both the receiver and transmitter have a simple screw mount for wall-hanging. Two wood screws are provided. The mounting hole is shaped like a slotted keyhole. The screw enters the round hole and slides into the slot. You have probably seen the same mount on many wall-clocks. It should be secure enough but there is no provision for tilting the units on either axis. Flat mounting against a wall or post should be anticipatedA door-hinge might make a suitable adjustment gimmick, if desired.One question that I asked previous owners about, is whether or not the unit can "see" through glass. I received several replies. One fellow said yes, another said no. It might have to do with double-glazing or the heat reflecting metalized films, found in many well insulated windows. I went with a sheltered outdoor mounting. The distance between the transmitter and receiver here, is about 75 feet. It looks further. Reception appears to be excellent. I have noticed that the transmitter has a fairly narrow field of view, perhaps 25 degrees.Keep in mind that it does not key on visible light or apparently, passive daylight such as doors opening. It seems to see only body-heat in motion.For my needs it seems to be an ideal solution and I'm quite satisfied with it, but the battery issue is a real pain. Amazon has some great bargains on batteries in bulk purchase but when you only need a few....P.S. A quick update. I did find the current requirement for adaptor operation on a small pamphlet. It's 500 mA. I doubt you need that much, though.