This is my 5th Lorex system. The first one, I broke by carrying around and subsequently dropping. The second one, my babysitter broke and I don't know how. The 3rd AND 4th one - the monitor charger parts broke off entirely too easily. However, Lorex has finally done a decent job. The biggest tip I can give anyone interested in this monitor is DO NOT carry it around or leave it where it might get knocked. It's sensitive and extremely breakable, like carting around a tiny LCD TV.Please don't take my long "con" list the wrong way, I do LOVE this system!! I just like to be thorough.Pros: 1) It worked right out of the box. 2) I can see my daughter when I need to without having to enter her room and risk her seeing me, provoking a "momma momma" screaming fit. 3) There are no weird parts on the charger that will break off. 4) It gives me her room temperature. 5) Night vision is great. 6) It wakes me up when she wakes up in the middle of the night. 7) It tells me when the battery is low. 8) It tells me when the signal is low. 9) It's fun to play with the "talk" button and watch her try to figure out how she can hear me although I'm not there. 10) It gives me peace of mind when I wake up at 2 am and want to look to see if she is still in bed. 12) Pretty great picture.Cons: 1) The charging base is very small, it does not encase the base of the monitor - I hope it doesn't get knocked down. 2) The video monitor screen is small, but bigger than the old Lorex systems. 3) It takes a while to get use to the "alarm" beeping when the camera detects movement or noise, but if you take time to adjust the camera sensitivity, it's much better. 4) It doesn't work from far away, but my house is small so it's a non-issue for me - if you have a 3,000 sq ft house you may not get good reception. 5) Old Lorex cameras will not work with the system, you must purchase Live Sense cameras. 6) It started beeping every 60 seconds and was driving me bananas, there were no troubleshooting tips and I was ready to return it within 24 hours. In frustration, I pushed buttons on the side of the monitor and it suddenly stopped. 7) The Skype & iPhone feature isn't very good. You only get a partial & grainy view, plus you need 2 skype accounts to make it work. Not very intuitive. 8) Learn very well where the buttons are - so you don't accidentally press the button which blasts Brahms Lullaby through the camera at 11 pm and wake your kid up (like I did).In summary... for the price, the good outweighs the bad. Much cheaper than a full security system; if you treat it right, it will last and you will love it too!