It appears as if they thought about everything when designing this baby monitor.  While I just read an article about how many people are using these types of things to spy on their spouses, this seems very legit in its claim to be a baby monitor.  I know Lorex from their security systems; the technologies obviously overlap comfortably and allow them to pull off a great baby monitor.  Here are some of the things I find exceptional:1)  Easy to use.  I was quickly able to figure out 95% of features in a few minutes without picking up the manual.  It might not be quite that easy for everyone, but it won't be difficult.2)  Lots of safety and extra features integrated:  Each camera has a temperature sensor (and an alarm can be set), the stationary camera has a night light, and each has various mounting positions (wall mounting of the pan & tilt camera requires buying a bracket).  Includes cable clips to keep slack from presenting a choking hazard.3)  Each camera functions as a two-way radio, so you can talk to the child (it's half-duplex, so you need to hold a button to speak, and you cannot hear simultaneously) or just listen.  Has an auto mute feature to eliminate background noise except when it senses noise in the area; each camera has adjustable sensitivity, and the monitor will beep (adjustable down to mute) when one of the cameras picks up noise.4)  Reliability.  The range is plenty for my house, and surely for bigger houses as well.  Has a pop-up antenna for better range if needed, and the "CAM" writing changes to red when it misses a beat (all missed "beats" I've experienced have been for a brief moment).5)  Ability to record automatically (according to sound) or manually.6)  Multiple camera set-up and view.  Not only can you set up four cameras, but you can set the monitor to off until sound is heard by one, or you can set it to show each in succession, or you can watch all four (or three or two) at once (without sound).7)  Lullaby music included (see related negative below).8)  Charging station included (see related negative below) and monitor has a fold away stand integrated.  Both cameras and monitors have 5V, 1A chargers included, so you should be able to charge via USB with the correct adapter (search Amazon - I've seen them for under $2) if you happen to have a USB port more conveniently located than a wall outlet.9)  Night vision works well.These things are imperfections:1)  I believe the resolution is 320x240, so it's not nearly like the perfect pictures on the box.  Then again, I never expected it to be.  Records to *.avi and does not use H.264 compression, so the included 1GB SD card can only hold 105-170 minutes of recording depending on activity.  This is where it starts to falter if you want to monitor your home for security purposes, but not necessarily as a baby monitor.2)  I would be afraid making my kid listen to the included music may be construed as torture by some Social Services people.  I assume they picked it because they didn't need copyrights.  There are only four songs and I didn't see any way to overwright them or include my own music.  That would have been great.3)  You should be deliberate when controlling the monitor.  I wouldn't say there's anything wrong with it, it just isn't as responsive to quick button presses as you might expect if you're used to some other electronics that are super responsive.  Not really a negative, just something to get used to.4)  Night light not controllable from the monitor5)  light sensor on the pan & tilt camera is placed in such a way that if you're looking at the ceiling for some reason, you will always be looking in night vision.6)  The charging station is charge only and without enough meat to enable easy operation (button presses) without holding it in place for fear of pushing it off the charging contacts.  Would be nice if it were a little more substantial and included a USB connection to the computer, which would help with number 7, below:7)  Skype feature works, but is less foolproof and robust than a proprietary solution might be.  For Skype, you have to have everything set up ahead of time.  You can only view one monitor and cannot operate any of the other controls.  If Skype would ever start to charge for service...On the other hand, you can probably get this to work with other such services, but I don't think you'll ever get the other features to work remotely short of writing your own program.8)  You can run the fixed camera off 4 AA batteries or an optional battery pack, which is a nice option to have, but the life is said to be 4 hours, which is way too short to be practical in most cases.9)  If you are on quad view, viewing multiple cameras at once, you must switch back to sequential view before you can pick which camera to view indefinitely.  Really only an extra button press, but needless nonetheless.As you can see, all the imperfections are extremely minor.  Enough to remove a star, but this is a very cool system, with all the local features well thought out.  I'd recommend this as a high end baby monitor to just about anyone.Oh yeah, and having a second camera is great, even if you only have one - or no - kids.  You can set it up to see who's knocking on your door, for example, and presumably set it up so the monitor comes on when they knock.  Once the cameras are paired, they work right when you turn them on, so there are lots of opportunities to utilize them.