The Swan SWDVK-825558-US 8-Channel DVR and 8 x 540 TVL Cameras is a great video home security system.  It is packaged in three units, and I believe you can purchase separately. These include the Swan Advanced Security System 8 Channel Digital Video Recorder and two packages of the Swan Pro-510 Security Cameras with IR Cut Filter.The DVR has a 500GB Hard Drive, HDMI cable, power adapter, remote control, software CD, USB mouse, Ethernet cable, Theft Deterrent Stickers and the operating instructions. The box of cameras includes 4 cameras, 4 extension cables (around 60 feet long), 4 wall plugs/screws. 1 power adapter with 4 way power splitter, 4 more security stickers, and the operating manual. (Since I got 8 cameras, there were two of these four pack boxes.) There are also videos to help you set up on the Swann website if you have trouble with setting up from the manual.  The manual is pretty clear, but could be simpler and I think the videos are a nice feature if you can go on-line and watch them. (Note, the videos I watched were for a different model, but close enough.)The cameras are very easy to connect to the DVR and the DVR connects to monitors or television. For best picture, connect to a HD television. A key here is selecting a central place for your DVR and monitor. Because you then have to run the cables to the cameras from this position. (You will also need an outlet for the DVR and an outlet for each set of four cameras.)The most difficult thing for this setup is installing the cameras.  Not that they are that difficult, but you do need to determine where you want to place them, and if you mount them you must use a drill (three holes) and use the mounting screws and anchors (if needed), as well as hiding the cables or securing them out of the way. I have not determined just where I want the cameras and how to run the cables so they are least obtrusive, so mine are not permanently fixed yet.The picture is clear both night and day, and I was surprised at the clarity with the night vision. You can view and record up to all 8 cameras. You can hook the included mouse to the DVR and use it to help you set everything up on the screen of your monitor or TV.There are a variety of features that are explained in the manual and in he on-line videos. You will have to learn to record, playback, search, use the motion detector feature, send e-mail alerts, etc. None of these are that complicated.This system has the capability for remote viewing if you download the app to your smart phone or tablet, but I have not done that, so I can't comment on this feature.Overall, this is a very good video security system for the home or small business. The limitations are only with the length of the camera cables (I'm not sure if they make wireless DVR/Camera systems, but that would be great, but probably much more expensive.) and the size of the hard drive, although 500GB will hold quite a bit. (The box says 15 days of recording, but I have not tried it out to max the hard drive out to test it.) Some homes and small businesses won't need all 8 cameras, but it is nice to have that capability and have the extras in case one breaks or fails.  Very good and fairly easy to set up video security system.