This would be a great product if it worked as advertised. It doesn't work with Windows 8.1 (and I presume 8.0 which has been out for a year and a half now). I'm a web developer in my day job and so am very comfortable with computers though I don't know a lot about the details of networking.The product comes with a CD and as installation proceeds there are fancy animations showing where to plug in the power cable and so on which anyone could have followed with a simple diagram. However, then it abruptly stopped saying it had "error 107" but gave me no clue as to what to do about it. The Help is useless and clearly outdated making references to Internet Explorer 5.5 and - wait for it - Netscape Navigator! After searching around the internet it appeared that the problem was that my wireless router was using WEP encryption and after resetting it to use WAPv2 the installation continued to completion.That didn't mean that it worked though. There are actually two ways to control the camera, either through the installed software, or through a web-based interface. Using the latter I could see the video feed from the camera but getting it to record something when motion is detected requires you to be running an FTP server, or getting it to send an email with a video file attached. I tried to download and install Filezilla and then XLite but I couldn't figure them out. Despite copying and pasting the SMTP server name and port from my email client, I couldn't get it to send emails either.So back to the installed software which wouldn't show the video feed. I eventually gave in and called Customer Service who were excellent and I wish I could give them a separate rating. I expected a long wait on hold but the call was answered almost immediately. The person I spoke with said this product goes straight to Tier 2 level or something and after a short delay she transferred me to Holly who clearly knew her stuff. I told her the problem, she asked me a few questions and then I asked if it wasn't possible for her to share the screen with her. She said yes but it costs $9.99 which was OK with me. Holly appeared to have instructions to keep going as long as necessary as I was on the phone with her and screen sharing for over 90 minutes. She was able to verify that the installed software was not showing the video and nor was the email working. That didn't take long before she asked if I had another computer I could install it on. I do but it runs Windows XP which Microsoft finally cut adrift earlier this month and a giant security problem. I was planning to put Linux on it since I now consider it unsafe but lacking any alternative, I installed the software and it works!!! There are a few odd things: first having recorded some video, it doesn't populate a list of videos which is what the middle panel is for; second, it records in .sef format and you have to change to change the file extension.avi for anything to play it (the DOS command ren *.sef *.avi is your friend here).I did get a popup on the Windows 8 computer (from the router I guess) saying there was a conflict with two devices trying to use the same IP address and we found the tablet couldn't connect to the wifi. Restarting the router fixed that. The installed software has lost contact with the camera a few times though the feed is still visible over the web interface so I'm not sure what is going on there but forcing it to refresh but making a settings change and changing it back seems to work.I bought two cameras, one for the front of the house and one for the back but returned the second one as I'm less concerned about the front and this camera is really too much trouble. One of the reasons I bought it was I had a high opinion of Cisco products and the hardware looks well made but rather than paying the excellent customer service staff, it would be better if they updated the software, not just the minimum of fixing the Windows 8 problem but updating the look and feel which feels so old and better handling situations where things go wrong like error 107.Oh, one more thing, to managed the camera remotely (not important for me), you need a fixed IP address which means you need the services of a company like TZO to keep track of the dynamic IP address your internet service provider gives you. The software knows about TZO but unfortunately TZO was taken over by another company and setting that up failed. If you go to the company's web site there is a prominent link for Cisco customers and you think you are OK but then it says you have to do it from the CD which doesn't work. Somewhere I saw a "Learn more" link which pointed to go.purenetworks.com but that no longer exists. So again, the SOFTWARE NEEDS UPDATING. I suspect most customers don't have the patience that Holly and I did and just send back the opened, unsaleable box.