I purchased 4 Driveway Patrols from Amazon 5 months ago from under Werehouse Deals for $6.99 each because the boxes was crushed a little. Amazon said it was over 90 days and seems my feedback was to late.So I hope this helps someoneFor me to write a Honest opinion, I could not write it in 1 month sorry lol. After receiving them, As usual I had to take one apart to see how it could be waterproof.I was impressed with the design for the cost. Putting it back together I noticed a o-ring {rubber washer} same as on the battery door I coated both with Vaseline for a better seal and extend the life of the rubber.2 was placed in the weather and 2 was placed under cover. The 2 outside I cut a piece of foam plate about 2 inches wider then the Sensor and formed a 45 degree V useing a hair dryer and placed it just above the screw before I placed the Sensor up. That was the only place I saw that might catch water while I had it apart.I have not had a problem out of any of them. I live in S.C. on 2 creek's and the weather is brutal here at times.Wildlife and big falling leaves do set them off but to me that is expected.I use just 2 of the Receivers about 70 ft. apart and at times both don't go off, Which is a good thing, But one or the other always goes off if someone breaks the beam. Day time they pick up father then at night and it depends on where you put them, I have one spot I tried 3 Sensors at, Because it picks up over 100 ft. lolThey change with the weather which I would say is normal.My biggest worry was having to buy batteries, But I went 3 months before having to replace the sensor batteries { 9 volt } Which I think is great, But as with all batteries I purchased rechargeable ones on sale from Amazon because now I can't see doing without my Sensors. You can tell when they are starting to get weak because they don't pick up as well.As far as the Recivers, One I have never had to change the batteries in yet, But I do turn it off on most days and the other one, lol { Not Recommand } I had a 120 volt AC/DC Adapter with output 5 volt, 1 amp as it requires a 4.5 volt output ;) Figured I had 2 more if I burned one up lol Seems to work fine. I need to mention that I took Ind Elec.Eng. in school and did it with precations.On the box it says Range is 400 ft. I can not get over 200 to 250 ft Range, Maybe under other conditions.I'll give you another update on their 1 yr. Anniversary. ;)As far as would I trust my life on them, I do every night.TC & GB  WaynePS If You look close, There's only about 1/4 in. wide opening from top to bottom, behind all that lens, That amazed me lolDriveway Patrol Sensor and Receiver KitDriveway Patrol Sensor and Receiver KitI would like to add also with rain and snow that over time that nothing will last and this is a simple way to help prolong the life of your sensor.Take same foam plate or use a little calking and cut the side or curve out of 20 oz. to 2 liter plastic bottle about 4 or 5 inches long and place it sideways just above the sensor so that the curve comes up and goes over the top of it, I placed my a little behind the top with 2 thumb tacks to hold it in place and again used a hair dryer to form it down a little and this will keep the rain off it without interfearing with the beam, Makes a great lil rain and snow shield. ;)) Enjoy and if I can help or if your have any questions, Please feel free to ask. Sry it was last that nite and I forgot to add that part.HMMMM Think I got sometimers, Not Alzheimer's lol ;))Again  TC $ GB Wayne