Just got my camera yesterday but I've already spent a lot of time looking at it. I'm really pleased with the video quality. I've been looking at everything so far in High Quality mode so I can't speak to the comparison of the other two modes. I may give an update on that later. Everyone at work is impressed with the quality of videoThe motion sensor feature works well but I'm having trouble getting the setting just right on how long it's to record. I selected the 30sec mode which means the camera will start recording upon motion detected (with Motion mode on) and then AFTER no motion is detected any longer the camera records for another 30 secs. So far the longest little segment I see is 17secs. Update: a 2nd tech said "No, the 30 secs means you get 30secs of video after motion is detected then it stops." Well, neither is happening. I get these 10-17 sec short videos created so I'm not getting either a 30sec video or certainly not 30secs after motion is recorded. But, I'm still trying to figure that out.Will be trying out the other record modes (Time range specified and Continuous) to see how those modes do. Update: Just tried continuous mode on a scheduled recording. Set the DVR to record for five minutes (from 9:15-9:20pm) and it worked great! Don't forget, the time is on a 24hr clock!One construction complaint: if you're going to be using the AC power (which worked fine for me) and then want to unplug the AC cord the plug is half way surrounded by part of the case so you're almost forced to pull on the wire to unplug it which is never a good idea.I've also ordered one of those wild life cameras because it has infared and audio. I really don't think the audio is very important and infared is for night videoing.The big plus with the Stealth over the wild life camera is the flexibility of when to record. If you want to protect your business during non-working hours (say from 6pm to 6am) then you simply schedule that in the programming of the Stealth. I haven't seen that feature offered so far in the wild life type cameras but they may offer that as well.Another good feature of the Stealth is being able to set the Motion sensor's threshold. If you DON'T want a certain object's movements to set off the sensor just go to Motion Sensor mode and note the objects movement reading (monitor needed for this) and then set the Stealth's sensitivity to just ABOVE the sensitivity of the unwanted object. Great feature.Last night I accidentally did a continuous record from 11:40 pm to 5:15 am . I got over 950 short video clips created ranging from 9 secs long to a few that went over a minute and one nearly 2 minutes. Space used was roughly 1.2G with most of the video being high quality, 30frames per second. So, I figure I could roughly get another 2 hours of recording for a total of nearly 7 hours worth. The back of the box says you can get 300 days at High quality but you have to note a reference to a note that notes that's given you're using 1frame per second. Not sure if all that adds up given my results but will try to test more.So, I accidentally recorded me sleeping. Would be a great device to study your sleep habits;especially on motion detect as you could quickly tell by the time stamp on review of the video clips how often you move around at night.All-in-all a great product . I would recommend to a friend.