You've undoubtedly read other reviews. I won't bore you with that.  I have played with it for a day now. Here are my impressions that others perhaps have not talked about too much.- The setup is straight forward if you are familiar w/ home network.  Took me less than an hour to have wireless and DynDNS, my iPad and Droid X all set up to go.  By the way, IP Camera View (paid version) is well worth the money for both Android and iPad.- The viewing angle is narrow.  You'd have to back up quite a bit to get a decent view.  But then the limited resolution works against you there.  Plus, a normal size room would not be long enough for you to back away.- The range of panning is quite good.  Almost 360 except for directly behind. However, panning speed (in spite of the improvement from previous version) is painfully slow.  It takes 2 minutes to pan from one end to the other.  That's slower than watch the second hand sweep across the clock!- Software is limited and buggy.  Only IE with Active X will give you full functionality.  Firefox and Chrome will work but without audio and preset positions.  I'll upload a few screen shots soon.  This not only means non-IE browsers wont get sound, any iPad application will not have sound for you either!  (EDIT: Actually, on the IE window there are no way to receive and transmit sound?!  Am I missing it somewhere?  Someone please tell me otherwise!)- Power chord is only 4 feet or so.  Practically useless for any sort of installation except putting it on a table top.  If I keep this unit, I'll have to rig together an extension for it so I can keep the "brick" plug (similar to that of a cell phone charger) away from the visible wall.- Oh, the BIGGEST COMPLAINT I have so far, is that exposure is not automated.  In day light, the sun on the wall and light color furniture blinds out the image.  Your alert snapshots will be useless since you were likely not there to adjust the brightness and contrast for the changing lighting condition throughout the day.  Same thing with IR at night.  You think you have it adjusted nicely, the moment a pet or person comes into view or in front of the camera, it overexposes on the IR and you don't see any details at all.  This is useless as an automated monitor system!!!  I may end up returning it just for this reason alone!- The position presets do not work.  The IE admin panel that sets these simply do not do it.  Is it too much to expect a subsequent software update to fix this?  Dunno.  (EDIT2: this works now with a new unit.)- You cannot put it in "patrol mode" to pan/tilt randomly and then expect to take over control if you see something.  For that, you'd have to change the setting which reboots the camera in 30 seconds, and then be able to take over the movement control.  That's just dumb!!I have not decided to keep this or not.  Will update this post when I do.EDIT: I am returning it.  The low quality picture and the non-self-adjusting brightness/contrast really kills it for me.EDIT2: It turns out the unit I got might have been defective.  I got another one and a few things improved: preset works now, panning speed seems faster now.