I didn't want to spend $225 on a video monitor with zoom, high resolution, etc. All I cared about was being able to see my kid, and for $100 I thought this monitor was worth it. My husband and I have frequently stated, "I wish we had spend that extra $125 to get a decent monitor!"Pros:-You can see your baby, and it is a totally decent view. Never had a problem.-It does have the auto voice and screen turn on, but this turns out to be a con for most people.-Works totally well. No glitching, blackness, etc.If you are on a SUPER tight budget, I would say you should get this for the video monitor. Keep in mind that you will probably have to modify in order to not be driven INSANE! We currently have cotton balls and tape over the speaker, and keep a sock over the screen for the light.Cons:-The volume control is TERRIBLE!! The lowest volume you can put it on is way too loud! I can hear my fridge humming, birds chirping outside, etc. on the lowest volume. Hence the cotton balls muffling the speakers.-There is no way to have the screen off and audio on. That's right. All night long you get to have the screen lighting up your room. Unless you turn it onto the VOX auto shut off setting, but that becomes a problem addressed below. This is why we keep a sock over the screen.-There is a way to keep the screen on, and the audio off unless a noise is made over a certain decibel. There will be silence, then lets say the heater turns on, or your baby makes a coo in their sleep, the audio turns on and due to the loud volume, you hear loud static for however many seconds until it turns back off. This happens day and night, and can sometimes disrupt your sleep with it turning on and off making the auto function almost useless. I'd rather just have the constant static as to not be disrupted.-There is also a setting that mutes the audio and shuts off the screen until sound is made. This would work too, if you couldn't HEAR the screen powering on and off. Kind of like the sound some tv's would make powering up. This woke me up CONSTANTLY. Especially with the screen turning on and off at any little noise.-It interferes with my wifi on the ipad. I can't watch netflix in bed (where we keep the monitor) without it constantly freezing up or not loading. Once I turn monitor off, then netflix plays.-It will randomly beep and say "out of signal coverage!!!" Your monitor wont work, and will continue to beep until you turn it off and on again. This happens at 4am sometimes, when the monitor hasn't been moved all night! Totally random.-Battery life is bad off the charger. It can last a few hours and that's it.As I have said, if you are on a budget, this will work. But you will find yourself annoyed by it constantly. However, if you apply a little tape and a sock it is livable... =]  We are definitely buying a better monitor for the extra money!