I actually purchased two of these based on a Prime deal despite the fact that there were few reviews, to be honest it looked cool and I decided to take a chance on it.  I am an IT guy and my intent is to set up an open source surveillance software package called ZoneMinder built on Linux for home security.  I also like to see what kind of critters are coming in the backyard during the night.  I am no professional when it comes to surveillance so if anyone has some helpful advice/criticism by all means please post.  Shipping and packaging was quality, as for the camera I have had it hooked up for only a day now and I believe as many others state that I have gotten what I paid for.  I did not expect $500 worth of quality from a $75 camera.  The camera housing and mount are very durable, made of actual metal instead cheap plastic.  The BNC and power connectors seem to be of quality as well.  The view is a bit narrow but it has considerable viewing range so it works great for keeping an eye on my lengthy driveway.  As for night time viewing I am having some problems with the image sort of bouncing on the right side but that could also be because of a close wall on the right side of the view.  I did not have the problem when I initially hooked it up to test before mounting; I will make some adjustments and update once I figure out if that is the case.I know some may not necessarily see this as a feature but the camera looks quite intimidating at night when the four IR LEDs are lit up and it is large enough to be a considerable deterrent during the day.  At the moment I have it connected directly to a 40" 1080p HD LCD screen and the image quality seems fair, but I also have the camera connected with a 150' low quality video and power cable which I plan to replace with a shorter and better cable to see if things improve.It is important to note that these cameras require more power than your average 12volt 200-500 milliamp surveillance camera.  You will need at minimum a 12v 1500 milliamp power supply.  I am also speculative that a little more juice may improve the IR image quality at night.  There was very little documentation with the camera, simply a small sheet that provided technical specifications and dimensions.  This was not a problem for me because I am a technical person and an IT professional, however I do not believe it would take much more than common sense for Average Joe/Jill to hook it up aside from the power requirements.  I almost thought I had gotten a bricked camera in the mail until further research in that department. So in closing, thus far I am content with my purchase but time will tell whether I have any problems with these cameras since I have only had them a short period of time.  First impressions show superior craftsmanship for the price paid. I will update this review once I make the aforementioned changes but I can say that for the price I would recommend them to novice users like myself but would not recommend for professional or mission critical applications without further testing IMHO.UPDATE:  So I have had two of these cameras running for a few weeks now with no problems except for a major issue when the night vision kicked on, BUT DON'T STOP READING HERE BECAUSE I WAS ABLE TO RESOLVE THE PROBLEM.  The issue is that when the IR LEDs would light up at night I would get a blue and black scrolling image, I have isolated this to a power issue and poor quality power cable.  Last night I replaced what appears to be wimpy 24 AWG power cable on one camera with a shorter run of 18 AWG power cable and the night vision works flawlessly now.  So spare yourself the wasted money of purchasing a cheap BNC and power cable combo and buy either a higher quality combo with at least 18 AWG power cable or purchase them separately.  I will update once I replace the power cable to the second camera.  At this point I am considering ordering 2 more of these as they have a quality image and held up in almost sub zero temperatures, rain, sleet, and snow thus far.UPDATE: I replaced the power cable to the second camera and it also took care of the issues I was having with night vision.  My suggestion to anyone that is having similar problems with the night vision is to take a voltage meter and check how much power they are getting on the camera end of the power run, if your power supply is at least 12v 2amp and your not getting those readings then you probably need to use a heavier gauge wire like I did to fix the problem.  Don't blame the camera before you check your installation!  At this point I am about to raise my review to five stars but I will give them a few months of summer heat and see what happens.