Overall, I like the system.  I chose 4 star because of its easy to setup and its value, but there is room for improvement.Installation - I have not setup any other DVR security system before.  I was surprised how easy it was to get this running.  I found the system installation was relatively easy, as I can figure things out.  The instruction manual could be more detail.  For example, more detail instruction to connect the only single power plug for the DVR and all cameras would be helpful, but it is not hard to figure it out.  Cameras are sturdy.  You need to drill a bigger hole through the wall to accommodate the coax connector, instead of a small hole for the wire.  I guess that is true for all the analog security system except those IP security system.  I used the camera indoor although I have a camera that covers window that was shooting outside.Operation - I connected only 3 cameras.  Night vision worked well.  There is a flicking sound every time the camera is switched between regular and night vision.  DVR system UI is easy to use for me as I am good with computers, but your mileage may varies.  Not counting the time to run the wires and mount the camera, overall it took a little over 2 hours total to try the different settings to get to my final settings.  I tried a few options in recording and ended up selecting the option to record when the camera detect motion to save Hard drive storage space.  Motion detection worked well on both regular and night recording mode.  As I entered the camera view, the camera started recording.  As I stopped moving around for awhile or get out of the camera view, recording stopped.  Video playback was fine.  The mode that we use is not continuous, so each detected motion seemed to record as a separate file.  This is an analog system, the video image quality is ok.  You can't compare this to recording with 1080p,  Nevertheless, the video quality is ok.  I connected the DVR on the computer network.  Remote viewing is possible on computer using Internet Explorer only with ActiveX control.  No Firefox and Chrome.  Just point to the IP address of the DVR and it worked.  Nothing fancy.  I only tested Internet Explorer viewing within the network.  It worked relatively good.  I just wish they support Chrome or Firefox.  There is a slight delay in live camera view, but this was expected over the network.  I can view live camera view or recorded camera view.To view on the smart phone was more challenging.  There was no detail in the instruction guide came with the system.  I have to go to the company web site to find the installation instruction in the form of a video.  I must say unless you have some knowledge of computer networking (which I happened to have), this would not be easy setup for you.  The setup includes configuring your router to open the IP port to allow for network traffic to communicate with the DVR system.  Important note is that please make sure you specify the DVR IP port for remote viewing.  For some reason, I missed the steps and couldn't get the camera connected to my Android phone in the beginning.  Make sure you configure the DVR settings for the IP port.  Another thing I found was that if you are not using all cameras, make sure you start using camera 1.  For some unknown reason, if I don't use camera 1, I don't get my remote viewing working on the android phone.  I have a Nexus 4 and installed the app from the Play store.  At the end, I got my Nexus 4 connected to the camera and view the live camera view.  There was about 5 seconds delay to view on the phone.  It was pretty cool to view it over the internet.At the end of the day, I got what I need with a good price.