The DCS-5020L is not very small, 5.5" tall and a 4"diameter base. As seen in the photos it has a nonremovable 3.75" stiff antenna and on the back a 12v 1A power port, an Ethernet jack, recessed reset button (paperclip size), and a WPS sync button. Two LEDs on the front indicate WPS and Power.The camera housing itself has a tripod compatible thread on the base and also included is a wall mountable stand for the camera.Setup is fairly easy but not obvious. First I used the WPS push button to add to WiFi, otherwise you will need to connect the Ethernet port, go to the internal webserver using the DHCP address your router assigned to it. But to configure mydlink cloud access you need to go to [...] to configure and add to your mydlink account. Other dlink devices have the mydlink configuration built into the webserver configuration page and since I didn't read the manual at first I was lost for a bit... If you have a dlink zero configuration router, then all of this is much easier, just go to [...] and your camera will be waiting for you. However this site is java based which can be a little tricky on a mac.Image quality is ok with a max resolution of 640x480, 3Mbps, and 30 frames per second. Unfortunately the lens in the camera has a short depth of field which appears to be about 10ft. The camera has a manual focus ring which you will need to set for your environment. If you have close and far objects to cover not all will be in focus as you pan and tilt around. It is also difficult to get the focus set right as there is a significant delay in the live image and the night time mode will switch on with your fingers next to the sensor which is la much softer (less sharp)l and the image will fog up as the IR is reflected off your hand.While the tilt offers a nearly straight up position, if you mount the camera high without the bracket, like sitting it on top of a bookshelf, you will probably be very disappointed in the camera's ability to tilt down. Although the camera can physically handle a 40degree downward angle with no obstruction of the image, the software control only allows the camera to tilt down 20degrees. I was able to work around this by manually rotating the camera ball down after the camera resets its home position on power up, this tricked the camera into thinking that 20degrees down was looking straight ahead and I could then tilt down in software another 20 degrees from that. However on any power outage or if I tilt the camera straight up, the camera recalibrates the range of motion and I lose the ability to look down a full 40degrees until I manually rotate the ball down from the home position again. Note that you will want the base to be completely level or panning will no longer work properly as the up and down angle will change as it rotates.If you mount the camera on the included base upside down on the ceiling the the tilt function would work out just fine. You simply set the image to flipped in the configuration and it changes the up and down directional controls so it all works very naturally.Rotational panning is nearly +- 180 for a nearly 360 degree view, with only about 5 degrees not being able to be reached in the very back, however with a 40degree field of view you can cover the entire area.While the pan and tilt is smooth, the remote control via direct web page, cloud web page, or app is not. You have to press in short bursts which can take a while for wide movements. You can change the amount moved each time you press but that will reduce your ability to stop on a specific point with accuracy. you can also assign set points for one touch movement to specific locations which is the best way to use the remote access control.Audio quality is useable and while the camera itself is fairly quiet (but certainly not stealth) the sound of the motors over the internal mic is quite loud. dlnk should have put in an auto mute when the camera is remotely controlled.The camera has automatic motion and audio sensing but does not track movement on its own. Auto detection can be set to trigger an image or video to email or ftp to a server. Another interesting software program to use for security is D-ViewCam, it doesn't seem to be mentioned anywhere in the documentation or support links, you can read about it here [...] but no link to download, you can get it here [...]MyDlinkLite is the free OS app that is mentioned in the documentation, but again there is a D-ViewCam app available as well.