I am updating this review since I've now had 6 months to use this system. I agree that the value is great and the concept is great.  I was sold on the concept when I bought the system.First month:First, the keychain which connects via the USB to your computer doesn't work and SimpliSafe support blames Apple for their recent Mac update.  They specifically said "it's not our fault" as in it's Apple's fault.  I'm in the software industry, and I can tell you that it is your job SimpliSafe to adjust to the updates even if that's a pain in the butt to do.  If you haven't kept up with the updates then apologize for the inconvenience and tell me your software development team is working on a fix, instead of telling me "it's not our fault!".  The first step in the instructions is the connect the keychain to your computer.  A BIG FAIL.Second, within 48 hours the keypad froze.  The screen froze and was not syncing with monitoring.  The excuse I got was "what wall did you install it to?".  My response "the wall by the door I go in and out the most like instructed".  Then the customer rep says "is it close to a light switch?  If so, it often has this problem, just take the battery out and reboot".  That's your solution?!?  Now, most, if not all, households probably have a light switch nearby the door you enter the house.  So now, I'm told I have to move the keypad away from the light switch which mean away from the door and to an inconvenient location.  Though I was told the light switch is 'probably' the cause but can't be sure so test it for a while and see what happens.  I pointed out there was NO mention of this pretty big fault for the system.  The customer support rep just shrug it off like "oh well" and not even apologized once for my inconvenience and the failure.Third, as if the first two above weren't bad enough, the worst annoyance was the customer rep's attitude and tone.  He interrupted me repeatedly, had absolutely no aptitude for being in customer service, and was downright rude and completely obvious he hated his job and just didn't give a damn how he talked to his customer.So I give it 2 stars (generously) for my first 2 days of my experience with SimpliSafe.  I sincerely hope it gets better.  If my experience becomes better with it, and I hope it does, I'd keep the system and update the review.  If not, I'll return it and downgrade my review further.Fast forward to six month:You get what you pay for.  Again, I liked the concept.  You own the system, you pay low monitoring fee.  Who wants to be stuck with 3-yr commitment with ADT?  (I used to be stuck).  Though SimpliSafe is cheaper overall you only get what you pay for.  The customer service reps are *consistently* far less professional.  Every time I talk with them they lack professionalism, they sound like they hate their job, they don't have the customer service attitude.  Every time I've talked with monitoring people, they have the "I don't know, I'm just work for the monitoring company, I don't know details about your system".  They do not AT ALL come across as people you can trust.  Just so slack.  The DMV treats me better than this.  Now the product itself.  The motion detector isn't what it describes on the website.  The delay from key pad to central unit happens a lot.  Sometimes the system gets stuck and you have to reboot.  It's simply not reliable.  You don't want a security system that's not reliable and works "probably most of the time".  So if you are looking for a reliable product with dependable service, look elsewhere.