I purchased this camera so that, when I went on my first trip away from hubby since his becoming disabled, I would be able to check in any time I wanted from my smartphone. Being able to intervene even though there would be a full time caregiver with him made me feel a lot less guilty about taking the very necessary trip I had planned. I loved the advertised idea that it could pan, zoom and tilt as well as having a conversation via the product.Sadly, it was not to be.I bought and installed it about 10 days in advance of my trip. First off, it doesn't really pan or tilt -- neither does it really zoom. It's all digital so you can't get the same zoom result as with the optical zoom on your camera, for instance. You can move it around, tilt it, hang it on the wall, set it on a dresser -- but I never found a way to alter the view from either my smartphone or from the dropcam website. So that was disappointing...Although it found and linked to our Xfinity wifi/wireless router, the connection was never great or consistent. And on the very morning that I was leaving, I woke up to a solid red-orange light. I checked on the website, read the guide(s) and found that it means it's trying to connect to the router. Or you don't have internet service. Or your router is broken. I tried 2 laptops, a tablet, a desktop and my smartphone and every one of them connected with zero problems. It wasn't our router. It was the dropcam.Here is a summary of the issues I found with the dropcam:1.  Zoom is digital so you can zoom to a particular area on the display, not zoom in on the subject itself.2.  Video is grainy even on the best day so you can't really see facial expressions, which for me was a big deal.3.  The audio is extremely delayed -- probably 3-4 seconds minimum and it was not good audio so hubby rarely understood what was  being communicated to him.4.  The camera (the black part in the center of the metal stand) is made of a plastic housing with whatever components inside -- it gets HOT... REALLY hot.If it were to work, here are the pros that I can imagine being important to buyers/users:1.  Easy setup via a provided cable, a quick account set-up and logging in to the dropcam site.2.  Sturdy stand that can be mounted in multiple ways.3.  Decent smartphone app to interface with unit.4.  Additional interface available at any time via the website.5.  Ability to upgrade to a paid plan that allows archiving of video taken by the dropcam.6.  Night vision feature.7.  Wireless -- plug into any electrical outlet after initial setup and you're good.Needless to say, I disconnected the unit the morning of my travels and, as soon as I returned from my trip, I contacted Amazon and returned it. They refunded my money immediately -- the return process was about as simple as it could be.After reading through many of the reviews on the Dropcam, I'm just not sure it's ready for prime time... I know that, for me, when I needed it most, it failed. I won't be replacing it or trying again. I may see what other types of cameras are available with our Xfinity Home Security and maybe that will be a better solution for us.