I bought this webcam so that my wife can monitor the kids while they are playing out back.  After reading the reviews indicating that it might be a bit difficult to setup, I decided to give it a try anyway since I do have quite a bit of technical know-how.I have to say that I found it relatively easy to configure.  The only problem that I had was that I was trying to set it up while directly connected to a notebook computer after ensuring that the IP address of the network card on the notebook was set to the same domain as the IP camera (i.e. 192.168.0.x).  I was able to change the address on the camera, but was unable to re-connect to it on the new IP domain.  Once I connected the device to my router, I was able to connect to it and complete configuration.  I'm guessing that you might need a crossover ethernet cable if you are trying to configure it while directly connected to a computer.  It's better to just connect it to a switch or a router.The only other challenge came when configuring access to the camera from the Internet.  After implementing all of the necessary port forwarding rules on my router, I realized that I also have to forward ports from my Vonage IP phone device - which is also a router.  So, my network has two routers and the port forwarding had to be configured on both routers.  Once I did this - Bingo, everything worked as expected.It is very nice that this camera comes with its own built in DDNS service.  This is great for those who subscribe to an Internet service provider and do not have a static IP address.I read some reviews indicating that the camera will only work with Firefox.  It actually will work with Internet Explorer and provides more functionality under IE.  The only thing is that you need to download the plug-in (a link for which is provided on the device homepage).The instructions on the provided CD are much more complete than the paper instructions that are provided, so I recommend reading it.The camera provides a number of very useful features.  You don't have to connect it to an alarm system in order to utilize some of the alarm features.  You can configure it to sense motion.  Once configured, you can have snapshots taken and e-mailed to you as well as have the images sent to an FTP server.The camera has a very wide range of movement (horizontally and vertically).  If you install it upside-down, you can even flip the image rightside-up and mirror the image so that it appears correctly in your browser.  The pan and tilt directional buttons work based on your view settings, so you don't get confused about which button to push to make the camera go the way that you want.Some reviews indicated that they don't know where the recorded video goes.  You can check and set where the video is saved by going to the Advanced - Other Settings section of the browser interface for the webcam.The phone remote monitoring support just makes this camera even better.  I was able to access the camera via my iPhone (4) with no problems.All-in-all, I can say with confidence that this webcam is everything that I had hoped for and more.  I am considering getting another one to monitor the other side of my house after seeing all of the capabilities and features of the one that I have installed now.