I bought this to monitor my front door and record/alert when somebody was at the door. I wanted to go back in the DVR to see who was there when I was sleeping (I work nights) and when I didn't feel like going to the door to see who was there (letting them know I was home).Positioning & false Motion Alerts:It's easily positionable to catch my porch area, however the camera doesn't have a feature to "ignore" certain portions of the captured image so as to not always send the constant and numerous false Motion Alerts that I was getting due to traffic on the road/sidewalk. I haven't played with the digital zoom feature to see if that would work to exclude those portions because the image from a CCD of this size is already grainy enough (although the image quality is generally OK). Also, I was getting constant false Motion Alerts due to birds, rabbits, and the occasional cloud shadow moving across the front yard. There were even times when a Motion Alert would come across, and try as I might I couldn't see a darn thing that caused it. For this kind of application, the DVR and Motion Alerts are of limited use.Night Vision:In order to catch the front porch through a window, since the camera is not rated for outdoor usage, the night vision IR emitters are conveniently reflected off the window. Modern windows are designed to keep that type of energy in. This turns the window at night into a mirror, making it absolutely impossible to see anything outside with the IR night vision turned on. With the porch light on, the camera works ok for the immediate vicinity that the light reaches. With the light from street lamps, the camera can barely see shadows and faint images but not any detail worth using to identify people. Once again, for this kind of application the camera has limited utility.The iPhone app works pretty good. Since nearly all of us have our phones on our person/within reach, when I'm home it's nice to take a peak to see who's at the door. When I'm away the app ultimately has limited utility since all the extraneous Motion Alerts at the front door forced me to disable that feature.Where it might work better:As a nanny cam or as an indoor security camera this camera would work ok. It isn't a large camera, but it isn't small either so placing it in a discreet location would work OK in some cases. If you have pets/children the Motion Alert would have very limited applicability. It would work great as a baby monitor and if you used the Motion Alert feature it may even let you know when little Timmy/Tammy was awake. The cloud-based DVR feature, being a for-fee service at $9/month for a single camera ($4.95 for each additional), would have to be something you really need in order to get any benefit from it. For a parent/family the iPhone app would have a few helpful uses I'm sure.Overall for me, this isn't the best solution. If it was outdoor rated or had a protective non reflective bubble to encase it in to protect it from the weather it would be more useful. Also, if I could crop the motion sensing feature to exclude certain parts of the image and decrease the sensitivity of the motion sensing it would work better for me. Since I've already paid $149 for it though I can't very easily drop this cam for something else (pun intended).