I live in the mountains. Have a female neighbor that vandalized my property. My place is worth close to a million bucks. I built an 8 foot tall solid wooden fence between our properties, 200 feet long. I wanted to keep her and her white trash boyfriend away from my fence and property. I put three of these camera's on her side of my fence that is 4 feet on my side of the property line. This was in June of 2011. I also put up some old non working sensor lights and made it look like they were wired up to 12/2 wire. She complained to Sheriff that I was spying on her. He came out to my place and told me I needed to take them down. He looked right at them from like 2 feet away. I told him NO WAY, that I had a right to protect my property from a vandal of which he refused to press charges against for the vandalism because she works for the County Attorney's Office. (yes favoritism). Keep in mind my wife is a retired Deputy from another county and one of my children is a Sheriff's Deputy from a different department also. Long story short here. Sheriff had 3 deputies come out and look at my camera's and take photo's of them. Threatened me with a "felony stalking charge". I told him give it his best shot. He called in State Bureau of Investigation agents to investigate. They came out there on at least three different occasions taking photo's of these three fake camera's. I was laughing my butt off. This went on all summer. The Bureau agent wanted to talk to me after 5 months of investigation. I agreed because I wanted to talk to them. It was an hour and a half of interrogation and he was really biased toward the neighbor. I recorded the entire conversation unknown to the moron. It is legal in my state. He told me he was turning it over to the District Attorney for Prosecution. I said, good luck. In my state there are no laws against surveillance camera's outside and especially on your own property. I then hired a Defense Attorney in order to make sure lies from the Sheriff and Agents and Nieghbor, didn't get me charged. It has been in the hands of the DA now for over a month and I have heard nothing about any charges being filed. I have broken no laws. I have a feeling that two agents, the Sheriff and 3 of his deputies, and the neighbor have major egg on their faces because when I was interrogated I finally fessed up that the camera's are all fake. I even showed one to the idiot agent and boy did he get mad. Ha ha.......So, if you are wondering if these camera's look real enough for you, rest assured that they can fool anyone and they are a great deterrent to crime. This is definitely the short version of the readers digest version.