First, I should say that I got this system almost purely for peace of mind (very handy when you can just buy that). I didn't buy this intending to ID intruders or read license plates. I only came in with the expectation of being able to see human beings, an opposum, and a racoon, that's all.Video quality: For my purposes (see above) it is as good as I expected it to be and does its job well.Camera installation: I'll admit, I'm a bit embarrased to say this but perhaps someone else may not realize this either. I couldn't figure out how to mount this to my roof overhangs outside. None of the cameras came with any instructions. It finally dawned on me that if you take the weather shield off the top, you can screw the mounting base into that now available hole (I know, but in my defense I hadn't slept good in about a week). So, there you go.Network setup: First, I see a lot of people complaining that the network was hard to setup. If you don't know what you're doing, it will be hard to set up. I had no idea how to do all the port forwarding, IP checking, DVR setup, mobile phone setup, etc. So yes, it took me a couple of hours as a networking novice. Now that I've done it and understand how all this networking business works, I could get it setup again in about 1/10th the time.Remote viewing from a PC: Internet Explorer setup was pretty straightforward. Just change the ActiveX controls, remember to check the box on the logon page and you're in.Remote viewing from an Android phone: I used IP Cam Viewer and setup was again pretty straightforward after I came to understand the network lingo.Overall, this system does exactly what I intended it to do and what I bought it for and setup was not a big deal (and as a bonus, I got to learn a lot about networking). Having this system now, it makes me want to upgrade to a 16-channel DVR and add cameras piecewise to my current 8 cameras.Gripe: The IR night view is a little weaker than I hoped. I will probably augment my system by building a couple of 890nm or 940nm IR LED strips to illuminate my exterior walls a bit better. I haven't decided exactly how I'm going to build these light bars yet, or if there is a product already out there that I can hack together to make an IR LED light bar. I'm not really interested in the IR floodlights since I don't have any cams that need to sense a very broad angle. Just a 10ft strip of IR LEDs that all face down. My thought right now is to buy 100 or so SMT LEDs and mount them on a flameproof 10ft piece of plastic connected together by thin tinned copper wire in parallel. I would probably build a custom 1.5V power supply (to be able to omit that voltage divider resistors) with a linear regulator or two in an IP67 enclosure with a built-in photosensor trigger. But if anyone has any other ideas I'd be grateful to hear them.