I have Six of these units around the perimeter of my property and have been using them for up to three years now. During that time I have experimented with placement to get the best balance between false alarms and not picking anything up so here are some tips I have found.Sensor placement;1) Avoid pointing toward rising or setting sun as you might get false alarms in the morning or evening. Also if it is in a place where the shadows of tree leaves moving on the lens will give you false alarms also.2) As most PIR detectors, they are least sensitive to objects moving toward them as opposed to side to side so keep this in mind when you place them.3) I found that a height of 7 feet works well in an open area like a yard or parking spot and 5 feet if you want a small area like doorstep small deck.4) Make sure the sensor is mounted very solid so it will not move. I use the mounting hole and velcro on the back.5) Although I have done it, These units are not sealed enough to just hang out in the weather as water will eventually seep in through the front lens or where the case mates. I run a small bead if silicone around the case joints and along the bottom of the lens area and case to keep the driving rain out and have several that are attached to a telephone pole for two years and are still working. Or you could put it in a birdhouse in the right application.Range of the unit.I consistently get 300 feet or more with these as long as the sensor and reciever are placed well.1) The sensors antena is in the back of the unit so if it is pointing in the direction of your reciever the range will be reduced by almost half in my experience. Side on works ok but if your looking for range beyond 200' you wont get it unless its at 45 degrees or straight on.2) DO NOT mount the unit on anything metal or have metal between the sensor and the reciever otherwise your range will be greatly affected, this goes for the reciever as well.3) The less things that are in the path of the sensor and the reciever the better. I like to put the reciever/s in a window on the same side of the house as the sensor for the best results.4) Battery condition in sensor affects range.Limitations1) come on guys, its a $15.00 unit! , you cant buy a good PIR detector for less than $40.00 let alone wireless and a reciever. It's not human presence detection system. Place the units correctly and it will give you a pretty good idea if someone is around or comes in the driveway.2) Since it relies on changes in the heat signature, it might not pick up a car that was sitting in the sun all day and the same teprature as the the area in front of it. Its pretty good especially if the car drives by the unit not toward it. Its a $5.00 sensor element if that but works well for what it is.3) I have only had one bad unit out of about a dozen so thats not bad but you can get a bad one. Just ensure you go through the tips above before you give up on the unit.4) if you buy multiple units it is hit and miss with the frequency settings which you cant change. You might get 3 units that work with the same reciver or have 1 that only works with its reciver. I have six right now working on two different recievers so one is the front of the house and in the front window and one for the back.I hope this helps anyone with these units out.Cheers.