I purchased this system back in October 2012, when it was the Gold Box special on Amazon.  It was purchased primarily to keep an eye on my front porch (we had some UPS packages stolen) and to track comings-and-going while we're out of town.For what we paid ($200), it's a pretty decent system.  It came with all of the essential parts -- cameras, camera mounts, cables, mounting screws, mouse, power adapter, DVR, etc.  If you're buying this system, I'd recommend that you pick up some quality wood screws (the heads snapped off the ones provided), a BNC-male to RCA-female adapter and long RCA cable (for running the output to a TV), an extension USB cable (so you can use a mouse at the TV, if the DVR is hidden), a few boxes of coax staples (for securing various wires to walls), and a backup power supply (the unit doesn't recover well from power failures).  I also bought an infrared repeater kit, so I could use the remote control at the TV (the DVR is hidden).The DVR has a surprising number of features -- motion activated recording, identifying only certain areas for motion sensitivity (handy if you don't want tree branches setting it off), the ability to access the device from a smartphone or computer running Internet Explorer (all in all, very easy to setup if your router supports UPnP, and Swann provides a free DDNS service), video/camera settings, supports different users, reboot schedules, etc.  The downside is the interface is very clunky and feels like an IT system ca. 1992.  The documentation is also pretty bad: Paragraphs will randomly end in mid sentence, you'll be referred to pages that don't exist, incorrect/inconsistent terminology is used, etc.The cameras work surprisingly well and even though the provided cables were definitely cheap, I didn't have any issues with ground loop interference or broken couplings.  The mounts are cheap but effective.  You'll just want to use your own screws, since the ones provided are incredibly fragile.If you want a kit, with everything provided, this isn't a bad system, especially if you can get it on sale.  Though, to be honest, if I were to do it all over again, I'd probably get a bare bones 8 channel DVR, buy my own hard drive, and then incrementally buy cables and cameras.  In the long run, I think it would be cheaper and easier, since I'll probably wind up upgrading the cameras and using shielded (coax) cables eventually.*****ONE YEAR UPDATE*****The system is still going strong.  I've upgraded two of the cameras to vandal proof domes with a wide angle lens and am much happier.  The cameras that come with the system, in comparison, are like looking through paper towel tubes.  For what I paid, I'm still happy with the purchase.  I did wind up running cat5 to the cameras, instead of the provided cables in order to future proof myself.  If/when this DVR dies, I'll probably go the digital route.For what this system costs now, if you're not planning on using all of the available channels right away, anyways...  Do yourself a favor and buy a higher quality DVR and one or two nice cameras, and then gradually install new cameras.  The all-in-one kits are handy but IMO, aren't really worth it when you factor in the cheap cameras, cables, and mounts.