I've had this for a 5 weeks now and went to collect the pic.s off it for the first time. So that others know what to expect I'll try and be complete in my description.  1st: The first thing that jumped out at me was the excellent picture quality both night and day. There seems to be a specific time of day when the camera can't figure out if it should be in night mode yet or not and so a few of the pictures it took were very dark. (not a critical issue in my opinion but it did cost it 1/2 a star)  2nd: The range and focus were impressive. I had a red tail hawk that spent 4 days hunting and in general posing in front of my camera. He perched on a limb just 12 inches in front of the camera and the detail on him was excellent. Both day and night shots of the deer both close up and at 35/40ish yards was also excellent. Moving or standing still it didn't matter.  3rd: Battery life: This is what cost the rating a full star. Again to be fair I've got the camera set to it's highest sensitivity and set to take cluster shots of 5 at a time so these do have an impact on battery life. BUT the camera took 325 pictures from 5/19 to 6/21 at these setting. When I arrived to swap out the memory card it was at 50% remaining battery life. These were four brand new out of the box D copper top Duracell's. Given how far you hunting grounds are from where you live and how accessible the area may be then this is something that can be a big deal. As hunting season gets closer I'm going to have to be very careful with this issue. I don't want my prey to become skidish because of numerous trips into my hunting area. I don't know if my expectations are a high but I thought I would get at least 3 months of battery life and 800 to 1000 pictures.  Lastly: Over all the construction and setup was easy and I was pleased with everything else about the trail camera making it worth the price. Good luck with yours.  3 1/2 stars is what I would have ultimately given this trail cam.Update 8-1-13: After several more trips and checking the cam I have found that battery life has increased enough to warrant the return of the half star it lost. The unit charges the internal battery off the first set of D cell batteries you install. Once this is accomplished the battery drain has seemed to slow.  Additionally, a friend of mine purchased the same cam and has set it to video and loves it. Understand, the area he hunts is just a few hundred yards from his back door though so battery life isn't an issue for him. He transfers the video to his Iphone using "pineapple" conversion program(I have an Android) and has brought them to work to share. They are really nice videos.