I chose this system because it was advertised as being compatible with the existing wired sensors we had. There wasn't much info on doing this, so I will pass on what I learned. If you don't know much about electricity you may not want to try this.My wife was against a wireless system because she didn't want the wireless sensors hanging on our doors. Sensors on windows can be hidden by curtains, but they were just too noticeable on our doors. We had already ditched our worthless alarm monitoring company, and still had the system in place with nicely-hidden wired sensors already on the doors.I originally bought the $199 S02-B system from Amazon, but it arrived used. The sensors had obviously been taped in place somewhere, then removed. Many of the batteries were dead and the manual was underlined and scribbled on everywhere. I figure someone paid for a used system and got my brand-new system from Amazon by mistake. I returned the S02-B, and bought the smaller S02-A from Amazon.Mike from Fortress was really helpful. He apologized for the used system, even though it was Amazon's fault. He also provided useful info on hooking up  to the wired sensors. The installation manual from Fortress was helpful, as was a manual I downloaded from the PiSector website--they are essentially the same system.I took the old alarm system board out of our utility/electronics cabinets in our master suite closet. Using a battery-powered continuity tester I determined which wire went to which sensor. I just connected the leads to each two-strand wire and had my wife open and close doors until I had the sensors mapped out.As Mike told me, hooking the wired sensors to the S02-A was plug and play. The D-BUS bar provides 12-volt power for the sensors--I measured it at 11.4 volts, close enough. Using red and black 18-guage speaker wire  and some small, gray wire nuts, I connected the sensor wires to the positive and common terminals on D-BUS bar.When I switched the system on, it immediately recognized the wired sensors, and assigned them zone numbers starting with 9, such as 90, 91, 92, etc. We tested the sensors, and they worked perfectly.I only worked with door sensors, not the old motion detector. Since the wired zones started with 9, I don't believe they can be programmed to turn off when the system is in home mode. I  would also have to figure out how to connect all four wires to the D-BUS. For an extra $25 bucks I just kept things simple and bought a third motion sensor from Fortress.I did figure out how to connect my old wired siren to the S02. I didn't like the siren provided by Fortress because it had a short cord, and would have to be located very close to the alarm console. I figured that would just lead someone to the console so they could smash it. The old wired siren was located in another part of the house.The siren hooks up to the console using a mono 3.5mm plug. I purchased a 3.5mm mono cable from Radio Shack for five bucks, cut it in half, connected it to the old siren wires, and plugged it in. I didn't want to cut up the new siren to use the mono plug, and the cable from RS was much beefier and easier to work with anyway. Set off the alarm and the wired siren worked great.I purchased the black wireless siren from Fortress to make extra noise in our garage.  Worked great, but had one drawback. I couldn't hear the old wired siren from the driveway, so I couldn't hear the chirps telling me the alarm was set or disabled. Unfortunately, the wireless siren does not make those chirps, it only makes noise if the alarm goes off. Oh well. It would be nice if Fortress added a wireless status light to the kits so we can tell if the system is on or off.If I had to do it all over again, I would have bought another of the S02-B systems. But the time I purchased the S02-A, an extra siren, key fob and wireless sensor, I had spent more than $200. But that two hundred bucks  would only cover five months of our crappy monitoring service, so we came out way ahead.