My first impression upon unboxing was that HT-IP212 (outdoor waterproof version) was beautiful. The aluminum case is shiny and heavy duty.  Feel somewhat heavy due to its profession build.  It comes with a taller than usual high-gain antenna.I used the IPCamera.exe setup tool from hootoo.com website without touching the enclosed installation CD. I first connected it to my home router using an Ethernet cable and attached the camera antenna. The IPCamera.exe software immediately found the camera on the LAN. Right clicking within the software on the camera (named  initially by factory as "Anonymous") shows some menus. Using one menu I changed the LAN IP to the fixed IP number 191.168.1.236 that I wanted (so that it is close to the IP numbers of my other Hootoo IP cameras).  I also set the port to 8091 because my other camera has 8085, 8086... In Google Chrome, I typed in 192.168.1.236:8091 to access web configuration.  Within the web interface, I set all the other parameters including WiFi connection password, smtp.gmail.com account information and camera alias, etc. Motion detection parameters can be set right there.  It is nice that you can choose to receive an e-mail to inform you that the camera just rebooted and together with its WAN IP number. DNS server is built in, but I never bothered to use it because my RoadRuner modem IP has not changed for years even during electricity outages.  The e-mail notification of WAN IP will help if my IP ever changes.  I then unplugged the Ethernet cable. Using the IPCamera.exe tool, you will find the camera running WiFi. Use the indicated IP:port to access the camera. The setup process is pretty much the same as other Hootoo IP cameras and other similar IP cameras from many other vendors.  I use Android's IP Cam Viewer app to view all of my IP cameras. One interesting observation is that the HT-IP212 camera (with all aluminum casing) does not seem to interfere with my remote control of the garage door opener at all, unlike IP cameras with plastic casing. A huge plus for me. Not a surprise though because people have suggested wrapping a camera's plastic casing with tin foil to reduce radio waves coming out the plastic camera (even when wired connection is used rather than WIFi).I put an Android phone running IP Webcam and a PT IP camera side by side with HT-IP212. The camera views had a shaded area and a bright area (farther away). HT-IP212 definitely controlled light exposure better. The other two cameras overexposed and the farther away area was too bright and not clear. I also noticed that HT-IP212 seems to have a slight telescopic view.  It has a larger view on the far away area. I think it is designed that way. Instead of a 3.6 mm lens like many  startup IP cameras, HT-IP212 has a 6 mm lens.  I really like this camera. It watches my driveway for me.This camera's obvious drawback is that you cannot be remotely pan and tilt via software like the plastic indoor models. This is by design. For the price point, I could desire this kind of expensive functions. Even more expensive ones don't do that. Like all outdoor cameras, I would not expose it directly under the sun or let the lens see the sun to prolong the lifespan. I didn't test the waterproof ability because I shelter it. I want to keep it for years to come.