I received the camera last week and had it up an running in 15 minutes.I've since configured it to run on our wireless network and configured it to be accessible over the internet.  I've also successfully setup the FTP and e-mail service to be used in conjunction with motion detection.  I had troubles configuring the e-mail service to work with my gmail account and had to use my Comcast POP3 account instead.The built in web-interface is pretty easy to figure out and mostly works on my iPod Touch.  The manual pan and tilt controls don't work on the iPod Touch and sound is only available if you use Internet Explorer as it requires ActiveX.  The automatic pan and tilt buttons do work on the iPod Touch.  The video quality leaves a little something to be desired, but this isn't meant to be used for web-conferencing or video chat and the spec of 0.3 mega-pixels pretty much tells that story.  Sound quality is what you'd expect from a device of this nature.  The night vision function is great, but not completely discrete as you will see the the LEDs glowing red when it's active.  The pan and tilt functions work very nicely and allow you to set the sensitivity to quickly zip back and forth or slowly pan around.  There is a scan function (I think it's called "Patrol"), which is nice except I haven't figured out how to set hard-stops so sometimes it's scanning the wall behind it.  If you have the sound enabled, the pan and tilt motors make a bit of noise through the interface, but you can't hear them if you're actually next to the camera.  The translation of the PDF manual on the mini-CD to English makes for some good chuckles, but you can get by.  I was unable to get it to work with ZoneMinder, which is an NVR software package for Ubuntu, but that's not a knock on the camera... just an observation for anyone who knows what I'm talking about.The bottom line is that you will be hard pressed to find a camera with these kinds of features for this kind of price.  Cameras with these types of features are normally 3X or more.  I bought this one from "loftk" and my only concern is that the stickers on the box and camera were standard mailing address label stickers that were clearly placed over some other labeling.  There are apparently a lot of knock-off Foscams out there and even though this could be one of them, it works fine.  Foscam will only support cameras you buy directly from them, but they charge 50% more.  Either way, I'm considering buying another Foscam... or Foscam knock-off.[UPDATE Mar 2, 2011]I was able to get both cameras (I have two now) to work with ZoneMinder.  The trick was that ZM can't handle 640x480 (at least not from Foscams) so both ZM, and the camera, have to be set to 320x240.On a side note, I was also able to get both cameras to work with iCam by SKJM.  The iCamSource server is running on a Windows box and the iCam app for my iPod Touch allows me to see the cameras wherever I have internet.  The trick with iCam is using the correct address ([..]) in the iCamSource software, where the items in caps would be replaced by your own information.  Don't enter in the username and password into the actual username and password fields on the iCamSource software.