I bought this unit on October 11, 2012 from Homesafe. I mounted it outside, under the roof of a carport and facing my driveway. The range seems to be only about 30 feet, which is far less than what was advertised but works great for me because it didn't respond to traffic on my street beyond the end of my driveway. That kept false alarms to a minimum; they only occurred a few times over a 7-month period (using the alarm perhaps 10 hours per week on average) when deer or ground squirrels walked within range of the sensor.The alarm on the receiver is plenty loud when set to the High setting (I can actually hear it sound when I'm on a different floor in my two-story house). The 9-volt battery for the outdoor unit (the transmitter and motion sensor) lasted for four months before it needed replacing, great performance considering this spanned the autumn and winter months in Central Oregon (where it regularly gets down to the teens and twenties and can get down to below zero on occasion during the winter). This leads me to conclude that the system is very efficient in its power usage.Unfortunately, the system stopped working a few days ago. I replaced the three C batteries for the receiver and the 9-volt battery for the motion sensor/transmitter, but the alarm still doesn't sound when I walk directly in front of the sensor. The LED for the motion sensor still lights when it detects motion, and the alarm still sounds when I turn the receiver on, so the sensor and speaker are evidently still good. I suspect the receiver's chip has died.Aside from the premature failure, this is a good unit that I would recommend to anyone who needs a driveway alarm with very limited sensor range. Other reviewers have noted better range, so manufacturing tolerances are evidently at work here, and your mileage may vary.Postscript: I ordered a replacement system by the same name ("Driveway Alert System") from True Power. What I received was slightly different from what I"d received before (same form factor, but different switch configuration), perhaps an updated version. It worked intermittently for 24 hours, after which time it consistently failed to work: The sensor's LED would light when a person or car crossed its beam path from only several feet away, but the alarm wouldn't sound even with the receiver only 40 feet away with a clear line of sight (no walls or windows obstructing the signal path) and no RF-producing equipment within at least 30 feet. To their credit, True Power sent a replacement without requiring me to return the defective unit.Postscript: The replacement system failed also. It worked twice, then consistently failed to trigger thereafter. I replaced batteries in both units, but that didn't help. Both sets of batteries for both sets of units -- transmitter and receiver --  were fresh/new EverReady Gold batteries with expiration dates in 2018. So I can categorically rule out that spent batteries are the problem. Also, once the system failed (after two successful alarms), it would not trigger no matter how close together I had the transmitter and receiver. Whether placed indoors or outdoors (far away from the house and from any potential RF; there is no above-ground telephone or electrical wiring on streets in my development), the two units would not trigger even when they were literally less than one foot away from each other and when walking directly in front of the sensor from less than two feet away (in all cases, the sensor's red LED would light, but the receiver wouldn't respond).Postscript 7/17/13: True Power refunded my money, including shipping, for the defective units. They maintained they could not get the returned units to fail in operation, so the units' failure on my end is a mystery (especially because I've since bought a different brand/model of driveway alarm, and it has consistently worked reliably from the start). True Power's customer service and communication were excellent. I would do business with them again.