I started out looking at higher end POE cameras but have a friend with a Zmodo analog system who suggested I try this.  Will say that the POE cameras are nice and after 6 weeks they seem to be holding up fine.  However, the NVR and the documentation with both the cameras and NVR are pathetic.  Even on the Zmodo boards forum it seems to be the blind leading the blind and there are far more questions than there are answers about this system.  The motion detection in the cameras seems to work OK and emailing snapshots directly from the cameras works great.  With 4 cameras on high setting using the adjustable grids in the camera setting I received 200+ emails in one day from all of the cameras.  I bought a WD AV 1TB AV drive for the NVR and the recording however is hit and miss.  It seems that if I reboot the NVR it will record momentarily then stop or record at random times.  The settings in the NVR are very confusing and here are some of the questions that I am trying to find answers too:The NVR has a "video plan" that allows you to set start and stop times for scheduling, motion, etc however it doesn't seem to work or interface with the cameras so I am wondering if the camera settings overide the NVR or does the NVR setting override the camera settings. In ZViewer you can't adjust the individual channels beneath the NVR so how does the system interpret the camera settings?  You can right click on the individual cameras and adjust all of the settings but it still doesn't record motion.  A reasonably thorough description of the NVR/camera interface process would answer many of the questions that most people would have.  Some of my unanswered questions after 6 weeks are:The NVR has a motion detection under the motion alarm configuration tab but have tried all combinations of the 4 different channels with the little checkbox both checked and unchecked and still doesn't record motion.What is the "loop video" checkbox do?  Does it record one motion detections session right after another or does it replay it over and over?Frequently I get a "core dump" message in ZViewer that asks me if I want to save the log file. Ignore it and I can still see the cameras, click no and it closes the application. (ZViewer has a lot more problems that I will not mention here)Can see recorded video (when it decides to record) from ZViewer but when I log into the web interface and search for the file why does the video not show up?  Can select the day and time down to the second but do you have to select the very second that the video starts being recorded to find it?  Why not select the day and time then show all video recorded after that time for that day?  Never have been able to find a recorded file via the web interface despite it showing up in ZViewer.I have a lot more questions that could be answered by some decent documentation.  For all the settings that show up both in ZViewer and the web interface I would give the completeness of the documentation that comes with the system an F.  It is almost as though they tell you to plug this in here and there and once you can see the picture you are left to try to figure the rest out yourself.  If they would just spend some time making sure that the documentation is excellent and that the NVR to camera process actually works it might be a good system.  I do like the cameras but as far as I know you cannot order the cameras individually.  I called Zmodo and asked if I could order the 1080p system listed on their website but was told that it isn't available for sale yet. That makes me wonder if the other high end cameras listed in the professional section of their website aren't just there for window dressing.I've dealt with computers and networks for a long time and while I can easily sit in my living room and see what is happening outside via ZSight or an IP address, the lack of documentation and seemingly poor NVR operation would prevent me from purchasing another of these.