"Wow" is all I'm left saying after the latest response from Levana's customer service department regarding a series of problems I have had with this product.Let me start from the beginning.  I registered for this monitor for my baby shower, and received it from one of my best friends.  For about a year, it was great.  We had no problems, and loved the 'voice-activation' feature (which was why we chose this product over others) and being able to check in on our baby without disturbing her.  I even recommended it to friends who were in the process of registering for their showers.The problems started when our daughter was 11 months old.  The monitor would no longer hold a charge, and after some investigation, it appeared that the pin in the monitor had broken off.  I called Levana, and first they tried to tell me that since I had the monitor for over a year (the shower was a couple months before I gave birth, and my friend bought the monitor a few weeks before the shower), the warranty was not valid, but I was welcome to purchase a new product from their website.  I called and explained the situation again, that although the monitor had been purchased over a year ago, we hadn't even been using it for a year, and I would be happy to send them our daughter's birth certificate if that would be of any help.  They then tried to tell me that even if it was within the year, this was not a manufacturer's defect, so it wouldn't be covered.  I then told them that the problem was INSIDE the monitor-- what kind of defect would that be classified as?  Finally, I threatened to leave a negative review on Amazon, and all of a sudden my wish was granted and they sent a new monitor.  (By the way, the new monitor had a modified charger which would prevent the pin from breaking-- so this was a problem they knew about but still tried to tell me it was not a manufacturing defect).All's good, right?  Wrong-- we get the new monitor, set it up, turn it on and there is an AWFUL high pitched noise coming from the monitor (the part with the video?  That you would have on your nightstand when sleeping at night?).  I immediately contacted Levana again and told them of this problem.  They told me to try re-linking it, this didn't work, then they continued to stall, answering other questions I had but not addressing this HUGE problem, or altogether ignoring my calls and emails.  I finally contacted them again this morning, and I got an almost immediate reply.  I thought to myself, "Yay!  We finally will be able to use the monitor again!"-- NOPE!  Their reply was that this was an environmental problem due to interference with some other electronics we have in our home, and that they have discontinued this model, so they wouldn't be able to do anything anyway, but I was welcome to upgrade (for $150) to a newer model.  NONE of this response makes any sense:1) I already had this monitor in our home and we did not experience the high pitched noise- so how is this an environmental problem?2) If the model is discontinued, then why is it still for sale from Levana through Amazon? (Buyer beware-- if they are no longer replacing defective products, not a good idea to buy!!)3) WHY ON EARTH would I purchase another Levana product after this horrible experience?I deeply regret those recommendations I gave to friends to but this product.  I have never written a negative review before, but this kind of 'customer service' really rubbed me the wrong way.BUYER BEWARE!!!!