We used to have a Summer Infant monitor, but when the touch screen broke and it was stuck in the zoomed in view, we decided to get another one. All the reviews on this product were decent. The thing that attracted us most to this product was the fact that you can remotely view the monitor from your smart phone (i.e. from work, school, wherever there's a digital signal), and that you can even take pictures of your baby. I also appreciated that the product says that you receive the video on your computer. And I liked the idea that it can play white noise to help your baby sleep. My Summer Infant had a decent video quality, so I figured that since I'm paying more, and plus the advertisement makes it seem that way, I am sure I would get a much better video than what I was getting with the Summer Infant. I was sold. So this is what I found when I got the product.THE GOODSet up was fairly easy. Just plug in all the products and plug in your ethernet cable into the base and you're up and running in a few short minutes. I appreciate being able to see what temperature the room is, so I can know whether or not I need to go in a cover my baby with a blanket or just leave things the way they are. I love the remote viewing. The iPhone app was free, and set up took a little bit of figuring out, but once that got going, we were ready. The trick is to have everything plugged in and the ethernet cable plugged in so that you can pair your phone to your monitor. Since the camera is over my baby's bed, the only time remote viewing comes in handy is when my baby is napping while I'm away. So it's nice that I get to see my baby sleeping while I'm away.THE BADThe video quality is disappointing at best. The picture on my monitor looks NOTHING like what the company advertises. I was under the impression that the picture quality would be amazing, or at least better than the Summer Infant. Sorry, it didn't happen. The camera lens on the monitor is probably a 1 mega pixel camera, at best. The video feed is choppy, it lags and frequently has blackouts for about a second.Even more disappointing than the video quality is the remote viewing. You experience the lag and choppy video quality most when watching from your smart phone or tablet. The video constantly blacks out about every ten seconds. My home wi-fi is fine, and my work wi-fi is fine. Both wi-fi networks are great, so why is my video quality so choppy? The only reason is the monitor itself. I could be at home, and the video quality will still be choppy and black out.The sound quality is terrible. On the Summer Infant, the sound quality can be compared to being outside the room with the door closed. The Lorex sounds like a big cardboard box placed in front of a loud speaker. The sound quality is obnoxious. It's so bad that we don't even bother using the sound.The white noise was a disaster. We tried to get it to work, but all it does is scroll through the different sounds. The monitor plays each sound for about five seconds and then moves on. My baby can sleep through the rain, but not the waves.Hope this helps you in your decision-making process. $200 is a lot to spend on something that is just ok at best.