We purchased this monitor as a modern alternative to the angelcare video monitor we had from about 5 years ago. All I can say is if you like vibrating plastic on your end table and lack of reception beyond a 20' radius, this is the monitor for you.1st, if the volume is at 0 and the alarm is put into the "off" position on this, it constantly starts vibrating at the slightest noise made by the baby. Baby burps, 4 rousing vibrations to wake you from a dead sleep. This is when it is in the off position. Off should mean off. But in this case off means there will not be a shrieking alarm from the hand set. Just vibrations that make you think you are trying to sleep though a moderate earthquake or low earth atmospheric meteor strike. Eventually you get used to it. My dreams now always have a black hawk helicopter hovering over me releasing sound in 4 ominous vibrations.2nd, the range is fantastically horrible. My 3 year old can throw a 1986  Pontiac Fiero further than the range on this bad larry. Sometimes when I turn it on in my hallway, where I am one foot away from the monitor, it reads no signal. I am literally within one foot of the base camera and I have no range. I do not have lead paint in my house. I stripped the walls and fed the paint chips to my first two daughters and the dog. The dog is no longer with us. I had to shoot him because he barked every time this thing vibrated. But maybe the paint chips made him edgy. And yes, the monitor did vibrate after I shot him, but then it lost signal.3rd, Temperature gauge is off, by about 10 degrees. I have central heat. It is 70 degrees in my house. It is not 89 degrees in my daughter's bedroom. The monitor must be picking up temperature readings from where it was cast in the dark calloused hands of the fallen angel Satan. I am sure he takes great pride in this Korean relic of parental anxiety. Between this and my mother's mental issues, all I can say is "Thanks a lot Obama". I tried throwing it away. Later that evening I heard 4 vibrations outside my window. It was Obama riding on the back of 7 headed dragon Satan. He said he had something of mine. He threw the monitor at me. I asked him how he knew it was mine. He said because it had no signal, but if it did it would be 89 degrees in my daughter's room. Well played POTUS, well played.4th, Demon baby night vision eyes. I don't know if its just me, but I don't like correlating my child's night vision supervision with the same raccoon eyes seen in "A night in Paris". It's just weird. It's your kid, not a deer, so put down the deer camera. I was a little bit freaked by the night vision on our first baby monitor, but the definition on this one is eerie. That is when I can get a signal, which is even more of an eerie event. I am constantly looking for other glowing eyes in the room, like Obama's or Satan's.Samsung makes a great television. They should leave baby monitoring to others who don't have the dark lord creating their product and Obama sponsoring it. Thanks a lot Obama.