Updated 5/21/13 - I received a call from the Defender customer service department on a work around. The instructions provided was not clear on this so I will explain for future customers here. I haven't tried this yet and will do so tonight.DVR: Systems - Users section - this is where you will find you admin section of internal/external logins through web browsers and on the DVR. The main Admin account is noted here. Changing and adding users and passwords only changes your login when accessing through PC/Mac systems or via the DVR this does not change the Mobile access when using a phone or tablet device and 3rd party apps.DVR: Network - Mobile - Users - this is where the customer service rep noted we must go to change and add users for mobile access. The users added here are for the access via apps like ASee, IP Cam Viewer Lite, etc.The max user issue could be from the use of multiple devices on the same login.Original review below:Hi I finally installed my cameras from my purchase last year and was successfully able to port forward and view external/internal IP address. The way the system works remotely can be difficult esp for people who are not IT people. I am able to get the Safari to work on my mac with a program install to view the cameras internally. This interface is great. However; on the IE of a Windows 8 PC I am still unable to get the active X to install the necessary software because it says not signed signature so Windows continues to block it even when I have changed my security settings in IE. You cannot use any other browsers to view them remotely.My major issue is the max user message where I am unable to view many of the channels if I have different devices using the same login through various 3rd party apps even though none of the devices use them simultaneously (The app that works best is with ASee for the Iphone/Ipad etc.) I am unable to get any of the users I created to work from the DVR hoping it would resolve the max user issue where camera feed is not displayed.I tried creating multiple users with passwords but none of the logins/passwords work even though I've reset and rebooted the DVR multiple times after I saved the new user data. It's even showing in the system but none of them work.My second issue is with the admin login, I am unable to change from the default password, the system doesn't like it nor do the passwords I changed work when I tried using them and logging in remotely to view.Any assistance from their tech support would be appreciated would be greatly appreciated. I bought this last summer but have not found any firmware to update. Their contact links on their website were not working when I sent the request it just says page not found after I hit send. The "network" sections of their website from the instructions do not exist anymore and I am unable to use that for any other help.The only good thing about this kit is the cameras are pretty decent and good at night. the drawback is the noisy IR filters which constantly turns on and off.I think the only other minor issue is the software is a bit glitchy and not that user friendly especially with the playback interface. Although the remote login from a PC/MAC is not too bad.I have mine set to  motion and am not easily able to find the motion detection events and recordings I set in place remotely and is only slightly easier when you actually go to the DVR to look.The lens are also not that wide in range as well and I may have to switch out a few for different cameras in the low 3mm range that offers a wider area of coverage IE front of the house, front door etc.