I bought this 3 pack here in amazon.com and I am pretty impressed with the physical product. I have had them for a couple of weeks now and this is what I've learned.The packing and the design are great. For the amount of features these cameras have, I would have expected to pay much more. These cameras work great in well lit rooms but are completely useless in dimly lit rooms, also the Airvision software is designed for use by programmers (or in my opinion, the Linux crowd). I hear the Airvision software is based on Zone Minder, which is open source.I ended up buying the Blue Iris software after I read about people mentioning how easy it was to use. One thing I'll say about Blue Iris is, that for recording in Xvid format (which I've found to be the best compromise between quality/size/readability) it is VERY resource consuming. To record from 3 cameras simultaneously at the maximum resolution @ 30fps will bring a Quad Core AMD CPU @ 3.3Ghz to its knees. I don't believe the Airvision software shares this problem unless you enable motion detection (which I have disabled, since I have enough storage to record 24/7 anyway). Another thing I really like about the cameras is that they do not need PoE splitters. Coming from the older Panasonic VGA IP cameras that use PoE splitters after the power injectors, they are a definite improvement.I found the video quality these cameras put out to be heavily compressed and very soft. My older panasonic VGA IP cams can put out sharper images than these. The motion in the videos is very smooth if you record at 30fps. But the videos are NOT sharp at all. Too soft for head shots of people if you're running security in a store. This is at best comparable to 480p quality (on any decent IP cam) in good lighting conditions. In dimly-lit rooms people are unrecognizable at 10 feet away, the motion is still smooth as butter but their faces are completely unrecognizable due to the heavy compression.Bottom line is; I really like the cameras because of their price, but the software they bundle with it is mediocre and very difficult to understand and use (for someone not familiar with Linux, macros and scripts). I'll be waiting for the PRO line which I hear is due sometime this fall which will record in FULL HD and have IR.UPDATE: One thing that may help others that I neglected to mention in my initial review is, that when I first received this cameras a couple of them were out of focus. This cameras use a fix lens, but they use a spring loaded mechanism inside the lens cap to adjust the focus. I had to unscrew the plastic lens cap and manually tighten or loosen the camera lens with my fingers (easy if you have small hands) to get it to focus correctly. Not a big deal, but if you think the image looks too washed out it may be because the lens is out of focus.Lastly, after buying several licenses of Blue Iris and installing it on different workstations I've concluded that if you're are going to build a PC for exclusive use of video recording station, GET an INTEL i5 or i7 CPU. The difference in performance between a quad core i7 2700k for example and an AMD 3870APU is shocking. I had 4 of these cameras recording @ 10fps, 720P and 2 more recording @ 5fps, 720p for a total of 6, with motion detection on all 6 cameras. When all 6 were recording simultaneously the CPU usage would be between 70%-80% on the AMD system and that's without any playback going on. On the intel system I had all 6 cameras recording @ 10fps and the CPU usage will hover between 8%-10% leaving plenty of resources for remote playback and local playback, without the live recordings skipping frames.