Having experienced a break-in, this is the main question.  The camera seems "real" enough.  Also, as an added deterrent, I put the "beware of camera surveillance" self-adhesive 2"x3" decal (one included with each camera) at the front and back house windows where I installed my 2 cameras underneath the house eaves.  I believe the cameras will be more effective, and plan to supplement these decals, with larger yard signs warning of surveillance that are available on Amazon.  Time may tell, but judging the cameras' effectiveness will at best be an inexact science.  Note that the round screw knob (visible above the camera) which you turn and tighten to adjust the position of the camera (angle) is flimsy plastic that doesn't hold too well, and I was afraid to tighten it too much against the ball joint lest it break or become unusable (i.e. the plastic thread is stripped).  Also, if you have insufficient clearance or lack an adequate supporting surface between the top or side of the eave and where/how you want to screw the base of the camera and "hang" it, you may have to (like me) install the camera upside down (which may detract from its "authenticity").  What is shown in the product picture is the "ideal" installation position, which of course will not always be the situation you will face.  You will also need to consider placing it high enough or in a place where it is "tamper-proof" or "tamper-resistant".As mentioned in other reviews, there is just a cut off wire coming out of the back of the camera that you have to do "something" with to prevent it from just dangling in space, so I just drilled a small hole in the plastic base, inserted the wire through the front and knotted it from the back underneath the base where it is not visible.  It looks OK.  If this camera came with a blinking red light, like found on some of the other fake cameras (available and reviewed on Amazon) that I considered, it would be a real hassle trying to periodically replace the batteries, especially from the positions mine are in.  A blinking red light may make a camera more visible at night (for the deterrent benefit of crooks) but you would need to weigh that against how often you'd like to (remember to) get up on a ladder to change the batteries (this light will also be blinking during the day, when it is less or hardly visible and draining the battery).  Overall, for those, including me, who are unwilling or unable to go with a real home security system, I give this camera 4 stars for looking "real", its price, and relative ease of installation.  Minus one star for the issues I raised above.Nov. 2012 - adding a follow-up comment.  The "beware of camera surveillance" self-adhesive 2"x3" decal (one included with each camera) I put at the front and back house windows where I installed my 2 cameras underneath the house eaves started to fade in only about 2 months and are now totally faded, illegible and therefore useless.  Don't bother sticking these to any window, as it doesn't matter whether the stickers are in direct sunlight or not, they will fade, and you will wind up having to take/scrape them off.