This product is not up to Bushnell's high standards. I will be returning it tomorrow.Problems:1. The motion sensor only triggers at a range of twenty feet or less. I tested this with sensitivity first set to "Auto," and then later to "High." The ambient temperature was 62 degrees; there was a very slight breeze, and the camera was pointed into a level, open clearing. I walked across the field of view at various distances, and was only able to get reliable triggering at fifteen feet. I got no triggering whatsoever beyond twenty feet.This is unacceptable and renders the product useless for its intended purpose. I had been warned by one long-time user of trail cameras that Bushnell cameras are known for poor sensitivity, but I liked the feature set and trusted the Bushnell name and therefore purchased the product anyway.2. The still picture quality is horrible. Bushnell advertises the number of pixels as "8 megapixels" but that specification contains an inherent promise that the sensor and lens system can actually resolve details to that level. In fact, it is clear that the sensor is capable of resolving far less detail than that, and all the camera is doing is "up-resing" from a cheap, low-pixel sensor.3. The video image is most definitely NOT HD. I am in the video business, and have been taking still photos, movies, and now videos since the 1950s. I know what HD video can look like and work with cameras as varied as prosumer Sony camcorders to cell phones to Hero HD cameras. The video produced by this camera is the worst video I have seen from any source since the original cell phone videos ten years ago.It may be 1280x720, but it is NOT HD!!4. The battery holder does not hold the batteries in place unless you fill it with all eight batteries. If you only use four batteries, any slight bump will cause the batteries to pop out sideways, rendering the camera inoperative.I tried a variety of different battery types, including fresh alkaline and lithium batteries, but that didn't make any difference at all. I also read the entire manual, and changed every relevant menu setting.Update (November 19, 2013):I purchased a Moultrie M-990i. I tested its trigger range in the exact same location as my test with the Bushnell camera. Instead of no triggering beyond 20 feet, the Moultrie triggered to 70 feet and beyond. The only variable, other than the camera that might have affected this was the time of day: the temperature was almost exactly the same, but it was a little earlier in the day, just before noon.The picture quality on the Moultrie in 4MP mode (I haven't yet been able to get a 10 MP picture) is as good (perhaps a little better) than the Bushnell. If I can get the 10MP mode to work, I'm expecting the quality to be better. The Moultrie case is smaller and better camouflaged. The downside to the Moultrie is that it cannot take still pictures as well as video. On the other hand, the Moultrie video is Motion JPEG which means that it is nothing more than a series of independent still photos. Also, the fast multiple photo mode (up to four photos at a time) is almost video speed.One downside: the Moultrie requires eight batteries, whereas the Bushnell can be run with only four. This is not a big deal for me.So for me, the much cheaper Moultrie performs better.