I recently purchased this system and it was very excited to get it installed.  I have to say this system is so easy to set up, anyone that isn't blind should have no trouble with it.  The instructions are simple, clear, and I love the "peel-and-stick" process.I had my system up and running in about 10 minutes.  I haven't screwed in any of the sensors because I think the 3M tape should hold it fine.  Their smoke detector, however, only uses screws and no tape is provided for it.Disclaimer:  I didn't buy this from Amazon, but directly from SimpliSafe's website.  And that's only because Amazon didn't have all the sensors in the package I wanted.  So my setup includes:- Panic Button- Extra 105DB siren- Second motion sensor- Second key remoteI hope Amazon matches the packages on their website, since I prefer to buy from Amazon whenever I can.  But here are things I like about the system:1. It's extremely simple to use and install2. Cellular connectivity so there are no wires to install anywhere3. Monitoring service (should you use it) is relatively cheap4. The ability to create additional key codes for baby sitters, guests, etc.5. The ability to remotely configure and change your sensor set up (requires the premier monitoring service)6. Mobile app for certain phones (requires the premier monitoring service).  But the ability to arm/disarm when you're away is really nice.Now on to the some complaints about this system:1. The monitoring service left me irritated the first time I had to use them.  I was celebrating Christmas with family 7 hours away when I got the call from the monitoring center, saying my motion sensor had triggered an alarm!  I was initially upset, but realized I accidentally left one motion sensor on the kitchen counter (d'oh!).  My cats go up there all the time, so they tripped the alarm.  Yes, the motion sensors are pet friendly, but only IF you place it on a wall a few feet off the ground.  In any case, they told me they had already dispatched the police.  When I asked if they could cancel the police dispatch, they said it wasn't possible.  So here I was, 7 hours away from home, wondering if the cops were going to break down my door.  The monitoring service didn't give me any helpful information.  They said they would call me back when the cops showed up to the house, but never heard back.  Uggh.  Maybe this is the way all of them work?  I just wasn't particularly impressed.  I'm hoping the next time it works out better.2. That brings me onto my second issue. If you think there's no upsell to get you to buy their higher priced monitoring service, you haven't done your homework.  There's always an upsell!  If you want to remotely disable a sensor, you have to get the premium monitoring package.  If you want the mobile app, you have to get the premium monitoring package. etc. etc.  I still think it's cheaper than ADT and Comcast, but don't assume that there's no monthly cost.  That said, if all you want are the sensors and no monitoring, then you should be good to go.3. I really wished they had options to replace certain sensors with other ones.  Or a "build your own bundle" option.  I say that because the entry sensors are somewhat useless.  I doubt a burglar is going to try an open your door/window unless you leave it open.  Most often, they'll break the glass to get in, in which case the entry sensors don't do anything for you.  I wish I could trade in an entry sensor for a glass-break sensor, or a secondary keypad.  I live in Chicago where the houses are typically narrow and long, so it's nice to have a keypad for the front and rear door.  This is just a minor gripe.4. The cap for the USB key remote falls off easily.  I wish they had a better, more secure cap for this.  This is also a minor issue.Overall, I highly recommend this system.  It's simple, effective, and gets the job done.  I'm deducting one star for the monitoring service, but otherwise I'm a pretty happy customer.