Like I said in the title, the Lorex LH014501C4F hardware is great, sadly the same can't be said about the software that comes with it. I tested it in a few computers and different operating system. Well, the only two OS supported by it, Windows and Mac.At the end, I uninstalled it and settled for using a direct connection to the DVR with a monitor and the included mouse. For remote access, I recommend using the ActiveX controls application that installs directly into Internet Explorer or Safari when one tries to access the DVR using a local network. That is in my opinion the best way to manage this DVR from a distance. I like the options of no having the DVR recording all the time, but being able to start to record with single click. Also, it's great the feature of taking snapshots and store them into the hard drive of the computer that is accessing the DVR from a distance.An administrator account is set by default, it doesn't come with a password, but I suggest that the first thing you do is setting one. Also, a few users can be created with different level access to the cameras and DVR remotely. The only setback to this, is that even if the users are forbidden from using all the features, they can still see those features available. Like I said, the software needs to be improved. I hope it does, because this company is offering a great hardware product at an affordable price.In the box it comes almost everything needed to set the surveillance, from plastic screw holders for the cameras to a USB mouse.The 60' feet long wires included with each camera are good enough for the average business or home size. But the black wires are an announcement of where to cut in order to disable the cameras, so those wires must be hidden. Putting them thru a wall is a good solution, but a truly hard task. In the end, I settled and placed them inside 1/2 inch PVC pipes, all along the ceiling, right where the wall and the ceiling meet. Since the pipes are the same color of the walls, they blend well, and it would take someone really perceptive to guess what they are for, at a simple glance.The cameras work great both during the day and night. Indeed, I was surprised of how well the night vision works. I think that this system is a good option for a small business, and/or a big household. If one has a home business, this is perfect, two cameras can be used to watch the business and the rest to surveil the house.Finally, I noticed that the DVR gets hot after a few hours of operation, in spite of the case having many tiny slots carved in for air circulation. This heating is a bad thing in the long run, because circuits and heat don't mix. Eventually the heat will destroy the circuits and shorten the life of the machine. The only way to prevent that outcome is pointing a desktop fan at the DVR to cool it down. I know it sounds unsophisticated, but it works, and it's a economical solutions that would extend the life of the product. The DVR comes with two USB ports, 5 Volts DC each, so even a USB powered desk fan might work without adding an extra energy cost.