I have had a passion for alarm systems for well over 20 years. This is the 5th home alarm system that I have used so far. I had the first four systems for at least 3-7 years each so I am familiar with what's out there. I discovered SimpliSafe last year. It actually came with my new condo and I was blown away by its simplicity and I love the fact that it is all wireless. My condo came with SimpliSafe 1 and this week I upgraded to SimpliSafe 2. The main reason for my upgrade was because SimpliSafe 2 allows you to set your sensors to INSTANT ON. This is a critical function in any alarm system. The way I have it set up is:1. There is a door sensor at the front entrance. If someone opens the door, they have 20 seconds to type in the PIN before the full blown alarm goes off and the alarm company gets notified.2. If an intruder breaks in through the front door (which is the only way my condo can be accessed, as it is pretty high up) and starts walking through the living room towards the base, the motion sensor will detect him/her. Since my motion sensor is set to INSTANT ON, the full blow alarm SHOULD go off at this point. However, it doesn't because, in the words of a SimpliSafe's rep, "the system respects the entry delay period". That makes absolutely no sense and is a CRITICAL FLAW in the system. No other alarm system that I've ever used had this problem.When I spoke with a customer service rep about this today, he right away agreed with me that this is a flaw and couldn't think of a single reason why it would have been programmed this way. He told me that he would send a message to their engineers to see if they can fix this.I also contacted SimpliSafe via email and one of their customer service reps, Greeny, wrote back: "I am sorry if this does not fit your desires exactly, but this is how the system is programmed."When you set a motion detector to "Instant On" it should go off instantly, per its description, otherwise you are leaving the base vulnerable. If someone breaks into your place, you want to give the system every chance of contacting the monitoring company. Any additional delays is time that the intruder can use to destroy the base. If you have a "SimpliSafe" sticker or sign posted in front of your house, any thief who is familiar with this system will look for the base in order to destroy it. (There are multiple videos on YouTube that clearly indicate that the base is the brains of the system)In addition, the base itself is hard to hide as: 1) it is fairly large, 2) it needs to be close enough to the keypad, otherwise you'll get an "Base out of reach" error message, 3) SimpliSafe recommends to put it by a window in order to get a clear signal. What that means is that the base is fairly difficult to hide and, therefore, vulnerable.Every alarm system in the world has one, or more, weaknesses. In the case of SimpliSafe, its weakness is the base. The base must be protected in order for this to work. Having a motion sensor pointed in the room where the base is located is the way to go, but it only works if INSTANT ON actually works the way it was designed.We need to pressure SimpliSafe to fix this via a firmware update. Once they do, I will update my review to 5 stars.Finally, it would be nice if customer service was available a little more than simply during EST business hours. Hopefully, as the company continues to grow they will hire more staff and increase their hours. For now, my main concern is to fix the INSTANT ON flaw.