I usually don't write a review unless the product is very good or I have had a really bad experience.  Well buying this product has been a really bad experience in terms of customer service.  First of all, I did a lot of research on baby monitors and thought this monitor would be great for us.  At first it was, but after only a few months the level of clarity diminished and before I returned it the night camera failed completely.  I understand some times there are defective products out there, mine was one.  But what really angers me is the time it took for Motorola to get back to me when I told them what my camera was doing.  From the time I contacted them about the defective monitor it took 4 days for someone to respond, in turn that person turned me over to another person and it took an additional 5 days for that person to contact me. Since it was taking so long through email I called them to try and expedite this, since I felt having a functional monitor again was very important to me and for the safety of my baby.  I spoke with a Motorola agent and they said I would have a return number in a couple hours and it took almost another day to get that just so I could mail out my defective monitor.  On top of that I had to pay shipping just to send it back.  Many companies I know allow me to print a return label online and they cover return fees. I am still waiting on my replacement almost a week after they received it and I had to contact them again just to make sure they had it because the tracking number said it was delivered.  Don't you think they would of let me know that they received it and had given me a delivery date?  This is a baby monitor, this is a product that is used for safety and monitoring the well being of your baby, you would think this process would be a little faster and urgent?  I am so disgusted with Motorola that I will never, ever buy another product from them.  I want to let customers know what I experienced so they don't have the same experience I had.Update:  I am still waiting for a response from Motorola 11 days after they received my defective baby monitor on June 15th.  I've sent numerous emails and even called and no one has told me the status of when I should get the monitor.  I left a message with a team leader and I have yet to hear back.  This is unacceptable Motorola.Update:  I finally received my new replacement baby monitor on July 2nd. I initially sent an email May 29th regarding my issue, so we are talking over a month before I received my replacement baby monitor.  That's unacceptable and I just wan't consumers to know about my experience, and I hope it doesn't happen to you.  I wish I could do something about it, companies need to be held accountable for such poor service or practices.  Another thing that bothers me is that I actually paid for shipping to send it and not once did Motorola say they were sorry for the delay or say they would take care of the shipping costs.  Motorola lost a customer for life and I will make sure and tell as many people as I can about my experience.Update:  Greg Reichman VP of Sales contacted me because of my frustration and experience I had in getting a new monitor.  I was pleasantly surprised when he offered to send me another camera at no charge.  This is definitely a good gesture that will help get Motorola back in my good graces.