We researched this device for over a year.  We had a old Brinks system in our house that was not monitored.  Since it was not monitored, it beeped every 3-4 hours as it could not connect to the monitoring service.  We thought our only options were to go with another company and get locked into a contract or to pay to replace the computer and keypads in this system.When we found Simpli-Safe at first, we did not take it seriously.  We did not expect much out of a system that could be self installed and as this cheap, we were wrong.PROS;Up front pricing-  Pick a package and any options you want and it is yours.  No having to commit to a large package to get the features you want or getting a basic package because you can't figure the pricing structure.  If you want to add something late go online and purchase it, install it and have it.Simple pricing- They offer three packages of monitoring and all can be viewed on their site.  No extras for cellular monitoring, fire, flood, or anything else.  Pick the services you want (or none at all) and you get it.No Contract-  You can be monitored this month and not next month.  There is no $3000 3 year commitment.  You don't like the service? Turn it off. You can even return the whole system for up to 60 days.Easy to install-  Everyone says this system is incredibly easy to install and they are right.  I had my system going in under 30 minutes.  I did have a problem with the extra siren not being connected, but one call and 5 minutes later it was linked.Options - You can have smoke, CO2, flood, temperature monitoring adding by just adding the sensor.  Their is NO extra cost for the monitoring of these devices.Cellular monitoring- The system uses T-Mobile or Verizon (depending on your area) to send a cell call to there monitoring company.  Most companies charge extra for this, but this is the primary way the alerts are sent.  You can also hook it up to your broadband router or phone line as a back up (no charge).portability- I don't see this mentioned often, but this system will move with you.  Take it down, pack it up, and put it up at your new place.  I can' of many system where you can do this.CONS-The system looks less dated.  The keypad does not look current and the door sensors are huge.  Although the keypad looks dated it is pretty advanced.  Everything it in plain words and it is backlit.  It is also VERY simple to use.-Shipping is slow.  I know this is not their fault, but it is worth noting.  I paid extra for the 3-5 day FedEx Ground service and received it about a week later.  Simplisafe sent it out the next day, but FedEx days are business days (and Monday is not a business day)-Minimal options-  The system offers a lot (smoke, CO2, entry, motion, flood, and temperature monitoring), but could more farther to hit the advanced systems on the market (video, two way talk, etc).  They are working on this though.  When I purchased my system two weeks ago they were not offering glass break sensors stating they were still testing them.  They are now available and for only $35.