I was really excited about this monitor when I ordered it, and upon receipt, I was not disappointed.  I loved the fact that it would support multiple cameras, and the WiFi option allowed me to check in on our baby when I was out of town.  Unfortunately, my happiness was very short lived.Signal strength is weak, so there are only a few specific spots where we can place the monitor, and not have the signal continue to drop.  Nothing like that horrible feeling when you wake up in the middle of the night, check the monitor, and find out that it has disconnected without warning.  What good is a monitor that you can't rely on?Next up...battery issues.  After a few months, our battery life started to decline significantly.  The battery swelled so much that it broke the back of the case and bulges out of the unit.  The charge now lasts less than 10 minutes.In order to exchange for a new unit under warranty, LOREX wanted me to mail the unit back to them, and they would inspect it, and send a new replacement in 5-7 business days. What? I will have no monitor for 2 weeks? Nice customer service. For $40, they offer an advanced replacement. We took this option, and they shipped us a new unit (this still took over a week).  When it arrived, the unit was useless! It did not work properly (constantly went in and out of range, and beeped every time you touched a button, regardless of volume settings).  To make matters worse, the battery would not hold a charge at all. We plugged it in overnight, and it still would not function without being plugged in.  We called customer service AGAIN, and they agreed to send us a new unit.The new unit arrived a week and a half later, and at first I thought we were finally in the clear.  I used it for a few days, and it seemed to work fine.  Then I tried to set it up with the WiFi cradle.  The first unit worked fine with the cradle.  This one goes dark and says "USB PC Monitor Mode" on the screen whenever you plug it into the WiFi Cradle.  This isn't listed anywhere on the web site, or in any of the documentation.  LOREX tech support has no idea how to fix it, and asked me to send it back (and, of course, after they receive it, they will send me another replacement in 5-7 business days).  Wow...three strikes guys.  You suck, and you're officially out.So, to summarize, I have three of these units on hand right now, and none of them work properly. I have been screwing around with their tech support and customer service for over a month now, and still don't have a unit that functions properly. I haven't even begun to go into the horrible experience with their customer service group, or the lack of communication regarding their return/exchange process.  I'll spare you the details, and leave you with this:  This product/company is a disaster - save yourself the trouble and get one of the other options on the market!!!