Picked up this unit based on good reviews and a great warranty. Comes with free software to scan thru 1000's of pics to find motion (great when using field scan mode) and comes with free software for a buck scoring software (I haven't used this yet).  The Scouting assistant software is great tool.  Currently I have it set to 5MP, 1 sec delay, high sensitivity, Field scan turned on for 6am thru 7:15pm.  After being on for just over a week used about 1 GB with these settings.First location was in the middle of woods in a thick tall grass trail.  Worked great facing NW direction.  Plenty of canopy so I wasn't worried about direct sun.  New spot is facing direct N (most state this is best if you can face north to avoid direct sun wash-out of the pics).  At our house I tested (I highly recommend this to get used to the camera) facing south and south west w/o any problems with only 2 trees in our yard.  Took great pics of cars and people in the neighborhood.  I did have some low light blurring of pics till I updated the firmware as noted below.I would recommend the following.  Sony Envelope rechargeable batteries (new ones have even more charge cycles and have great life (85% of capacity after a year  and spend a few bucks on the BC-700 Lacrosse charger or something similar.  This charger took my Energizer rechargeable and gave them new life.  Charges each cell separately and doesn't rely on just a timer. Our Digital camera went from 3 weeks between trying to take a pic and having dead batteries to lasting 4-6 months with about the same amount of use.  Old energizer charger cooked the batteries I am guessing and the storage life was non existent, new charger they are working much better, but do loose over time so I would not use with this camera due its low consumptions and possible to go seasons on 1 charge.Just ordered a 16 GB memory card and plan on trying videos later this fall to watch turkey patterns (Time lapse and Trigger can be set to use video, you get either pics or video but you can't do one of each).  I purchased a Scandisk class 4 and MicroSD size so I can also view on my phone (Micro to SD adapter used in the unit).  Class 4 card is probably over-kill but the price was not much different then class 2 (Higher is faster  Be careful of fake memory cards, If you write a review make sure to know the seller if you are sure it was not a fake.  Amazon has frustration free on the MicroSD and you can be assured it is not fake.  I've read several reviews where memory cards were the problem or low battery life was tied to it on this and other trail cams.Note Bushnell has a 2010 and 2011 firmware update.  Review your Ser # to see if you need to update it.  Fixed blurry pics I had in night vision before I ran the update.************  Update OCT 5th 2012:  Camera going strong and what a great tool.  I've been just using only motion this fall so far (corn still on fields so I will wait to use time lapse to track turkeys at a distance for late fall turkeys.  I've found mounting the camera higher on the tree and angling down (I use parts of branches but you could saw a few wood shims too) works great for night shots to avoid triggering camera and only seeing eyes of deer out past 50 yrds.  I did this really to make sure bucks don't try to rub camera but found the additional nice feature, as gun deer gets closer I will mount lower and on a tree overlooking a field to track as much activity as I can.  Right now just want good pics of deer within 40 yrds.  If you want to see these shots keep the camera 6' or less height, but I'm at 9 ft angled down using a ratchet tie down to hold camera and getting great pics including a 8 min fight on a huge buck and nice mature buck.  I use a gator and stand on the bed to swap cards and if needed batteries.  I tend to swap batteries when I see one bar on set-up as I have found these rechargeables do last a long time.  I have it set to take 3 pics at each trigger and 1 sec between shots so I get a old time video which is great to watch each camera shot (Camera has video but I still haven't used it yet as I can go months between getting out to the camera the 3 pics / trigger allows me to see enough info on where they are going and what they are doing).  I've had over 9,000 shots on one set of the rechargeables and on a 16 GB card which had space to spare yet.  It was still taking shots which was due in part to time lapse mode taking most during the day I was using in the spring to pattern turkeys (LOVE this feature).  I have now purchased a second set of rechargeables and a second memory card to make swapping out easier.  I would note to be careful changing batteries as I have dropped one on two occasions and often I am swapping late at night which can make finding the battery a bit difficult.  I have found them but use one hand to push and pop battery and your other hand to cover bottom of box incase they don't stay in your hand.  I find if I miss them they hit the bottom of the camera box and down they go.