I bought this a few months after it came out on the market and I am VERY pleased with it. The video quality is excellent- even in complete darkness!! It shows the temperature and seems to be very accurate. I love the talk back feature and my son thinks I am in the camera and waves and says hi to me every time he sees it (even if I am in his bedroom with him!) =). I wish the camera could pan...that is the only major drawback to me...It seems like all new video monitors on the market right now can pan and zoom so I don't know why Lorex didn't include this (Maybe so they can make an upgrade in a year and make more money???). Also, I do agree with other reviewers that the battery life on the monitor is not the best. I get 3, maybe 4, hours out of it. But, I think that's the case with most monitors. The Skype feature works great and is so neat. My husband's family lives in Florida and they're able to see my son while he sleeps. Very cool. One feature that I absolutely LOVE about this monitor is that I can turn the "scan" feature on and during the night the monitor will be on but will be completely black and silent(so it doesn't bother us while we sleep). Then, if my son cries or makes a loud noise in the room, the monitor will pop on and the sound will come on and stay on for however long the sound lasts and then go off again. GREAT feature!! I know other mamas who have baby monitors that they have to leave on all night because there is no "scan" feature. Now that would be annoying. I like my peace and quiet until my baby cries! You can also set the sensitivity on the camera to be low or high so if you only want your monitor to come on when you child screams bloody murder....or if you want it to come on when they let out a little moan...you can set it to what you want. Love that! The main reason we chose this monitor over others is that we are adding baby #2 to the family in June and we wanted a monitor that would allow us to watch both babies at the same time. Lorex is the only monitor on the market that has the sequence "quad" mode that allows you to view up to four cameras on the screen at once! Or you can choose to have it automatically scan through the cameras one at a time. Also, back to the monitors ability to be dark and silent in the night and only come on when the baby cries...you can do that with two cameras too. You can have them both set to "scan" mode and then when one of your babies cries the monitor will pop on and show the camera of the baby who is crying. Love it! The only reason I give it four stars is because it lacks the pan and zoom....but the other features I mentioned are much more important to me and out way the lack of pan and zoom.