OVERVIEWThe BL-C131A is a wireless/router based camera (no PC needed).  In my view, this is the ONLY way cameras should be used due to the unstable PC connected solutions (e.g., PC freeze-up, lost power, etc).  It is an IP based system which needs its own local internet address which the included software does a pretty good job setting up automatically.MY EXPERIENCESI have tried over 20 wireless web cameras from 7 brands over the last 5 years ($100-$600) and none are close to the performance, reliability, ease of setup of the Panasonic cams for a consumer based product.  Dlink used to lead the pack until the BL-C20A/30A units came out.  I was a fan of Dlinks but the software setup, remote camera configurations, and Viewnetcam dynamic DNS service of the the Pana's is just the best today.ADVANTAGES- The included software is the best on the market for finding the camera on your system and trying to configure it automatically.  Most software engineers should be SHOT due to sloppy code but the Panasonic software and firmware (software inside the cameras) is pretty good for setup and reliability (I am an electrical engineer so I know the sloppy way most of these guys think).- Tech support for Panasonic is the ONLY support I have contacted from 7 brands with AMERICANS speaking ENGLISH (not "Engrish").  Their patience and overall knowledge is truly outstanding and worth every extra penny this camera costs.- I highly recommend you also buy the Panasonic wireless router.  It automatically configures with the cameras and becomes really easy to find/control the cameras.- The ability to reset/reconfigure the cameras remotely is INVALUABLE!  I am often travleing in China, at my home in Chicago, or my home in Florida and want to make changes.  I can do it remotely with 100% success after the first setup.  I was even able to configure some cams in Chicago and Fedex to my wife in Florida and they booted up into the other system perfectly!- The Viewnetcam dynamic DNS service is stunningly reliable.  It has never gone down and my cameras reset/refind themselves every hour so if your local ISP dynamically changes your IP address (Comcast is worst) you are always going to have the cams back up in 1 hour.- The ability to snap images, group small video screens, and "mouse-point" the cameras via the pan-tilt-zoom are outstanding.- The built in microphones are AMAZINGLY sensitive and pick up small noises remarkably well.  I could hear the kids playing outside the house with cams inside.- The built in multi-screen servers can integrate different models of cameras.  For example, I use a BL-C131A cam as #1 at my mom's house for PTZ and audio.  I then add a BL-C30A for simple PTZ photo/video and a BL-C20A for fixed photo/video.  They all coexist in one screen and work beautifully!- The photo snaps work PERFECTLY for building a simple web page and placing multiple screen snaps on 1 page (I placed 8) thus a super slim matrix of what is happening in my homes.  Each photo at 320x240 is only 8kb so they download fast.- The mobile function (viewing on a cell phone browser) works INCREDIBLY well.  I use it everyday on my Treo700P via Sprint.DISADVANTAGES/CAUTIONS- ANY web cam is tedious to setup, no matter the brand.  Be patient, and call Pana's tech support before returning the unit.- DON'T expect HD quality video - these are 640x480 screens as best and the upload speed of your home network will always be the limiting factor.  I do not recommend more than 4 cams online at once since this overloads even a good 768K upload system.- The pan-tilt controls are outstanding.  Lots of left-right-down travel but up is limited.  Also, the zoom is a digital zoom (NOT an optical zoom) thus very pixelated and not worth much.- The cams can fight for packets and "burble" your VOIP telephone calls.SUMMARYOutstanding product.  I now own 14 units around the world and all are stone-cold reliable.  Just great products.