The actual physical Wifi Baby camera works great.  PIcture quality is good during the day and also at night.  There is absolutely no problem seeing our baby at night.  The microphone is incredible and picks up every last little noise.I will say that there is no way I could have set up the camera to work on our network without the help of the Wifi Baby tech support.  So, ease of setup is low.  My network consists of a verizon fios router that then goes into an Apple time capsule that functions as our wireless router.  So, I still don't really understand it, but having both devices increases the complexity of setup.  However, what absolutely saves the day is the Wifi Baby tech support.  It is no joke that they, Gary in my case, was SO helpful.  I submitted my help request online and Gary quickly contacted me, set up time to speak on the phone, and then quickly was able to set everything up himself by using a screen share program.  Gary sent me a follow up email stating all the different actions he took and all of the passwords and what the DNS addresses and ports should be.  Then, weeks later, I contacted Gary with a question and he volunteered to help me re-configure my wifi baby set up in response to my question.  So nice :)To use the camera, one really needs to use the 3rd party app....I have not checked recently, but last time I did, using an internet browser window to view the camera output didn't work so well.  In my case, it seemed to freeze after a few minutes and so I would have to refresh to get it to start again.  But, again, I have not really looked into it too much b/c I just use the app.  As other reviewers have pointed out, the app costs an additional $12 or something.  Yes, it is sorta expensive, but it is a one time cost.  As soon as you buy it, you don't think about it again.  But, make sure you have the app when you work with the Wifi Baby tech support.  They will make sure you have the app set up correctly also.I will caution also that how well the app works depends on how strong your wireless signal is in your house.  If it isn't strong, the video/audio of the app will disconnect and then reconnect periodically (when your wireless signal gets too weak).So, in a nutshell, I like using my iPhone as the monitor part b/c I ALWAYS have my iPhone on me...but it isn't like one can use the phone for anything else if you are using it as the monitor.  So, if you are at home, and want to still have your iphone available to use, might be good to use your old iPhone as the monitor :)And, last comment, don't wait until the last minute to set up the camera and app as it will take a bit of time.  I was quite pregnant when I started the setup and it made it a bit more frustrating since I was so uncomfy ;)