I already have an audio monitor but I wanted to buy a video monitor to see what my son was doing during his naps. He's 2.5 years old and starting to skip his naps, so I wanted to see if he was standing up or trying to climb out of his crib or anything like that. I wanted something relatively inexpensive (mid-range) that works without interference, nothing fussy or difficult to use with a zillion buttons and controls.Well, I got what I wanted! This little monitor feels light and cheap, but it works just fine. The plastic casing and everything feels cheap and I'm worried that if I dropped it everything would crack, but so far, so good. I really like how the video camera can be mounted in different ways and a little stand comes with it if you need to set it up high and look down. Because the camera is so light, it tends to tip forward, so I had to secure it with some masking tape to make sure it doesn't fall off the shelf, startling my son in the middle of the night. The monitor itself is easy to use and the picture is fine. I can see what he's doing and that's enough for me. Also we do have WIFI in the house and a medley of other electronics, and I've never encountered interference.The audio though, is REALLY bad. I like that the audio kicks off unless my son makes a noise, so you don't hear the constant buzz of the older style of monitors. We have a white noise machine going in his room and I don't hear that at all. Even so, the audio sounds tinny and buzzy, really poor quality. We have an Angelcare monitor which we only use for audio now (the sensor pad was nice for the first 6 months but useless now....and it is under a recall....), and the Angelcare monitor's audio quality is by far better.Some features that would have been nice to have:1) A real on-off button with a physical "click" when the camera turns on and some clear indication whether the machine is on or off. Right now the on-off switch is a button which you depress to turn on and you press the same button once to turn off. A tiny tiny light turns on in the base of the camera to show that it is on, but in a rush, sometimes I don't notice it. Then I leave the room and find that the camera wasn't on, and it's too late to go back in to turn it back on because I would wake my son up. I need a real switch with color coding or something obvious so I KNOW the camera is on.2) Pan and tilt. For the price, I understand that this is beyond the little camera's pay-scale.3) A heavier, no-tip base for the camera.All in all, for the price, it's good enough. It does what I need it to do, no complaints. I haven't used it for long enough yet to know how durable it is. If you need a video monitor that can pick up enough noise to know if your child is crying, good. But if you are the type who wants to sit there and listen carefully to what your child is saying in the next room, this is not the device for you because of the poor audio quality.