just finished installing 2 days ago and here are my thoughts thus far.The dvr system is great, takes a moment to set it up, but its not hard and is pretty self explanatory.Pro's of the dvr - easy to setup - decent quality - 8 channels so great for adding camera's in the future - has a wide array of options from alarm beeps to even being able to send you an email if something happens to the system such as a camera feed going out or the hard drive < optional does not come with the unit > being full or bad. - hooked up to netwrok quickly with ease - priceCons of the dvr - came with most of the case screws off < not a big deal if you plan on putting in a hard drive right away > - the cables are setup for 4 camera's, including the power cable, so plan on buying extra connections if you want more then 4 camera's. - the  fact that I can't shut off certain feeds < channel 5 - 8 still display on main screen > when no camera is present gets annoying, but not a big deal.Okay now on to the 4 camera's that are includedthey went up pretty easy, and were a breeze to install, the cables are a tad thin. but if it is that big of a deal for you, you can always upgrade. the camera's themselves are okay, nothing special. here is my pro con list for themPros for camera's - small - easy to install - weatherproof < so far > - decent day vision < maybe 7 out of 10, don't expect hd quality out of them, but I can make out faces at 100 feet away. - cables are 60 feet each, had more then enough for my house. a camera on every corner.Cons for camera's - Night vision is maybe 3 out of 10, works okay if other light is present, if you have an outside light or street light near it maybe, otherwise forget it. - they are starter camera's, plan on upgrading them - no audio - no focus - no zoom - mounts are kind of cheapOverall thoughtsIf you just want to watch you home and aren't looking for hd quality, I would highly suggest this system. the DVR alone is worth the money spent, so basically the camera's are freebies.it took me about 3 hours to install everything and run the cables. and I was taking my time and being lazy, so install was a breeze. I set it up for the mobile use, and can easily watch my camera's over my phone. the directions suggest to use KMEye < droid app > for viewing them, but I actually prefer ip cam viewer, so I used that instead. If you do plan on using KMEye, plan on doing so serious port forwarding setup on your pc router, I didn't have to forward a port with ip cam viewer < no clue why, technically, your supposed to forward the port while using any of them.4 out of 5 stars, due to price and quality of the dvr. again, for non professional use, these are great!