PRO:Longest unobstructed area in the house is 25-feet and even at night the picture is good. Very low light or darker room the image is not in color. Tested the camera outside pointed at my sleeping cat in the yard 30-feet away. With full zoom the cat filled the frame but detail was a little fuzzy. At 40-feet I could see my car in the driveway and down the street. Picture comes up on my computer. I wanted the camera for indoors and I am very happy with the indoor applications. There were some problems and the camera is not perfect so I gave it a 4. I think many of the problems may be specific to my equipment and didn't want to blame the camera.CON:Can't set it up in a window at night because of glass glare and only the detail of the screen is shown. Trouble seeing my yard because my neighbors porch light is visible in the yard and another outside light. Neither are very bright but the sensor thinks there is more light and the yard is all black to the camera. In the yard you can see the tables and fence, etc. Some people just set up the camera with no hassle. My set up was a beast. The first camera was defective and Amazon replaced it in one day. Thank you Amazon. The wireless would not set up and needed the Ethernet cable to the router. (Later it connected to wireless). It defaulted to the next dynamic IP address and it just would not set up with the D-link program. The password would only take 8 characters and I was not willing to change the password to all my computers, phones etc. Only way to configure it was to go into the router, set it up on the default IP address 192.X.X.20 and manually configure the connection. Afterwards the D-link software ran and I could configure the camera. Still can't configure the email in the camera software. The email is if you want it to snap motion and send the picture or pictures to email. The motion is not like a video camera but this could be my Internet or computer. It looks more like a Charlie Chaplin movie with split second delays between frames. If the cat rolls over slowly the slight delay is hardly noticeable. If the cat jumps off the chair, the motion is far more jerky like old films. This could be my Internet connection which is 1500-3000. I also have to unplug the camera when I watch Netflix movies on my ROKU. ROKU just can't get enough bandwidth to run both. The ISP provider said I should get a Static connection instead of Dynamic to end this problem. Static to Dynamic is double the price. Read all the reviews and the D-link forums. Your camera may connect instantly as most of them, but be prepared if it does not. Tech support at D-link was very good once you get past the screener who answers the phone and puts you through the trouble tree questions. Eventually it will work.