Installation tips: It's simple. Want to know how simple it is? Before you do anything put the CD that comes with the system in your computer in order to install, and then follow the onscreen instructions. Be sure when plugging in the network adapter to your router, and the outlet that you use the blue Ethernet wire supplied, and then when hooking up the camera to the power supply you use the yellow Ethernet cable supplied. The stickers covering then ends of the adapters make this a no brainer; one yellow, one blue.If you have an outside camera to install the access hatch is screwed on. Indoor cameras you can pop the access door off with your fingers.The Micro SD card is already installed in the camera so don't be confused by the larger adapter they include with the set. It looks like a regular sized SD card but in reality it is an adapter that accepts the micro SD card into it so that you can read it in a larger SD card reader.Next step is to go into settings, something you can actually access anytime and setup the following options; 1) alerts to email or phone. 2) Turn on audio recording and set the volume level. 3) Define motion zones that trigger recording. 4) Pan and zoom cameras. 5) Turn off camera LED's.When you first operate the system expect some updating to go on; first the adapter after which you will have to unplug them and then plug them back in, and then the camera updates. Make sure the camera (s) you have are both recognized before updating. The reason why they are not instantly recognized is the network adapter update needs to complete installing before they can be recognized. You will see it clearly marked on the screen until they update.Now we are up and fully running. It is amazing that for free you can log in at the Logitech web site and see your cameras from the web. Clear as a bell you could be in Florida or anywhere and see any camera you want in your browser full screen. If you have a smart phone such as an Android, you can get alerts over the phone and view it on your phone.Let's say you are on vacation and no one is supposed to be home when you are away. You just set your inside cameras to alert and you will get a phone alert and be able to instantly see the room. It auto-records so you don't miss a thing.Logitech has come a long way with this system over their earlier Wi version. With this new one with an outside camera and it is semi-dark it looks like daylight. If you have a motion sensing light outside, unlike the old Wi system, the new one instantly adapts to changing light; it only takes 1 second max. No more waiting 10 seconds for the lense to adjust giving you a washed out view, now it is almost instant. That's a wow.With the increased clarity of the picture, and the improved camera settings, and being able to zoom at no extra charge makes this a no-brainer, and the system can grow over time for up to 6 cameras. Highly recommended.