TO THOSE OF YOU COMPLAINING ABOUT PRESSING THE SPEAKER BUTTON INSTEAD OF THE CAMERA BUTTON WHEN IN SLEEP MODE... HAVE YOU TRIED PRESSING ANY OTHER BUTTON??? When my screen in on "sleep" mode (the sound is on but the screen is off to save battery) I can press any button to turn it on, so I never have a problem pressing the speaker button. I prefer pressing the menu button cuz its on top, and it doesnt bring up the menu when you're pressing it to just turn on the screen. The instructions also say you have to go to the menu option, select the camera icon, and then you use the aarows to move the camera... that's not true at all. Just press the left, right, up, and down buttons on the screen and it moves it.I highly recommend this camera, it's a bit pricey but worth every cent and will be using it for a few years.In case you have been contemplating buying one, let me give you my review of this one. I have been researching for a couple months because I wanted to get a good one for the right price.The picture is crystal clear both day and night. It does have night vision, and its amazing. I can even see him breathing. You can also adjust the contrast to your liking. It has one dim green light to show that it's on but you can barely see it and the little one doesn't notice it. It has like 8 infrared lights for night vision that do not light up, so the baby doesn't get woken or distracted by anything. I have read some reviews on some other monitors that the infrared lights actually lit up red and the kid would just stare at it all night lol, so I made sure to buy one that didn't.As for the screen, it's 3.5 inches.. it doesn't sound that big but it is. It tells you the temperature of the room, whether it's on day or night vision, how many signal bars you have, which camera you are looking through (you can have 4 cameras), and the battery life. I have 5 bars everywhere in my house and even outside in my yard, and the camera is upstairs in the backroom of my house. It lets you know if you are being close to going out if range. While plugged in the screen can stay on as long as you want. If you unplug it the screen automatically shuts off after 2 minutes and continues to play sound to save battery. You can click any button to turn the screen back on. If you add more cameras you can click a button to pick one of them, to scroll, or you can click the scan button and it switches between them every 12 seconds. It even has an alarm that you can set for 2, 4, or 6 hours to check on, feed, change, give medicine, or wake up from a nap. The unit also has a stand so you can set it down and look at it easily. The cord for both the camera and parent unit is fairly long. I think you can put batteries in the camera but I haven't done that yet. I will though in case of power outages. I wouldn't recommend using batteries full time because that's just one more thing you have to buy batteries for lol. The parent unit has a rechargeable battery.THIS MONITOR DOES LET YOU PAN SIDE TO SIDE, TILT UP AND DOWN, WITH AND ZOOM ALL WITH A TOUCH OF A BUTTON ON THE SCREEN!Now for sound. You can hear as much or as little as you want. If I have it all the way up I can hear him breathing. On almost the highest level of sound I can clearly hear him even move a muscle. I usually keep it right in the middle so I don't hear every little sound keeping me up, but I hear enough. The camera has a speaker on it and the parent unit allows me to play 5 different lullabies (you can either play just one or let it play all 5) and also talk to him through it with just a click of a button! There is no interference or static unless I have the screen right next to the camera, which is never.Set up is a breeze, just plug in, turn on, and you're ready!LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PRODUCT!!!!!! WORTH EVERY CENT!Update:I figured out a while ago that you can adjust the loudness of the lullabies that play on the camera in the babies room. When selecting a song hit the okay button and 3 different volume levels will pop up. I was so pleased because it was rather loud and would keep my son up, then I found that and its at the perfect volume now.