I have a lot of security cameras, but this one is unique in the use of the four LED chips (not bulbs) for lighting.  They look like the "welding arc" brilliant LED chips in my high end, very bright flashlights.The obvious unique look of the camera, to me, is very Star Wars, Japanese robot, high tech looking.  It looks like it might strike up a conversation with you.  So far, it hasn't said anything like "Danger, Will Robinson".I like the bold appearance.  The high visibility of the camera is a passive deterrent against intruders.The white case finish is the standard low gloss semi-rough texture found on many of the cameras in this price range.  The metal housing seems sturdy enough.The 8mm lens, with a 1/3" CCD provides a theoretical 33 degree angle of view.  My application is on a narrow side yard where a wider angle is not appropriate.  An effective range for face & body recognition with a 1/3" and 8mm combination would be something between about 8 feet to 25 feet at night.The daytime color is shifted somewhat.  I'll get back to that later.  It's not my best camera in that regard.  The listed 600 TVL resolution was not as impressive as it should be, but it's not bad.  It's just not as sparkling sharp as some of my better cameras at that specification.The night time is where this camera really shines. (I couldn't resist that last sentence, even though I know you'll groan).  If you've purchased or seen the really brilliant, but expensive little flashlights becoming so popular, you may realize that those LED chips are expensive.  Much more expensive than the bulb type LEDs used on most CCTV cameras.First, the arrays of bulb type LEDs surrounding the lenses of most IR CCTV cameras interfere with the clarity of the picture produced.  Ambient unfocused light glow from the bulbs enters the lens, and fogs the picture to one extent or another.  The focused LED chips on this camera eliminate a lot of that problem, and that inherently makes the image sharper.  Second, the focused LEDS are aimed better than an array of bulbs, so the light is spread much more evenly where it should be.  I don't see a center bright spot washing out the center of the image, while the edges fall off to darkness.  I do think this configuration is the coming wave of newer models of cameras.  I like it much better than the current bulb lighting that resembles our old idea of a flashlight beam - bright in the middle and dark on the edges of the beam.I think the effective lens & light ranges on this camera are well matched for night time use.  I see good night time detail out to about 35 feet before resolution starts falling off.  As the objects get too close to the camera, it does a decent job of adjusting to the 'too bright' image.So far, average daytime resolution for a 600 TVL rated camera, but much better than anything else I have at night time resolution.  Now, lets return to the color shift mentioned earlier.  The camera is clearly labeled as having an OSD.  It doesn't have it.  "On Screen Display" is a way to adjust a number of camera settings, just as you might on a photo camera, or a new TV.  If you don't like the color settings, change them with the OSD menu, which usually is accessed by a few buttons on the camera or the pigtail cable leads.A more detailed look at the Amazon description confirmed that OSD is never mentioned there, but the Amazon pictures, and my camera, clearly have an OSD icon showing on the case.  The color shift, and the lack of the expected OSD knocked my review down one star, but the very good night time performance raised it up one star.  For me, daytime color shift is not a concern for a camera watching the side of the house.  It's much more important at the front where a car model and color might need to be more accurate.Given the very low price of this camera using four expensive LED chips, and its very good night time performance, I consider this camera one of the best bargains out there for a camera under $100.Edit:  I found that the standard home CCTV wiring cables were not heavy enough for the power draw that this camera requires.  Those typically use 24 or 22 AWG wires.  The high intensity LEDs of this camera do require a lot more power than the old style bulb LEDs.The Chinese style data sheet that came with the camera lists the power requirement at 1500mA to 3000mA.  Most home type CCTV cameras require somewhere between 200mA and up to 800mA for a zoom with a lot of "bulbs".I'm now using a 2000mA power supply, and using a 16 AWG cable (lamp cord or speaker cable) to power the camera mounted 40 feet away from the power supply.  That much heavier wire size keeps the available voltage at the camera reasonably close to 12 VDC.You could use a Cat 5E Ethernet cable, with three wire pairs dedicated to power (for barely 1500 mA capacity) and one pair dedicated to the signal.  You could also use a CAT 6 Ethernet cable, using three wire pairs, for 2800 mA capacity.  Otherwise, you could either mount a 2000mA power supply next to the camera, or use typical 16 AWG power cord, with a balun connector at the camera end, like I did.  However you do it, this is still a great night time camera, but you'll need to be somewhat handy with wiring to properly power the camera.  If this edit is all "Greek" to you, look elsewhere for your 8mm camera, one using the old style bulb type LEDs.