If you're like me, you are reading these reviews because you are considering buying this product.  For all of the features you get with this device you can't go wrong, the price is very reasonable and the estimated shipping time was right on target.  I would have given this product 5 stars if the install CD worked as expected.  The install CD would make a good coffee table coster and don't bother reading the quick install guide.  I have to agree with other posters of this product you have to have some knowledge of networking and your home network setup. I spent over a half day messing around with the install CD, when that didn't work I started googleing the internet and found Naiboo's blog on how to setup the Wansview NCB541W. I would post the URL or create a Hyperlink to Naiboo's instructions however, Amazon doesn't allow postings of URL's or Hyperlinks in these reviews.  If you would like to search for his instructions, just google "Naiboo's blog setup wansview" without the quote marks and look for "Setup of Wansview NC541W - tutorial - creating a ..." without the quote marks.  If you don't want to do the search yourself, I'm going to post the instructions in Naiboo's blog that got me started (Hopefully Naiboo want mind if I borrow and post his instructions).1. Information from the manual: NOTE: Factory setting IP is 192.168.0.178, the http port is 80, the username is admin, the password is 123456.2. Connect the pc/notebook with a cross-over cable to the ethernet port of the webcam.3. Change the IP address of your ethernet interface, IP address should be 192.168.0.177, subnet mask  255.255.255.0 and gateway 192.168.0.1784. If your network is already in this subnet 192.168.0.X you can skip step 3.5. Open your browser and type 192.168.0.178 and press enter.  If you did it correctly, you should see the login screen (coming from the Wansview camra).You really should checkout Naiboo's blog, there is a lot more information other than the few instructions that I have posted here.Followed his instructions and had the product working on my network in less than 10 minutes.  After getting the device working wireless on my network, I wanted to use my computer to monitor the device and capture any movement and be able to play back the video at a later time, again I tried the software that came on the worthless install CD, it worked but didn't have the features I was expecting.  So I started googleing again and found a program called "I SPY".  The program works on hundreds of IP cameras and is available for Windows 32 or 64 bit and also for MAC users.  The program is open source, meaning you don't have to buy it.  It is free of charge and no bloatware and no advertisements.  If you are interested in this program, just google "I SPY SOURCEFORGE" without the quote marks.  Look for "iSpy Camera Security Software | Free Graphics software ..." in the search results.  Download the program and install - follow the setup screens and you're in business.If you try and like the program the author of this program would like a donationOverall I am very satisfied with this product, however I think the manufacture of this product needs to improve their software CD and quick install guide or better yet quit shipping the CD and lower the price.Good Luck with your install and happy webcaming --- True Texan