Our last home had a wireless system from one of the bigger players in the market. It required a phone line and was a pain for the technician to install .. all the worthwhile functions ( adding new sensors etc. ) were tied up so that I would have to pay crazy prices to get the system modified. Also, I asked him what would happen if a burglar ripped the system off the wall or just cut the wires; all he could do was shrug.We since moved to a new house and I was determined to not use a system that was hard to extend and which was easy to disable.The new home had an older wired system. I researched home automation, with the idea of adding a new control panel that was GSM based and trying to patch the existing wired sensors into that, then hooking it all into my burgeoning home-automation system. After a while, I realized I was not going to get anywhere with that; although I'm fairly technical, I'm not an electrician and I was probably in for a steep learning curve.After a lot of research, we settled on Simplisafe and as I've only just installed it, I can't speak to the dispatch center's reliability, but my experience with regard to how well designed this system is speaks to me of a well-thought out plan for home security.Here are the pros and cons:pros:+ Once the system is installed you can add sensors very cheaply ( ~$30 for a motion sensor )+ it is easy to integrate new sensors into your system.+ The base station does not need to be on your home network+ Setup is simple , just plug the supplied usb fob into your computer, reconfigure, and plug it into the base station and it does the rest.+ Once initial setup is complete, configuration that you do on the web-based dashboard is sent via GSM to the base station so you can configure as needed.+ You can direct and control responses on a sensor-by-sensor basis.+ GSM based, battery backup; you can put the base station wherever you want+ Easy ( and cheap ) to install backup sirens ( I used a ladder to install my backup siren, so it'd be hard to pull it down )+ Set up multiple email/sms alerts ( both my wife and I get notifications )+ Smartphone apps available ( with top-tier subscription plan )+ Very mobile; you can reconfigure your sensor "field" at the expense of only the sticky strips needed to mount them. For renters, this is a dream; you can install a security system that is independent of the landlord and which you can easily take down and re-install in your new place in minutes if you move house.Cons ( a short list )- I wish it had z-wave integration.. I'd bet a shunt could be written to parse notification emails and route appropriately via a z-wave API.- I think the subscription plan should be a flat fee with all the bells and whistles at a single intermediate price. Currently, the subscription is billed at 3 tiers. The top tier is still very competitive when you look at the other players in the market.- Honestly, I can't think of any other downsides to the system, you pay up-front but the monitoring prices are very competitive. Once installed, you can extend the system component-by-component.Summary:Like I said, I only just installed this so I have no experience with the long-term operational effectiveness. I'll return with an update after an appropriate period of time. My past experience with security companies is that as soon as you have paid them the installation fee and signed the contract, you are just an inconvenience to them. I've found simplisafe to be proactive and enthusiastic about engaging with their customers. The cynical side of me understands that they have a business in selling more sensors and replacing batteries ( not to mention holding on to the monitoring contract ) but at least that means that customer-centric attitude is baked in at a corporate level.Technically speaking, I can tell this system was designed in a smart way; it's modular, easy to use, extensible and comprehensive.Based on my initial experience, I'd heartily recommend to anyone.