As many others have said, I think this is a great product for the price.  I want to share some information about the manufacturer provided Dynamic DNS capability that hopefully will help some people out.For those of you who aren't familiar with DDNS, it is the ability to track your public IP address and update DNS servers whenever that IP address changes.  That way, you can always type in a name instead of an IP address, and that name will always take you to the right place.The DDNS service provided by the manufacturer is somewhat misleading.  It's a very useful feature, but it's not actually DDNS.  It's actually a URL forwarding service.  Rather than hosting a DNS entry for your camera that maps to the correct public IP address, they instead host a website at the address provided with your camera that forwards you to your camera's public IP address.  It's a subtle difference, but it does manifest itself in a few ways, one of which is important.The first thing you'll notice is that if you open up a web browser and type in the URL they provide (e.g., deviceID.nwsvr.com), the URL will automatically change into an IP address.  That's because the deviceID.nwsvr.com site is actually a hosted website somewhere that automatically forwards you to your IP address, which would be considered a separate website by your browser.  For comparison, if you go to amazon.com, the name "amazon.com" stays in the URL of your browser when the page loads rather than changing into an IP address.  However, if you clicked a link to an external website while you were on amazon.com, the URL in your browser would change to reflect the new site.  This is effectively what happens with your camera, except you don't have to click on a link.The second and more important thing you'll notice is how this affects ports.  The web server on your camera will run on port 80 by default, which is the standard port for web servers.  If you want, you can run it on a separate port.  When you do that, you have to add the port number to the ip address when connecting to the camera.  So for example if your camera runs on port 81, you'd have to type in w.x.y.z:81 into your browser where w.x.y.z represents the IP address of your camera.  However, if you try to use the DDNS name provided with the camera, you'll see some strange behavior.  First, if you type in deviceID.nwsvr.com:81, it will fail.  Second, if you leave off the :81 on the end, it will work.  This again is because the DDNS name they provide is actually taking you to a separate website (which runs on the standard port 80) which then forwards you to the correct URL for your camera (which in this case would include the :81).  So if you type in deviceID.nwsvr.com into your web browser, the address will quickly change to w.x.y.z:81, and the camera will show up correctly.  This is important for a few reasons:1.) If you are trying to connect to your camera from outside your private network by using the provided URL, you have to leave off the port number.  If you are connecting by using the IP address, then you need to include the port number2.) I may lose a few people here, but when you are doing your port forwarding on your router, your external and internal ports must match if you are going to use the URL.  For example, if you had 10 cameras at your house, you would have all 10 running on their own internal, private IP addresses.  For simplicity, you may want to run all of them on port 80 so that you don't have to mess with port numbers when connecting from the internal network.  However, when setting up your port forwarding, you would have to pick a separate port for each camera, since they all have to share the same public IP address.  Your router should have no problem with this.  You can map an external port number to a separate internal port number.  For example, external port 81 may map to camera 1 on port 80, and external port 82 may map to camera 2 on port 80, etc.  However, this blows up when you try to use the provided DDNS URL.  If your camera is set to run on port 80, then the DDNS URL will try to connect to the camera at the public IP address using port 80, which will fail, since it's mapped to something else externally (e.g., 81).  Also, as I mentioned before, if you try to append the correct port number to the URL, it will fail because the URL actually is connecting to a URL forwarding service which only runs on 80.I hope that was somewhat clear and helpful for anyone trying to figure out why the DDNS URL won't work when using different external and internal ports.