The idea of this product is good, unfortunately, it has too many hiccups and quirks that I'm pretty sure I'll be returning it as I am within the 60 day window.  I don't think I can rely on it to keep my home safe.  I am going to activate the interactive monitoring today that way I have tested the full system and if it is still bad I can still return it within the 60 day window.Also, the superior customer service that others speak of, I have not experienced.  For example, I called with an issue today, and waited on hold 11 minutes before deciding to hang up.  I then called back and pressed "1" for sales, wondering if at least the sales line would pick up as it is a Sunday.  Of course, someone picked up immediately in sales.  I then got a "mini-lecture" from the sales rep about how there were other people waiting and I needed to "wait my turn" because it was a weekend and they were short-staffed, even though my intention was not to cut in line.  Kind of demeaning to be treated that way as a customer!  Don't advertise that you have weekend customer service support if you don't have enough people to provide customer service!Anyhow: The pros:1) No contract for monitoring service. ( I personally have not activated the monitoring service because I was having false alarms with a motion sensor and wanted to get them sorted out before i was linked up to police dispatch and was charged a fee for the police coming out for a false alarm.  However, given my interactions with "customer service", I'm not sure I'll be keeping the system)2) You can add components such as a smoke detector, carbon monoxide detector, extra door sensors and motion sensors, etc.  My system came with one motion sensor and I purchased 2 more, plus a smoke detector3) If you aren't good with tools, most of the devices can be stuck to the wall with adhesive.  I only had to drill my smoke detector into the ceiling.  All of my motion sensors and entry sensors are up with the adhesive.3) Rates for monthly monitoring are lower than other companies such as ADT4) you can take the system with you if you move, unlike others which remain wired into the houseThe cons:1) The keypad doesn't light up at night, so if it's dark coming in the house you can't see what numbers you are pressing.2) If there is an alarm sounded, the alarm comes from the base system and not the keypad.  It would be nice if they put the alarm in the keypad so the burglar would try to smash that and not go on a hunt for the base system, which is sounding the alarm but is also the device that sends out the call to dispatch.3)  The motion detectors are large and clunky looking, so are the door and window sensors.4) Customer service is not open on Saturdays.  They are open Sunday through Friday, daytime hours.5) The system itself is kind of pricey I feel, for the quality of the actual product.  It has kind of a Fischer-Price feel to it.  However, they are still cheaper than ADT.  I spent about $350 total: $259 for the middle-level system which came with 4 entry sensors, 1 motion sensor, a base, and a keypad.  I then added for about an additional $89 2 more motion sensors (1 motion sensor for a whole house was not enough in my opinion- I think the package should come with 2), and a smoke detector.  I would not be as annoyed about the price if the system worked flawlessly and customer service wasn't as rude, but I digress.  It's still cheaper than others.6) I downloaded the app for my smart phone in anticipation of using it with interactive monitoring.  However, the app has quirks too- it tells me my mobile device is not connected to the internet, even though I have 4 bars and full 4g access.  When I asked about this when I was placing the 2nd half of my order, I was told "Make sure your phone has internet access."  I explained to the woman that all my other apps were working fine and she didn't really know what to tell me.  Other reviewers of the phone app cited this same issue.  This means that if I want to interactive-monitor from my phone I will need to go through a browser and can't use the app.  They need to work the bugs out of this.I will update after I have experienced using the interactive monitoring.