I have 4 of these cameras that came with my DVR.  It's been a little less than 4 months, and 3 of the 4 are going to have to be replaced.  It started with 1 camera having a picture that was noticeably less sharp than the others.  1 bad camera out of 4 to begin with...you couldn't tell unless you were using D1...I can live with that.  Then shortly thereafter 1 camera ended up with half the field of view blocked (it has a wonderful reddish brown sepia tone type color in the daytime).  5 Days ago the power blinked during a thunderstorm, and 2 of the other cameras have their field of view blocked totally.  All 3 cameras are 'working,' the field of view is just blocked.  It's apparently the internal IR filter (or at least whatever holds that filter in place)....it flips in and out from in front of the sensor, and apparently sometimes just gets stuck. (see the pic I posted)As bad as my experience has been, think about it on a practical level.  They're trying to sell these cameras based solely on their *ULTRA HIGH* resolution, but almost none of the security DVRs support anything higher than D1 resolution (704 x 480 or around 528TVL)(including my DVR that these cameras came with which struggles to get 7 frames per second at D1 if using all channels) which is less than the resolution of these cameras (600 TVL).  In theory, you'd think having a camera with a higher resolution than what you can record should yield a very sharp image when it's resized down to the recording resolution.  In practice, any camera sensor that has 528TVL resolution or above is probably going to have a D1 picture that is as close to exactly the same as makes no difference (it drops to 264TVL if you use CIF).  The bigger determining factor is going to be the quality of the camera lens and  anything else that goes in the optical path (the glass on the camera front and IR filters).  The Defender cameras fall on their face here.  The $30 VideoSecu cameras VideoSecu CCTV Home Surveillance Outdoor IR Bullet Security Camera Color CCD Day Night 24 Infrared LEDs with Bonus Power Supply IR24W C2M that make up cams 5 and 6 of my setup (I have the older version of this camera) - though lower in resolution (420TVL)- give a sharper, clearer image...in the day...at night it's a tough call.  The color with the defender cameras is better because of the IR filter, but....  Then there is the other, less immediately obvious problem...every time the filter flips in and out it sets off the motion sensor.  If you have your DVR set to motion activated recording, these cameras will set it off every time they go from day to night mode and back. I guess I should also throw out that the night time distance is also way overstated - 50 feet tops...not that it really matters since anything beyond that range is going to be so small that you probably couldn't ID a person in the picture anyways (especially at night).  High priced, extra false alarms with motion sensing, may not last 4 months, picture that is (in my case) not as sharp... but they do have good daytime color....Yeah, totally not worth it.  You're better off looking elsewhere.