Having issues with an harassing neighbor I bought this to continuously record my front yard so we have some evidence if she starts yelling at us again.For this purpose this system does the job.Here are my pro's and con's:Pro's:- decent day and night vision quality with good range.- decent microphone quality, it picks up a lot.- with several walls between the camera (I only set up one) and the DVR unit it still picks up the signal with sound at about 60 feet separation.- Good sensitivity on the motion detectors. I have played with that a bit and the camera would always start recording me right as I walk into its field of view.- The system worked "out of the box" which means that other then having to fine-tune the setup I had a picture pop up the second I plugged in the camera power.Con's:- The mounting feet are near useless. I had to use pliers to tighten them enough so the camera wouldn't move which ultimately resulted in a broken off screw. They are also too short. I had to use a block of wood to mount the camera far enough from the wall so the antenna wouldn't be hitting it.- The scheduling system is useless. Since I simply manually record 24/7 I ultimately decided not to bother with this system but what I did figure out was that you can set a single "on" and "off" event each day and the system would only recognize a setup if I switched it "on" first before switching it back "off". So setting it up to start recording on an evening and stop recording the next morning is for some reason not possible. If however you want it to record somewhere during daytime hours this system will do that.- When recording, none of the buttons on this thing work except the "manual record" button. This also means you can not turn the volume up or down while the system is recording. The volume switches also act as ":play/pause" and "stop" buttons while playing back videos which means that you also cannot change the volume during playback. The only time you can change the volume is during live view.- The screensaver function only works if the camera is idle. This means when manually recording, the screen is constantly on.Other:- You can choose low video quality (320x240) and high video quality (640x480). The low quality will record at about 3-4 frames per second with good sound quality and if you don't need to recognize faces at the other side of the street this is plenty good. The high quality will drop down to about 1-2 frames per second and I found it struggling to maintain a good connection with the sound intermittently being distorted.- When running continuously this system records 10 minute long files rather then one long one. Depending on contrast (less at night, more during day) the files turn out to be between 50 and 80 MB in size. The 16 GB card I installed will hold just about 2 days worth of continuous footage. I activated the option to overwrite the oldest file when the card is full so it acts like a continuous loop camera.- As mentioned by other reviewers the camera does require a power chord being plugged in while the DVR runs on internal batteries that can be charged on the charging cradle.There you have it.Ultimately I am satisfied with the result, but I would never recommend this system due to its many flaws.