For those of you out there that like the idea of having a ready to fly machine, forget about the DJI Phantom. This is not ready to fly, for starters you must assemble several pieces once it is out of the box, but that's acceptable. The problem really starts when you have to take it out for your first flight because before you go outside you must connect it to your PC and do a few tweaks like calibrate controller, calibrate compass, make sure the readings on the compass are good then go outside and calibrate it before the flight by turning 360 degrees horizontally and then vertically. A lot of times you calibrate it , but by the time you get to the park the compass is messed up again because it came in close contact with a cell phone, car speaker, computer, metal, or other electronic devices and if you are outside dying to fly your Phantom it won't calibrate and you won't be able to fly it. It happened to me several times and I have a special case to prevent such thing, but guess what it won't help much. This is an amazing concept that was released way before being actually ready for the market. There are stories of Flyaways, the lighting system to indicate problems is ridiculous, no power switch, and you have to power cycle this device all the time. IMHO a nice analogy is comparing it to current mobile Operational Systems. The Phantom is way more Android, virus and crash prone than to iOS or WP8. The device is very solid, the construction is very good, but the inner guts aren't and you'll have issues with the motors, the GPS, having to do a Voodoo prayer trying to calibrate the compass specially if trying to follow the instructions on the outdated videos posted by DJI, in which the software version is different than the latest one that you downloaded and you can't really determine if the values are correct.The day you realize you need support, you'll realize that DJI has absolutely none, I had an issue with mine and emailed them for support, the site said 48 hours for an answer, but it has been 5 days and nothing. I bought mine and it worked fine for 14 days until three of the motors stopped working out of the blue after an afternoon flying it with no accidents. I am returning it this Saturday, but before that I ordered a new one and for my surprise it was defective out of the box. I put it together and when I tried to turn the motors on to test three spin normally, but one spins weirdly in very slow speed making a strange metallic clicking noise. I am returning this one as well. This machines are made in China on top of a nice project, but maybe to make it mainstream they cut down costs here and there making it a not so much lovable machine.I have a LOVE & HATE relationship with it and am afraid I'll have to buy another one after putting close to two grand on additional accessories like FGPV, a handful of extra batteries, extra good quality multi-battery charger, protective case, gimbal, Hero Black and additional miscellaneous line carbon fiber vynil and etc. It is very tough for me to get out of it now, but for those of you who are really thinking about this platform, I'd think twice.