As a computer forensics expert, I've seen surveillance systems up close and personal. Most of the readily affordable systems don't deliver useful quality: my assignments have always been to enhance the images so faces and actions were recognizable. The standalone systems were all based on Linux motherboards that were typically underpowered, contributing to the poor results. The Q-See QC808-461 is both noteworthy and remarkable for a number of reasons. First, the images produced by the 720p cameras are usable. While not comparable to the output of a higher-end Nikon or Canon DSLR, facial details in good lighting were recognizable at a reasonable distance. Obviously, results will deteriorate along with lighting conditions and the use of the IR (InfraRed) illuminators. Overall, the imagery produced by the QC808-461 is, based on my experience with other systems, a couple of notches better than the norm. Next, this system is designed for DIY (Do It Yourself) installation - and I am inclined to describe Q-See's efforts in this regard in superlatives. I am one of these people whose first piece of advice is almost always "Read The Manual. (Experienced IT people will notice the absence, for review purposes only, of a certain expletive.) The folks at Q-See have very clearly read the manual on creating manuals: the Quick-Start guides and User Manual are literal masterpieces of clarity, which as most tech consumers know, is a rarity. A patient person reading the directions in the Quick Start guide will be up and running with the Q-See QC808-461 within a very short time. What is particularly interesting is that Q-See provides separate instructions for using the system with AT&T; U-Verse installations using their 2Wire routers, which are very different than more common routers. To me, this indicates Q-See's desire to 1) make the installation process painless for the user, 2) cut down on tech support calls from angry, confused users who can't make their system work. For most, the Quick Start guides will be all that is needed to get the NVR (Network Video Recorder), the cameras connected and operational, the NVR set-up for access via the internet. Q-See provides a PC application as well as apps for Android and Apple devices. I had no problem with the PC and Android software. Q-See also provides a free DNS service so you can view your surveillance cameras from anywhere via the internet. Power-Over-Ethernet (POE) is a clever idea: you don't need separate AC power supplies for each camera. Lighting, motion alarm detection and other features are all available on the NVR itself or through the software. By the way, the NVR is powered by a dual core CPU on a Linux motherboard - not that any average user will ever get near it. The 1 Terabyte drive provides more recording capacity than anyone if likely to use, although you can substitute hard drives of up to 3 TB capacity. Additional cameras may be added via an Ethernet connection. There is also a user manual which is extremely well designed, well written and thorough. It contains instructions on how to do everything with this system in clear English, with lots of informative illustrations. Overall, I think the QC808-461 is a very user-friendly, well-engineered system for providing high-quality surveillance imagery. I think it is darned near perfect for homes and small businesses. There are less expensive alternatives available, but take it from someone who gets paid well to enhance images from those lower-cost systems, saving a penny in acquisition costs may cost you a pound of flesh later when you need clear images. If you're shopping for surveillance equipment, I strongly urge considering the QC808-461. In particular, spend some time with their Quick Start and User Manuals which are available on their website. You'll be impressed.Jerry