I coupled this with 4 Q See night vision cameras and it is simple yet functional. I was hesitant about those systems that were clean and slick to look at but I found out the only way to access menus and control was either from the all in one remote or the mouse. God forbid if the remote got lost or broken then how do you even turn the darn thing on/off. So I admit I am a bit of a traditionalist/hybrid when it comes to electronics. The performance is good, it provides settings for qvga or vga (good/better) images. The unit is lightweight but shell feel solid enough, I put my flat screen monitor on top of it without denting the top of the shell. The back has options for output (VGA, HDMI) which I used the HDMI into a 19" led TV that I found on sale. The menu setup is not as user friendly or intuitive as I'd like but once I played around I kind of understood where/why they put it under what folder.Pro:-Price was usually less than other if not comparable/cheaper than generic no names-Build is better than most I explored-Q See is a name I know of-Compatible with my Swann nanny cams too! In the works for patching them in somehow, if I need to,  I have no problems buying another Q See DVR-Can access menu through optical mouse (included) or button.-Playback remote included w/ batteries-Can be usb backup via external hard driveCons:-The buttons on the unit do not light up...non contrasting scheme makes it somewhat difficult to read.-Menus/software not as user friendly but still better than most I can say that!! Still easier to use than zmodos menusTIP: in menu when searching for recorded files and/or images (in file management) if not sure about time, leave search empty - select the day and just click search. It will pull up the whole day's records.-Remote and mouse feels cheap but it serves its function well. The mouse is USB and optical FYI.-There is no separate manual on/off switch. If you want to shut it down you must go through the menu and it takes longer than I thought to actually shut down or use the stop/esc button on DVR and hold it for 2 secs. The on/off that is supposed to work which is the left button with the red does not turn ON the unit. With no manual toggle..I literally have to unplug it and replug it for it to turn on. Don't know why that is but I see common complains about the same thing and I thought maybe I would not get a buggy unit..I think it maybe design. It is still not enough for me to return it though.Overall, I am pretty happy with it. I will stress that you should couple this with a set of decent cameras though. More tvl means clearer pics so the qsee cams I bought are pretty good considering the price. They are the bullet style cams 600 tvls. Decent detail and fairly accurate color at 30 ft give or take. A few of my indoor mini cams are 450 tvls and u can seen the difference. Generally the safer bet for outside is dont go below 500tvl if that. I didn't need the detail indoors so that's fine. Outdoors I say spring for the better details so u have something substantial for police reports. Decent lower res cam can run about 30 to 60 bucks. The decent tvl res cams will hit about the 50 to 100+ range. Then u have pro which can get insane with pan tilt room etc 150 to hundreds more. I will tweek some of the settings some more on a later date but for now, I see my mailman/UPS dude tossing my mail around like bocci ball and neighbors that don't clean up after their pups..WTH!UPDATE: 11/1/2013 - I expanded my system and purchased a zmodo 8 ch dvr. I am using both just separated them by duty. I will say compared to the zmodo, I still like the functionality of the menus on the qsee more. The Qsee allows to search files by events i.e. motion, power loss etc. The zmodo - it gives a time grid as well with blue range markers to narrow the time frame but unless you have an idea, it seems you maybe replaying the whole day when you were gone. I also noticed that real time display seems clearer from the qsee dvr than the zmodo and I checked the advanced settings. The qsee was running either HDMI or VGA - the zmodo I tried coaxial/RCA and VGA (the zmodo has no HDMI). Eitherway the results were the same and yes, I used the same 600 TVL qsee cams in NTSC/D1.