This mini clock was a great purchase for me. I came looking for a camera that would keep an eye on my bedroom when i'm gone. God knows how many little things go missing, (spare change, rings, watches, necklace etc ), this item works well. its a "set-and-forget" machine, and when the time comes you can have a footage of what happened.Now i gave it 4 stars for a lot of little reasons, and are basically what other people wrote on other reviews, i spend my time reading reviews so ill summarize it for you guys.1) wall charger : is white with a red led light that turns on when plugged in the wall. This is completely absurd, you are trying to get attention away from the mini clock, not towards. The wall charger is not very energy efficient as well. i replaced it immediately, you should do so as well.2) Length of the USB cord : its also white and is only 2 foot long. It works "well" if the clock is in a night stand beside the bed with a plug right behind it. if not,your best bet is to look for an old cell phone charger, and use the usb cable only when connecting to the PC.3) Controls and quick start guide : Even if Nick ( salesperson ) has bent-over backwards explaining how to properly use all the features of this machine, to the extent to even translate the Chinese version of the manual and have it in a pdf file, still does not change the fact that the controls are not very intuitive. Eventually you'll learn everything you need to make it work.4) Radio : This feature is listed in the machine, and you can select it. yet all you hear is static. Reason behind why, is probably because it needs an antenna, and it uses the earphones that it brings as an antenna, but if it got such great speakers why not include a retractable antenna is anyone guess.  I haven't found a way to make the radio work. but since that not the reason why i bought it, I'm not too upset about it.5) Field of vision and sound quality : You've probably seen nick's videos on YouTube and if you haven't you should do that now. The field of vision on this device is pretty narrow, specially when in totally dark environments. My suggestion is to point towards a door as people will be seen coming in and out of it and you'll get a better image of whom you are dealing with. Sound quality is superb, absolutely no complains there, it doesn't have noise canceling mic, but for the price, the sound cannot be better. for audiophile it may be terrible and full of noise, but for a regular person, you can hear crystal clear a conversation taking place in that room A+6) Packaging and product construction : This is where this machine shines. The product itself is very sturdy for its size, it fit in the palm of your hands, yet its a little bulky and pretty well made. Hands down, you can probably drop it a few times and won't make a dent, yet i don't recommend it, as it got an LED screen.In spite of all those pesky things, this clock/hidden camera works very well, and most people won't look at it twice even if you have a bunch of them spread out the house.i took one star cause they need to change a little bit , improve the cable, charger quality, control and quick start guide. other than that (points 1-4) is a flawless design.