I've been looking for some small monitoring cameras that I can leave at my vacation home when it's unattended, and the Dropcam seemed like one of the better options. It's small, easy to power and requires no PC or appliance, instead recording video to a cloud service provided by the vendor.On the positive side, this is one of the easier products of its type to install and configure. You connect the cable to your PC, a configuration program starts, you enter your WiFi information and you're done. Really simple, and I'm sure just about anyone can succeed here - no technical skills needed.There's also a mobile app that gives you live view for free, and if you're willing to pay for it, there's a cloud-based DVR that records your video. The device comes with a two-week trial for the cloud DVR service, so you can get a sense of whether it's worth the money.Image quality is good in bright light - less good in dim or high contrast (that is, mix of bright and dim). It may be HD in the sense that it's 720p, but the video stream is so compressed, there's quite a bit of pixelation and muddiness, to the extent that you sometimes can't even tell who you are looking at from ten feet away. Motion is also somewhat jerky and the images tend to be somewhat blurry if there's lots of motion.Still, this is a great device for, say, baby monitoring or keeping track of when the kids get home. There are a few limitations, however.For one, you can't program in multiple WiFi networks, so if you're like me and you have multiple SSIDs where you want to use the device, you need to plug it into a PC to reconfigure and time you move between networks.Second, the device stand is fairly large and cumbersome given the size of the camera. Yes, you can remove the camera itself and find a way to mount it without the stand - but with the stand (as pictured in the product description), it's a bit too large to be unobtrusive. For example, although I have wide windowsills, the base of the camera is a bit too wide to sit on one of them.Also, the camera itself is not weather sealed and so it's pretty useless for outdoor monitoring. You really can't, for example, park it looking outside a window - the night vision simply reflects off the glass, giving you glare instead of clear outdoor pictures. It's very much an indoor only solution.I have mixed thoughts about the cloud recording approach you get with Dropcam. While the live viewing is free and easy to use from a mobile device, recording is expensive and error-prone, and you're locked into the Dropcam service. I suppose I'd pay $99/year for it if it worked reliably, but I'm not so sure this is the case. Although it advertises it keeps the last seven days of video online, my experience is that you get way less than 50% coverage within that seven day period.The cloud recording approach Dropcam uses is also dependent on lots of bandwidth. I have Verizon FiOS 50mb service - generally screams, but I still couldn't get reliable cloud recording with this device. When I go back and look at the recorded video stream, there are too many "No recording available" segments. As other reviewers mention, you will definitely need to be careful if you're on an Internet plan that limits your monthly usage. Plus, it's hard for me to imagine getting good results with multiple cameras on a single network.Unlike some other cameras that support various network and device standards, there's no way to simply run some PoE network cables to these devices and control them with your own choice of software. You're pretty much locked in to the vendor's apps and network services.There's also flaws in the motion detection software.Another vendor I tried was able to sent me an alert exactly as motion was detected - I could see the person triggering the event, and I really wouldn't have to search through the video stream to figure out what was going on.Not so with the Dropcam. In the first few weeks I owned it, I've had perhaps 100 motion alerts, and exactly zero have depicted the actual person or object triggering the alert. In most cases, because of the holes in the recording, it's rare to find the cause of the alert by reviewing the video stream online. I find this to be very frustrating: you get an alert that the camera detected motion, but you're not able to see what the camera saw.Bottom line is that the Dropcam offers great packaging, simple setup and a good solution for live viewing an indoor object, so long as you have lots of bandwidth. If this is what you're looking for, then it's worth a try.