Let me preface this review by telling you that I am an IT Professional. I've worked with and around computers and networked devices for many years. I have configured most things on a network that can be configured, and have designed and managed network topology of varying degrees of complexity.In short... I understand how to configure a device on a network.As many other reviewers have pointed out - this little camera is a great camera, it works pretty well, has an above average picture, has a very nice range with the PTZ, is diligent about e-mailing me and alerting me to movement within it's range of vision as I have configured it. It works pretty darn well.However...Configuring it was a daunting task - even for me.As others have pointed out - the supplied instruction manual has microscopic type, and is written in pidgeon Engrish. Not a lot of help.I'd also like to point out that a visit to what I believe may have been the correct website to download a proper set up software and a manual in PDF format resulted in a Trojan drive-by on my hard drive. Be Warned.Know this :If your router at home isn't a wireless router - or you don't have a wireless access point hooked to it - you will have to hard-wire the camera of course. You must first hardwire the camera to your router for initial configuration.You WILL have to poke a very specific pin-hole in your router's firewall at a very specific port. You will then have to make sure traffic to and from this port is properly forwarded. This... is NOT necessarily an easy thing to do. You will need a working knowledge of how this is accomplished - or you can forget about it. You should also be familiar with how to set up a network device on a Static IP. This is because if you lose power and the device boots under DHCP and aquires a different IP address than the one you originally set up - the traffic will no be routed to the proper device. Making it Static means that the device will always have the same address - and therefore traffic will always be properly routed to it.I HAVE a working knowledge of these things - and it STILL took me over 2 hours to carefully work my way to getting the little camera functioning properly. Fair Warning.Then... when I tried to change the default password through the provided web interface - the device fouled and locked me out. I had to find out how to reset it to factory settings (little pin-hole underneath for 30+ seconds) and start the configuration process ALL OVER AGAIN.TWICE.Do yourself a favor - FIRST... set up a SEPARATE admin user and password - THEN change the system defaults. So that if it locks you out (and it will) - you still have access to your device and don't have to start from scratch.If you have the intestinal fortitude to properly configure this little camera - it will work for you very well.I have it in the garage - probably 25 meters from the router - and on the other side of several substantial walls - and have very little problems with it.Good luck.You're going to need it.-SM-