I have been interested in wireless ip cams for home security purposes. I found several models under $100 that support wireless connectivity, night vision, remote viewing, and pan/tilt features. I also found reviews saying that some are easy to setup, and some are not. I was hesitant to buy one of those ip cams because I am not network savvy , and I was afraid the ip cam might not work with my Mac. However, I see Lorex offers variety of home monitor models that meet various user needs. This model, particularly, offers worry free setup with various user needs satisfaction. A quick and easy setup guide lets me set this monitor with two camera up and running really easy, within a couple of minutes. It was nice to see that both cams equipped with temperature sensor and displays the current temperature on the monitor. Also, both cameras and monitor are battery operatable and charges rechargeable batteries when connected (it doesn't come with the battery though).  Pan/Tilt camera worked really well day and night, panning and tilting. Also,  I could control pan/tilt with the monitor and the angles were better than I expected. I tried about a week long non stop using, and I was surprised that it never lost the signals and never interfered with my existing wireless devices signals. The monitor is also packed with features. It is half inch wider, quarter inch taller and thicker than iPhone 4 and the screen is a tiny bit smaller (3.5 inch) than the iPhone. But it has built-in battery, speakers, and pop out antenna. It comes with charging dock and that's kind of handy. One thing I can complain about is the monitor's kickstand in the back. It is just weak with a thin plastic piece for standing purposes. If I want, I can just unscrew two bolts and remove it, but in my opinion, it will break off easily during use. The monitor unit on battery lasted about 5 hours with the screen on, and it took about 4 hours to fully charge. Battery life isn't too bad for the monitor, but it only charges with the supplied power adapter, not with the usb port.Remote viewing was my anticipated feature of all, so I installed the camera driver (software CD included) on my mac. I followed the instruction for the Skype connection and was able to work within a couple of minutes. Basically, I connect the monitor unit (receiving wireless cam signal) to the computer using usb cable so my computer recognizes the Lorex camera as a webcam. Then it set ups the Skype auto answer to the caller. This setup was easy and working great. But I wanted to see if it works with other applications since I don't use skype all the times. I tried iCam by SKJM and voila! It worked great too with more great features. I connect the monitor same way I used for Skype, then just select the Lorex cam in the iCam server preference menu. They have both iOS and android apps(paid) available and the server application(free). I prefer this app better than skype because it detects motion (not just audio) and sends push notification to my iPhone. I can also set up the motion recording and view them remotely. However, I couldn't find a way to use both cameras at the same time on this iCam app. An additional separate web cam works along with the Lorex unit, but not the two wireless cams on a single monitor unit. Also I pan/tilt wasn't supported on iCam app.Nonetheless, this wireless video monitor set is great for home security/monitoring, not just watching baby or pet. I thought I might not need a monitor unit if I can just connect and view with my iPhone, but actually, this set gives me more flexibility and choices. Not everybody has the same needs on video monitoring and with this set; a user can choose how  he wants to view and control it. Overall, I am satisfied with this set. It has a great wireless range and good built quality (except kickstand). It is capable of two way talk, remote viewing with Skype and iCam for various needs, and, oh it comes with a 1GB micro SD card for recording.