Original post:I just set up two cameras, one in a detached boathouse about 100' away from my house and one inside the house.  The Powerline connection works so well, I'm ordering two more cameras to give me total coverage of my property.  I previously had a Sharx camera that gave up the ghost after a year and a half.  It worked well, but I could never get the remote viewing option to work.  The Logitec software was almost bullet proof!  I was instantly able to view both cameras via my browser and my Droid, no hassles at all!  What a pleasant surprise! The only problems I've noted so far is that the Android app can't find the cameras the second time you open the app.  A Force Stop and re-open brings everything back.  It's a small price to pay, and I'm sure Logitec will fix that eventually.  The other problem was an incompatability with a Netgear XAV101 Powerline adapter that I was using to connect a Replay TV to my network in a room that wasn't wired for Cat 5.  I disconnected both units (the one connected to the Replay and the one connecting my network to the powerline) and everything on the Logitec side worked as advertised.  After I got the Logitec system up and running, I reconnected the Netgear units to see what would happen.  The Logitec system lost both cameras.  I unplugged the Netgear unit connecting the powerline to my network, and the Logitec system is working again.  UPDATE: Just to see what would happen, I plugged the Netgear XAV101 Powerline adapter that is connected to my Replay TV back in and everything is working as advertised (Alert Cams and Replay TV connected to my network/router through the Alert Powerline adapter).  Glad I didn't have to sacrifice my Replay TV connection to get the Alert cams!BTW, despite what Logitec says in their manual, I connected their master unit to a D-Link DGS-2208 10/100/GB switch and it's working fine.  I do hope their built in surge protection works, as I'm feeling a little naked plugging these expensive cameras directly into the wall sockets!Update:The Android App to view these cameras worked "OK" on my original Droid (lots of Force Stops, but I could usually eventually access the cameras), but there is NO WAY to access the cameras with the HTC Thunderbolt.  When you try to open the Android App it gives you some kind of Memory Error.  If you try to access the cameras through the browser (and I've tried them ALL), there's no way to call up the keypad to type in your account info.  I complained to the Logitech Alert Team they said they were aware of the problem and researching a fix.  That was over a month ago.  I hope they don't sell a single camera until they fix this.BTW, the resolution on both the internal and external models is pretty bad.  Not sure I could ID anyone with them if I had to.Bottom line is that until their customer support improves and they fix their BROKEN Android software, I do not recommend buying the Logitech Alert Cameras.Update:They finally fixed their Android App, but one of my two network connectors fails intermittently (mostly failed, but occasionally works for brief periods).  I have been working with their tech support for over a week and they still refuse to honor their warrantee.  I even offered to buy a replacement network adapter so I can get the two cameras that connect through it back online, but no response from them.  There's no way I'm buying another master system from them, and definately DO NOT RECOMMEND anyone purchase these things until Logitech gets their act togeather!