The cameras, both the "I" (indoor) and the "E" (outdoor) are quite well made. The resolution is excellent for both.  As stated by other reviewers, the outdoor "E" model with its night vision is the more versatile (and expensive) of the two. One has to leave lights on if the indoor "I" model is to be used for 24-hour in-house monitoring and can't be used outside. That said, the indoor model seems to have slightly better resolution and appears to be more motion sensitive with the same software settings.Both types of cameras run warm (which is ok) but it would be wise to make sure any outside mounting is completely shaded for all daylight hours.As for the network adapter, it worked well with my house wiring regardless of where in the house the cameras where plugged in. As a note for network people, a simple home setup is easy. If, however, you have multiple network segments, be sure to put the cameras and the monitoring PC on the same subnet unless you want to do some extra work. Logitech also assumes you have a  firewall and/or a router AND have the DHCP server on the device enabled.One more point, after an "account" is setup with Logitech, the camera(s) initiate and maintain a TCP connection to a remote server.  This is essential for the remote web viewing/alerts. More on thislater.The monitor software setup was a snap and seems to work very well.  The setup was, in fact, "plug and play".  All of the cameras were found within a few seconds. It did not work properly on WinXP64 because of the 32 bit "net framework" included on the installation CD. XP32/Vista was fine (I assume Win7 is good also). Lots of features, functional, nice interface.Comments:As an alternative to a paid professional security system, I'm of two minds. The system is not quite in the same league. This is because the "human" component of the paid system is missing. The human component really being the person at a central office whose intuition, suspicions and experience is difficult to replicate. An example would be the action taken if a phone/cable line was cut or the power turned off.If security is the reason you buy this system, be sure to do a good job concealing both the camera(s) and the wiring during installation.  Be sure to shut the LED's off also.  Otherwise the camera will be easily spotted and destroyed/stolen/disabled. Set a password (via the Commander software) on the camera(s) as well.As I mentioned earlier, the camera(s) setup an external network connection to a remote computer for web access and phone alerts. This is a major selling point from Logitech and a very desirable feature with a potential darkside. Anybody who gets your password, possibly a rogue employee/co-worker, unhappy ex-spouse, password stealing virus or even law enforcement personnel, could view your camera(s) just as easily as you. From anywhere in the world. Instead of you DOING the monitoring, you will find yourself BEING monitored.Summation:Even with the above caveat I think Logitech has made a first-class system. It's well worth the money, and I recommend it highly.