Edit: 6/7/2012Changing my review from 3 to 1 stars. We've only had this unit for 6+ months and after 1 fall on a CARPETED FLOOR it stopped working. I am stuck buying a new system (parent unit + camera), since the parent unit can't be ordered separately. All in all, this was not a good purchase: no support for multiple cameras in web cam mode, no calibration for the thermostat and no durability. Stay away.***We put this monitor through the paces this weekend.  Since we are having twins, we bought an additional camera.  Using the main screen, the images are bright and after some adjustment everything seems to work fine.  I have STRONG words of caution if you are buying this because of the "Skype" features or are planning to plug it into your Windows computer.*You need a CD drive to install the drivers.  There was no place to download the drivers.  You cannot find the product under the main Samsung.com website, you have to go to Samsungsv.com.  Something not smell right? Yeah...  But SamsungSV.com is no help either - no driver download, nothing.*There is no software that comes with this camera.  They don't mention any software and in fact there is nothing, only a driver that allows the camera to be used like a web-cam.  So officially you can't complain about this... but I do find it very odd.  I was expecting at least a lame viewing interface for your computer.*The image when viewing through the main monitor LCD screen is way larger than what appears when you view it as a web-cam.  So if you are aiming that camera at your baby and it looks great on the screen you are carrying around, odds are that most of your baby will be off screen if you try viewing it as a webcam.  This is aweful - in 2011 isn't digital information being carried through a USB cable still digital information?  Shouldn't the image information like image size and format stay the same??  But no.*When viewing as a web-cam, you can only see one camera.  This is very annoying. When using the main viewer, the cameras can be set to auto-rotate.  Works great.  When in USB web-cam mode, this is disabled for some unkown reason.  You CAN change cameras, manually, if you sit and hit the button on the viewer that is hooked into your computer, but that makes no sense if you are trying to use this device over Skype.  And the reason has to be just poorly written software.  Why sell a unit that can support 4 cameras but then not support all 4 cameras for internet viewing?  Sad, for an otherwise great looking product, especially if you have multiple kids/cameras.*Skype - well it "works with" Skype - sorta.  I was able to create a Skype account for the monitor that is hooked up to a dedicated computer.  It can be set to automatically connect to video calls, BUT for whatever reason the camera does not automatically come on, I just get an icon without video.  If I'm with the Samsung unit and the computer, during the call I can hit the "video" button and vwalla! it works.  But again, that doesn't work if you are trying to use it over Skype.  So I am very dispointed with the internet functionality of this unit.  I think the description is misleading in selling the Skype functionality.  Otherwise, I am happy with the portable monitor unit and the cameras.