There is a SERIOUS lack of reviews on this fine product, so I'm writing my first Amazon review to give people more information before they buy.  I would give this a 4.5 because of the few CONS listed below, but since I can't, and there are so many PROS, I'm giving it "5 Stars"We received it in the mail today and the camera is MUCH smaller than we thought it would be, which is great because it fits well on the shelf above our daughter's bed.  The monitor is cool, sleek and feature filled...too cool in fact, we had to have a firm talk with our five year son old about playing with the features because it wasn't one of his disposable toys.The last monitor we had was simply a static radio wave audio monitor which had not worked for some time, and with a new baby on the way we needed something.  We had originally purchased the Motorola MBP36 which seemed great, but as a protective dad, I wanted something to watch how the baby sitters handled my two hellions while we were eating Thai Food.  After hours of reviewing iPhone apps, cameras, monitors, etc, this seemed like the perfect fit.  What sold me was the video: easy to use, set up, and was MAC capable.  The camera doesn't have to be plugged into the computer (like some other baby monitors) but the monitor does (which is great because that's when we'd use it as a nanny cam).With regards to the first review, you CAN actually turn the beeping of the buttons on the monitor down by turning down the Alarm Sound.  So now my five year old and I can geek out swinging the camera around while not waking up the rest of the family.  I wish the camera could be controlled from our iPhones, but as an engineer and a pilot, I think this product is overall pretty sleek.  Here's the breakdown:PROs:- Pan/Tilt all around the room- Auto IR night cam (no need to turn it on like some other cams)- Good quality video day/night (unlike other cams.  Example footage from the Amazon product video is accurate)- Intuitive monitor and simple controls (My five year old gets it)- Camera Skype account was easy to set up with set-by-step directions- No white noise when monitoring.  Just comes on when the kiddo starts cranking.-Nifty features:  - Talk through monitor (to sooth baby or freak out the dog...both work great!)  - Musical soothing tunes  - Skype dial up for mom & dad, or aunts, uncles, grand parents...but they can't see inside your house unless you hook in the monitor and turn on Skype.  - Record onto a mini-SD. Don't have one, but neat.  - Expandable to four cameras, can be the LW2400 ($50-$70) or LW2451 ($91-$150) - prices from Amazon, any other cameras?  - See all four cameras at once (control them one at a time if needed!).  - Auto-sound detection so you don't hear static while you're trying to sleep.  - Temperature monitor and alarms  - Timer alarms, if you need it.  - Extendable monitor antenna to walk down and get the mail.CONs:- Green light is always on the camera (nothing a little electrical tape can't handle)- Auto-sound detection sensitivity is on the camera, not the monitor- Musical tunes rhythm is a little quick, and songs change automatically which is a bummer- Lack of zoom- Lack of tilt/pan through Skype (obviously.  Hopefully Lorex will push a native app as a software update)- 3 Steps to view on Skype as Nanny Cam (not bad, but if you do these out of order, and open Skype first, the Skype camera defaults to the iSight and you have to go back into PREFERENCES and re-select the Lorex camera):  1)  Plug in Monitor  2) Then open Skype to that account  3) Call the Lorex Skype account your set up to viewAgain, I understand the third party app requires help, but I think code could easily be added so that Skype automatically opens when the computer detects the monitor and closes down when the monitor is disconnected.However, these may be considered Nit-Noid CONs to some, and, in fact, they are small potatoes, but some factoids that some may find interesting.  Overall, great camera and system!  I have to go, my son wants to play with the Monitor again!