The Good:* For the price, you seem to get a lot more than you could assemble on your own.  There are 8 security cameras, the DVR, and all of the cable and connectors you need.* 4 cameras are powered from 1 supply back at the DVR itself, so you only need 3 total outlets for the system* Each camera comes with 60 feet of cable, plenty to handle most installations.  They get power from back at the DVR itself.* Cameras have built-in infrared illuminators for night vision which work quite well when outdoors.* Setup was a breeze.  As soon as I plugged in the cameras, they appeared on the display.  I could easily see everything on the screen.* Remote access was easy to setup although problematic in using.* There appears to be a lot of power in the system if I could ever get it working.  Video can be flagged with motion detect alarms, and you can mask parts of the video to only detect motion in areas of interest.  For example, a camera that monitors a window in front of a road can be set to detect motion inside the room, but ignore cars driving outside.The Bad:* Kit was obviously assembled from a few different manufacturers.  DVR has BNC inputs, but cameras have RCA outputs.  The kit comes with adapters, but these add bulk to the back of the DVR, and can create a mechanical reliability issue.  For this price, the cameras should have BNC connectors on them (or the DVR should have RCA).* Remote monitoring through web browser is not entirely stable.  Setting up Internet Explorer properly is time consuming (many security settings must be adjusted), and other browsers are not supported.  A few operations such as Playback gave me non-descript errors, so I could not view recorded video remotely at all.  Some controls crashed the browser.  I was able to view the live feeds, but the UI is sluggish.* There is no iPhone solution to speak of.  Despite all of the hype about using a mobile device, they rely on a 3rd party app that does not work and is 1 star rated in the Apple App Store.  I could not view my feeds from my phone.* Cameras have built-in infrared LED illuminators that cannot be turned off manually.  I wanted my camera behind a window, but at night, the illuminators glare off of the glass.  I want them off, but there is no option to turn them off.* Camera resolution is 480 lines, technically hi-res, but not good enough for facial recognition in many cases.* The included user manual is very weak, so you must go online to understand how all of the settings worked.  Once on the Defender website, a pop-up form asked for my serial number.  No manual matched my serial number, so I had to experiment until I found one that looked right.  Much of the website was like this - broken links, outdated information, and poor access to manuals.* The software may show you a live view, but anything else is counterintuitive.  My cameras were beeping some sort of alarm at me, and it took forever just to silence it, to say nothing for figuring out the problem.Overall, I do not recommend this system.  It was easy to initially setup, but for this price, you could likely do a lot better.