I purchased 2 of these units plus 4 extra cameras as an upgrade to my existing UDW2055. I purchased this unit over the G555/G755/G955 units because, per their manuals, the UDS655 allows for wall mounting with a USB network connectivity to a computer (must use cradle on other unit and no USB) and it has an overwrite option once the SD card fills (other units must be manually deleted once filled).Pros:1) Screen resolution is good. Really like this upgrade vs the UDW unit.2) Unlike some of the reviews, I think Uniden support is very good. I've called 2x and got immediate US based support. Kind of sad that I had to give them both DID numbers to add to their server for remote access.3) Pretty easy to setup, but took some tinkering to get the iPhone/iPad remote access to work4) Per another review it does not significantly slow down wifi. I have a Lynksys W2000 dual band. I turned off the 5 ghz channel and did bandwidth tests with all 8 cameras on and both units networked. Nearly no drop. If you are concerned, get a dual band and run your home wifi on the 5 ghz channel.5) There is no firmware upgrade needed on this unit, so I think the previous reviewer is mixing up units.6) Unbelievably I discovered that my bluetooth mouse was blocking networking of the cameras. I have the units hooked up each to a laptop that is wireless on my home wifi. To my amazement it was not working at all until I took out the USB bluetooth adapter for the microsoft mouse on one of the laptops, then whoala, both worked fine.Cons:1) Signal strength is much weaker that UDW units. I put cameras and monitors in the exact same locations and 6 of them do not stay linked. I've purchased more powerful antennas to remedy this. If it doesn't work I'm returning everything!2) 2 of the 8 cameras were faulty. One had a loose internal camera. The other had a large dark spot3) The 2 base monitors interfere with each other. I get better, but still not satisfactory, reception to cameras when I turn off one of the screens. A few of the cameras are at about 25' with 2-3 sheatrocked and wood framed walls, and still no consistent 2+ bar reception!4) Cannot network 2 units with 1 computer via USB's. Each monitor must have it's own computer for networking. There needs to be a software update for this. Just silly!5) Motion detection is not per individual camera. What I mean by this is if any camera detects motion, it records in split screen mode and records all 4 cameras. This gives you a single image recording of all for cameras which is just horrible resolution. Again these needs to be fixed via a firmware update!6) Can only view recorded footage with Uniden software player. Come on! I absolutely hate this mediocre player. I can't zoom in on footage. I can't even make the player viewing window bigger. I hope to find something else that will play these files.So, I've spent ~$900 to upgrade. Really questioning if the remote access is worth it, as this is really the only significant upgrade I'm getting over the UDW systems...that is if I can get the camera signal intensity issue fixed.12-7-13 update;So after tinkering with antenna positioning, all kinds of new antennas and extension cables, including 7 Dbi directional, I finally determined the signal issue was with the base units. I had 2 units wall mounted with 6" apart. The units interfere with each other! Allowing about 10 ft of separation solved most of the signal issues. So I now have a unit at either end of the house. Unfortunately the signal strength is still not strong enough to completely roam around my house and pick up all cameras, but I've paired each unit to the 4 closest cameras and this will have to do.