OK, out of the box - apprehensive.  Lots of reviews on how bad the setup is.  Other than being childish with a lot of broken english, all is well until we get to the router setup.  Error 101 - please reboot all your computers, kill power on house for 15 minutes and try again!Yeah, right.I suspect that was because my IP is NATing and I don't have an external IP.Oh, did I mention you probably need to be very savvy to get anywhere unless you are lucky?Since I had another internet connection to try, which DOES provide an external IP, it pretty much went without a hitch on that.Pros - for the most part, it works.  I have seen a lot of flakiness noted elsewhere, but that may be my ISPs, which are  not super reliable (hence why I have 2!)motion detection out of the box stinks.  There is a utility to set a different sensitivity to up to 3 areas of the lens view. BUT!!!ConsIn order to use it, you need to have Internet explorer 6+ 32 bit version.If you use a Mac, you need virtual PC installed.If you are on Windows 64 bit, IE will not work!  This isnt stated in the manual.  I was able to get it to work my using Windows virtual PC. (Oh, and the manual talking about setting it says move to right to increase sensitivity, but it is actually to the left.)So the manual - either wrong in many instances, or does not explain what some of the features on the screen actually do.Internet Monitoring.  You may be led to believe you can also monitor the sound.  Yes, but only in Internet Explorer.The software - uggh!Incomplete - not much feedback on whether what you did worked, if you have issues, there is a Status screen that shows geeky IP stuff, not useful info like camera wireless signal strength, or other clues that might help understanding why there are issues.  But like I said, if you are a geek, go to appendix D and see the cgi routines which you can use, but REALLY should be used by their own GUI, IMO.Nice feature to send an email when it detects motion.  There is a big giant 'Test email' button.  Click it, you get your test email if you set it up right, and then POOF!!!!  Everything you just typed in is GONE!As noted elsewhere, settings do not always stick, and I needed to apply 3-4 times to get what I wanted.Motion detection - if you use video, you can record up to 4 seconds leading up to the trigger.  Better than the Lorex system, that usually triggered when subject was off screen, but 4 seconds may not be enough.  And post recording is only 1 second?  Not sounding real useful to see 5 seconds of stuff - probably not enough to get a good look at the face shot of the guy robbing your place blind.If you ALSO turn on the function to ALWAYS record and then use motion detection to look up the full video, that could work, but - I have yet to get THAT to work.Camera is an indoor camera, and can not see in the dark.$25 a year to view on the internet.  If you are a geek, you can sign up with a FREE DDNS company and do a manual setup.[...]etcSo, if the cons are no concern for you, its flakey, its crude, its tempermental, but its cheap.Not sure if I can use it though.