Very disappointed in this baby monitor. I love the samsung brand. I have a Samsung galaxy phone and tablet and really enjoy them, but this baby monitor does not compare at all. For six months I have been using the Levana 32102 Era Advanced, it is much cheaper than this monitor and has a smaller screen but I must say I think I like that one much better than this samsung one.First, whenever you turn on this baby monitor it plays a little tune. Which isn't good in my house because usually I am using the baby monitor when my baby is sleeping and this tune is loud enough to wake him from another room. Plus I am in the habit of turning on the monitor before I leave the room and I have woke him a couple times because of the tune this monitor plays when it boots up. Very annoying.Then, I usually use this in the mornings when I am getting ready for work and it is still dark so I use the night vision a lot. But the night vision on this monitor blacks out every 3 seconds, then shows the feed for 3 seconds then blacks out for another 3 seconds the entire time it is on! It is frustrating. What is happening it is goes from night vision to regular mode every 3 seconds! And because the room is dark I only see a black screen. During the day when I use it, it also cycle through from night vision to regular mode every 3 seconds, it is so annoying!Also, the quality of the video is horrible. It is not crisp at all. It is blurry and the color is horrible. The color on the screen looks blurry in night vision an fuzzy in regular. One time I couldn't even figure out how my baby was positioned because the quality is so horrible. The Levana 32102 Era Advanced screen is smaller but the quality is much more crisper and I can see my baby breath and everything from that screen. I love the size of the samsung baby monitor screen but what good does it do when the video is blurry, bad quality and bad color? Plus, it blinks in and out every three seconds from night vision to regular so it frustrates me even more!The camera can sit on flat surface or hang on the wall and it comes with two screws if you want to go with the latter option. I hung my on the wall and the camera does move very well so you can get it to the right angle to see your baby in the crib. It moves up, down, side to side, back and forth. So, one of the pluses is the camera has good angles that you can have it anywhere and position the camera.There is a sleep button on the monitor so you can turn off the video and hear only. There is also a VOX option which blinked off and on from night vision to regular as well every 3 seconds.Overall I am disappointed with the blinking off and on every 3 seconds. It is harder to focus on what is going on when it constantly goes to from night vision to regular mode. It doesn't matter what the lighting is in the room it does it no matter what making me not want to use this monitor. Guess I will stick to my cheaper Levana 32102 Era Advanced.**********Update 5/15/2013********************I updated my review based what another customer told me. He told me that to stop it from going from night vision to regular vision is to put black tape over the sensor found below the power on/off switch. I put some black duct tape over it and now when it is dark in my baby's room it no longer cycles through every 3 seconds from night vision to regular. HOWEVER, it still goes back and forth when there is light in the room during the day. But, it isn't as noticeable, just a bit of a color change every 3 seconds. I can deal with that, I hated it when it would go completely black when it went out of night vision in the dark. And this fixes that. But still it has the annoying tune when turning it on, so it really only goes up a half a star for me because of that and it still blinks in and out during the day too.