I've had two 8 channel Zmodo DVR's (one was returned due to bad channel inputs), and two 16 channel Zmodo DVR's.  Lets just say I have pretty good experience with this company's CCTV equipment.I have 24 cameras installed in and around my home connected to 16 and 8 channel Zmodo DVRs.  My friends and family think I am crazy, or a pervert, or both.  I don't care.I can view my cameras from my Android based tablet and phone, both using "IP Cam View Pro" the absolute BEST app for viewing Zmodo DVR's.  Contact me if you need help setting up this app with your DVR.  I can also help with your router and port forwarding if you need it.I do love these DVR's even though the directions are written by an idiot, and I say this strongly because Zmodo can pay someone with decent english skills to re-write the manuals so that they make sense.  When you take your DVR out of the box.  Take the manual and CD and throw them away.  They're useless.Make sure you set the "maintain" feature to be enabled for a daily reboot.  Without this, they will eventually stop responding via network (browser or your phone).Each DVR I have uses a different active-x Internet exploder based program to view the channels.  They all suck.  But what they do nicely is show you the video.  It's not HD, but we don't need HD to see when the UPS driver is coming down the drive, or your buddies are throwing cigarette butts in your yard.This is OT, but before throwing out the camera that gets really blurry (and it will), take it completely apart and unscrew the lens from the circuit board and clean.  These may work outdoors, but they're not sealed in anyway.  They let moisture in and get dirty relatively quick.  Oh, and the IR LED's can go bad, or something that triggers them goes bad.  Overall, I've had decent luck with the cameras, and for $65 you can get 4 new cameras, each coming with 60' of cable, mounts, and the power adapter.There is other software that Zmodo "says" works with their DVR(s), but I have done nothing but wasted time installing it and uninstalling it after trying different things they suggest.Bottom line, they are pretty good for how cheap they're priced at.  I have 4 out of 32 cameras die or piss me off enough to get slammed on the ground.  I had one 8 channel DVR get RMA'd due to bad inputs.  And their top of the line 16 channel DVR with 16 audio inputs and all the bells and whistles, it's network connection would die frequently and stop responding.  It would require a reboot to work again.  Actually, I've had many network issues with the DVR's that use the same active-x software.Getting the videos off the DVR's is a painfull process.  I have one DVR where the .264 files that it saves is skewed out of aspect.  The resolution of the videos you get are 700x200 instead of something that's 4:3 aspect.Zmodo's support crew is very friendly, but they don't have a problem telling you DVR you bought from them isn't covered by warranty.