I got this in last night and have spent around three hours playing around. I'm technically quite savvy. I'll list the good and the bad below:*THE GOOD*- pan and tilt works and is quiet- night vision not bad. Due to the LEDs that support it (growing red faintly) if you have this camera no a porch and get a lot of reflections on, say, the railing, you'll not be able to grab anything further away. I think that's more a fault of the kind of caliber night vision reasonably expected in a sub $100 camera than this camera itself. When tried indoors without any bugs around, though, I saw constantly "wisps" of movement across the screen- On Windows 7 following the quick-install instructions I got the wired signal happening right away and then next up the wireless (I used WEP encryption with my router) worked fine, too--first time*THE BAD*- picture quality is ghastly. Like, shocking. If you could take the movie The Human Centipede and apply its awfulness to picture quality you'd have this. In 2011 I'd expect better even from a super cheap camera in basically any product- Terrible "Engrish" in the quick-install. Engrish being when a person with poor english writes something in english. There's just no darn excuse for that. I could have translated the manual to decent english in literally 20 minutes. Why can't Foscam find somebody to do this, buy them a case of beer for their trouble and be done with it? Shameful.- flaky wireless. I said above wireless hooked up first time, and it did. However, it's really iffy--even with the camera 5' away from my router it's as if the wireless bandwidth is often dial-up in performance. The result is that frame rates can be very low (down to a couple/second) and very, very regularly when I try and bring up the camera's website it will time out...or it will load up the entry screen with "undefined" as all of the web controls' labels. While trying to figure out if it was wifi range or simply the camera getting choked up and unable to send back signals I went start > run, "cmd". Then "ping 192.168.1.111 -n 10" (that IP being the iP of the camera). One would expect 10-30 ms responses for something on a local network but this would even time out the occasional request and average over 100 ms, with some responses 200-300 or even more. I didn't try this test wired- Software is pretty bad. The main complaint actually is that it requires a browser running (IE if you want all features). Therefore, if you have the idea that you want this camera to be running autonomously for days or weeks on end just sending back FTP images (as I had wanted), you can forget it. Requiring an instance of IE running at all times to manage it is absolutely unacceptable. There are plenty of third party IP camera applications such as ispy connect that could work in this capacity (basically in the background), but they cannot make the camera more responsive or solve its flaky wifi.*CONCLUSION*I think this camera would solve its purpose if you're ok with babysitting it regularly. So that means checking in on employees every once in a while for example, but I wouldn't trust it to run long term without needing attention. I'll be trying a different brand. For "true autonomy" you need a better camera than these $100 or $200 cameras are, like Mobotix, which has image processing on board. Seems to me a much better approach to life, and it can by itself send images around where they need to go. That is not a slight against this camera though since all in its price range require hand-holding by a PC. I strongly suspect that in this price range the better approach is to rely on ethernet, like the Panasonic that Amazon sells for a little over $100 but isn't wireless. Its night vision is supposed to be worse than the foscam, but better software and day time images.