First, it's possible that maybe I just got a dud. However, from reading other reviews, it seems I'm not alone. I could replace this camera with another, but instead, I'll get a refund and search for another model. Still, the features I could see looked nice, even if they weren't able to actually work. Here are some problems I faced. * After being on for a few minutes, the camera would lose network connectivity, forcing me to restart it (by unplugging the power) to make it usable again. I'm not sure if this depends on what type of scene it is aimed at or not, but it definitely wasn't going to work for me.* The device was never able to find my wireless network--or any others, for that matter. I had to use the wired connection. This was not a configuration issue on either end. Even after a reset and making sure my network was in the 2.4 GHz bands of 802.11n (and b/g), this camera could not find it--or any of my neighbors' that my computer can also see. My SSID contained only letters, no spaces or symbols.The above made it pretty useless for me. However, here are a few good things about it that I was able to discover:* You do not need to use D-Link's software to set up or manage the camera. There is a Web interface. You'll just need to find the camera's IP address and view it in a Web browser (you can do the same with most network printers, for example). If you don't know how to do this, however, you might be better just using their software. The one on the CD only works with Windows. Some of their cameras have Mac versions available on their website; I didn't care enough to look since you don't need it.* You don't *have* to use D-Link's cloud/MyD-Link service. However, again, if you're not comfortable setting up your own alternative, you might want to. What I did (with great difficulty given how finicky the camera was) was set up an FTP server on my home LAN for a file share I could access with a username and password I used just for this purpose. You can configure the camera to upload images via FTP. (You can also do e-mail if you provide SMTP server info.) I didn't want to expose this publicly, which is fine for the camera itself since it's also on my LAN. To view when I was away, I VPNed (via a separate service I configured) into my home LAN and then connected to the file share. Obviously, an off-site solution would be better, but this is the best I could do. And of course, the average person will not want to do this--but I just wanted to note that you don't *need* D-Link's offerings. You can save either on a timer (every 'x' seconds) or via motion detection. I was never able to get motion detection to work before the camera crashed.* For remote viewing of the camera live, I'd rather go via the previous method of images the camera saved (not quite live but close), but I could also use the camera's Web interface and view either a still image (refreshing as needed) or launch a Java applet that would give real-time video (and audio, though of questionable quality). Sometimes starting the Java applet crashed the camera, however, and made me reboot it.Besides the things i mentioned first, there are a couple more bad things:* As far as I can tell, the camera can't actually save video, only images. You can configure how many/how often, but this still caught me off guard that I could only get a folder full of JPEGs.* Reset button is very hard to press (paper clip was too big; I needed to use SIM card tool), and WPS button is very easy to press. I suspect most people won't need to reset as much as I did, and WPS wasn't a big deal for me because WiFi didn't work for me on it anyway (though I'd rather set it up manually in any case), but I did accidentally press it a few times.The camera itself is fairly lightweight, and the base should mount (bring your own adhesive or whatnot) to flat surfaces if you want. You can manually move the camera a bit on the stand, but there is no pan or tilt functionality in the software.This camera could at least be decent if it worked better--the feature set isn't bad, and the hardware, while light, feels good. Importantly, image quality was also good enough for security purposes as far as I was able to tell. Unfortunately, the unstable firmware on the device itself made it unusable for me, and I am looking into other options.