I have a lot of issues with this product, but to sum it up, the cameras seem to be ok but the DVR isn't close to what the description makes it out to be. Do not buy this if you want a real security camera system.I purchased this camera system after my truck was broken while parked in my driveway in front of my home.I began by setting up the system and connecting all four cameras to ensure everything worked properly, which it did. I got good images on all four cameras, they switched from day to night more with a click from the relay. Next I got the network setup to allow me to hide the DVR away in my closet. I completed the installation and setup over the network.I installed three of the four cameras in strategic spots around the outside of my house to allow me to monitor these areas. I next configured the alarm and recording settings. After playing with the various resolutions, I settled on the highest as the other settings where inadequate. In order to make out facial features, the person had to be no further than 5-8 feet from the camera. Considering the camera was mounted 15 ft off the ground, this only leaves a little margin. Here is when the real issues became apparent....I could not get the recording resolutions and other settings to work in the highest resolution. I tried many combinations and in the end, I had to call customer service. After sitting on hold for 10 mins I got online and tried their chat interface. After another 5 - 10 mins, a rep connected with me on chat. After going around and around with this person telling me my network was to blame and another 5 mins, I was finally connected with a rep on the phone. She also insisted at first the issues I was seeing was because I was connected to the DVR over my local network and that they do no support a switch between the DVR and my laptop. Being a network engineer, I found this ridiculous and insisted we move on. What I did find out after some persistence was that the DVR only supports 50 fps across ALL cameras in the highest resolution setting....or that is what they were telling me. In reality, what I found was that it actually only supported 4 fps for one camera in the highest setting. However, when you play it back, the playback speed is accelerated and seems to be proportional to the fps setting. For example, when you set it to 4 fps, it plays back at 4x normal speed. I have since been able to get the middle resolution to work at 8 fps on three cameras. Next I turned my attention to the motion detection and alarms....I had originally placed the cameras in my attic while I was running the cables. At the default sensitivity, the motion alarm when off every three minutes (also a default setting) even though nothing in the cameras view was moving. I've since mounted them all outside. I've had to turn down the sensitivity all the way to the lowest to keep the alarm from constantly going off. In addition to a car or person coming into the field of view, I've the following is a list of other things which set off the motion alarm. The list was compiled at the lowest sensitivity.snow falling from the skysnow falling from trees which previously had fallen from the skyrain falling from the skybirdssquirrelsblowing treesshadows of blowing treeschanging from day to nightchanging from night to dayspiders (that was pretty cool to watch actually)ghosts