Update:  Well it looks like despite, my 5 star review, they didn't send out whichever free gift they were promising.  So I won't be able to share what exactly they were bribing reviews with.  Do yourself a favor and stay away from these H.264 pieces of junk.  Your maximum character limit for a password on one of these devices is 7 characters.  If you enter more than that, you'll have to reset your camera to be able to access it again.>Warning, I'd really rate this cam a 2 star but read comments below to find out why I put 5 stars.Let's see... I guess it depends on how you want to use this.  It works fine in IE and with it's included software.  If you intend to view this on an Android phone, think again.  Ipcam viewer Lite/Pro can't use the send audio feature on this cam, and receiving audio is only in the Pro(paid) version. Worse, if your app can't use the rtsp stream (H.264) than you will be using the HTTP stream which seems to get less that 1/fps. Google it, many people are having this problem (it doesn't matter if it's connected wireless or wired, on the local lan or over the web). TinyCam Monitor Pro can't receive audio or send audio and you will have to find a camera profile that uses a similar HTTP feed. Again, you will get less than 1/fps since these programs cannot access the rtsp stream.Esky does have an android app that is not on the market, you have to download it from their link. I haven't tried it because they force you to register for an account with them and I don't believe there app will work with my other 3 cameras (non-Esky) that I have in the house. I do not want to use 2 different apps on my phone to access all of my cameras.Blue Iris can access the rtsp stream and gets up to 30fps. I was able to use the PTZ functionality of the cam but the commands seemed to lag. The audio functions would not work.Now here is the best part.  In my box, there was a card for a "rewards" program.  If I put up a five star review on Amazon or Ebay, they will send me a free gift "I'm sure to like".  Bribes?  I googled and could not find out what the "reward" is.Also, I have updated the firmware to the latest one available.  The cam seems to reset itself alot and when I have it hooked up wirelessly, the framerates from the the other cams on my network (both wireless and wired) seem to drop very low whenever I access this cam's http stream.  My network is a 1000mbps network with 1 router, 1 x 1 gigabit switch.Bottom line,  most apps are not compatible with the new H.264 cams.  If you want to be a beta tester and wait for this functionality to be implemented in other applications then get this cam.  If you only need one cam in your home and you don't mind using IE to access your cams features, this cam will work for your needs as well.