I purchased this to take pictures at night of my front deck. It worked great right out of the box, the instructions were simple and easy to understand, and the controls are very user friendly. The daylight pictures are crisp, clear, and in color. The night pictures are black and white due to the infrared. The down side was that the camera requires an SD card (that must be placed in a different devise to view the pictures) and four D batteries (both of which are not included).  The big thing was that after about a week the night pictures became dark and very difficult to see anything, but occasionally one would come out clear. I accepted the night picture quality considering that the daylight pictures were as good as any digital camera could be and the other features were ok.  Where this camera really failed me was the one night that I needed to know what activity was on my deck, the file that had the pictures somehow got an error and could not be opened. I thought this was just a freak error, but two days later the same thing happened. I called Primos and was told they would replace the camera with an updated version, the only thing is that I have to pay to ship it to them.  After I sent it in I had checked their website and it stated they were out of stock and would be sent when the shipment came in. I called and was told that they did have them and that it would be sent out that day, but that it would be an identical model unless I was willing to pay for an upgrade. It did arrive in two days, but it would not work at all. I put in the batteries and the SD card and turned it on but could not set the time or date. When I called customer service to let them know what issues I was having, and that apparently this one was a reconditioned unit because the package had been opened, I was told that it was tested before it was shipped (which seemed odd because it did not work). They did send me a return label this time so I did not have to pay for shipping.  Just like the first time, I waited long enough for them to receive it and called to verify and to get an idea of how long it would be before I could expect to have it sent back, and once again I was told that it would ship out that day. After a week, I had not received it I called again, only this time I asked to talk with the supervisor of customer service. I had to leave a message and several hours later Jimmy Primos himself called me back. I explained the issues I had encountered with both of the cameras and how I felt that the customer service people had repeatedly gave false information. He assured me that he would resolve the issue and call me back. Well, about 15 minutes later the customer service representative called me back, not Jimmy. She was very defensive and spoke as if I was to blame for all of the problems I had with the cameras.  I have receive the second replacement camera and it has been operating for about a week, but the first one worked good for a short time also. Bottom line is; I paid $81.00 for the camera, $12.00 shipping, $6.00 batteries, $10.00 SD card, $12.00 return shipping, so I have over $120.00 invested in this game cam that, more than likely, will not last very long. I can only base my experience with this company on this one product, but if it is this much of a problem with their base model, I could only imagine how their other products really are. One thing is for sure, I will not be buying any other Primos products.