This monitor is amazing.  Over the last 3 and a half years I have bought and returned probably 5 monitors.  We ended up with a Summer monitor for the first 2.5 years, then it finally broke and replaced it with a Summer Bestview.  The only problem is that model (bought in January 2011) is discontinued and with a second baby on the way we need a second camera which is no longer available.  I have been researching for weeks now, reading every review on Amazon and other sites and decided to order the Motorola MBP36.When I wrote this review a few weeks ago, a second monitor was not available anywhere.  Although they are not available on Amazon yet (as of 9/1/2011), they are available online at other major baby stores where you "buy" stuff for babies (hint hint).  I just ordered one today, which now makes this the perfect monitor.PROS- LCD UnitFirst of all, the LCD screen is huge.  It is 3.5" diagonally.  For reference, and iPhone is also 3.5".  The aspect ratio is a bit more square than an iPhone, but you get the idea.  The unit is very thin, its about as thick as a typical men's wallet.  It is lightweight, has a nice kick stand that seems very sturdy and nice, grippy rubber feet on the bottom that are very unobtrusive but work great.  There is an antenna across the top back that can flip up if you need it to get better reception, but we have never needed it, even when two floors away.  There are 4 buttons on each side of the screen, 4 directional that control camera, volume, menu navigation, a menu button, an "ok" button, a video on/off button and a microphone button.  They are well placed, it is not a huge problem to have to hit the menu to get to volume, we had to do the same on the Summer Bestview and it is the first menu option (i.e. hit the menu button and it is already in the volume option, so just hit up/down from there).As you can tell from the pictures, the unit has pretty good industrial design too, which seems to be the trend in baby monitors now.  Battery life is decent, it works enough to have a daytime nap and then use it again in the evening without charging in between.  Your not going to get more than 3-4 hours out of it if you use the LCD a lot though.  There is a series of LEDs across the top that indicate how much noise your kids are making, and there is a very accurate temperature display (based on reviews, sounds like Samsung temp is off by 10 degrees, but this unit matches the thermostat outside the room so I'm assuming spot on).- CameraThe ability to scan and pan is great, very quiet and no likely to disrupt your kid.  There is a small green LED on the front of the camera, but you can't see the infrared lights in the dark (unlike our Summer Bestview which looks like 10 little LEDs in the dark).  The zoom is not great, kind of hard to get to on the menu and it is only a digital zoom that crops the center of the picture and doubles it.  It is small and can be placed pretty much anywhere.  The picture that it sends to the handheld unit is great (as far as baby monitors go).  It isn't going to win a technical Oscar, but it is very clear. The huge LCD screen helps.  In daylight it is incredibly crisp and vibrant.  I haven't noticed any interference with WiFi, but haven't really tested either.  It operates at 2.4GHz and we mostly have 5Ghz 802.11n devices, so we are in a different bandwidth that doesn't conflict.If you have additional cameras (up to 4), you can set the monitor to manually scan through them, it will stay on each one for 12 seconds based on what it says in the manual.  You can have up to 4 cameras, but there is no ability to see multiple ones on the the screen at once (like the Lorex).CONSI guess a minor quibble might be that you can't put batteries in the camera, but the old monitor had this functionality and we never used it in 2.5 years so not an issue for me.  One other possible thing worth mentioning is that the monitor unit takes a proprietary battery, very similar to what a lot of cordless phones have.  One other minor thing worth mentioning is that the infrared LEDs at night are not very bright from 10 feet away, we are just going to put a shelf near our 3 year olds bed so that it will be closer (think of the LEDs around the camera as flashlights for night vision).I can say without reservation that this thing deserves 5 stars after a 3 full weeks with it.  My wife loves the size of the screen, the light weight monitor, the portability, ease of use etc.  Its a very cool product.*Update 8/24/2011* minor spelling correction (sales to sails) and added clarifying point in final paragraph "even though it supports 4 cameras", which was already mentioned above but needed reiterating.*Update 9/1/2011* Removed comments about additional cameras not being available since I bought one today.  Added a few minor updates to the review.