This is my third surveillance system.  My first was a Q-See 8 channel with 4 cameras.  It works fabulously.  The second system I bought was a Swann, and compared to the Q-See, it doesn't measure up.  So, needing a third system for the property I manage, I am getting another Q-See.Q-See DVR is top quality.  It's very easy to record, search for events, and backup just specific sections of a recording to a flash drive.I was pleasantly surprised to see that this system's DVR has some features that I hadn't even thought about before I bought it.  In addition to the usual BNC to RCA cable, the ethernet port and cable, vga port and 2 usb ports, it also has HDMI output plus an HDMI cable, and an ESATA port for connecting an external SATA HDD.Also, the indicator lights on the front are a pleasant pale green, which is so much better than that glaringly bright blue that DVRs normally have.  This makes a big difference to me since I keep one system in my bedroom.  Normally, I cover the front lights with tape, but with this one I don't have to.Fortunately I had a camera scanning the entrance to our community and was able to catch a man breaking and entering a truck parked near the entrance.  The tenant hadn't locked his truck so the thief was able to grab the tenant's stereo system from the truck and run.  Luckily, I was able to show the police the entire event on camera and handed the officer the recording on a flash drive.  The theft occured just after dusk, so the infrared night vision was on, and still, the quality was good enough for the police to identify the thief.Here's a tip I'd like to pass along:We have a large property with 4 separate buildings.  I'd been struggling to figure out how to run cable to put up cameras all over the property.  I even contacted ADT to get an estimate.  It was astounding what they wanted to charge!!! Over $20,000.00 to put up just 6 cameras and monitor them!!  GEEZ!I finally realized that all I need to do is to set up separate systems in each building's utility closet, drill 1 hole in the wall to run the cables to the roof and 'voila!' - DONE!  No trenches to dig, no long cables to run underground and under concrete sidewalks!!The reason this works is because I discovered that just about the only time I review the video is after the fact.  You can just about NEVER watch a crime in real time.  So, far better to have video surveillance everywhere and be able to provide the police with the recordings.In my opinion, Q-See is the best system around, and I'm sticking with this brand.  Customer service has been excellent, too.  I only needed to call them once for a little advice when I first started, then everything is really easy so I don't need to call anymore.UPDATE!!One big caution: I learned the hard way that the DVR is preset to motion sensor ON. This is the first CCTV DVR I ever purchased from Q-SEE that was set like this. I had thought that something was wrong with the hard drive, that it was not recording right.When I reviewed all of the settings, I found out about the motion sensor setting and realized why my recordings had blank spots. Once I set it to Motion Sensor OFF, everything is working fine.I don't like to use motion sensor. However, if you do prefer to use it, I still recommend that you check the settings and make sure they are set the way you like it. This system is very versatile, so you can do lots with it!