Using for: Outside- Residential Front and Backdoor security (wifi / IP)-Pros: Price, Easy Install (prior networking knowledge), Great Video Software, iPhone & brower viewing, Great night vision, Great quality video/picture, good frames per second-Cons: Power Cord length, No wind screen to prevent wind noise on Mic, If outside the sun conditions will ALMOST wash out the area in the direct sun (Sunrise/Sunset) But you can still make out faces. Midday is great otherwise. Viewing angle not the best for outdoors, but tolerable.--------------------------------------------------------I was looking for some security cameras for some time when I finally came across this IP(wifi) camera. The install CD takes you step by step on setting it up. (Plug this in, click continue, unplug this, etc). Had a few hickups, but it was my router settings.I bought 2 of these at an office supply store. One for the front yard and one for the backyard (how to weatherproof at very bottom of review). For the front yard I have it between my security door and my front door. So no one can tamper with the unit and my door is covered by a patio overhang. The powercord goes over the door and inside the house to an outlet (with an extension cord of course).I have both cameras set up to record (with included software on local PC) when it senses movement in designated areas. If you go to the cameras IP address on your local network you can get into the settings and have it email/text you images if it senses movement in more designated areas (different from the program). I have it text me 6 pictures of the movement 2 before and 3 after the movement. To have it text you, find your carriers email address that allows you to do this. IE: I use ATT so I have it send to xxxxxxxxxx@mms.att.net (x's denote your cell number). So you'll get a text instead of an email.I ran into one problem with the video feed lagging when I tried to watch both feeds at the same time on the software. I narrowed it down to the router channel it uses to transmit wifi signal. It was on 11 and I switched it to 1, worked like a charm. Both cameras are being viewed Highest resolution and quality and Frames per second.I tried this camera for the inside the house and it works better than as an outside camera. Definitly a great IP camera.(Optional Reading. DIY Weather proofing this camera)The backdoor I had to make it weatherproof and night vision to still work behind the plexiglass.- 2"x2"x4" plastic junction box (home depot)- Lexon (plexiglass) sheet- outdoor extension cord- gap filler (yellow can)First I cut the lexan to be the same size as the cover of the box. Drilled a hole in the bottom for the extension cord to fit into the box. Plugged the power supply from the camera and the extension cord inside the box. Used the gap filler to fill in the gab between the hole and the cord to make it weather proof (wait for it to cure). Put the entire powersupply cord inside the box and the camera ontop of it (had to remove the bracket on the back of the camera with a vice). Put the lexon glass ontop and screwed it in (there is a rubber gasket provided). Then clear silicon around the glass to further weather proof it. Now the camera is sitting flush with the plexiglass so the night vision IR doent bounce off the glass and back at it self. So it works perfectly for my application.