I purchased 2 of these directly from Amazon after doing quite a bit of research.  I simply wanted to monitor my front yard and driveway and maybe use one as a baby monitor down the road when we have a kid.Setup was very simple as other reviewers have noted and I was up and streaming live video in just a few minutes...very cool.  The hardware is very simple and modern, dare I say even Apple-esque and seems to be of very high quality.  First impression of the video feed was, "this is HD??; Even with a very fast broadband home connection the video was somewhat choppy and the resolution was far from what I would consider High Definition.  It is quite acceptable but just don't expect it to look anything like the 720p cable you watch on your HDTV.The "Purple Haze">>> Once I got my 2nd Dropcam setup and viewed the streams side by side I noticed one of the cameras video feed was very "purple" as colors were not true to life.  Green grass looked gray, Blue sky looked not so blue, green trees were just outright purple = This is what people that do acid must see lol...To demonstrate this (see user attached pictures), I set the cams up right next to each other looking at the same view from the same vantage point.  I then went upstairs to view the video streams on my dual monitor PC.  One cameras video is normal (left screen), the other has aforementioned "purple haze"(right screen)  This ain't cool...I have seen other complaints about this color issue and it seems Dropcam is aware of the issue.  I have a support ticket in as I write this and will update this review when it is resolved.  Hopefully it is just a firmware/software update and not a hardware flaw that necessitates a return.Other than the color issue the camera is great.  The Android app works well and connects 95% of time within ~10 seconds.  A couple times it failed to connect and you have to close the app and restart, no biggie.  Odd issue that has happen twice...when viewing the app on my Nexus 7 it shows a "live feed" of my driveway during the day BUT it is clearly night time outside and dark.  I press the "go live" button and its says "you are live!" haha.  A restart of the app fixes this and displays the correct live feed.The DVR function works as advertised and is very user friendly, I am not sure If I want to pay the $10/mo after the 14-day trial period is over though ($5 for additional camera so $15/mo in my case).  The cool thing is that if you are using this as a security camera the footage is stored offsite not locally, so if someone breaks into your abode and steals the camera itself, your video footage is still safe.If Dropcam fixes the color issue I'm keeping both!<<<Update 1/31/13>>>Dropcam customer service got back in touch with me and explained the "purple haze" is due to an infrared film over the lens that allows the camera to work better in nigh vision mode and hence, there is nothing they can do to correct it!  That did not explain why ONLY ONE OF MY 2 DROPCAMS exhibit this "purple haze" and the other is perfectly normal (again, see user attached pics to see what I mean).  They both equally well in night vision mode too.  They didn't respond to that part of my question and just left me hanging.  Well, it looks like the "purple" camera is being returned to Amazon, I'll keep the "normal" one.  Lowering my rating to 3 stars due to this explainable flaw.