I originally wanted these for a custom nanny cam idea so I ordered 2. I took a chance on the price vs reviews and compared to the other types in the price range, this seemed to fair much better (esp vs the clock cam item!). So I hooked it up first on a HD flat screen with auto motion/screen adjust to test it and it was not good. However, when you hook it up to a CRT tube TV or computer monitor, it is fine! There is color, you can adjust the focus and the camera is comparable to a slightly larger cube of sugar. The best part is it comes with the constant power supply - plug in normal voltage AND a 9volt cord for true wireless placement. There is audio but the mics appear to be on the sides and it can be low so I wouldn't count on picking up low conversations unless closely mounted. I tested the range which I have a 2 floor 2300 sq ft colonial and I left the receiver in the south most guest room and took the wireless cam down to the north most living room..it was ok but had static and buzzing. Best compromise is if you want it on different floors, then setup in the room above/below the receiver and it works better. You can hook this up screen direct viewing or into a DVR/laptop/VCR as long as it has RCA inputs.Pros:- Dual power for wireless cam- Sugar cube sized- adjustable focus- color pic- has audio but limited performance- lightweight cam and receiver- PriceCons:- mediocre audio performance if any- very narrow range to fine tune- range subjective to your environment/house- does warm up some in use (not sure if I'm very concerned at that at this point)- Cannot be used on HD flat screens with auto adjusting screens without it being confused, it will flicker when camera signal spazzes- Wire points could use some reinforcing (I would silicone the base of the wires entering the cam to support/stiffen it)so it  decreases the chance of getting pulled outUPDATE: 10/10/2013 - Above is my original post - this is an update after a month or so of straight usage -I was repositioning my cameras because I wanted better angles and I hooked a separate DVR to the interior cams vs the exterior security cams. Holy Jesus I guess after some use these things really heat up! It was a good thing I didn't stuff them in plush animals or by curtains. The power connection point and the mini cam itself was actually pretty hot! Out of curiosity, I used my automotive infrared heat scanner. After about 20 min or so, the ac power connection point averaged about 116 degrees F and the camera itself was at 96 degrees F! I am not sure what to say about that, I'm shocked and I certainly am weary about leaving them unattended now. Perhaps I should count my blessings that i've used them for a month and my house didn't burn down? I can't say that I noted my wired cams getting this hot so I will check them when I can gain access to them but I unhooked these 2 cams for now. Thank god it was wireless so at least I didn't have to start yanking wires...still shockedFor what it's worth: Fact - it is still functioning despite the temperature, still has better picture than my swann wired cams, I will not install it by curtains or inside plush animals, I will not leave this on while away from home, the price of other wireless spy cams even in "professional" grade has about a 3 star rating give or take but they can run up to the hundreds. At 20 bucks a unit and it is still functioning, I will just find another part time usage since I can't return it. Maybe I will use it outdoor when the dog and kid are in the yard playing or something..2/9/2014: Question: has anyone tried a 5V power supply? I have seen similar online but a couple have a 5V power supply and I was wondering if that makes a difference. I had a 3V but it wasn't strong enough to give a proper signal, it was on but the signal power was useless to the point where I didn't get a steady pic in the same room. It seems it needs a decent amount of power for a good signal to send but I'm hoping perhaps if I find a good balance I may use this without it burning. I really need anoth cam in another part of the house where the nanny goes but trying to run wires to it is very complex. Thanks