There are many reviews about setup and performance of this camera, most of which I agreed with: the setup can be a little difficult if you're not technical and the performance or this camera is really good for the $58 shipped I paid for it. I just wanted to point out a couple of things that you might want to keep in mind.-Infrared on this camera (night vision) is a fun little toy and works pretty well in small to medium sized rooms. It is not very good in an an open outdoor space-you can't see much. And the big thing I wanted to let everyone know, the IR will reflect off glass if you're planning point it out a window, you will not be able to see anything. YOU CANNOT DISABLE IR ON THIS CAMERA, so if you do plan on pointing it out a window, I'd consider picking a model that doesn't have IR or one that allows you to turn it off.-These units are being re-branded and re-sold with different software interfaces written by different companies. You may order one and it may not being the exact one you're ordering in terms of color or the name on it. I ordered two from Amazon, they were identical- but my friend ordered 1 a week later and got something different. It was essentially the same, but I know this might bother some people, so a heads up there.-I actually constructed an outdoor camera dome I am currently using this unit outside in the cold and snow. Make no mistake, this is a cheaply constructed camera, and is really for indoor use only. But for $50 I figured what the heck, and so far, so good. We'll see if it lasts.-It is color. After I ordered, I read a review saying it wasn't and it got me a little panicked.-There is no ZOOM, but a quick word about "zoom" in cameras in this price range. It's not really a zoom on other units anyway. In most cases, it's just blown up grainy view of the same picture you were looking at before and isn't good for much. I'm just making you aware that if you pass on this camera and spend another $30 on a camera that says it has zoom, it may not really be a zoom anyway.This is actually a good camera to buy if you don't know much about cameras and want to learn about what you want and need, and then maybe upgrade to something a little better when you're a more familiar with your needs. For example, the IR was a big draw for me initially, to be able to see in the dark- and now for my purposes, it's been more of a pain than anything (and was more of a novelty than anything to begin with).For what you pay for this camera, it's tough to go wrong. Perfect for pet/kid watching or just keeping an eye things while you're away from the house.