When it came time to buy a baby monitor for our son, I was looking for a monitor that allowed us to view the camera feed from our iOS devices over our local network as well as remotely via the Internet. Not sure which one to buy, I bought both this and the iBaby M3 Baby monitor for the iOS.The Lorex was attractive because it came with a display (via RF connection) and also functioned with iOS devices (via network). Not sure how we'd actually end up using a baby monitor, we felt this would give us some freedom and flexibility.When comparing the monitors, the cameras on the two units were similar in quality, and the audio on the Lorex was actually a bit better than the iBaby monitor (it seemed to be more sensitive and clear). The night vision on the iBaby monitor was much nicer, providing a field of view much greater than the IR "focus area." The camera feed, however, was much smoother on the iBaby monitor; there seemed to be a lot of lost frames and delay on the Lorex.That said, the major difference was in usability. The iOS app for the Lorex was abysmal. I have some experience with Lorex products and was hoping they put a little more into the user interface of a baby monitor. Unfortunately, they didn't. The app had a bunch of information on the display that I just didn't care about (like the bitrate), and manipulating the camera position with the app was "laggy" at best--but in most cases it was simply unresponsive. That is, of course, when it didn't crash.But the iOS app wasn't the only way to view the camera field. As I said, one of the major selling points was the included display. However, the display ended up being the most frustrating part of the Lorex monitor. The little purple "joystick" in the lower right hand corner was literally useless. It is meant to be used as a directional stick (to move the selection around on the screen) as well as a input button (to select what was highlighted). When trying to actually use it, it would jump around the screen (moving more than once when the stick was pressed in a direction), and the selection button seldom worked; Getting it to select instead of moving the selection on the screen was nearly impossible. This resulted in a very frustrating experience and I quickly put the display aside.It is also important to note that the camera broadcasts wirelessly to the display, and the display shares the connection to the network via the base. This means if you want to use the iOS apps, the display must be "docked" in its base. I knew this prior to purchasing, but it really doesn't make sense from a real world perspective. You can't use both at the same time.Setup for the Lorex monitor was actually a breeze, which was why I gave it two stars. If you follow the directions, you should have no problem getting the monitor working. However, with the easy setup comes a complete lack of customization in setup. If you're comfortable with setting network devices up (setting IPs and ports), then you may find this pretty frustrating. Lorex's solution for feeding the camera feed to remote devices is to route everything through a third party server. I prefer to connect directly to the camera using my IP address with port forwarding. In contrast, the iBaby monitor gives you much more control over configuration. Of course, this may be a personal preference based on your comfort level with setting up network devices.In the end, I felt like Lorex tried to include so much functionality that it failed at doing any one thing particularly well. There's supposedly even a DVR function but my frustration with the monitor prevented me from exploring these advanced features (honestly, I didn't get an impression that these would be well executed, either). The iBaby M3 Baby monitor for the iOS was a much more straight forward device that may lack some of the features of the Lorex monitor, but does what it's supposed to do very well. Ironically, we love the fact that we don't have another display laying around--we get live audio from our iPhones/iPads with the displays off and can view him easily any time, too. Since we always have our phones with us, this works out extremely well!