I wish I could give this a "zero' star.While searching for a home surveillance system, I ran across the Swann products. Most reviews on Amazon have been positive so I put this particular system at the top of my list.While preparing to order, I searched around the internet and found many many negative reviews about Swann products (as well as others like Lorex, Q-See and other systems targeted at home users).  These reviews, made by people 'in the industry' were all very negative towards all these home systems. At first glance, I listened to these reviews but I eventually started ignoring them thinking that these 'professionals' were more interested in selling higher-end systems than providing real quality reviews of DIY systems.I should have listened to these other reviews.I ordered this system after weighing the pros/cons of using a full IP based system over a more traditional CCTV system.  The fact that this system (and others) have a DVR, smartphone viewing and other features pulled me toward the CCTV approach.I received the order the next day (I love Amazon's service...top notch).  I immediately pulled the system out and started connection it up to test it out.  I was immediately disappointed.The build quality of the DVR is poor.  The BNC connectors on the back almost ripped out of the back of the cheap aluminum backing when connecting a few cameras to test. The BNC cables that came with the system are ridiuclously thin and cheap (and it appears that there is a lot of image quality loss along the cables...or just really poor cameras).After I connected 3 cameras, I connected the DVR to my TV to get a feel for the image quality. I was really disappointed.  The  quality was bad. Real bad. Strike 1.Thinking that perhaps the quality I was seeing was due more to my TV than the system, I wanted to view the cameras via my computer and iPhone using the Swannview products. I downloaded the Swannview iPhone app and, after setting up my port forwarding on my local network and testing that it works, I tried to view the cameras.  Nothing. the iPhone app doesn't work (and many people have said as much on the iPhone app reviews).  Strike 2.Finally, I tried to use my PC browser to view the cameras.  IUsing my browser, I visited the IP address of the DVR and was then told to download viewer. Using the Chrome browser on a PC, the system tries to make me download a Mac application. Using Internet Explorer (IE), the system tries to make me download an ActiveX control - that will not install due to security settings in IE.  Rather than futz with IE (I don't use it anyway), I switched over to my Mac Mini to view the cameras. After installing the Mac viewer, I was finally able to view the DVR and cameras....and was horrified by the quality of the images.  Strike 3.3 Strikes and your out Swann. This system is being returned to Amazon for a refund. I should have listened to the negative reviews around the web.A note on the camera setup while test:I set the cameras up 10 feet from my desk and pointed all three at the desk and my chair so that my face would be in all three.  With all three approaches above (TV, iPhone and Desktop), I couldn't see any identifying features in my own face. That right there is bad cameras. From 10 feet, I should be able to identify myself.This system may be OK for anyone wanting to keep an eye on things around their house, but if you ever need to actually identify people to law enforcement, I doubt you'll be able to with these cameras.