I had a specific need and shopped around (online) to find the camera I thought would best fit that need.  I work in a seperate building, behind my home, and needed a clear view of what was going on in front of my house.  When expecting deliveries or visitors I would spend a lot of time focused on listening for the arrivals, and dashing out of the office only to find that what I had heard was not the expected arrival.  It seemed it would improve my efficiency to install a camera on a corner of the building I was in, direct it down my driveway, between my house and my neighbor's house, where I could observe any vehicles that may approach my house.I estimated the distance and width of view I would need, and considered the distance I would need for the night IR view, etc.  I then read many online camera reviews, specifications and looking at demo videos.  I wanted an IP camera solution for several reasons, but primarily for the ease of running only one Cat5 cable and the ability to access the camera over my network.  I can see sometime down the road where I may want additional cameras, and maybe an NVR, but I am not ready for that investment yet, so this seemed like a good way to start with a scheme that can easily be expanded later.I decided the Q-See QCN7001B camera was the one I wanted to start with, because of its reviews and specifications, but I was not willing to pay the price I saw that it was going for.  Rather than settle for a lower priced camera I put the project on hold while I kept watching prices and researching other cameras.  I did find a great price on the camera at Amazon and placed the order.  It arrived sooner than was promised, but it had no setup software or POE injector.  I did not realisze the version I ordered was intended to be an add-on for a Q-See NVR system rather than an independant camera.  Fortunately, with an hour or so online I was able find a POE injector for about $20 and download the installation software from the Q-See support web site.  It was still overall a great price and I have no regrets.Once I had the POE injector and software, the camera was resonably easy to install and setup.  The video quality is excellent and the perfomrance is exactly as I expected.  The camera is about 100 feet from the street we live on and I can cearly see another 200 feet beyond that baring obstructions.  I now clearly see everything I need to see - and more - without getting up from my desk.The camera has been in operation for a month, and I have observed it in various weather conditions, both day and night.  The night (IR black & white) transitions well and there is no IR "ring" as you see in some less expensive cameras.  I am very pleased with the purchase and only rated it with 4 stars instead of 5 because I had to go find my own POE injector.  (Note that it requires 12 VDC - not the more common 48 VDC)