Overall I was pretty impressed with the VueZone Personal Video Network. As advertised, it was very simple to set this up and get it working; amazingly easy! You should know in advance that to use this system you must first have an internet ready computer and a router to connect to. VueZone has a detailed privacy policy and so take steps to ensure that your images and videos are stored securely; so only you can access them on their server. You will get 2GB of storage space when you register your product; plenty of storage for most people's needs. From there you can maintain your personal library of videos and images.Once you get your cameras positioned where you want them it is very easy to see what the camera is transmitting but logging on to their website and choosing the camera of interest. You can only see the output of one camera at a time but switching between them is quite easy. First, you pause the currently selected camera, then click onthe image of the one you want to change to.Taking pictures and videos is extremely easy and is done using the interface that their website provides. They all get stored using the 2GB of space you are allowed on their server. Accessing them is also done on their website and is generally pretty quick and easy. From there you can download to your computer, upload to a site like YouTube, or share videos and images via email. Sharing with email will give recipient the ability to view selected videos or pictures on the vuezone site.You can choose from 2 image resolutions. The first choice is 320x240 which is smaller but allows for a faster frame rate resulting in smoother video playback. The second is 640x480 along with a slower framerate and so the video looks more jerky/stop-motion.Downloading pictures taken using the 640x480 resolution gives pictures that are appx 15kb in size.Pictures taken using the 320x240 resolution picture size is around 5KB.Pictures and videos can be shared (via email or uploaded to a website like youtube) or downloaded as a zip file.30 sec video size: .6MB20 sec video size: .4MB10 sec video at 320x240 resolution size: .1MBThe camera's image can be seen in it's actual size or in full screen mode. As you would expect, the resolution is a bit grainy in full screen but is still quite viewable and acceptable. There is a setting that can be made for each camera that allows you to choose the brightness level. This is very helpful since it allows for bright or very low light applications.Note that no sound is recorded. The cameras do not have a microphone.You can get their Premier Service for an additional charge of $49.95/year. To learn more check out this link:[...]The cameras have a wireless range of up to 300 ft. line of sight  from the gateway. In indoor installations, the range will decrease and be dependent on environmental factors such as metal obstructions, wall and ceiling thickness, and other such obstructions. In general, your VueZone wireless network will have a wireless transmission range similar to an 802.11 wireless device. I found that I could place the cameras anywhere in my house or even front/back yard and they worked just fine.The motion detection can be enabled or disabled. When enabled, the camera records 10 seconds worth of video each time the sensor is triggered. These videos are all stored on the VueZone cloud server; along with all your other pictures and videos. What I found is that if you have 2 (or presumably more) cameras both set for motion detection, that only one can record at a time. As a test, I set them both pointing to the same location, both enabled for motion detection. When I walked into the motion range detection area both cameras sensed my presence. Ten seconds of video was stored for each camera. But, it was not the same ten seconds. The second camera switched on to record when the first one finished; so I got a total of twenty seconds of video.This is a very nice and easy to setup and use system. It is not perfect and I'm sure that improvements will be forthcoming. A couple of changes I would hope for are to be able to plug in the cameras instead of relying on batteries. Also, I would like to have the ability to use the system locally instead of having to rely on their website to view and control the cameras. For now, it is well worth the price and I would recommend it.