I bought this to help protect a foreclosure my wife and I bought.  Prior to starting renovations, there was an attempted break-in and as I would be leaving tools in the home while not staying there I wanted to have some protection.Starting with the included operating instructions, don't even bother unless you're in the mood for some laughs.  It's clearly a word for word translation from somewhere in Asia.  There is a card in the box recommending you go online for the "updated" manual and I highly suggest you do so.The first thing I noticed, which was great, is that the system came already programmed for each of the alarm modules, both door sensors and motion detectors.  This saved lots of time as it makes it a plug-and-play product.  If you don't intend on expanding with additional modules, you're all set.Once I set up the motion sensors, I spent a couple of hours trying to defeat them.  Moving very (and I mean VERY) slow will work about 10% of the time.  Once I was able to place a Solo cup over the sensor and then move freely about the room.  Keep in mind a thief probably won't take the time to move that slow and I doubt they carry Solo cups.I haven't yet placed any magnetic window or door sensors as I'm installing all new windows and doors.  As for the phone connection part of the system, I use an AT&T; land phone to cell service converter.  I hooked it up and it did dial the number I programmed in but it's not a feature I intend to use.I placed a motion sensor and remote siren in a garage/pole building that's about 150' away from the base.  I had some trouble getting a connection but with the siren's short antennae wire near a window and the base unit also close to a window, it's working fairly well.  It always goes off when tripped but won't always reset with the key fob.My two complaints with the system are minor.  The sensors have this cheesy telescoping antennae on them, like an old transistor radio.  Not a big deal and I guess if it helps extend the range it's worth having them.  They don't need to be extended in the house so it's workable.  The other complaint is their home marketing, or lack thereof.  They include two large generic window stickers that don't even tout the company name.  I understand these things cost money and while I prefer the money goes into a better built product, they should offer, at a price, more window stickers and maybe even a small yard sign.  Advertising an alarm system will make most thieves pass your house and move on to safer pickings even if they're not sure you really have one.I've also yet to find out if the alarm will re-set to active once tripped and being activated for a time or if it just keeps going off.  Still working on that one.Overall, I'm happy enough with the system to buy another remote alarm and motion sensor so I can completely protect the pole barn once I move in.  Keep in mind you're paying under $200 for a system and it will have some limitations.  It's not a remotely monitored ADT package so don't expect all the bells and whistles.  This does what I wanted it to do and I have no problem recommending it as a stand alone system.