UPDATE: After running this one for a week and finding an iPhone app that works OK with it (Surveillance Pro) I'm ordering 2 more, so thought I should give it an extra star. It has run reliably, and as long as I'm not using the browser interface the IR has stayed on. It's hard to imagine you could do a lot better for the money.REVIEW (updated): This works pretty well. It's a good deal for the money. For most people behind a firewall, or setting up multiple cameras, or not using Windows, it might take a lot of patience to get the most out of it.Pros: 1) Price is good. 2) Pretty easy initial setup for someone who knows computer networking. If you don't then it will be tough to get through a router by following the manual. This would be needed to watch video or control the camera from outside your home local area network. 2) The web UI (user interface) is OK for setting up the camera if you know what you want to accomplish. The menus are better written than the manual. 3) It's easy to get it to send you an email (with 6 still images as attachments) when a motion alarm is triggered. 4) Wireless networking and DHCP just work. 5) Almost all the camera monitoring software companies support this camera or the FI8908. Presets for FI8908 work fine for the FI8918 as far as I can tell. 5) iPhone support comes via several apps. I'm using Surveillance Pro on my iPod Touch and it works fine.Cons: 1) Fair picture quality. At first I thought image quality was _really_ bad, but then I discovered that the focus is adjustable by screwing the lens in or out---even though the manual states "LENS: CMOS sensor with fixed focus lens." 2) The IR illumination turned off upon motion detect with the installed firmware so I only got one illuminated picture followed by 5 dark ones in my night-time email alerts. I installed  firmware update (11.22.2.30 for the system and 2.4.18.15.004 for the UI), which said it fixed this bug in the release notes, but sometimes the IR still turns off when I get a motion alarm. I think it's related to having a non-IE browser hitting the UI when the alarm trips. 3) Safari on the iPhone seems to have issues with the browser UI and does not allow control of pan/tilt, though Safari on my laptop is fine. 4) The web UI only fully functions with Explorer via an ActiveX control you need to install the first time you hit the camera---so no multi-camera support and no sound for Mac OS or linux without 3rd party monitoring software. 5) It's nearly impossible to set up to look through a window at night because you can't push the lens right up against the window to minimize glare. 5) The software comes on a little CD, so you need a tray-loading drive to get at it. You can download the firmware from Foscam's download site. 6) The manual wasn't translated very well but you can understand it most of the time. 7) There is no tech support from US distributor: Here is what they say: "[we offer] free support for the setup and installation of your wireless IP camera. This free support service is available only to customers who purchase directly through our website ... Ebay and Amazon purchasers will have to contact the particular reseller from which they purchased in order to receive support." The US distributor's site charges about 50% more than Amazon sellers.