[Easy setup] - prosFirst of all I have to say the setup is in a breeze. I admire they provide "IP camera setup process for dummies". If you have a smartphone and install their app(the app is free), the setup is pretty easy and you just go step by step then you can complete the setup process in 5 mins. As a long time IP camera user, I know how complicated it can be when setting up the IP camera. Therefore if you are searching for a remote viewing IP camera, this is for you.[Remote viewing] - pros and consThey offer remote viewing on website, iOS app (I don't have Andriod device so I have no idea about if they have andriod apps). The setup for remote viewing is also very easy. However you have to be aware -- the app they recommend with the package is an extremely bad quality app. I have to connect to camera 3-4 times in order to have successful connection. and when I connect to camera successfully, the app will quit suddenly with no reason. I rescue myself from this situation  by finding out they actually has another app called "isecurity+". this app is far more stable than the other one.[Video quality is average] - just a fact you need to knowThe video quality is not good. some people think it's bad quality. It is true that the video quality is not good. Especially when you planning to install this camera from a high point and plan to watch the whole room. You of course will still know who is coming, but you will not be able to see the details. I guess it's just because of their product positioning - with this cheap price, they probably use the lower quality of camera. For the quality issue, it depends on everyone;s need.  I use this camera in "I just want to know if there is anyone passing through" area. so I am ok with the quality.[Unstable quality] - CONS! need to think carefully before you buy.This is the main reason I give this product 3 stars. I am pretty happy with this camera during initial weeks. However, I found it will disconnect itself and not be able to go back to reconnect it automatically. You have to reconnect the power cord to let it reconnect to camera again. after few weeks I discover a more worse situation - sometimes no matter how many times I reconnect the power cord it still cannot connect back to the internet. and the only way to make it normal again is to go through the initial IP setup wizard to have it reconnect to wifi hotspot...etc.Let's say you are away from your camera physically. When your camera is in this bad tempter you have nothing to do with it. The only way you can do is ask your friend / family to reonnect the power cord for you. However if this camera runs into situation that you need to rerun the setup wizard. Boom! you are dead. unless you lucky enough has a friend/family who can use an iOS device to run the setup process again and you are willing to let him know your ID and password.[Other nice features]They have night vision function. They have monthly subscription package (monthly fee required) to send you motion detection and online recording. these are good feature.However the bad stability for the product is a big draw back for me.