I picked up the 32GB version recently and I am very impressed overall. It is comparable to the other 10 inch screen machines, and beats them in price.First: the basics. The screen is nice and bright, it responds very well to touch commands (even mine, and I have huge meaty claws instead of fingers), and I have not seen issues with booting, reboots, or freezes. I can type out emails and documents with speed, though the position of the comma and the period throws me from time to time... somehow it seems like the period should be down on the first row and the comma up on the second... I may just be use to the period being beside the space bar from using my phone.It runs on a single charge for quite awhile, I can't say for sure as we tend to keep it on cord power when not in use, but I know it lasts longer than the 3 1/2 hour drive to grandma's house.One of the things that drew me to this tablet over other brands is the feel. I am perhaps in the minority with this, but I am not a fan of small and light... I picked up the Galaxy tab and felt like I was going to snap it in two. I know it would probably take a lot more than I could do to actually accomplish that, but it was the impression. The thrive is heavier and thicker, and feels more rugged, especially with the textured back. I also feel more secure giving this to my 6 year old boy to play on. It has already been through a few knocks and drops and come through just fine. I don't know if it has been luck or design, but it seems to land on the thicker back side when dropped while being held, perhaps due to the extra weight.Speaking of drops, it would be nice to have a small slot down one side for a wrist strap where the strap could be pulled out to attach for a little extra protection against falls... or even just a ring to attach a clip-on strap to.As a nod to other reviewers, I can definitely understand where the weight would be an issue over a long time for some.. I tend to just lay it down or prop it up against something if the weight becomes an issue. It isn't so heavy that regular use is going to replace your upper body workout, but you will definitely notice it after holding it up for awhile. It usually takes me about an hour or so before it becomes annoying, your results may vary.The android market has supported the Thrive well, though I have noticed a few applications that are not available, but with the SD port, I have been able to side load a lot of them.The one thing I am noticing about the Thrive is the lack of accessories. We shopped around for a case and just ended up getting a 10 inch Targus generic tablet bag. It would be nice to see the market round out the selection with some specific cases made for the Thrive, and an accessory pack including car chargers and the like.This is a great little machine that really does everything you would want, and at a price lower than the competition.