I had the unit for maybe six months when it suddenly failed to boot. To be fair, since I used it less than a dozen times over those six months, maybe it was underworked. Right. Talked with someone at Skytex who walked me through all the steps I already tried and surprise... it still didn't boot.I returned it under warranty (paid for shipping myself, not unusual) on a Friday. It arrived the next day, but could not be delivered since it was Saturday (again, not unusual), so it was delivered the next Monday.After a couple of weeks, I emailed several times asking for a status update. Finally one of those emails was responded to and I was told they were working on it. After another two weeks or so, I emailed again asking for a status update. I was told they never received the tablet. I informed them it was delivered and signed for by them a month before, so they agreed to look for it. It was finally found somewhere and I was told the motherboard needed replacement.I then received an email asking me to authorize a credit card payment so they could ship it back to me. Most companies pay return shipping themselves when items are repaired/replaced under warranty. They don't. I authorized the payment since I had already waited more than a month.On a side note. I returned it in the original packaging it came in, put that in another box, and shipped it to them. I figured since I got it that way when I bought it from them, it should meet their shipping requirements. When I received it back, the original box was missing and the tablet was just tossed into a box with a couple of air pillows to cushion it. Guess I was too concerned about packing it carefully.I asked for the original box to store the tablet in when not in use. (It just takes much less space than putting everything in a laptop case). They said they'd look for it and return it but it could not be located. Fair enough. I asked for something similar to be sent instead but was told they couldn't help.They did offer to send me a screen protector though, to make up for the return shipping I had to pay. Whoopee.Update August 20, 2012 - I found the company's warranty card and regarding warranty repairs it specifically states, "...the Product should be shipped in its original container... Repairs will be made and the Product will be returned, shipped at NO CHARGE" (their caps).They don't tell you that you won't get your original container back. "NO CHARGE" must mean no charge to them since I had to pay for return shipping myself.Update September 7, 2012 - I followed up - make that tried to follow up, since they never answered several emails I sent - on the NO CHARGE return shipping they charged me for. I had to open a dispute against Skytex through my credit card company. I soon received a refund for the shipping.Reading other reviews, it seems this might be a decent product when and if it works. I don't plan to find out because after my experience with Skytex I won't depend on this product. Just be aware if it doesn't work not to expect any support from Skytex.  At least mine was returned to me eventually after Skytex lost it for a month and then somehow located it. Another reviewer sent his back for repairs and never saw it nor heard from the company again.