I almost didn't buy this, after reading all the negative reviews comparing the Touchpad to the iPad.  I went to Bestbuy and played around with it, and still wasn't sure, even after months of anticipation.  I finally decided to get it, even though I had a sinking feeling I may regret it afterwards.I have had the product for about a day now, but I love it already.  Here are my impressions (good and bad):Good:- I was worried about synching all my music with this from iTunes (had a large library), and it was a snap.  You download hpplay [...]to your PC, and it installs some software that looks a bit like iTunes.  It looks at your iTunes library, and when you plug your Touchpad to the PC, it all syncs easily.  Everytime you plug your Touchpad in, it will sync.- I also have a Palm Pre (some of you may not) and it actually pushed the songs to my phone as well (I didn't even do anything, it just synched my Touchpad account data with my phone - how great is that)- Music sounds great- Pivot magazine - this is a very nice feature.  I have owned an Android device, and an iPod/iPhone and always found it hard to find useful applications.  Android was especially tough with this, as I would look for apps and unless you used the right search criteria, it was impossible to find the good ones.  Well, HP came out with a magazine type approach when you open the App Catalog.  In the magazine, they write up featured apps, and what those apps offer.  You can also download apps directly from the magazine.  You can also just search the old fashioned way in their catalog, but this offers an easy approach for those of us that don't have time to always search the web for top rated applications.- Skype integrates really well - the video calling is a breeze to use-crisp, vivid images and photos- Good visibility in direct sunlight - I have looked at people reading a magazine with their Ipads in the sunlight, and it is really hard to read anything because visibility is poor, but HP has done a great job making their screen legible in sunlight-Good applications.  Everyone keeps saying HP is behind on apps, and while I agree, the apps I have downloaded so far are high quality applications.  The facebook apps is the best I have seen, and I downloaded many others -including apps for my kids (toddlers).-Email/Calendar/Contacts -best email application, in my opinion.  I can see my work email, Yahoo, and Gmail all in one place- along with one calendar and contacts list.  I also love the calendaring system, and how clean the interface is, with all the needed data for my meetings.Areas to improve:- was disappointed that although I could download Kindle, it wasn't available for actual use yet.  It gives you a message saying it will be available for usesoon..I got the same thing with HP's Movie Store- at times, the screen freezes up just a tad..I am sure this can be cleaned up with a bit of tuning- Having a rear camera for me, is not that important.  However, I would highly recommend them putting a rear camera on that can take HD video as well.  I can see myself taking video in the futureOverall, I am impressed by this tablet and am a real fan.  I intend to show it off to others to make them realize what a great product this is.  I really see this product set going far and doing well, once people start using it and seeing it.