I researched numerous tablets for months before the release of the Kindle Fire was announced. I specifically wanted a tablet (or a tablet-like device) for entertainment on the go - Playing games, watching movies, surfing the internet, and accessing my college e-textbooks (so I could leave the heavy laptop at home)... I also didn't want something that would require another data plan through my cell phone carrier. And, regarding size, I wanted something that was not too big and not too small (about 7 inches), because it wouldn't be too heavy or too big to fit in my purse.After playing with my Kindle Fire for a week, I have to say that I'm not disappointed and feel that the Fire is perfect; everything that I was hoping it would be.I never expected it to be my one go-to item for all of my data consumption -- like: listening to music, watching movies, playing games, reading books, surfing the internet, etc. For starters, I prefer iTunes for music (it's actually the only reason why I have an iPhone), and the iPhone is perfectly suited for music. Using Amazon's Cloud is a great idea on paper, but I refuse to purchase expandable storage (complete with yearly charges) in order to load my collection to the cloud. Nor, am I adding an additional $40 per month to my cell phone bill in order to tether my Fire to my iPhone just to stream music from the cloud when my music desires beckon. Besides, my phone is small enough that it fits in my pocket, or in a workout armband, or in the cup holder in my car... so my music is always at my finger tips.Unfortunately, not only are video files too big to fit on my iPhone, but the screen is also a bit too small to make viewing comfortable. Trying to watch streaming movies on the Netflix app is one thing when you can hold the phone in front of you, but trying to watch something like Transformers while running on a treadmill just gave me a headache. The Kindle Fire, however, is perfect for watching videos on the go. It's not too small to cause eye strain and not too big for my purse (or for the stand on the elliptical at the gym  ^_^). I can download a movie and several episodes of my favorite shows and watch them at the gym when there's no WIFI connection. In fact, I was pleasantly surprised when I downloaded twenty-two episodes of NCIS: Los Angeles and still had room to spare. Videos look super crisp and clear, and downloading was faster than downloading Unbox episodes to my PC!Game play is also great, and I may end up deleting 98% of the games on my iPhone and using only the Fire to play games.Regarding the ebook function - I haven't really used it all that much on the Fire. Due to the battery life and prior experience reading ebooks on my iPhone, I knew that I wouldn't want to use the Fire for reading books. So, I got the Kindle Touch. Both Kindles are so small that carrying them in my purse at the same time doesn't take up a lot of space, nor add a lot of weight. I probably would only read books on the Fire if I were reading at night with no lights on.Does it live up to the hype?In my opinion, for the most part. Especially when it comes to watching videos and playing games.Are there things that could be improved with the next model?Of course. There are always ways to make improvements with anything in life, especially when it comes to a brand new device that is fresh on the market. But, the improvements that I would like to see are by no means deal breakers, or otherwise take away from the incredible value of the Fire. I love my Kindle Fire and never leave home without it.Things that I would like to see improved on the next model:>>More memory. 16gb would be just about perfect.>>The ability to customize...--The ability to customize/change the homepage wallpaper and screensavers.--The ability to customize the tabs and/or create sub-tabs. For example: Under the Apps section, I wish I could organize my apps based on personal preferences, such as: Games, News, and Social Media. At the moment, the can only be organized by "Recent" and "Title."**Edited**While this product is now outdated, I have to mention that several months after posting this review, my Kindle Fire found its way into a drawer and didn't see the light of day for a very long time. The apps were worthless to me, and the functions that I used the most, the Video and Web tabs, were not living up to everything I thought they would.I'm sure some of the features have been improved since 2011 in the new Kindle Fire. However, I decided to go with something that could sync with my iPhone for the best mobile functionality.I now have an iPad Mini 64gb Wifi, and couldn't be happier with my new purchase. I've already downloaded the Amazon Cloud Player and Instant Video apps, the Kindle app, and many of the apps that I already have on my iPhone. Coincidentally, the app that I've used most, so far, is the Kindle app. Go figure...