This was a gift to myself for Christmas.  I spend untold hours searching and reading reviews on all the available 7-8 inch tabs, and viewed many video reviews as well.  Looked at the main contenders, including the HTC Flyer, Acer Iconia a100, Kindle Fire, BB Playbook, Sony, as well as the "cheapie" Chinese versions of tablets that are flooding the market.  This seemed to be the best rated overall, with the only real downside being the $400 price tag, in light of the supposed Galaxy 7.7 somewhere on the horizon.  Didn't want to wait for the 7.7, which would appear to be the best, but at present it is non-existent.  The Plus as mentioned is very fast, easy to use, and quite intuitive, especially for those of us with Android phone experience.  The WiFi is strong and connects easily, and from a great distance.  I have not had issues as some have had here, with dropped connections.  Bought a Roo leather cover which is nice, and an Ankor dock for bedside.  Still learning what apps are best for tablet use and experimenting.  All the basics--Pandora, Facebook and other social media on the Social Media Hub, TuneIn Radio, Droid AntiVirus, etc., all work great.  The few tablet games I've downloaded all work great, but I haven't dabbled too much in them yet.  One VERY cool app that I have on my Android phone is SplashTop, where I can access fully my computer at home through my phone, which works ok with 3G, but great if connected to WiFi.  Since I already had a SplashTop account on my home computer, I was able to add the SplashTop app at no extra charge to my Plus as well!  And it works even better on the Tab.  SplashTop allows you to fully access your home PC, for example, and use it remotely.  It plays back sound and video through the Plus (or through an Android phone).  As well as it worked with my phone, it's several times better, and faster, with the Galaxy Plus.  That this works so smoothly is important to me for several reasons, not the least of which is that I can now (well, when the season starts) view MLB games through my Galaxy Tab Plus without needing to pay for another app!  I get the full slate of MLB games viewable live on any computer through my MLB.TV account, so I can access the games on the home computer, and watch them on my Galaxy Plus....wherever I am and wherever I have a WiFi connection!  This is very cool.  I can even set my Tab on my bedside dock and keep an eye on the games there, without lugging around my laptop.  Obviously, you can use the SplashTop connectivity to your other computers any way you want--this is just an example on how one use benefits me personally.  And yes, it does play stereo sound from your PC to your Galaxy Tab!  Sorry, didn't want this to become a review of a cool app, but using this particular cheap app dramatically increases my utility and use of the Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus.  And now I'm even less likely to drag my laptop around anymore, since I can just access it directly through SplashTop on my Tab, when necessary.There really isn't any obvious downside that I see to the Plus, which in my opinion is worth the extra $100 over other 7-inchers.  Most of the pluses and minuses have been discussed already below, and you should read through them all (as I did).  Maybe not enough ports--when you connect the Tab via HDMI adapter to an HD TV for example, you then have no way to keep it charging while used in that fashion.  I think there is a docking station that allows for this, but not sure.  I have not as yet used the Tab in this fashion.  The Peel remote seems like it could be useful and a nice extra function, but the selection of TV's and DVD and stereo connectivity devices is still very lacking--it couldn't find my Zenith media center with surround sound that I have connected to my 42-inch screen, so I couldn't use the Peel universal remote.  But this app seems to be still in development, so I'll reserve judgment on that for now.  Bluetooth is nice, and have had no difficulty in beaming pictures from my phone to the Tab, even where I have no WiFi, obviously.  I do wish there was a way to tether it to my work computer at the office, for instance (I don't have WiFi there), so I can access the internet that way.  Maybe there is a way to do that--I haven't seen it.Anyway, buy with confidence.  Or wait until the 7.7 comes out.  I'll probably eventually get that one, in a couple of years, and after they iron out any bugs with that new product, but I expect this one to keep me entertained for a couple of years.  And yes, Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus IS getting the Ice Cream Sandwich upgrade--there was some confusion on this when CNET posted that the Galaxy Tab and the Galaxy S line of phones would NOT be getting the ICS upgrade.  CNET failed to differentiate the 7.0 from the 7.0 Plus.