It took me 30 minutes to get tired of the iPad. Having owned an iPod Touch for 2 years (until it was stolen last fall), the iPad felt routine and commonplace. The bigger screen is the only major difference, and I found it to be a negative one (but I recommend you try one out for yourself at your local Apple store):1. The iBook app text was too spacious. Studies show that we prefer to read narrow, 5-6 word columns so that we have minimal use of eye muscles. The iPod Touch is closer to this; The screen is only a few inches across, so there is automatically minimal eye movement for a streamlined reading experience. The iPad however, I could tell quickly would be much more tedious on the eyes than even a regular book. When the iBook is in the 2 pages orientation, not even one paragraph will fit the whole screen (on the smallest font). Your eyes and brain will be tracking greater distances for less information.2. Safari web browsing has additional issues on top of spacious text. - The iPad has about an inch-wide border between the edge touching your hand and the scrollable screen. So when scrolling, your thumb has to reach across a bit, adding a little awkwardness that may get tiring, and I found immediately annoying. Also, since the thumb is extended out, it will tend to be swiped up and left, which pulls the text you're reading out of alignment, and will need to be further adjusted. With the iPod Touch, the screen is a few millimeters from the edge, so scrolling is easily accessible, and the thumb is swiped completely vertical, keeping the text inline. Try it right now and see for yourself the difference of your thumb's movement when extended vs. not. - Depending on how zoomed in you are on the larger screen, you may also have to be more dramatic with your gestures, moving your hand across the whole screen if you want to scroll down a website. In fact, in general the ipad requires more muscle, if not to span across the screen as you interact, then just in holding the heavier device. The ipod Touch is much more leisurely in this regard. - Both devices have the double-tap feature that will automatically zoom a frame of a website to fit the screen, however doing this on the iPad gives you large, spacious text that spans the whole screen and is more difficult to read. This can be fixed with manual zoom, but thats one hassle I don't get with the ipod Touch.Lastly, the iPad's size makes it non-pocketable. Part of the iPod Touch's charm is that it is always in your pocket available to your fingertips and curious brain. Can't say that about this awkwardly-sized device, however.After I submit this, I'm going to purchase the 3rd gen, 8GB Touch for 180 bucks and get a better experience than I would with the iPad. I say check it out for yourself though (including a ipod Touch if you haven't yet), but keep these things in mind, because they are issues that I think usually only get noticed after the honeymoon is over.