I had been wanting the Touchpad since it was first announced. I was unable to afford it since I wanted two, one for myself and a second one for my wife. Then the "firesale" started and these machines were hard to come by. Luckily, I was able to buy two from a seller on Amazon at a still very decent price.One of my principal worries were many of the negative reviews which I had been reading on the Internet. Most notably, reviews comparing it to the Apple iPad. I do not own an iPad nor have I ever even seen one but now that I have the touchpads, I don't care.This unit is a gem! It is very easy to use and the integration of Facebook and my e-mail account makes my heart go pitter-patter. Granted, there are not many apps for the TouchPad...yet. But for what it does have, it's fantastic. Here's the roundup of good and bad.1) Screen. Gorgeous!. Although my TP got a dead pixel just three day's after I took it out of the box. Luckily, it's to the bottom left corner (landscape mode)so I can live with it. Images are extremely clear and text is very easy to read.2) Speed. Works for me. Bringing up apps or going on the Internet is quick and easy. I much prefer this to my other three computers.4) O/S. Sooo easy and it works like a charm. I have had experience with Windows and Apple operating systems and Web OS blows them both out of the water. No comparison.5) Build. Right out of the gate, I can't stand the back of the unit. It is super glossy and slick which means that fingerprints get on it and seem to stay on it. A matte finish or even a brushed aluminum would have been a much better choice. The rest of the unit is built like a brick out-house. Very nice, seamless construction, nice layout, just a joy to look at and hold.6) Accessories. The can only go so far with the virtual keyboard before I want to throw the unit against the wall. For typing small stuff, it's fine. but for long diatribes, you will definetly want the keyboard. I do like that the virtual keyboard has the numbers row at the top. It also has a buttom for ".com". Four less characters I have to type in the URL.7) Charging. This is the easiest I have ever charged anything. I purchased the Touchstone charging base and it is one of the best ancilliary purchases I have ever made. It is much smaller that I thought it was going to be and the actual/original price is way to high. But if you can get it for around $35 or less, then get it. The unit has a range of motion so that you can place the Touchbad basically sraight up and down or practically laying down. Very nice. I also purchased a leather cover for the TP and it charges thru that as well.8) Covers. Stay away from the HP made protective cover. It's bad and I do mean really bad. I purchased that as a "just in case" and two leather covers from another company. By personal experience, stay away from the HP branded cover. Not good. It's cheap and flimsy.9) Touch controls. The touchpad is very responsive to touch commands. No problem there.10) Sound. *wow* Comparatively speaking against other portable devices which I have heard, the speakers on this unit are superb. Very nice. Other manufacturers could learn a few things from HP when it comes down to sound.11) Video. Streaming video from the Internet such as from YouTube and news sites is a breeze.12) Three big cons. No support for Hulu. No support for Netlix although I had no problem accessing the site via normal Internet. Startup time for the unit is quite long, around 40-50 seconds. But once it is on, it's on!13) Battery life: I have been able to go from 7pm on up to 3am the next morning non-stop before I got the "20% battery remeining" notification. That is awesome!Best thing of all, my wife loves her Touchpad as well. I'm her hero! She has seen me with several laptops, two PDA's and she never knew what I found so appealing about those devices. Now that she has her own portable device with the Touchpad, she can barely put it down. I jammed her Touchpad with recipe apps (she loves cooking) and games and she can literally be on that tablet for 10 hours each day. And she can now watch her Korean Soap Operas in bed at around 4am (no, I am not kidding).If you can get your hands on a Touchpad, do so. You will not be sorry.  -Koa-