Who I amI am a very experienced pc user and willing to play with software, though totally unfamiliar with Android.  Don't have a smart phone - think the surfing and apps are cool, but that screen is just too small for my middle-aged eyes.What I wantedI was looking for a tablet pc for three main things - surf the web, serve as an e-reader and that had a real USB port that I could use to download and backup photos from my old digital SLR camera. Note the camera uses compact flash memory, not micro SD, so I can't use that to transfer the photos.  I had previously bought and returned the eLocity A7 Android tablet because I couldn't get it to do the things I wanted.  Don't like the whole concept of the controlled Apple world plus the IPAD lacks a real USB port though you can get an adapter.OverallI've been very happy with the Thrive.  The screen looks great and the touch features work smoothly.  It's a little heavier than some others, but I generally rest it on my lap so that's not an issue.  Haven't had the dreaded not waking from sleep issue.  The file manager that's included is straightforward and easy to use.  I was able plug in my camera and copy files with no problems.  Also, I added 32 GB more memory using a standard card, which can be swapped out if necessary.  There aren't a huge number of apps yet, but they include enough to make it immediately useful and the number is growing.Minor annoyancesAs others have mentioned, the on/off button is inconvenient to find, especially in low light.You can't close apps without turning off the tablet - though this may be a function of Honeycomb.You can't delete the included programs, but really they don't take up much space.It doesn't come with any directions except a small startup pamphlet.  Typical, I know, but would it hurt them to include a pdf on the tablet with more details?  FYI, here is a link to an Android 3 manual [...]Here's a link to the Thrive manual  [...]AppsComes with a fine file manager and browser.  There is also a gallery program to review photos and a bunch of solitaire type games.  The maps app is really great - it works with the gps system so you don't have to be in wifi range to use it.  It also can be used to get directions or look for restaurants etc near you.I have so far downloaded Kindle and Aldiko book readers which both work fine.  Also got a free photoshop lite program to do simple photo editing.  And I'm afraid I'm already addicted to Crazy Birds.There is a list of optimized to Honeycomb programs here[...]Sadly, Netflix doesn't yet work, but hopefully will soon.Bottom LineI've had the Thrive for a couple of weeks and it can already do all the things I was looking for and more.  There are a few annoyances, but mostly I've enjoyed playing with it and plan to keep it.