Modified below.  I was very excited to try the new mini type tablet. Traded in my HTC EVO for the IPhone 4 this last phone renewal. I was sad to be without my Google apps. I love evaluating all operating systems, so when I decided to get a smaller tablet to fit in my purse, The Nexus 7 with Jelly bean sounded like the way to go.I have been a techno geek since the Timex 2K and have always updated my system quite frequently. I got this at Walmart, a nice 32K one, so I would stop maxing out memory for my audible books and apps; and I gave my husband my large IPad 1.This has a beautiful little screen and I downloaded an adorable fish animated desktop that moves with the menu. Very impressive. Got a fabulous case for it that I will add the link to eventually here on Amazon. I confess I was lost initially with the new operating system, still trying to figure it out actually, but attribute that to my inability, not the system. Got on Google Play and bought a tv series season and was enjoying watching those during down times... However...I have had it since Dec. 7th 2012 it is now Dec. 25th and it has stopped mid video, with more than 25% power still on, and the screen goes black. It looks totally dead? I press the on off button to see if I can toggle something but there is no way to know if I just turned it off, or turned it on, because there is no action visible on the screen.The first time it did it. I was ready to take it back in thinking something must have broke inside?  Then I picked it up a half hour later and it came back on and appeared to work fine. So I gave it the benefit of the doubt and thought maybe it was uploading an upgrade or something that took the system down.Tonight in the middle of the Google play series it did it again ...twice? Push buttons like crazy.. wait.. try again... then it came on? The little circle went round and round and then it said the processing system is not responding do you want to wait, report or discontinue. First time I waited.. second time I thought I would discontinue and try rebooting. It is once again dead.. totally dead.. no sign of life.. not just the app, or the connection but the tablet.. a piece of metal and glass.I love new giggie-gadgets, but they have to at least pretend to work.  As much as I have already bought games & movies I am going to have to take this back. I don't know if I got a bad one or this is a ubiquitous problem with the new operating system.So beware. Not everything is perfect. SighI got a replacement , and there was a world of difference!!!Apparently I had got a bad one. This connected perfect and fast, downloaded all my former apps within a half hour. So what took me days on the old broken one zipped thru.So far I have totally enjoyed this and not sorry I replaced it. Will check back in in a few weeks if anything has changedApparently the bad one was a fluke.It is mid April 2013 and I love the Nexus, lots of apps tons to explore. I changed my review from 3 star to 4 star. Didn't give it 5 star only because of the first very demoralizing broken one, but if this was truly just a fluke... this item is 5 star.---- Aug 10, 2013Ok I have now had this since December. The bad one, then exchanged for a good one and guess what. The same exact thing is happening. DO NOT LET the battery run out all the way. Now when I try to charge it, I will see it come on then it tells itself it is powering off. Thought maybe there was an update. Later it came on, then off, then on.. all during the time it was suppose to be charging. I took it off the charger and it is dead. I can't awaken it. Maybe wait until the full moon on a month with an R in it. This has happened 3 times now. Then I would play with it again and it would awaken for a min and die. It hasn't really been 8 months and I hate having bought all the android apps and movies and now am denied access. :(Another update: after reading all the comments to my review a gal said for DEEP sleep awaking hold down the start button for 30 sec. That seemed a bit long, but I did it for 28 seconds and it came on... so I may have to redo this review again.Simply put in instructions if it locks up or goes into a deep sleep, here is how to reset it, why is it a secret?