I'm a long time Android phone user, but I decided to give Apple a try when it came to a tablet.In trying out different tablets in person, I found most of the Android tablets to be either too heavy and/or bulky, or cheap feeling.I also found Android 3.x (Honeycomb) to be difficult to use, and the tablets with Android 2.x just looking like a phone under a magnifying glass.  The Motorola Xoom appeared to be very well built, but a little on the heavy side.When I tried an ipad after sifting through the sea of Android tablets at the local electronics store, I was sold instantly.  The user interface is so smooth and simple compared to Android.  I also knew that Apple products are typically less buggy than Android.  I've had a lot of difficulties with the bugginess of all my Android phones.  I may have been more courageous to try an Android tablet if more of them had support from Cyanogenmod.  As of now, there are only two Android tablets (not great ones) that they officially support.  Android 4.0 is coming soon, and looks promising, but that's yet to be seen.The ipad is so smooth to the touch, and so comfortable in the hands... it's competitors are no match in initial impressions.After having plenty of time to play with it, I have mixed feelings about it.There are some drawbacks.  Every time you download something from itunes (including music, videos, apps, and books) it asks for your password (if you haven't entered it in the last 15 minutes).  It even asks for your password when downloading free items.  I understand that this was a measure to stop children from running up bills on their parents accounts, but I don't have children, and there is no way to disable this feature.In the appstore, there are a lot of free apps, but I feel there are many more for free in the Android market.  I like free apps.  I don't like paying huge costs for hardware, then still having to pay for every little thing I need it to do.  But that appears to be the case here.  I have found some cool stuff for free, though.  It's just riddled with ads.iOS 5.0... I guess that's the big thing right now, but I'm not that excited about it.  My ipad shipped with 4.3 and I could barely tell the difference after the update.  If they were trying to gain Android's strengths with that update, they FAILED.  iOS defnitely does have it's own strengths, though.I am absolutely astonished at the battery life on the ipad.  I can play games all night, while connected to wifi, and occasionally streaming videos... and by some miracle, I still have plenty of battery life left.  My phone (Motorola Droid 3) would not stand for this... it's dead as a doornail before I get to 3 hours of playing games on it.I previously owned a Kindle 3 e-reader, which persuaded me that paper books were still the best way to go.iBooks changed my mind!  NO EXTERNAL LIGHT NEEDED! Unlike the Kindle or Nook.  You can read in the dark without disturbing your bedmate.  It actually looks and acts like an open book, too!  I'm so excited about that.  When you flip the page, you literally touch the edge of the page on the screen and flip it like a book's page!  The screen is very sharp, and brightness is adjustable to levels that are tolerable in the dark or in bright sunlight.  Honestly, it's completely worth being 3 times the cost of a Kindle just as an e-reader.Internet browsing is terrific.  Much better than I ever expected from a mobile device.  All this bickering about iOS not using flash... it must be old news.  I've loaded flash content on both Safari and the Dolphin browser (from the app store).  What's more... flash appears to be smoother on my ipad than on my flash supported Droid 3.Also worth noting, the ipad docks to my car stereo just like my ipod classic does.  The stereo is able to maintain control over it just as it does an ipod (I read mixed reviews about this functionality).  The surprising thing... the stereo also charges the ipad (although, I believe it's at a slower rate).All in all, the ipad is great, but I still feel the pinch of the lack of customization that I've enjoyed with Android.  In physical form, it has no competitor.  I'm happy with my purchase.Cyanogenmod! This is a call for a port! Dual boot!