I really want to give this 4.5 stars12pm today 1/20/2012.  I was super excited but honestly really nervous from all the hate this tablet has been getting on xda.  Regardless i decided to take a risk and get this, since I had been eyeing the original transformer since its launch last year.Pros:1) Form factor: This thing is SEXY, and I wanted the champagne but I have no complaints baout the gray.  It is light and thin but very comfortable to hold and very solid feeling.2) Display: Man this thing has a great, vibrant bright display. my unit had really minor light bleed, barely noticeable and only in the boot screen.3) Performance/Graphics.  Comes preloaded with Glowball and Riptide GP demo, I definately showed it off to my partner who was very impressed. I played around with Android 3.2.1 for 2 hours just so I could experience the difference bewteen ICS and HC. Then I upgraded to ICS...wow this thing got smooth, it was already mostly smooth before but the browser was a night and day difference and the keyboard with swype is nice.Cons:Only have one right now and its Asus'big problem with the TFP..Wi-fi and GPS.  I don't care about the GPS but I was really sad to see that my unit didn't even find a satelite let alone lock onto one and Wi-fi was on... :(.  I could live with that really, even though it is advertised on the box (deducted 1/2 star)What really ruined my day was when I went downstairs with my TFP. I was super happy with it when I was laying on my bed upstairs which is maybe 8ft from the router. As soon as I went into my dining room and walked into my kitchen (20ft from router), the signalwentfrom 4/4 bars to 2/4.  I HAVE A BRAND NEW ROUTER that is top of the line...the good news is that when I went to the basement (30ft) it stayed at 2/4 bars.  I could still stream HQ videos at this signal strength but my iPhone and my partner's Atrix both register full wi-fi signals. (-1/2 star)At this point my enthusiasm is more tamed, I am already loving this device but the Wi-fi may be a dealbreaker.  Perhaps I have a defective unit...regardless I plan on taking this to my university and testing how well it mages the wifi there and will go around town to various starbucks to test too.  If it turns out to manage well I plan on keeping this device and upgrading to the TF700T in 6 mos, if not I will RMA/exchange and try one more before I give up and try a different device.  the problem is there really is no device on par with this on specs as of now... Asus really has something hereUPDATE 1/21: I ended up downloading the speedtest.net app on my TFP , my iPhone 4,  my laptop and my friend`s Atrix. My TFP outperformed my iPhone and Atrix at all three locations in the house sometimes by a lot...it was comparable to my laptop, but a little worse.  This morning I tried the test from the first comment below and got similar results, even in the basement at its farthest from the router the signal showed as excellent. I will test this out at my university and other places and if this stays consistent i willdefinitely keep this so far I am happy!Oh and GPS randomly started to work as well... still not too good but it catches 6 to 8 satellites and looks on 5 to 6with WiFi on,i found when WiFi is off i get the same amount in sight but it doesn't luck on it locked onto 4 satellites twice but only for a few seconds.In response to the second comment I find my TFP to be really fast and smooth like my iphone 4 but I have noticed a glitch once and in certain apps it gets laggy....overall im happy with it since I am not the biggest fan of Apples tactics eitherUPDATE 2:The Asus Mycloud app is amazing i can access my laptop remotely while on my tab which means access to all my files and to Microsoft Word! It also works very smooth without any hiccups. Also the webstorage app is cool i out music on it and can access it on my pad...this thing keeps getting better.UPDATE: Just got my keyboard dock today and I love my Prime it is perfect besides the GPS which functions but barely..I LOVE the keyboard dock :) I've tested WiFi ins several areas and it works perfectly :)