I've had this tablet for over 2 months now and I'm pretty happy with it. As others have mentioned, it came down to the ipad vs. the SG tab.At first I was pretty upset with Amazon for sending me 2 boxes with broken seals when clearly the bright seals words states "do not accept if seal is broken". Whoever was packaging these when filling the order must not read and/or see clearly. It was a waste of delivery cost (for Amazon) as I promptly returned them (twice, 3rd time was the charm). On the plus side, they would resend them pretty quickly (2-3 days) and they were great and very helpful. After years of order from Amazon, this was the first time I had to return an item. I was very happy with their return policy and quick response to resolve the issue.  Thanks Amazon.I started off with specific priorities:  ease of use, speed, memory, battery life and  size/weight.  I wasn't leaning towards any particular operating system. I just wanted to get the best bang-for-the-buck.  I went to several apple stores and spent hours playing with the ipad (my friends would limit me with theirs).  I went to Best Buy and spent hours testing out the SG.  After much research and reading hundreds of reviews (not exaggerating) I finally settled on the Samsung Galaxy for several reasons: 1) never thought the smaller screen size would have been a factor but it was. I really love this 8+ vs. the 10 in screens.  2)  it's very fast.  3) excellent battery life (same as ipad) 4)  the weight is awesome (much less then ipad). I'm able to throw it in my bag and hardly feel the extra weight.  5)  screen turned out to be an unexpected deciding factor although the ipad is almost as good.  6) price was a deciding factor too at almost $200 less than ipad.I use my tablet for more reasons than what I originally intended it for.  I wanted it primarily to read ebooks, view movies when traveling, browse the internet and check email. I didn't think I'd use it for work purposes but I take it to meetings and take/type notes, had my work email set up as well as work calendar (which I use more than my google calendar) and can schedule upcoming meetings on the spot. I love being able to load it with documents and view them on my tablet at meetings instead of printing hard copies. It's great being able to save paper. I take it to group dinners and share pictures/videos of recent travels or other activities. I also use it for all original reasons I wanted a tablet for.  Love reading my ebooks on a screen this size and be able to hold it in my hand/s w/o getting tired of the weight.The best part is connecting to the internet via my 3G phone. If free WiFi is not available, I set up my bluetooth in 30 seconds and viola! I have internet anywhere, anytime on my tablet. 32GB is satisfactory (wish is could be bigger - movies take up a chunk of memory). Literally comes ready-to-use-out-of-the-box. It's super easy to set it up to your perferences.This unit is not perfect: no USB connection, but I ordered an adaptor from ebay for $2.37 that works perfectly, it kicks me out of the browser once in a great while and haven't figure out why, no SD slot to increase memory (also got an SD card adaptor from ebay). The positives greatly outnumber the negatives.  I'm very happy with my SG8.9.Update: June 29, 2013Still a winner. I've since bought an iPad just because I use iTunes a lot and I was getting tired of the 4in screen on my iPod. Unfortunately the SG8.9 is still my favorite and I'm not using my iPad as much but I like both. The problem is the size & weight. I prefer the size & weight of my SG.  I also much prefer the Google PlayStore over Apple's AppStore, a much broader and bigger selection... cheaper too. I've had no issues since the system update last year (used to get kicked out of the browser once in a while). I still wish they had made this size with bigger memory (but don't we always want more) but other than that it continues to be a gem.