I have waited a month to write the review.  I got the Acer from Amazon and the Xoom from Costco (so I could return it up to 90s day later).  I am returning the Xoom and keeping the $150 in my pocket because I see absolutely no advantage to the Xoom, and many to the Acer.  Many people have written great reviews so I will just summarize my experience.  I love it and the Acer extra features and price advantage sold me.No, this new Android OS is not perfect and I know there will be some tweaks, but I am blown away at the freedom I have of setting up 5 different desktops or device home pages.  The Android apps from the Android store proved there is more than I will ever need or want already available, and most are free.  Some did not work right and are written for phones so I just installed them.  However, everyday more come out written for the tablet OS to take advantage of the larger screen.  So software wise, I have no complaints other than I cannot watch Netflix YET but no big deal, I have a TV with internet accessable DVD player and my computers to watch those movies online.This is not a laptop but I have to tell you with the USB port on the ACER, you can plug in external storage and a keyboard if you want to do some serious typing instead of the touch pop up screen keyboard.  On top of that, I found on Ebay from China a case with a built in keyboard and short USB cord for the tablet for $30 and it is incredible.  I now have laptop capability and convenience in a smaller lighter package so when I travel now, no more laptop, just my tablet and the carry notebook like case with the built in keyboard.  Want to see that case, go to Ebay and search on Acer Iconia Keyboard and check out one that says "Leather Case".  I love this keyboard for fast replies and sending email.Many have listed the differences between Ipads and Xoom so I won't repeat that.  I will say they are real and I could not be happier with my purchase.  I was a little disappointed with the Acer dock in that it did not come with a power supply and did not have a separate HDMI output requiring you to use them from the tablet, but I like the remote control (something not available with Xoom) and it also makes the table a digital picture frame while always keeping it charged up and read for 10 hours or so of full use when you unplug.Last, the Xoom has its power port on the bottom which is a pain to have it on a stand and charging (maybe Motorola did that to make you but one of their two charger docks) but Acer wisely put it on the side so you can plug it in easily while sitting on any stand.  Also the Motorola one looks like it would be very easy to break though their adapter has a very long cord compared to the short one that Acer provides.  But really, I don't use the table plugged in to the wall anyway so cord length is not a problem with me.Only hardware weird thing is what I read others have experienced too.  The screen flashes on then off everyonce in a while for no apparent reason.  Just weird and makes no sense.  I am sure Acer will fix it with their first update to the OS in 3.1.So buy it and enjoy it and forget about the more expensive guys unless you need cell service.  This WiFi based tablet is tons of fun, very practical to be social and up on everthing, and beautifully integrates with Google services like GMail.