Having had a few days to play around with the Kindle Fire, I must say I'm pleasantly surprised overall. While I prefer the E Ink Pearl display on my Kindle DX for an extended period of book reading, the Kindle Fire certainly performs adequately in this regard as long as I set the brightness level a little lower than I might otherwise have it for general use. The Kindle Fire is backlit, and the reading screen has a blue-gray tinge as opposed to the subtle, darker gray of the E Ink display, but it serves fairly well as a reader.Speaking of brightness, if you are outside, the Kindle Fire display is almost invisible. It is easily viewable indoors but not outdoors, so take that into consideration when considering one of these. The E Ink display found on other non-backlit Kindles does not have this limitation.The touch navigation is definitely superior on the Fire to the button-pushing style of some other Kindle models. I downloaded all my book content within a couple of minutes. It took just seconds per book. Highlighting is easy once you get the hang of it. It puts a nice yellow "highlighter pen" swipe across the selected passage. Although the Fire is much smaller than my generously sized DX, at 7 inches its screen is decently sized since no space is taken up by a keyboard or buttons.You get 5.37 GB of available storage on the unit itself, but Amazon gives you a similar amount of free storage on the cloud. For a nominal fee you can purchase additional cloud storage beyond that. Amazon-purchased content does not count against this limit. To provide an idea of space requirements, I just loaded 154 non-Amazon mp3 Beatles songs compressed at a high-quality 256KB bit rate and they consumed 750 MB or about three quarters of a gigabyte.The sound quality is good. There is a spot to plug in headphones on the bottom. One minor problem: the power button, located next to the headphone plug-in, is in a place that's easy to accidentally bump, resulting in the device being turned off unexpectedly. This button should really be relocated elsewhere, as it's too easy to brush up against when doing a variety of tasks.Web browsing is quick and easy on the Kindle Fire. No, it's not going to replace your desktop or laptop, but it's a great portable unit for doing so. Web pages load very fast. You just need a Wi-Fi connection for web browsing. Naturally, not all visible Wi-Fi connections will be accessible. Most will be locked and accordingly will require a password. Such networks display a lock symbol next to the name. Once you're connected to a network, it will automatically connect in the future if that network is in range when searching for a Wi-Fi connection.I set up my four personal and business e-mail accounts to retrieve to the Kindle Fire using the provided e-mail app. I saw a user complaint posted about e-mail setup requiring programming, and it's true that, in addition to user name and password, you will need to supply the incoming and outgoing server names. You'll also need the correct port number and will have to indicate whether or not SSL should be turned on. I got all of these settings out of my home PC's Microsoft Outlook (Tools/E-Mail Accounts) where I have all my e-mail retrieved into a common InBox currently. So if you have no idea what your POP3 server is, and so on, this may be a frustrating experience. But if you know where to find this info for any given e-mail account, it's pretty straightforward.You have your choice of auto or manual retrieval of e-mail. You can choose silent notification of new mail arrival or select from a variety of notification sounds. You can opt to view separate e-mail accounts in their own InBoxes or make use of the Unified InBox, which shows them all grouped together. It's nice to have all my e-mail accessible in a small, portable device.Video looks very crisp on the Kindle Fire. There's a lot of free video content on Amazon with the purchase of Amazon Prime, which I may consider after my complementary month of Prime expires. I streamed some free items from Amazon just to test things out.I got my Kindle Fire along with a leather case that can fold back to allow for easy holding with one hand. It can also serve as a table top type of stand for viewing video. It has a handy elastic strap so you can keep it closed for carrying securely.All in all, this is a very nice Kindle. It's meant to be a versatile, all-in-one type of device--video, music, reading, games, web browsing and so on. At an astounding current price of $199, it's hard to be too critical of it. However, since there's some room for improvement, I give it 4 stars and look forward to future improvements and refinements.