I'm going to get into this review right away.PDF READER:If you want to read PDFS, this device is all right. You cannot open PDF files from the web. It says "MIME TYPE NOT SUPPORTED." Not sure what that means. If you want to transfer PDFs into your touchpad, then you have to save them onto your computer, then upload them to your BOX.net account, or enter USB mode then drag them into the device. There's no user interface like itunes. It's just like opening up a USB drive. You can make folders, but they only show up within their respective programs if you create them inside the program on the touchpad. I think that the touchpad just scans the entire device for file types, then puts them into music, adobe pdf reader, etc.The PDF reader does not let you skip to a page by number, but does have a drop down list from 1-last page. It takes a while to get to the page you want, but manageable. Also, there is no bookmarking or highlighting. Switching between pages is smooth like an Ipad. Zooming is more laggy, but heck, I don't really care about that much.Multitasking:This is essentially what makes the touchpad something worth buying. The button at the bottom of the device is essentially designed for multitasking. You can switch between cards, which is a brilliant system for a tablet computer. I don't know how multitasking works on the Android or Ipad, but this system is extremely easy to use, and convenient. Sometimes I'm checking my email on the browser, and want to google what a "gene family" is. Just switch cards, google the term, then switch back to my email card. Very easy.Speed:Applications are a bit slow to start. The card pops up from below the screen, then it shows a flashing icon for about 3-8 seconds. It doesn't bother me, but I can see it bothering other people who are used to click and go Ipad apps. Once you're in the app though, things run smoothly.The photo app also lags if you have more than 100 photos. You can't click anything on the screen, and have to wait for everything to load.Speakers:Very, very good speakers, with one drawback. There is a problem with the software in which the speakers sound like they're broken. I don't know what causes it, but a system restart (accessed through device settings) fixes it. Unfortunately, a system restart has sometimes results in a permanent USB mode screen, but that can be escaped through a forced shutoff (hold power and bottom key for 10 seconds).App Store:There seem to be a few hundred apps in the store, which is a small selection. Keep in mind that there's plenty of junk apps that contribute to the total number. I never understood why companies brag about the number of apps, not the quality of each one.Most of the apps that I even considered buying were in the $10 range. None of the free apps are useful, with a few exceptions. You can get angry birds HD for free as a game, but other than that there are few useful apps. The Box.net app is useful for PDF transfer, and so is the Khan academy app, but most of the apps I wouldn't buy or download.Other problems:The rotation is a bit slow, and unresponsive at times. Not a huge problem though, since there is a rotation lock option at the top right.There is a sticky, unsticking noise whenever I press on the back of my touchpad. Scares me a little bit, but so far hasn't caused any trouble.When typing stuff into the web, there isn't a delete all button. That means that after you finish googling something, you can't just hit that little "x" on an Ipad or ipod. You have to hold the backspace button on the virual keyboard. A little annoying, but they might fix it in a WebOS update. Unless that feature is patented, in which case they won't.There are some software bugs where the sound from a card(application) continues even after you swipe it off the screen. The only solution is to wait for the audio to end, or restart the touchpad.Webcam is all right. Some people say it's crap, but I think it's fine.No expandable memory. Not a huge problem for me, since I just want to read PDFs and view a few pictures for artistic reference. I don't intend on putting any movies or video on it.The email application doesn't recognize my university email. Not huge though, since I can just use the web browser. Good thing flash is supported.The Adobe PDF app doesn't have folders or anything. So you just have all your PDF files in one mess. I like to organize my stuff into "Art, programming, chemistry," etc.The two speakers lie on the left side of the device. It's kinda awkward this way when listening to music  with the device upright, but I guess it's a better design for watching movies.Good things:Battery life is around 8 hours. Very nice.Web browsing is pretty smooth. There is no lag when moving up or down web pages.Flash supported, kinda cool.Very nice speakers and audio.Last note:Here's some thingthat troubled me when I first got the touchpad:The lock screen doesn't show up when plugged into the wall. This is normal, but at first I thought I had lost the lock screen completely.