Okay (I am writing this on the slate), the first thing that people need to get is that the EEE slate is NOT an iPad killer.  Why?  Because there is no real "apples to apples" comparison.  The slate isn't trying to be an iPad.  the iPad, nor the slate is an e-reader either.  E-readers are simply another class of device.The slate is a computer.  A Wintel (Windows Intel) computer.  it is not an internet device.  it is not an e-reader (as mentioned); but it CAN have e-reader apps loaded (and I do).  And it can have internet apps loaded (again, i have them as well).I am not an artist, and most of the reviews that I have seen for the slate are artists, and all i can say is that it works great for that, but i couldn't tell you much about how well it does that job.  It also has a camera, but I won't be using that either.  or at least not very often.  The reason I got it was so that it can be my "Bible".I have had several other "Bibles" (read as tablet PC's) in the past, they were always REALLY expensive, and fairly heavy as tehy were full laptops with folding back displays.  But this one is not.  I have my full Logos software installed, and open office software for main administrative functions.  It is a computer, while the iPad can "compute", as many have already said, it is not really a computer.I could talk about how the iPad can't do java or flash, but that issue has been discussed ad-nauseum.  Needless to say, another work-around that I don't have to deal with on the slate.  The costs are comparable, i suppose, about 1000 each, depending on model.  But for me there is again, no real compare.  You get a "real" computer for the same money as the iPad device with its proprietary hardware and single source of software.One more thing that I wasn't going to comment on, but decided that I should.  the slate comes with a BT keyboard.  it is comfortable to use, and curved just right for me.  I am not a touch typist, though can hunt/peck really fast at about 50-60 wpm.  I consider this a freebee, especially when you consider the iPad doesn't come with one, and apple is really proud of theirs.  I bought the ZAGGmate one for my iPad, works well as a cover and keyboard and stand when needed.Speaking of Zagg.  No matter what device you want, or have, or get, I suggest the invisibleShield from ZAGG.  I have one for the slate, and the back has a custome image shield as well.So, there are my first impressions. Bottom line, as mentioned - the slate is not an iPad killer just as the iPad is not a kindle killer.  They all have different reasons for being.Will I suggest a slate over an iPad?  Maybe, but my first question will always be: what do you NEED it for?  What will you be using it for?  Then followed close behind - do you already have a software investment?Compare to clamshell:  again,  my question is what are you going to use it for?  This has a lot, a LOT of power with its dual core i5 processor.  A limitation on RAM of 4g may be something to consider.  But you have to deal with that kind of limitation of non-expandable or limited expansion for various hardware on a clamshell too.  Read about the hardware stats here - [...]The screen is kind of "small"ish depending on what you compare it to as far as a clamshell.  But if you are comparing to a more portable, netbook type device, then it is larger. :) It is not as thin as the newest really thin clamshells available, but it isn't a clamshell, it's a tablet.  It could evolve to another model that is somewhat thinner, but as a tablet, it can't be too thin or it would bend/break and with current display tech, needs to be static.A good point to remember, especially in comparison to the iPad, is that you CAN load other OS's.  You don't have to use what Apple tells you what is good for you.  I don't have a domain network, so have no need to change from the home premium that's installed, though I did install Linux for a time and had no issues.The paradigm that it takes "more power" on the Windows systems to run the same as a mac is old news.  It isn't accurate.  Many will say that you have to have a mac for pictures and video.  False.  An out of the box PC is going to have plenty of power for that kind of work.It all comes back to what are you going to use it for?  Do you already have a software investment?