There is finally a true tablet OS, not a frustrating implementation of desktop OS (think UMPCs) or an inflated and over extended phone OS (iOS/iPad, Galaxy Tab, and other android 'tablets').  It's really impressive to see and use and feels like a new OS, just one that's based on the Android we all known (and love).The implementation is good, remarkably good for a brand new OS that only really exists on one device (officially I mean, we know you can stuff this on a Nook).  It's far from perfect, but again it's very nice for a first shot.  There are bugs, but nothing show stopping (the music icon pops up again and again long after I've stopped playing it) and nothing that shouldn't be resolved in due course.  There are some shortcomings with the software (the browser is jittery and more than a few websites only load mobile versions [I know you can enter debug mode or use another browser, but I don't want to do that all the time and I don't care for Dolphin or Skyfire], there seems to be a lot of blank/white space in the applications that might be better used, and the widgets start to look weird on non-blue backgrounds [notice most of the ones included are blue]) but again, they should be worked out and improved in time.Where it falls in this particular implementation is mostly hardware.  I'm not a fan of the fingerprint and dust magnet that is the screen (it's really terrible).  Also, the screen just isn't that good.  It might be fine compared to some cheaper laptops but it gets incredably washed out at higher brightness and has only "OK" viewing angles.  I'll note that I'm more sensative to these things than other people, but I'd really like to see one of these with an IPS screen (like on the iPad). (-1 star)Personally, while the device is nice, it doesn't fill a need or purpose for me.  To me a tablet should be more about entertainment and creating a more personal experience than I can get with laptop.  This, for the time, just fails at that.  Part of it is just the methodology used here.  Each time I use the tablet for something that's truely unique to it (say versus my iPad or my Nexus S) I feel I'd just rather do it on my laptop for a better experience.  I've found a use for my iPad and specifics for when it's best (e.g. curling up in bed to watch netflix when a phone would be too small and a laptop too noisy/cumbersome/distracting), but I haven't with this.I guess the obvious reason for that is just lack of applications that I want in a tablet.  There's no Netflix, no Hulu, no working version of Pandora, etc.  These should be solved eventually, but there's no timeline for this from any of those companies. (-1 star)While I know some may argue that it's unfair to judge a product that is fresh out of the gate and that software will come, the issue is that new hardware will come as well.  There's also the issue that due to different hardware and such hulu or netflix may never come to this specific device (Hulu has stated 'select devices' for whenever they get their android version out, and netflix seems to need specific DRM capable hardware as far as they're claiming now - this could change, but who knows).  With quad-core Tegra chips coming late fall, rumors of a Nexus tablet, and whatever else happens in the next 6 months, I have to judge what a product is based on what it is now or will be in the immediate future.  Maybe Netflix and Hulu will put out android versions, but it may be another year and a much better tablet.I still think this is a great product, but it's just not for me.  Baring the screen quality (again it may not bother you as much) this is a really solid device.  If you need a lightweight and portable device this is a very solid and viable alternative to say a netbook.  But as my friend commented "If one gets Netflix, I might get one."  I kind of have to agree with that.