I have to admit...I was extremely cautious when looking into purchasing a Kindle Fire. I read many professional reviews and then at least 200-300 customer reviews before making my decision. I bought one. Why? When the reviews are so mixed? Well...it is obvious that these reviews fit into many categories, APPLE fanatics who dont want this to impact their beloved IPAD sales and those that want to compare it to an IPAD, Barnes and Noble faithful who are passionate about the NOOK, people who want it to do more than what it is advertised to do, techies that want to let you know nothing that sells for $200 can be worth it. All I can say is it does exactly what it was stated it could do and does it extremely well for a reasonably priced device. Seriously, if you love Apple then purchase an IPAD, it is a proven tablet but this is not an IPAD, it is not even a brother from another mother. If Barnes and Noble is dear to your heart...get a Nook, from what I understand and read a perfectly fine device. I am not a huge Amazon person, I dont make alot of purchases from them (some e-books), I am not a Prime member (testing now with the 30 day trial), I do have a Kindle Keyboard I purchased 2 years ago and was very satisfied with it for the same reasons I state above, it did what it was advertised to do.Into the Fire ....I am not going to write a detailed review of the functions, I have read many others who have done a much better job of describing each and every function of this product than I ever could. Lets suffice it to say I have been using it for 1 week, I am running the latest firmware (6.2) and I have not experienced issues with scrolling, hanging, wireless, or any of the other major complaints I have read about. I would go into a few of the specifics but my wife has taken it to work with her so I cant even describe some of the settings (although I did have lunch with her and she did let me play Angry Birds). It was painless to setup, reading on it was fine (although for genuine reading you cant beat the E-ink screens of a standard Kindle), games are crystal clear and actually fun, I streamed some TV shows (ex. Original Star Trek --Doomsday Machine) and it played flawlessly, tested some movies which also played fine and did some internet browsing as well which was not perfect, but this is after all a 7in screen so you have to do some adjusting to see the page content clearly sometimes. As for the internet speed it was perfectly fine, I am not counting tenths of seconds like I have seen some reviewers do, lets just say IPAD is usually faster but it is so minor not worth complaining about, I am not using this as a full time Internet Browser anyways. So it must be perfect right? ....Well..The Stars tell the tale....why not 5 Stars? Well...this is a first generation device and is obviously not perfect. I agree with some of the detractors that have listed some issues that really need to be addressed by Amazon, mainly but not limited to...*Purchases ...fine, so easy to make them, hard to stop them. I know they want you to purchase Amazon goods, but seriously, anyone can pick up this device and start spending like they found your credit card on the sidewalk. I know you can lock it with a password, but you still have wide open access to children who may or may not accidently start buying things since there is no control. Fix #1 would be simple, just make it so you have to enter your Amazon password when buying things, make 1 click optional or Fix#2 Have another profile on the device like Guest or something that is locked down so it cant install, purchase, changes settings or even optionally turn off web browsing for this profile.*Organization...uh..guys...it is a Kindle after all, why cant I organize my books by Author etc? Modifying the carousel would be nice too, it can get real junked up quickly.*Space...I understand the Cloud technology, and so far I am pretty pleased..but oh what a difference a few more Gig on the Fire would have made, just saying going forward it would be nice to have just a little more space for growth.Wrapping up....so after 1 week I can say that I am very satisfied with my purchase. I had intended to wait for the next version of Kindle Fire that is supposed to be larger and maybe have more features, but then I noticed that Amazon appeared to be responding quickly to issues and has released 2 updates in the last month with a 3rd one on the way soon. They appear to be serious about this product and are standing behind it, even the people who are complaining and returning them say the return process was smooth and no hassles from Amazon. So dont hate the Kindle Fire because it cant do what YOU want it to do, just like it because it does what it is advertised to, which is kind of nice when there are so many products that dont.