After mulling over the Archos 101 back in October, and increasingly frustrated with their delays, I found this gem in my local SEARS.  It has a Nvidia Tegra 2 chipset, which you will probably be hearing about increasingly in 2011.  A really nice device overall, but it's not without its faults which I will summarize.  First, the hardware....Hardware Pros:- Tegra 2 chipset dual-core with 512MB RAM.  Bleeding edge hardware, so much that the software has not caught up, yet (see more on that, below).- MicroSD slot, which supports up to 32GB.- A full USB port. You can hook up peripheral devices to it, such as a USB keyboard.- Micro USB port (not proprietary) , for mounting to your PC.  Forgot your cable and you're at a friends house?  No worries, just use any micro USB and you are in.- Front facing camera.  It's not the best, but it works.Hardware Cons:- The LCD.  Yes, ironic given that this is packaged by a company known for its displays.  The 1024x600 10 inch screen is essentially a netbook screen.  It's actually not bad at all when looking at it straight on, but the viewing angles are not very good.  This is critical if you were planning on using this as a gaming device where you'll be moving it around.- h264 support is limited.  This is confusing to some, as technically h264 works in certain configurations.  1080p "high profile" encoded videos do not work, whereas "main profile" does work.  The bottom line here is that you might find issues with certain high-def videos that will be very choppy or flat out crash the device.  My understanding is that this is a limitation of the Tegra 2 chipset itself.The hardware is very impressive, overall.  However, where this device loses a full point is the software that is supplied out-of-the-box.  Although it's Android based, the stock launcher is replaced with a interface called "Tap N' Tap", which is actually a third party vendor.  I don't particularly like the interface myself - it's slow, buggy with a tendency to "Force Close" very often, and the Marketplace that's been recently added is very different than the Android Marketplace you might be used to on your phone (and not in a good way).  Overall, it's just plain bad.If you are technically inclined or don't mind thinking outside the box, there are already several alternate firmware replacements for the device that can be found by Googling "Viewsonic G Tablet xda-developers". These mods can turn the device into something you are more familiar with, if you use an Android phone.  But, keep in mind that these alterations are not supported by Viewsonic and you could void your warranty.  So buyer beware.The other major problem is that Android itself is not built for tablets, yet.  But version 2.3 is about to be released, which could change things considerably in the next few months.  Whether or not the GTablet eventually gets an official 2.3 release, or a more Android-looking interface that is fully supported by Viewsonic is anyone's guess at this point - so, just know what you are getting into.12/21/10 EDIT:  The next official firmware slated for release this week by VS should allow the user to bypass the Tap N' Tap homescreen, and use a more vanilla Android interface.  This is a step in the right direction, imo.04/17/11 EDIT:  I've gotten some heat for the title of "Next Gen Hardware".  Remember, this was written in December - that's an eternity in technology terms.  The GPU is actually still up-to-date as of this writing, but Android devices with better screens are starting to show up (ie. the Xoom and soon the Transformer).  So just keep in mind when this review was written....04/23/11 EDIT:  I'm hearing reports that these new Amazon GTablets MIGHT be arriving with the latest Viewsonic firmware - this firmware adds a lockscreen, Adobe Flash and French / Spanish languages and a few other things.  You can tell if you have this new firmware if you go into Settings -- About Tablet and check the TapUI version -- "1.2" means the new firmware, and "1.1" means the old firmware.If you have a "1.2" firmware, please be careful with mods on XDA (as of this writing) as they are generally built around the "1.1" firmware, only.  Or, alternatively, you can try the few 1.2-based mods at Slatedroid (just Google "Slatedroid Gtablet 1.2" and you'll find them).  You can downlevel your firmware from 1.2 to 1.1 - but there is a small chance that you could soft-brick your device, especially if you don't read directions carefully - there are specific steps to take.  Just be careful, and have fun with your new tablet!7/28/2011 EDIT:  VS has recently stated that there will be no Honeycomb support for the GTAB.  However, there are unofficial mods on both XDA and Slatedroid.com, if you are willing to risk it and void your warranty of course.  And 1.2 based firmware has become much more common on XDA, since April.  If you do plan to mod your GTAB, just be aware of the differences between these branches so you don't risk a soft-brick.2/10/2012 EDIT:  There is a new update (build 5699) for the Gtablet that's now live, but still Froyo-based.  However, Viewsonic has now officially (and since this is now a week old I'm guessing there's no going back) moved to a 1.2 firmware base.  Again, I would be wary of any older mods that are 1.1-based as you could soft-brick your tablet.  But, given that this has been a known factor for almost a year now, hopefully most of the mods have taken this into consideration - best to read the mod's release notes to be certain.Also, there is an unofficial ICS beta for the Gtablet, care of TeamDRH (teamdrh.com will get you to their site).  As with any mod, use at your own risk but for a beta product I've found it to be fairly stable.  Kudos to that team for their hard work!