Went to Borders last week (2 hour drive round trip for me) and the clerks could not get the unit to turn on; nor could they answer too many questions - actually they could only repeat what was on the little display card and nothing else.  One stated that the cruz reader definitely had access to Android Marketplace.  Non-working showcase model -10 points.This weekend we were back in that area and I stopped again at Borders.  This time they had a working model.  I went prepared with my own SD card for testing.  After power the unit on I had to redo the wi-fi connection to browse the internet.  It was quite slow but I don't know what setup Borders has.  Funny that the signal strength IN THE STORE was only 70% but I get no better around my house so...  I went to [...] and poked around and the browser seemed to work ok.The screen resolution seemed fine; I could make things out pretty good in the browser and the app fonts were legible.The touch screen was a NGIHTMARE.  I don't know much about the differences between resistive and capacitive screens but this screen required a HEAVY touch and a long touch.  You had to MEAN IT when you touched something on that screen.  I assume resistive is what I have on my 10 year old Dell PDA, but it responds quickly to a light touch.  I almost felt I had to poke the Cruz screen. EDIT when I wrote this I was assuming that the screen on this cheaper unit (vs. the "Tablet") was resistive because I had read such negative reviews of resistive touchscreens but according to the spec page at borders it's capacitive.  Go figure.Video- on my SD card I had 4 mp4 test files.  3 were AVC mp4's in Baseline, Main, and high.  Only the audio played on any of the 3 files.  The 4th was another mp4 (MPEG-4 (Divx4 simple@1) and that wouldn't play at all - error message that it couldn't play this type of video.  I also had an old .avi (xvid) file from years ago and it wouldn't load that either.  So far -50 for video playback.Audio (mp3) file seemed to play fine but speakers were very quiet.  Didn't bring headphones to test volume.PDF- seemed to work but I only had a standard PDF (meaning older) so I didn't test reflow or any such thing.  I only use PDF for manuals myself so it wasn't improtant.ePub - First the only ereader software on the device is the Borders app.  You MUST be signed into an account to read a book.  I didn't want to do that on a public device so I was SOL.  I used the file browser to navigate to the SD card and managed to use office tools to open a .txt file but I couldn't open any of my epub files (said it didn't recognize type epub - maybe a file association issue?).  I tried to open an ebook I had that was in HTML format but the browser only popped up an error message about opening the file.  Blah blah blah nothing seemed to work worth a darn.  And the Borders reader app (as I tested it on my pc) is so terribly featureless compared so Mobi Pocket reader on the Dell.It was SLOWWWWWWWWWW also.  Very slow to do something once you tapped an icon.  My OLD OLD PDA is faster loading apps and multiple apps to boot.  I'd never think about a device like this to replace my PDA if my PDA had a 7" screen.  My eyes are getting bad is the reason I was looking in the first place.  Well that an web browsing; the browser on the windows mobile 2003 device is terrible and outdated; besides scaling stinks.I was after a PDA replacement for reading books; watching movies, listening to tunes  and surfing the web.  maybe the Tablet is better but then again if little brother is such a putz....?  I walked out of the store and never looked back. Has I bought it I would have returned it and waited for something better.  Looking at getting an ARhos 101 (but Archos has their own inbred problems with treating the customer like a person)>Danneauxs