I've deliberately avoided reading reviews on the Fire, because the one review (a "trusted name", someone who should know better) I read constantly compared the Fire to the iPad. I know it's not an iPad. I don't have, nor did I ever want, an iPad, and such comparisons are ultimately meaningless. I did not want to find myself being swayed by other people's opinions in matters which have no bearing.This is my first tablet. I've used Android since the original Motorola Droid (currently using a Droid 3), so I'm fairly comfortable with the environment. The Fire is obviously heavily customized to Amazon, but many of the basic navigation tasks and features still apply.I was pondering a Samsung tablet, but once concrete rumors of the Amazon tablet started to surface, I decided to wait. I find no regrets in my decision, as the Fire does what I want a tablet to do. I won't go into gory detail, as I'm sure plenty others have done so.The device is a bit heavy, substantially so. At least it doesn't feel like a toy. Set up was a breeze. Simply turn it on, connect it to my WiFi, and off we go. It took me no more than 60 seconds from turn on until I started to see all my Kindle books showing up. I have the Kindle reader app on my Droid 3, and it's the same app. Since I have a Kindle reader, I will continue to use that for its intended purpose. I'm a heavy reader, so the benefits of the eInk display and battery life of the Kindle reader far outweigh the Fire in that regards.I was initially concerned over the storage, 8gb with no expansion. But then I realized it's not really important. There's not much to store, everything is "in the cloud, man" (I like the concept, but I do hate the phrase).The first thing I did was use my Prime membership to view some videos (the first Star Trek episode, as well as a Chinese military movie, "The Warriors"), and I am pleasantly surprised with the video quality and sound. This was my primary reason for buying the Fire. Amazon has been adding videos for Prime members, and I only hope they continue their progress to acquire more.The screen is very glossy and reflective. It feels like Gorilla glass (not 100% certain on that), but I think I might get a screen protector just to cut back on the glare. Watching a video and seeing my ugly mug in the reflection was a bit of distraction.At the moment, I think I've watched about 4 hours of video. I can't comment on the battery life, but it seemed to be more than 75% remaining at that point. Even so, given my intended usage, if I need to plug it in while watching a video, that is not much of an issue.Connected to my e-mail accounts (disappointed that the official Gmail app doesn't seem to be available), installed a few simple apps. Did some web browsing. All to be as expected, no complaints. Response to screen taps, swipes, etc, was all acceptable with no real lag or sluggishness. I never really found myself "waiting" for an app to acknowledge.In the middle of the home screen is something called the "carousel", which is basically a Rolodex of all your previously used apps, opened books, videos, etc. Unfortunately, it got cluttered pretty fast as I explored my tablet, and there does not seem to be a way to clean it out, or remove something that I'm not interested in seeing on my carousel. There does not seem to be any way to filter, either. I hope Amazon addresses this in a not-so-distant future firmware update.Well, I could go on and on and on, but I won't, and will simply close review by restating my overall satisfaction with the Fire.