Thursday, August 30 2012 - 08:54 AM - UPDATE: Amazon shipped my new LePad and this time the charger works flawlessly. Amazon has been FANTASTIC to work with which is why they are ALWAYS my first stop to buy anything online.  I with I could say the same for the folks who  make LePad - The directions say that once I plug my LePad into the USB port on my computer it will show up as a drive. Well, it doesn't and never has. It runs some installation program which LePad just says to accept automatically and the LePad will show up as a drive but that never happens. There isn't a CD/DVD in the LePad box with the drivers and when I go out to the LePad website it takes a long time to find any download and then when you find it, its not the drivers, its a bunch of games and legacy junk in huge zip files that doesn't do squat to help me connect to my computer so I can begin transferring all my music, pdf's, and gigs of stuff over to my LePad so I can use it forever!  I am going to try and call LePad and see if they will take their phone off "busy signals" long enough to help me. If they don't help get this beast connected to my pc, I will return it and buy a KINDLE FIRE and be done with it!Friday, August 24 2012 - 07:43 AM - I have my LePan for about 3 days.  First, before you judge this Le Pan too harshly understand that mine was problematic right from the start yet Amazon is in the process of sending me a brand new one. I don't believe the one I originally received was "new". I noticed this from the second I opened the box; you just "know" this was purchased and used by someone else and returned because of the way the box has been "repackaged". First the DVD/CD was not in the box so I was never able to sync the Le Pan with my PC. I tried downloading the drivers yet they were HUGE, in a zip file and did not contain an .exe or startup file. Also when you read the "fine print" and "legal disclaimers" you are terrified if you proceed forward to sync the Le Pan with your computer. It was my understanding that as soon as I connected my LePan, via USA to my computer, it would show up as a disk named "LePan" and "BINGO" you are off and xferring file.  Also, this system did not hold a charge while it was playing. Example: plugged in to wall and should be trickle charging while playing and it's actually telling me that it's not even plugged in! Then I turned it completely off to charge and it went from 10% to 17% and automatically turned back on; even after I told it to "shut down" and not "sleep".  It's possessed I tell you. "Carolann - don't look into the light".  I will be reporting back once I receive my new one as I am confident this was a good purchase. You don't constantly get 4+ stars if you a piece of junk.  I remain hopeful.  "I'll Be Back".UPDATE: Friday, August 24 2012 - 10:40 PM = Thankfully Amazon is shipping my new La Pan and I am praying to the computer Gods that this one works. This existing unit has been charging for a good 34 hours and is only at 26% so there are additional issues here. Also my NFL APP freezes and no longer runs on this unit so I'm sans football on this unit which is one of main reason I bought it; although it's only preseason.  I'd really like to stay with the Android O/S yet if this new one that is coming isn't flawless, I might have to wait for a tablet PC which just runs the MicroSoft Windows 8. This is frustrating when Apple seems to be the only Tablet that works yet is so expensive and my entire business software is set up for PC's.