To start, I'm technologically competent and yet I'm on my third physical device. On top of that, I rarely even try to get it to work anymore, which is disappointing given that it's been only two months since I bought the first one and it clearly has potential.As a note about all Nexus 7s (not just mine), Bluetooth is a little messed up. Things it should pair with it won't. For me specifically, that's my Bluetooth speaker, which I would be very annoyed about if not for the stuff that follows. I know the tablet is cheap, but this is just not right.The first one I got essentially gave me the middle finger whenever i tried to use the internet, whether that was browse in Chrome or stream through Hulu. Given that I bought this device to essentially be my TV (Hulu Plus and NHL Gamecenter, primarily), this was a significant problem. It simply refused to connect to one of my routers and while it would connect to the other, that's as far as it ever got. Note that I have an Android phone and two laptops, none of which have a problem with either router.I bought a second unit to make sure it wasn't just me. Turns out it wasn't. The second unit worked as I expected it to work, connected to the internet, browsed, streamed, everything. I returned the first one and then the day after the return period for the second one, the second one stopped booting. I eventually got to the "dead Android man" and internet research told me this could only be fixed by sending the unit to ASUS. This was a relatively easy process (though not free, which annoyed me) and ASUS did exactly what I expected them to do, return a different unit to me (confirmed by serial number). I'll give them credit for being fairly quick and not giving me much hassle when I first contacted them, though I told the rep straight out what I had done, how it hadn't worked, and how the internet said it needed warranty service.It's been a month and I now have a third unit. This one is back to the Wi-Fi issue I had with the first one. I'm planning some more tests to see what I can do because I really want this to work. Like I said, I have an Android phone and this is a nice size for a portable TV (or TV replacement, in my case). I have a stand-case that will prop it up on my desk. I did actually get the third one to get online for about an hour before I took a plane trip and was able to rent and download the 7th Harry Potter and watch it on the plane. That was very cool and confirmed that I wasn't crazy to try this. Too bad I can't do it again.EDIT (05/09/2013): I did go back and try to make it work. For whatever reason, I didn't have to do anything. The only persistent issue I have now is that sometimes I need to actually stop apps that stream content, put the device to sleep, and wait 30 seconds or so. After that, I can turn it back on and stream content again. It's a little annoying, but it at least works. I do use it regularly and am finally at least happy I spent the money on it. Bluetooth is still an issue and the Wi-Fi isn't perfect, but it's also a $250 tablet, so what can I really expect I guess. I upgraded my rating to three stars. I'd give it four if not for the lengthy challenges to get to this point.