There are a lot of people who will be nitpicky with the Kindle Fire considering how many other tablets there are out there from Apple and the other Android-based manufacturers, but I can tell you right now that Amazon has a winner. I went into this purchase with no pre-conceptions, never having owned a tablet or a smart phone before and I can tell you that whatever research Amazon did in the creation of the Kindle Fire was dead-on. It's simple and easy to operate straight out of the box. Most of the problems with the operation will come from people who haven't got a lot of experience with tech-y gadgets. I found that even without the separate Android home button, etc., it didn't take that much time to learn how to use the touch-only controls.I think the one sure way to tell whether a product is a winner is that no one in our household could put the Kindle Fire down for hours after I took delivery. From me, a 51-year-old sort-of technophile, to my landlord's 20=year-old son amd a 17-year-old friend of the family, once I began downloading apps and accessing the web there was something for everyone that kept us enjoying this product for hours on end. It's like electronic crack! I love this thing and any trepidation I may have experienced was quickly dispelled by the response to it which we had. The Kindle Fire is FUN...it's EASY...and did I already say it's FUN! I can't encourage anyone who has been on the fence enough. BUY this product. Even if you don't use the Amazon Prime subscription, you still have Netflix and the thousands of other apps you can get in the Amazon apps market and the thousands more that I'm sure that they will have because  of the enormous sales the Fire will generate.There are a few things that I had problems with- my Fire was registered to someone else when I received it. Understandable since they have sold so many in advance. "Nancy",I have your Kindle and it's now registered to me after a few easy keystrokes. LOL I downloaded the apps for a couple of the Conde' Nast magazines and have gotten error messages while trying to generate my trial subscriptions, but I plan to take care of that situation tomorrow with the Amazon customer service people who rapidly responded to my email about the situation. I can't see these things stopping me from giving the Kindle Fire a five star rating. They are a relatively simple fix and you have to be pretty bitchy to allow these things to keep you from buying the product. We even have someone at the house who doesn't watch television who we have been enticing with Youtube and "Angry Birds". He hasn't surrendered yet, but I did get him to fiddle with the keyboard. He was concerned that he might spend too much time enjoying himself with the Fire, but I'm sure that eventually we will have him as "one of us".The screen is fabulous. The ease of access to Amazon products, is, of course, amazing. But you are not necessarily limited to only Amazon apps and products. Once you have used the browser for a bit, it learns and gets faster. You have apps for Netflix, Pandora, and slacker.com(one of my favorite internet music venues). I only hope that the Amazon app market picks up apps for sites like crackle.com and others with even more free media product.If you are an older user, don't be afraid to try something new. I have a laptop and I don't always feel like carrying it to the coffeeshop with me. Sometimes I just want something to read, listen to, or watch while I'm having a coffee or sandwich and the Kindle Fire is perfect for that. So it doesn't have 3G or 4G, just wi-fi. Well,wi-fi is pretty much ubiquitous in many areas and you can get tethered service to your cell phone in others. I think that most Starbucks had free wi-fi and one of the shops I go to gives you free access for the cost of buying a coffee. Enjoy yourselves, people. This is a wonderful media-consumption device which will ultimately be easy for everyone to use.I'm sorry if I gush, and i'm sure I'll be criticized for it, but anything that has this disparate group where I live enjoying themselves in so many different ways for hours at a time just has to be praised. I hope that everyone enjoys their Kindle Fire as much as I and my roommates/friends do.