I am a huge gadget person. I own 3 Archos (605, 5 and 5IT), a Sony PRS-505, countless mp3 players, etc etc. For a while I wanted a reader that would allow me to read my extensive collection of comics and magazines and I sure found it on the Cruz Reader! The jury was still out for the first couple of days, but as I got more familiar with the workings of the Android platform, I became more comfortable with the working of the apps.I am fed up and tired of people lambasting this device because it does not work like an Ipad; it doesn't because IT IS NOT AN IPAD!!! I think that for $150 (when I bought it; now it is $110)it is a pretty decent machine. The only reason why I am giving it 4 stars is because the Cruz is not as intuitive or as easy to navigate (yet) as other electronics that I own. What I do believe though, is that you get a lot for what you pay for.I have had no problem connecting the Cruz to my WiFi at home, checking emails, updating my Facebook or Twitters, navigating online, and most importantly, reading my books. Key apps to install: all the major booksellers (Borders, Kobo, Amazon, B & N), YouTube, Aldiko and FBJ Readers, ACV (Android Comic Viewer), Adobe Reader for Android, Beam Reader (also for PDF's) and whatever other apps depending on your lifesyle.All in all, I can say that I am extremely pleased with the product and plan to enjoy it for a long time to come.UPDATE 20-DEC-10: I had more chance to play with the Cruz and found out that the best Epub reader is Moon Reader, hands down. It can open documents straight from the SD Card (internal and external) without having to put the books on a special directory for the program to recognize them. Not only that, the Menu Options are mindblowing when compared to Aldiko and FBReader. So I have uninstalled those 2 apps and stayed with Moon Reader.So, as of today, these are the apps to have in addition to all the major booksellers:Comic Viewer: Android Comic Viewer (ACV)Epub Reader: Moon ReaderPDF Reader: Adobe Reader for AndroidAs I continue playing with the Reader, I will continue to update this review. The search is on now for the latest YouTube app.UPDATE 26-JAN-11: On the lookout for a PDF Reader with the ability to set bookmarks. I tried downloading "textr", but the tablet keeps telling me that there is insufficient space on the tablet, although I have deleted all unnecessary apps. Any sugggestions?UPDATE 21-APR-11: I gave up to the fantasy and got the tablet "poisoned", so it now runs the full Android Market. This has opened up a full new world for this device; now it runs 3x faster and it is much more responsive. I now have a $150 tablet that runs like a $600 Motorola Xoom. Am I pleased? Very!! However, a word of advice for the amateur hackers, like me; for this, please seek the assistance of a professional, otherwise you could risk bricking the tablet.