Actually a great device for the money. It seems quicker and more alert than my Android phone (Kyocera Echo) and it is more alert than my wifes phone (HTC Evo 4G). It works great with the HDE 7" Tablet Stand with USB Keyboard - Black Faux Leather Carrying CaseHDE 7" Tablet Stand with USB Keyboard - Black Faux Leather Carrying Case. For the money, and what it is capable of, it is a great device.Easy to get Android Marketplace on it. As with all Android devices some items in the Android market may not work quite right. I have issues with my phone sometimes, my wife who has a different phone has issues with other apps. It has been my experience that not all apps work on all devices. The marketplace tries to limit the available apps to those that will work with your device but sometimes a few apps that cause issues get through. You have multiple differences in hardware makers, modifying the Android software to suit their needs/desires so that is to be expected.If you want a tablet just to do quick simple things its great. Tablets are not super powerful to begin with and I can't see paying several hundred dollars for a tablet when you can buy a more powerful laptop or netbook for less money than a Xoom or iPad and have it be more capable.This tablet came with a stylus and it works best with a stylus. It is a resistive touchscreen. This means it works on the pressure asserted against the screen and can only locate one point at a time on the screen. This could explain why some people have reported having to dig their fingers in. If you are more familiar with a capacitive screen you don't have to touch them as hard and you can get away with fat fingering them a little more easily. I haven't had to dig a fingernail into the coby Kyros like some people have stated, it seems to do okay when I point with the tip of my finger and I have short nails. The stylus works much better however. A capacitive touchscreen works off of the electrical conductivity of your fingerprint which is why many types of styluses won't work with capacitive screens and they are often more user friendly as you can more easily press the buttons on them.The largest downside I have seen is that the video quality is kind of low on it. Netflix app works fine with it, but the played back video is poor. For a $120 device that can surf the Internet, run a lot of games, a lower quality video isn't necessarily a turn off. Yes I would love to get a device that can do everything great, include play hardcore high end games, have unlimited battery life (solar powered?), and only pay $120 (or less) for it. But the reality is that just isn't going to happen. You need to gauge what you want out of a computer. If you want high end hard core games a tablet computer is not for you at all. If you want a quick way to see your e-mail, access the Internet, perhaps watch a few videos and can deal with a bit of graininess in the video than why pay for an iPad or a high end Android which really only has a few more features that just improves upon those but can't actually offer high enough functioning to justify the much higher cost over a laptop or good netbook.***UPDATE - sometimes just using the fix to get Android market can cause issues with the home button. This occurred in mine. As a fix I rooted the device. Many sites tell you it is impossible with this particular tablet, don't believe them. Using clockwork mod 5 and cyanogenmod 7 you can root it and get Android marketplace on it. Just after the mod the tablet was very fast, surprisingly fast. And then I put Android market back on and it got slower. It wasn't unbearable but it was slower. Just a tip, you can do it with no ADB shell commands, no manual installation of APK files. Both Amazon and Android market work on this device. All the keys work as they are supposed to.