What a great tablet. Let me break it down and explainPROsSIZE: The 7" form factor is great, it is highly portable. I havent left it at home really since i got it. i'm not one to walk with a big bag, so this is great to drop into your purse or jacket/pants pockets (if you're a guy) It is very solid. So it's great for reading books as well.GESTURES: the playbook uses gestures to turn it on, change applications, and so on.. as there are no buttons on it except for the power and volume buttons. This has to be my FAVOURITE feature.. so ingenious! I own an ipod touch, now i find myself swiping on that screen. lolTRUE MULTITASKER: beauty about this tablet, you can run one application and simply swipe across to get to the other without stopping the first one.. pretty cool. I havent seen any lag on it, i have gotten up to 9 applications going at the same time and it still didnt slow down.BRIDGE: If you own a Blackberry smartphone, it will skyrocket the PB into more awesomeness. With the Bridge function, you can connect your phone with the playbook and use the phone's data plan to surf the internet on the playbook. Big help if there's no wifi around. You can also see a lot of information that's on the phone on the playbook. you can use BB messenger, memopad, calendar, messages (emails) on the playbook.FULL BROWSER WITH FLASH SUPPORT: when browsing, all flash material comes through just like you would on a computer. My mother is able to even check her farmville on it when she's in bed. Though it is laggy, but it will do the job.MEDIA- CAMERA: 3 MP forward facing, 5 MP rear; both capture Full HD 1080p video. you can get some beautiful photos and video. the mics are crisp and clear and loud.- SPEAKERS: 2 speakers on top of either ends of the tablet. They are nice and loud.- DISPLAY: 1024 x 600-pixel resolution. for the size of the tablet, videos looks great. very sharp and crispFUTURE OS: I'm pretty sure BB10 operating system will come to the playbook which will just make the playbook a whole new device again... as i witnessed with Playbook OS 2.0CONS:APPS: In truth, the Blackberry Appworld doesnt have a big apps market like the others have. But many times, the browser does well to access the website. (other tablets create apps because they dont have the flash support and isnt able to use the full website on it)There is no Netflix nor Skype app available, though there are apps that try to get around that. As far as i know, Netflix will not get to the Playbook neither. These dont affect me much because i dont have a netflix subscription and i dont use Skype.Some apps on the PB also tend to be a bit more pricey in comparison. The appstore is growing though so this con may do a turnaround at some point.WEIGHT: For it's size, it's kinda heavy and you can feel it in your hands after a bit. (especially when reading)Overall, I love the PB, i find more uses for it everyday. I find most people who complain about and sully the good name of the playbook didnt do their research... Take heed of what you're buying..  because if you want netflix and skype and a bunch of apps...dont get it and begin to complain that it doesnt have it.