I must admit that I was pretty frustrated the first day that I began using this product.  I even went as far as calling customer service and getting a return label, but I decided to give it a chance and it has begun to grow on me.  I think most of the frustration with the touch screen and navigation comes from people not taking a few days to get used to the way the touch screen responds and learning the various menus.  Yes, the touch screen isn't as responsive as an ipad--this product is less than half the price, so I can deal with that.  The browser honestly works best with mobile sites as it is pretty easy to fat finger a lot of the links and buttons on normal sites without zooming way in.  Videos look great and load fairly quickly.  Books look good and were easy to read for a few hours--not as easy as e-ink, but I like how you can use the fire to read in the dark.  Swiping to turn pages may take a minute to get used to but wasn't that big of an issue for me.  The magazines that I bought (Runner's World, Maxim, and Consumer Reports) all looked good and were easy to navigate and read once you used the text mode for articles.  Some of the print in the regular page display for magazines was hard to pick up because of the 7 inch screen but it is easy to zoom in on the pages.  The speakers are adequate--they work well enough that a few people can watch a movie on it with the speakers turned all the way up and hear everything.  One of the major advantages that I see in this product is that it feels very sturdy--the screen seems like it will hold up to scratches well and it has handled minor drops and bumps without any damage so far.  This is important to me because I travel a lot and spend a lot of time living in semi-outdoor/remote areas for work and the fire is perfect  to load a few TV episodes or a movie and some books to take along with me and not have to worry about babying the device so much.  I would really have liked more storage or an SD card slot, but the device is only advertised as having 8 GB of storage so you know what you're getting when you buy it.  The kindle fire does everything I would expect it to do for $199.  I am happy with my purchase, and would recommend this to someone who is looking for an inexpensive product that they can use to consume media, do light browsing, and use all the usual apps like angry birds and words with friends.  If you need all the features that an ipad or a xoom has, then buy one of those products, otherwise you will be happy with the kindle.  Read the product descriptions and know what you're getting.