As someone not fond of Apple hardware, their inflated prices or their locked-down app eco-system, I was thrilled at the chance of entering into the tablet world at such a cheap price point. I read a lot of positive reviews for it and was totally stoked to get it into my hands and through it's initial paces. Unfortunately, the love affair with this gTablet quickly ended within a couple of days of ownership.I agree with all the other reviewers "Pros" for why you should buy this, so I don't need to rehash any of that too deeply here. Yes, it's a technically sound device that packs a lot of horsepower for the price. You definitely won't find anything anywhere near this price with similar hardware capabilities.As others have said, you're also going to want to root the device and get a better ROM for it. The stock OS is ok with their latest update but I just don't understand what they were thinking by not loading this thing up with all the necessary Google apps and access to the actual android market. I guess Viewsonic must receive a cut of the purchases with the second-rate app market they partnered with out of the box. If you dare, "viewsonic-gtablet-for-dummies.webs DOT com" is a great site for figuring out how rooting is accomplished. A lot of reviewers say it's easy to root this device, and they're right about that, for those of us with experience in doing so with other similar devices. However, without very specific instructions, a lot of less technically inclined folks will definitely get tripped up with the process. I could just imagine my 70 year-old aunt trying to decide which ROM she should try out for her particular ROM branch... Not happening.If you're inclined to tinkering with your OS, then by all means "hack" away, but you probably won't be too impressed with the OS as it comes out of the box, you may want to steer clear or buy in the hope for a quick wait for them to release a stock upgrade to Android's gingerbread or even honeycomb OS versions.Software wasn't really the issue however... The dealbreakers for me with this device lie entirely with the hardware design.1. The weight. Even though the specs say it's only 6oz more than an iPad, this thing feels like you're holding a brick by comparison. The wife has an iPad2, it's thinner and feels significantly lighter by comparison. I'm a pretty big guy, and I do a lot of bedtime surfing, this thing is just too heavy to do hold onto for any extended period of time. I tried using a stand I also purchased to prop the tablet up on my chest/stomach, but then you're faced with dealbreaker #2 The cheap, slick backing doesn't help at all for grip either.2. The button positioning. When held in landscape mode with my big banana hands, the buttons on the right side of the device are right where my hand naturally wants to hold it. As you can guess, that creates a great deal of frustration when navigating the web and using different apps with all the accidental thumb brushes on the 'home', 'search', 'menu' and 'back' buttons. Yes, I'm aware that these buttons can be disabled and that some ROMS duplicate the buttons on the screen, however using those buttons presents issues of their own because of their non-intuitive placement on the bottom left while holding the device in landscape mode. My thunmbs don't bend back that far.3. The viewing angles of the LCD. Unless you're looking straight at this thing at just the right angle, you're not going to be able to see what's on the screen with any degree of accuracy. Forget watching videos with a friend at arms reach unless you're shoulder to shoulder with them. One of my few pleasures in life is watching funny 'net clips in the sack with my wife, this device makes it nearly impossible to share the experience with her.4. USB Charging. Something I really should have taken note of prior to purchase, but this device cannot charge while plugged into a computer or portable battery pack supplying USB voltage. You have to use the AC charger. Ugh. so much for that 11,000 mAH battery pack I've got.5. Fingerprint Magnet. Unless you want to be constantly wiping this thing off, you may want to get yourself a stylus. I can't believe how gross it looks in the morning when the sun shines on it after a late evening of surfing.6. The screen dimensions. The screen is great for watching 16:9 video in landscape mode. When reading books/magazines/pdf's in portrait mode however, it's a somewhat awkward resolution as the pages don't naturally fit within the narrower confines of the LCD. Thus, as a reader, it's not the best choice.7. The single front-facing camera is far from great. Would suffice for general skyping, but that's about it.So there you go, I hope this proves helpful. This could have been a great tablet if they would have thought it through a little more. All I can say is that I'm glad they accept returns, just wish I didn't have to pay for shipping. Maybe I'll just sell it on eBay instead.