The problem most negative reviewers have here, is what so many others run into before buying something with hopes and expectations. Simply put, you have to do your homework before purchasing anything in order to keep from getting let down by false hopes. I have 3 of these coming in the mail for my kiddo's, and spent about 4 to 5 days researching all of the current Android tablets available in this price range before picking anything. Out of all devices under $200, this Kryos has the best performance, and hardware options available. There are a few that run right up there with it, but still cost $30 or more per unit.I already know what to expect as the positives and negatives of these devices, primarily the resistive screens that are not as nice as our Moto Driod's Etc. But with facts in hand, the tons of functionality they offer, and the extremely low price tag, I was very comfortable purchasing three of these as Christmas gifts for my loved ones.If you have considered an iPad, and are looking at one of these Android tablets as a cheap alternative, then you have already set yourself up for upset. These do not perform the same way. The screens are not the same technology meaning they do not recognize a soft swipe of the screen, or multi touch like most of their mobile phone brethren. They are resistive screens much like the older Windows mobile phones that react to pressure on the screen. A stylus is going to be more precise of course, but not always needed to operate the touch screen.As for browsing, it is only as fast as your wireless connection will allow it to be. Many of the reviews others have made during test drives of the Colby show excellent response times loading web pages. But just like any device including your high performance notebooks, wireless signal strength, internet speeds, and many other factors come into play when you decide to hit a website.I can honestly say, that these are by far the funnest little gadgets you can pick up for this low of a price, that offer so much features and functionality. They will and should never be a comparison to a high dollar iPad with a ton more hardware resources available. But at a third of the price, I am much happier playing my HD movies and MP3's, surfing the web, checking email, etc on an Android then paying the price of an Apple.And I must correct all those out there bashing the lack of Android's mighty marketplace. This is not missing due to not having mobile connectivity, or even funnier, "an obscure legal loophole" LOL! This is due to the fact that Google requires high cost licensing from manufactures against their devices to allow access to their Market. The Android Tablet arena is still very new, and has not reached the sales yet needed to take on the cost of this licensing, and still produce a profit worth production. Once these devices are welcomed into the community, and sales become profitable, most manufacturers will have the leverage they need.For most, the offerings of these tablets will provide allot of satisfaction as a media and internet device in your home. For those with little patience, you can't save money and be happy at the same time. Whip out that wallet and go get yourself something more expensive so we don't have to hear your whimpers of an another poorly researched purchase. And for those who are driven heavily on performance, and not scared by technical challenges, get out there and upgrade this Kryos and you will open up tons of limitations and performance from the hardware and OS.Hope this helps some out there. Good luck, and happy smart shopping for the holidays!Some of the great resources I used: (remove spaces in URL)-Colby Kyros MID7015 Hands on Review (Unbiased)[...]-Competing Android Tablets Test Drive Comparison Data[...]-Colby Kyros MID7005/MID7015 Resource Page (Contains bugs, apps, and mods)[...]-Manufacturers Site (Contains Manual and Firmware Update)[...]-Excellent video on Home Shopping Network showcasing what it offers (if you can get past HSN's cheesy sales guys)(very biased of course)[...]