My husband and I are young parents, so we get out and about quite a lot on trips. We take lengthy road trips roughly once a month for fun (more frequently when the weather is nice). And we like to do take these lengthy trips with our three year old, whose patience for the third drive to Canada in one year is...not super good.Enter: iPad Mini, ultimate toddler entertainment device.My son started off as a wee little pudgeball using my iPad 2, and I noticed that he and the iPad had an unnatural connection. The predicable nature of iOS and sensitive touchscreen were easy for his baby brain to puzzle out with trial and error, and the many restriction options allowed me to lock him out of most things he shouldn't get into. He was better at using the thing than I was within weeks, and when that iPad met an untimely death on a concrete floor, we decided to get our son one of his own. The iPad Mini is a much smaller, sleeker device that fits chubbular fists quite easily - a perfect size for children.Armed with a suite of educational apps and Curious George episodes, our son and the iPad have now driven thousands of miles and visited several countries. The battery life lasts us most of a day without being plugged in (and that's with constant video playback). It has quieted innumerable tantrums while on the road in the middle of the Cascades and on the most hideously boring stretch of road known as I5 in southern California. I expect it will also survive our upcoming six hour flight quite nicely.On a less child-oriented level, the screen looks great and the slender device is a pleasure to behold. The white one looks a bit cheaper than the black one, in my opinion, but that's all rather subjective. The software is fast and responsive. The touchscreen is a delight.Note for parents who might want to grab one of these for their children: iOS7 now defaults to showing ALL videos you've ever bought in the video library, including those you haven't downloaded. You can turn this option off in the settings. If you don't want a frustrated child without WiFi trying to download your copy of Dredd 3D, you should really make sure to do that. :) Also, make sure to set the "require password" setting from "15 minutes" to "immediately" so that you don't end up buying a few extra seasons of Curious George. And make sure to turn off in-app purchases, too.Last thoughts: I wish the restrictions were somewhat more comprehensive. You can prevent kiddos from deleting apps, but not from deleting videos, and it's hard to bring Blue's Clues back in the middle of nowhere when he accidentally deletes the whole season. I also wish this tablet were a bit cheaper - it's an awfully expensive device to risk the child throwing it out a window. My son's been surprisingly responsible with his iPad so far, though. Whether the investment is worth it for your family probably depends on the child in question.