This was my first tablet pc I ever bought. I am a fairly technical person having been using computers for over 20yrs. I got this for my wife actually as I have a decent 14" Laptop already. I had seen iPad's before and was intrigued by them but wasn't sure. The first thing I liked right from the start is its very portable - with a 7" screen - its brighter and bolder than an any iPod, large enough to read a full page of text ala paperback style, and its fairly fast enough to be utilized as a nifty media device ie video & audio player.The second and third things I liked immediately was the ports and the bootup speed - a full size HDMI port and it has a full size USB2.0 port - no adapter needed, just plug in almost any USB flash drive up to 64GB capacity - IMHO perfect for swapping data/media files between computers. Due to its Tegra 2 processor and decent system RAM & base system Storage it has a speedy bootup & use speed. 512MB DDR2 RAM is quite efficient for this tablet's OS & graphics. Speaking of which it has its own GeForce graphics processor as well which enables the Tegra 2 processor to not be bogged down by gpu duties.There are cons, several which bug me - one being the tablet is using an outdated Android OS version (v2.2 Froyo) which does not seem to be upgradeable. Another is there are several (two - 1) a SIM? card slot, 2) a bottom dock) ports which are essentially unmarked and unusable - even the eLocity product manual makes little or no mention what these ports are for, allegedly a Keyboard Dock *is* available next year. The SIM card slot, to me, appears to for the purpose of adding Cellular communication ala 3G communication protocol for added connectivity, however No Where in the eLocity documentation is there mention of this fact. There are almost no accessories available for the device, except for some cases which eLocity does not even sell currently. However the one glaring and major drawback for me is the A7 using outdated communications technology - it only has/supports 802.11 b/g and BlueTooth 2.1. I can only assume because this device is from some relatively new/unknown company and they want to keep the device relatively affordable. Wireless-N has been around for several years and is widely used, why this device only supports b/g WiFi is beyond me.Another big pet peeve of mine is the wording/labeling of its internal storage. 4GB of internal storage is available. This IS NOT MEMORY per se like most people would think. It is technically Flash memory, but it is used for the tablets internal System OS and System Apps. The primary Storage media for this and Most other Tablets is the use of SD cards & USB Flash Drives.Pros:NVIDIA Tegra 2 ARM9 processor, @ 1GHz w/ 1MB L2 CacheNVIDIA ULP GeForce graphics processor512MB DDR2 internal RAM4GB internal storage (flash RAM storage for system's OS and programs)microSD card slot supports up to 32GB microSD cards (apps or data storage)full size USB2.0 port supports up to 64GB USB2.0 Flash Driveseasy to handle size, lighter weight than I thought.very bright screen, love the ability to read a full page of text from an eBook.supports Adobe Flash 10.1Cons:Outdated Communications technology - it only offers 802.11 b/g & BlueTooth 2.1. not upgradeable.Outdated OS - comes with Android OS 2.2 Froyo.No accessories from eLocity, limited 3rd party accessories.does not support "HC" or faster microSD cards.USB2.0 port supports only Flash Drives and USB keyboards.Screen gets dirty very easily from Fingerprints.Webcam is only 1.3MP (not too awful as I rarely use webcams for anything)Overall the eLocity A7 is an entry level tablet for the general media enthusiast. I would recommend it to anyone wanting something akin to an eReader with more Oomph ( video player, audio player, general web surfing, reading eBooks, basic games ).UPDATE: eLocity now offers a new version of the A7. they call it the A7+ and as far as I can tell the ONLY differences is the screen Res is upgraded to 1024 x 600 (the A7 offers 800 x 600 resolution) and it has a slightly better Battery (A7+ w/ a 1530 mAh vs the A7 w/ a 1500 mAh).Also according to the eLocity FAQ's, the A7 technically can be upgraded to Android OS 2.3.