I bought this item on 9/9/2011 from Amazon for developing software because it was cheap and ran a fairly new version of the Android OS. Not a good idea. Because the Original Android OS was modified by Coby, applications that run on other Android devices simply failed/crashed on this thing for no apparent reason. AKA not a good testing platform. In addition, the screen has a shiny blurry feeling to it that made my eyes hurt after an hour or so of continuous use. Finally, the Apps store is not the Google App Store/Market Place but a Coby Apps Store which means your selection is going to be limited. Otherwise, the device did as advertised.Now, this is why I would advise you to buy something else - Coby Customer Service & Tech support is Useless. Plain & Simple!Proof 1: I needed to reset it to the factory setting, I followed the directions on the site, but they were useless. Finally I called tech support. However, they could not help - Apparently, they did have info about the product because it was a newer model. After tinkering with it for a few hours, I figured it out on my own. Kudos!Proof 2: It worked for about a week then the all important volume button stopped working. I called Coby and got an authorization to return this item. In return they sent me a down grade/older model 7015. I called and was connected to a woman called Beverly on 10/25/2011 - She stated that it would be picked up from my house and the situation woult then be corrected. Two weeks later no one showed up. Hence, I called Coby again on 11/9/2011, got in touch with Deon who took my information and forwarded it to his spupervisor Tim and advised me to call back on the following day if I did not hear from him/Tim. Given that I did not hear from either of them on 11/10/2011, I called Coby again and got in touch with Beverly. She had no recollection of our previous conversation. She took my info and promised to forward it to her supervisor. Annoyed, I asked to speak with Tim who honestly had nothing useful to add except that I should call back on the following day as he needed to get in touch with the warehouse. On 11/11/2011 I called at 1:34PM and got Beverly again - after placing me on hold for an eternity, I was finally told that Tim is out to lunch and any update would come in from the warehouse on the following Monday. Should Have seen that one coming. At approximatley 4:30PM I called and was told by Paul that Tim had left for the day at 3PM. However, he would be happy to take my info and passed it on to Tim in an e-mail. Been there, done that, a waste of time. May I speak with someone else? Yes here is Dwayne; Tim's Boss. As usual, the sweet little man had nothing useful to add except that "Updates will be available on Monday and you should call back then."Proof 3: Everyone in this company is passing the buck to the almighty halfwitted supervisor. No one is taking ownership for anything.Proof 4: There appears to be a complete break down in communication.Proof 5: You'll have a massive headache at the end of it all that will make you wish you had purchased this piece of junk from a company with better support & customer service or that you had taken the money and given it to your local shelter or the Republicans. Hence, the saga continues, resolution pending...Update 11/16/11Duane has not heard from the warehouse yet.