THIS TABLET IS THE BEST ON THE MARKET. How could there be any doubt it isn't?? $550! :)Windows 7 has a plethora of great touch features. The usual complaints about the on screen keyboard, the web-browsing experience, blah blah blah. Why would windows not rock out in all these aspects?? How about I just sync my bookmarks and passwords from my Google chrome browser at home to my tablet real quick. Ah..done. With a full windows pc there is no compromise. EVER.This thing is more than powerful enough to run anything you throw at it. Have 10 applications open, playing a video, and on and on, I've never seen this thing stutter in the week I've had it. Battery life is great too! All these people saying 6 hours isn't enough. Dude.....when the screen is off or its in standby you are using practically nothing. This thing lasts me 2-3 days sometimes & I bring it everywhere!!I could go on & on & on & on & on. It has everything a windows desktop has. A FULL sized hdmi port, 2 usb, on & on. Why fumble with your printer app on ur ipad? Just add the network printer to your windows 7 tablet in a snap. Map your network drives and stream content from ur other pc with the massive hard drive. That makes 32 gb on board seem plenty big. You can hope that a skype app with video comes out for your tablet platform or just have windows and download Skype. WTF!!!! Easy choice for me.Bottom line is: Its bright, beautiful, well built, the touch screen is as responsive as any of the best on the market, the weight difference of .5 lbs is not even enough to notice a difference between a full pc tablet and other gimmicky phone os tablets.Anywhere I bring this thing people are in awe. "A whole pc in that?" "Where did you get that?" and so on.I go to best buy to get a case for this thing and I see the salesman demoing the Iconia Android tab, xoom, and others. I bust up his presentation and show the customers the power of windows 7 on a tablet. Needless to say, they didn't buy an android tab that day nor will be getting an ipad2. They will be looking online for the W500 BITCHES!!!!!!!! get this thing......its like WHOA. I just wish they put together a bigger marketing campaign for these new windows 7 tablets (tv spots, radio, mag ads). I mean push this thing dammit! We all know people are getting tired of the basic nature of the "oversized phone" tablets. We yearn for more!!!! And this tablet gives it to us :)btw I've tried all other "serious" tablet competitors before throwing down on the acer. The ipad2 is nice & light, sure, but its so simplistic its all just gimmicks, and I could never get past the fact that its just a big iphone, which isn't even any good on a phone when its put next to android. All the honeycomb tablets (xoom, iconia, etc) garbage as well. Like using a calculator or something. Way too simplistic for something of that screen size. I just recently played aroudn with a blackberry playbook also. I actually liked the UI a little more than ipad/honeycomb but it was still so simplistic. A great example of windows 7 tab vs. all other tabs....Recently, a week after the playbook came out, they finally released a facebook app and a video chatting app. Hoo-f'in-ray! An app that won't have all the features u want, I'll just open google chrome and go to facebook.com. Seems simple enough right? And the video chatting app, just like Apple facetime, only lets u chat between like devices. So a playbook can only video chat with a playbook. I just open the windows skype application and connect to anyone I want. Simple enough right?This is one of the first of a new generation of devices, a full OS on something so portable changes the game completely. You just watch, apple will be releasing a tablet in the next 1-2 years with their full OS on it. but it'll be too late. Bahahahahhahaha! stupid apple :)