Bought this device, so that I could watch music videos on youtube, or anime (mkv files) while I work out. I wanted to love this thing, but I just couldn't make it work!Pros: Nice big screen, clear and crisp, speakers decent, fairly light weightCons:Shoddy design - I've seen a couple reviews that mentioned this, but it happened to me too. The back panel is made of thin, reflective metal. With 1x use, the heat from the unit actually WARPED the panel. There was a palpable space underneath the panel, so every time I handled the device, it made an audible snapping noise as the panel flexed. Super annoying, and I imagine eventually the whole panel would have simply fallen offCupcake - I've read this term on a few reviews as well, from the more advanced users. I didn't quite understand at first, but basically, it comes with an older version of the android OS. You have to be willing to MOD the hell out of this device to get it to do anything advanced (and the tech/geek forums were great resources). However, even after hacking/installing the free marketplace, I found that half the apps didn't even run reliably.Freezes - multitasking sucks, very slow between screens and frequent freezing. Once I spent 40 mins staring at this useless device while on the cross-trainer; I was unable to unplug my headset from the device because it was frozen on the Pandora app, but still blasting out 1-2 second segments of a song every 3-5 minutes - I didn't want to disturb the other people in the gym. The device wouldn't turn off.The reset button has a very tiny access - most large paperclips wouldn't fit into it, I needed to eventually use a safety pin.Movie player sucks - when I read that it could handle MKV and other popular video formats used by my favorite fansubs, I was stoked! The device failed at everything else, I thought at the very least if it could play my anime, I'd forget all the pitfalls. No go - supports mkv, but no subtitle functionality. Fail.Hot Hot Hot - this thing gets hot...Browser capability - couldn't get the youtube app from hacked Market Place, so i was stuck using Skyfire browser to attempt to watch videos online. More often then not, it did not recognize that there was a video on the page I was viewing. It's an ongoing issue, as youtube continually change the flash features on their site; skyfire just doesn't keep up with the updates timely enough...but hey it's a free android market app - that's expected. Access to the youtube app would have fixed this.Touch screen - not a big deal to me, but it was quite difficult to use at times with the slow and sluggish responsiveness. I have to re-calibrate almost with every use.So...I ended up returning it. I would definitely purchase the next version if they updated the OS because that would fix almost 99.9 % of the issues I encountered. The device itself has potential, but right now, my Droid 2 does more...