I should mention that I have used or extensively tested all major brands with the exception of the Samsung Galaxy Tab 10 inches, but including the first Samsung Tab 7 inches.Price: reasonable ... it saves you from buying adapters, so overall it can be on the lower end of the price range.Looks: the Thrive looks much better than the Asus and Acer which both seem old and outdated and seem like they've been used before; it has similar looks to the Xoom. The iPad looks really good, and depending on your mood you might find it nicer sometimes, but other times the Thrive looks rugged and more serious especially in front of your business associates. It feels somewhat silly to show your boss a document on the iPad. The Thrive looks business-like and mature.Weight and size: yes it's heavier than other tablets, but to me this was one of the reasons why I got it. I used the iPad for 1 month and did not know how to hold it, it slips and the only way to be sure is to rest it on something: I had to lock my fingers on it so it won't drop. The Thrive is not heavy at all in absolute terms. The rims are wide and that's good as your fingers don't interfere with your reading.Status lights: not nearly as bad as some have made it to be. In fact I like them, they make the Thrive seem alive and waiting safely for you to use it like a trusted partner.Screen: it has a very good screen, but the iPad has a better screen, also the Samsung Tab 7" also has a better screen. Its screen is about equal to Acer, Asus and Xoom.Finish: reading some reviews, you'd think that the Thrive is ugly, but it looks much better in real life than on screen. The silver piece on top is not as bad as some made it to be; I don't mind it. Since the back cover is replaceable, Toshiba can make another version with a different color and texture (the bright colors they currently produce do not go well with the color of the front side of the tablet). Nonetheless, I don't normally stare at the back of it!Battery: good to very good. I doubt many people will spend more time using it that what the battery provides in a 24-hour period. If you do, you need to get a life. The replaceable battery is not an issue to me especially that you need to charge the extra battery in the Thrive itself.Sound: this is also another area where I expected a deficiency based on some reviews, but it is loud enough for all practical purposes.Most importantly: function: the Thrive functions beautifully, no hangs, feels right, and speedy.  The ports are fantastic I use them extensively, especially the full USB. I still don't know what better and faster way to move data to any tablet than the USB. It was a pain to move data to the iPad, which severely limits its use. I don't necessarily need certain data permanently on the tablet, and the USB flash memory allows for such flexibility.Note: I believe your particular situation has a lot to do with how much you like your tablet. I am a male, 42 yrs old, have 2 kids, and work in management, and I need a tablet that can be versatile for all practical uses: documents, pics, notes, email, music, internet, news. I like gadgets and do not have a bias to any specific brand. At home I have different brands, so I buy stuff based on their merits, and for this particular case, the Thrive satisfies all my requirements, and has indeed replaced my netbook. I recommend it fully to those with similar requirements and expectations.