I've had this for 24 hours now and I can't get enough.  It's taken a bit to get the bloatware off and get the Win7 updates and some virus protection, but I've also been surfing the web and I installed Steam so I could play a game or two.First off, let's get one thing straight.  Nothing beats a full OS. Period. Sure, I have an iPod Touch that I love and a Motorola Droid that I love.  But nothing beats the power of a full OS.  I installed Flash in an instant, I installed Chrome in a couple of instants (man IE is soooo slow), and now I put on full versions of software like OpenOffice & Steam.  I plugged in a USB mouse and the included keyboard dock and I'm rocking and rolling.The touchscreen is very responsive and accurate and it is surprisingly easy to use the touchscreen keyboard included in Win 7.This screen is fantastic!  Bright, clear, and a great resolution.  Most netbooks run at 1024X600, but this goes up to 1280x800.  So much fits on the screen and it is not all scrunched up.  I went to YouTube and played several 1080p videos at full screen.  I streamed some NetFlix movies through the browser (no special app needed, thanks full OS) both at full screen and smaller and the colors, brightness, and crispness was astounding.Sure, the SSD is pretty small, only 32gb but really around 17gb after all the software is on.  I removed a lot of the crap pre-installed by Acer, but that only saves around 500mb~1gb.  Good thing there is are some USB ports so you can plug in some external drives.  Or if you have an SD card, go ahead and plug that in.  Try getting that on most of the tablets out there.The keyboard dock is nice.  It locks the screen in place, so don't try to adjust it, you only have one angle at which it sits.  The keys are nicely spaced, so my hands don't feel cramped at all and typing is a breeze.The dual core processor with built in graphics GPU is wonderful.  After you eliminate the Acer bloatware and get a decent browser (FF or Chrome) this thing screams with 2gb of RAM.  Sure, it's not a high end gaming rig, but that's not why I bought it.  I have my gaming machine.  This is for entertainment purposes and doing a little bit of work on the go.  I played some Steam games just fine.  Sure I had to drop the video settings, but if you want to play games at the highest resolutions then you need to buy a proper gaming machine.The battery is only good for about 5 hours.  Sure, some people will complain about that, but personally that won't be a problem.I ordered this from Amazon on a Friday around 4pm and it was sitting on my doorstep Monday mid-morning.  Holy Cow! That was fast shipping.  Thanks Amazon!Summary:It's $50 more than the cheapest iPad, $250 less than the Xoom, $500~$600 less than the average Win 7 tablet, and ~$100 more than your average Android based tablet.  This is the best deal out there, hands down, no argument. And it comes with a keyboard!A full OS, nothing beats it.  If anyone tries to pump up the iPad or Android tablets saying they are "better", don't listen to them.  Like I said, I'm a fan of Apple and Android, but don't kid yourself about the capabilities of them. Let me put it this way.  The iPad needs to be synced with iTunes before it can even run for the first time.  iTunes can only run on a full OS. This tablet can be used to get an iPad running.  The iPad can't help this tablet in any way.A great deal, lots of fun to use, and it does everything I need and more.