Amazon's Kindle Fire has a price that is tough to beat.  The $199 price point should raise a few eyebrows and conjure up a healthy dose of skepticism.  Can there be a good tablet device for only 200 bucks?  It turns out, there can be, but this tablet is not for everyone.  The Kindle Fire is a very specialized device -- it handles a few things exceptionally well, but it has a set of drawbacks.  The most apt comparison that commentators draw are against Apple's iPad; it's considerably more expensive, but do you need all of its features?  Conversely, would you want to spend 200 bucks on a device when you would eventually rather have the more expensive ($500+ one)?Enjoy reading?  The iPad and the Kindle do these both exceptionally well.  The Kindle Fire has the slight advantage here though.  Amazon's Lending Library Program treats Amazon Prime members to a free eBook each month (and there's a pretty hefty selection to choose from).  If you are a Prime member, you will NOT be able to take advantage of the Lending Library on your iPad; you must have a Kindle device.  The integration is also exceptionally executed on the Kindle.  Apple's marketplace for books isn't nearly as accessible or competitively priced.  It may be important to note that the iPad has a Kindle reading application -- you can read your entire Amazon library on it (complete with synchronization and note-taking options).Live with Wi-Fi Availability?  In my opinion, the biggest drawback of the Kindle is its reliance on wireless internet.  Many of its features involve streaming services.  This option to stream content makes the device much cheaper, but it comes at a price.  The Kindle does not handle hosting content well, so it uses Amazon's Cloud service for most of its media.  If you live in an area without internet, these features will largely be unavailable for you.  The iPad, while also relying heavily on the internet, is able to play movies, music, and content much more efficiently without wireless availability.Enjoy browsing the internet?  The iPad has an advantage here.  The Kindle needs to draw from an external site to do its heavy lifting.  Accordingly, browsing can be a little slow (as your browser is technically handled by a remote server instead of an internal processor.)Additionally, the display screen falls somewhere between iPad size and HTC smartphone size.  The resolution looks great, but it won't make much of a difference whether you are watching HD or SD content.  Because of this, the device feels like it is a convenient way to consume media on the go, rather than an optional medium at home.  This lends the Kindle Fire to being smaller than typical tablets.  With an iPad, you'll generally be required to carry it in a tote bag or bookbag, but the Kindle Fire is small enough to fit in your purse.In summation, the Kindle Fire is a great device with limited audience:For media consumers on the go who have steady access to a wireless internet connection.If you are looking for a tablet that you will use for work, go with the iPad.  If you are looking for a tablet that you will consume a ton of media with offline, go with the iPad.  If you are looking for a great tablet to read with (including magazines and comic books), you can't beat the Kindle Fire.  I would also recommend the Kindle Fire over any of the other devices in the Kindle family.  Unfortunately, the Kindle Fire does NOT include E-Ink support; other members of the Kindle Family include this black-and-white text, and it is easy on the eyes and does not glare in the open sun.  The Kindle Fire DOES have a bad glare outdoors or in bright lights, but this is consistent with all other tablets.  While the battery life won't last as long as the black-and-white readers, the Kindle Fire has great support for colored images in books (and PDF's!)  And man, you really can't beat the price.