I searched for about 3 months for a tablet and picked the Thrive because of the full size ports.  I haven't owned or used other tablets so the weight of about 26 ounces is not a big deal.Day 1 - Received Thrive -- I am tech oriented and like the Android system (Own Droid X).  Thrive was packaged very securely with a quick Start guide that I didn't have to use.  I plugged the Thrive, turned it on, and made a few basic settings to get started.  The home screen and apps took about 5 minutes to figure out.  The system keeps track of your recently used Apps and returning to a web page or app almost instantly is a great function.  The Thrive recognized my home WIFI and connected without problems.  I registered the Thrive with Toshiba and signed up for update notifications and received Google Maps and Thrive system update.  I hooked up my logitech wireless mouse and instantly worked - no menu choices or setup required.  Decided to try the video HDMI connection and actually used Amazon Prime Free Video.  I connected the HDMI port to my 52" Sony TV and the screen of the Thrive immediately was displayed on the TV - no setup, menus, or configuration of any kind.  I went to Amazon and pulled up the Yellowstone Park Video.  The video screen said "not optimized for mobile" but when I clicked on the "popout" (not really sure what that means) option on Amazon Video Player my TV screen was filled with the video.  I had a bar across the top with Amazon stuff because I was playing video from the Amazon Internet page.  The picture was great!!  Because I was displaying the movie from Amazon's Internet player I had to click on the display options for about a minute to get the best picture (popout option).  I controlled the video from across the room with the wireless mouse and even used the mouse to fill in the search box by clicking on the keyboard letters to find additional movies.  The video was a little choppy (not enough to interfere with enjoyment)...probably because my wireless router is G and not N (much faster).  I then played a Family Guy episode from a previous purchase on Amazon and it worked without ANY problems.....absolutely cool on how easy this thing is to use.  Hell, even the keyboard on the display is very nice size for my fat fingers.  Total use of the Thrive on day 1 was about 4 hours.Pros:  Unbelievable easy to use - I am sure having Android phone helped becuase of Settings.  Internet access, ability to jump back to previous web pages and apps almost instantly (two taps) is great.  Battery after 4 hours of playing around was still at 58%.Cons:  Keyboard sometimes had a delay when typing - I am not a typist - bothersome keying in search phrases.I gave the review 4 stars instead of 5 because of only 4 hours usage.I will add additional reviews later today after I add other email accounts and look at Excel, Word, PDF, and Power Point documents on it.  I am getting a wireless N router for my home today and will also be using my Sony Cyber Shot memory card.