I have purchased this product early November for my daughter for Christmas. When I first received the product I couldn't turn it on so I thought it was because it was in the box for the shipping period that it needs to be charged up. After two days of charging it finally came on. So I wrapped it up and and put it away for Christmas. During early morning of Christmas I tried to set up the tablet with wifi and personal settings and again it won't turned on. So I charged it back up for 4hrs and it finally came back on. I input wifi info and personal settings and gave it a rest. Few hours later I went back to play with the tablet and it's giving me an error of no internet connection. Went back in to settings and input my wifi info for the second time. I turned the tablet off and turned it back on and it won't turn on. I left it alone to get it charged and came back and couple hours later and tried to turn it on and this time it came on. I e-mailed the seller the next day letting him know that I need to return the product for no longer needed/wanted because my daughter got a mini ipad from her uncle for christmas and no longer need/want this product. Seller returned e-mail stating that returns is outside of the 30 days window and Amazon holiday return policy don't cover the product because amazon didn't ship it and he gave me two options: 1) Keep the item 2) Return the item at my own expense for 50% refund (unreasonable offer). So I thought what the heck we'll just keep it. I tried to go on the internet and again and error message appears with no internet connection. I then input my wifi info in again and this time it didn't take it. I waited a couple hours try again but still no internet but our ipad and netflix was on running off of the same wifi. Contacted the seller again but this time I told him about the product being defective/damaged. He reply back stating that his first offer still stands and the product worked fine prior to shipping and the problems I'm having with the product is how the product works. He aslo suggested that I should contact HP for help and infomation about the product. After contacting HP, they told me that the product shouldn't be acting the way it is and I should only input my wifi info once and the product should automatic store for future usage. Contacted the seller again and told him about the product and what HP told me and asked if I can return the product for 85%-80% refund. Seller closed my return request with the reason, Expiration of returns period. Now I am stuck with a product that is not function right and have no use for it. Will not recommed this to anyone and I hope no one gets treated like I did. Understandable I'm out side of the return window but it was for a Christmas present not only that but the product was damaged when received. Learned my lesson to always check and make sure it works the way it suppose to. I guess money is everything to some people.