After seen and using iPAds, iPad2s, Iconias, Asus, Galaxy Tab, this Viewpad 7e from Viewsonic Viewsonic V7E_1WNA1US7_01 ViewPad 7e 7-Inch Android 2.3 Gingerbread Tablet - White is the nicest fashion statement for less than $180 you can make during these holidays!I have used tablets and convertible tablets, for entertainment, reading ebooks and for teaching math and physics classes, and this is the nicest, coziest 7in tablet me and my family have ever had so far.Some claims it freezes. Mine, not whatsoever. Perhaps kids had to be careful not to push the tiny on/off button at the top right.Some also may complain it does not come with Android Market or is rooted. Need to know that Android Market is not really free, when you pay for a nifty expensive tablet that does the same things as this one, there, you are paying for AM. Nothing is free, unless you are willing to risk rooting it and installing a generic rom to have partial access to AM. But then you got something else: a generic tablet.The fact that has a fast-response resistive screen makes it ideal for teaching and for school. Kids need to learn to write, and the appropiate apps, this Viewpad 7e can change the classroom. School districts will see the immense savings on their budgets.Pros:- sleek white frame (could come in other fashion colors)- white/black/white packing,- nice front buttons instead of on-screen,- nice 3d Viewscene home screen- good size for internal memory- fast enough for the price- allows to install reliable non-Android Market apps- connector for HDMI and USB on top- front and back cameras, both videocapturing- quick no-false response for a resistive screen- works with $1 stylus/pen (eg Uniball Signo MC3, BIC e3)- does turn off accidentally (asks to be turned off politely)- decent price (if kept under $199)Cons:- not a full Android 2.3 (Gingerbread) implementation- should have included a plastic stylus- not Android Market (if really want it buy a expensive tablet)- may not fit well in small hands like kids'- plastic case casting surface not uniform (it may have been done too fast to launch it)- should have included one complimentary screen protector- not easy user replaceable battery- front camera a bit grainy with low lightA definite buy for a first family tablet. Not to be compared with flagship tablets. Tablets should now be classified according to levels; it is not fair to compare this one to iPads or other $500-800 tablets. It is a star in its own level.As a scale for comparison, a generic $70-90 tablet will be like having a Chery QQ or Tata Nano minicar, an iPad2 or or iPad3 with 4G access will be like a Range Rover Evoque, this Viewpad 7e is like a well built Toyota Corolla. If you want something like the new shrink-size Infiniti in tablets, then get a Samsung Galaxy Note.Well done for a budget tablet. We'll see how it lasts and endures. My review of its application for educational environments will be soon posted on my blog, [...]