I have the Archos 7 Home tablet. It is a great price. You can buy the external keyboard at the web site.  I can only give it two stars. I bought the Archos 7 Home tablet to play You Tube videos to use at the gym for when I perform my cardio work outs. I figure that all tablets had an available flash player.  Much to my chagrin, the Archos 7 Home tablet does not play You Tube videos. The Archos 7 Home tablet does not have a support for the Flash Player. This means that CNN, and Amazon vides or any videos from the Web will not play on the tabletl.  The app that is available for the Archos 7 Home tablet, just for You Tube videos, is grainy and has a very small viewing window. I deleted the app. The WI FI app that is available does pick up on the wireless networks at Union Station Washington DC, but does pick up on the wireless networks in the library. I have down loaded two of the Wi Fi and both failed. I deleted both of them.  The touch screen is tricky at best and the Archos 7 Home tablet has shut down on me numerous times and had to be recalibrated.  In order to play the You Tube videos, I have to down load the videos and save them, convert them to a .mp4 format and then load them in to the tablet! I had to convert over 13 GB of videos. That meant I had to install convertor software to accomplish this. This was more steps and additional software on my PC. This is NOT why I bought a tablet! Please, do your home work! If you want a tablet that plays videos and connects to available WiFi networks this is not the tablet for you. I have to admit that the video play back is excellent.  The eReader is a tad off. I was reading the `Invisible Man' and moved to the next screen. I realized that the sentences did not match. I had to turn the Archos 7 Home tablet vertical and could see that five sentences were skipped when it was horizontal positon. So, I moved to the next page while the Archos 7 Home tablet was in the horizontal position and I realized that a hyphenated word was skipped. So then, I had to turn the Archos 7 Home tablet to a vertical position. I had t keep turning the Archos 7 Home tablet vertical and horizontal until I finished my first H.G. Wells novel and I have not used the eReader again.  The Archos 7 Home tablet manual reads that it has 7 hours video play and that is not true. The video play back is just over three hours before the warning to recharge the battery. I have two and half hour one-way daily commute and I have to charge the battery when I get to work and when I get home. What is scary is how HOT the battery gets when charging and while the videos play.The plastic kickstand only works in the horizontal position. It looks and feels breakable. I do not use it.If you are a gadget-freak this is not he tablet for you.  I am now shopping for a tablet with the features I need. Hopefully, I will find one in the $400 range. I just cannot recommend Archos products. There are better manufactures out there with better products