Ma Hon got this for me as an early birthday gift, or maybe it was just a "Welcome Home" gift, kind of hard to distinguish now a days.It being the 3rd Touch Apple Product that I am carrying, the IPhone 3GS and IPhone 4s (an other gift MA Hon Had for me when I got back this time).In capacity, it may not be the top Model, but it serves my purpose greatly. As for connectivity, it is only WiFi, so it can have its limitations as far as access to online informations are concerned, but with the IPhones handy, it is kind of OK.What makes it different from the Iphones and the ITouch is primarily the display size, which on many occasions are far more feasible than the smaller units. There is just so many things that are much better on a bigger screen than it be on the smaller units, net browsing and entertainment, not to mention the Medical Programs that are available in the iTunes store. And that is an other plus for the unit, all being the same brand, they are all synchronized and maintained through a single account, which makes the control of context so much easier compared to having different brands units, organized with different environments and operating systems.As for the connectivity issue, it being only WiFi, I have a HUB that allows me to connect 5 wifi units on one 3G network, and thou I must admit I have not used it that often yet, but it has it's benefits.12/26/2011: just had to add this small remark to my review. I have been in Dubai for the last 3 days, and with my this iPad, I have been able to keep in constant contact with my Hon, via SMS text and voice/video (via FaceTime) ... That being despite it is only a WiFi unit. I have to say, that is rather marvellous ....For the unit, for maintain, a Screen protector is highly recommended. Given the fact that it is a touch screen, even if the protector gets scratched up, you can just replace that instead of having to replace the screen itself. Also, a hard case is recommended, in my case, MA Hon got me a book case, which fold and serves as a stand as well. As for a stylus, a Soft Rubber unit is the best, I have a belkin, but I am sure you be able to find some less expensive ones that serves the purpose just as well.I have had the unit for 10 days now, and have yet to explore MANY options available, but given the fact that I have been using the Apple's units for years now, it is all coming easy. But I can highly recommend it. Surely the Apple products are a bit pricy compared to some of the competing units, but for my needs, the compatibility and access that it offers with the other units that I possess, it is worth the couple of extra bucks. Not to mention the fact that the Apple units are some of the most beautiful and state of the art units that are available on the market, and the drawback of shortage of available softwares.... Well with the ITunes, that is a thing in the past..