The Asus Transformer Prime is a very good tablet, it has all of the functionality of a regular tablet, plus some (if you get the dock). It's lightning fast and plays 3d games like they're angry birds on the original iPhone.However, there if one (yes only one) downfall. (Well, maybe two, I'll get to that later. The Wifi connection on the device is a little sketchy. I currently have two "smart" devices (not including my laptop), my Asus Transformer Prime, and my Motorola Triumph.I have a Netgear Router that has an "N" connection, also compatible with "a" "g" and "b". Ok, solid. So the Prime can connect to N connections, therefore it should have lightning fast speeds... no? Well, despite the fact that there is a router probably a solid 30 feet away from me in my office while I'm in my living room, I generally only have one, maybe two bars. Ouch. Data speeds are not as lightning fast as they should be. If I decide to walk into my office though, I'll just about instantaneously get a solid 4 bars. I have yet to try out anything on Speedtest or any equivalents for that matter, but I can tell you from personal experience that there is a noticeable difference.Now, let's get back to my Motorola Triumph, the small thing only has a 1 Ghz Processor (an old one at that) and can only connect to "a" "b" and "g" networks. Despite that, it gets a solid 4 bars in the exact same place in my living room. And despite the fact that it only has a single core processor that clocks in at 1ghz (well really 1.3 now that I've rooted it, and no I have NOT rooted my Prime... there could potentially be a yet there) it has comparable speeds to my Transformer Prime at times. When we compare that to my Transformer Prime with a quad 1.6Ghz Tegra "beast" you can sort of see how come it can get a little frustrating. Now, let's be honest here, the Prime is usually loading full size sites in comparison to the bite sized mobile sites my Triumph usually loads, and it most definitely has faster speeds with all of the "important" things like Facebook, so I'll be honest here and say that speeds are if anything slightly faster, but the thing is they should be miles faster. In the words of Samsung, they should be another GALAXY faster... no?The other thing that doesn't work so perfect is the GPS, not always the best, and while I hate to bring up my Triumph again, although I can NOT tell you the exact details of how much better the GPS is, it's certainly better on the Triumph than the Prime...Let's wrap this up before I go write a book. So to finish, even after all that, I would most definitely still recommend the Transformer Prime, the specs are great, the display is beautiful, and the battery life is just incredible (no official tests, but maybe like 10-12 hrs off a charge). On top of that, it's thinner and lighter than an Ipad 2 (thereby making it thinner and lighter than an Ipad 3 as well) and has by far the most responsive touchscreen I've ever used. While most people are probably going to shy away from this product, because the 300 series is coming out for a slightly more affordable price, and Asus is eventually going to be releasing a 7 inch tablet with the same processor specs as this for $250 (rumor), I'd still highly recommend it. As this review mostly seems to focus on the negative, I'd suggest that you check out all of the amazing things that are on the Asus website, because just about every last one of them are true, as long as you can keep in mind that you just might have spotty wifi and bad GPS (although I don't really see the point of GPS on a tablet).