This review is coming from a first time user. I have never had an e-reader, never a tablet of any kind, and I have never even used my cell phone for texting or email.I was pretty much an idiot when it came to this sort of product, so I spent a few weeks researching. In the beginning of my research, I even had to look up what 3G meant! I looked at the Nook, the Samsung Galaxy, and even considered an Ipad. I was torn because I mainly wanted the convenience of having tons of books in a small device, yet I have a small business and also need to be able to check email when I travel (which is seldom).I chose the Kindle Fire over the Nook, mainly because I am already an Amazon Prime member and I like shopping Amazon. I chose the Fire over the other Kindles for the email feature, the color graphics, and all the other extras that I may or may not use. (Even though reviews on techno sites recommend other products w/the E-ink screen for those whose main purpose is reading.) I chose the Kindle Fire over the Galaxy Tab because of price point. And although I knew the Fire wouldn't have all the features of the Ipad, I chose the Kindle because I didn't want to pay for an Ipad, especially when I don't really need one.So I just received the Kindle Fire a few hours ago. With the device came a charging cord, and a small instruction card showing how to charge and turn on the device. The actual manual is on the Kindle. Knowing I was going to order a Kindle, I had already purchased several Kindle books that were stored on the Cloud server. When I turned on the Kindle, my wi-fi connection was listed, so I clicked to connect it. Then it confirmed my name (without me entering it), and registered the product for me. Then when I clicked on the book tab, all my Kindle books that I had ordered were already there! Yes I expected them to be, but I still thought it was pretty cool.I used it while it was charging because I couldn't make myself wait. (It seemed to be done charging after about an hour.) I just played around with it and easily found how to set the type size larger, and the color to sepia which is a little easier on my eyes. And by adjusting the brightness the screen looks just like a book page to me, despite the comparisons saying that the lighted screen is harder on the eyes. I don't have the E-ink to compare this to, but I can say that I am very pleasantly surprised at the readability of the screen. It is WAY better than my laptop screen.I have already set my email up and it works like a charm. The on screen keyboard is surprisingly doable. I don't have the standard gmail, yahoo, etc email. I use one from my ISP in my little town, and it works just fine on the Kindle. My biggest surprise was how easy it is to browse the internet. You can google anything, I didn't realize how simple that would be. Some sites can be hard to read, but that's ok, I don't plan to use this for a computer. I was very happy with the Weather.com app though. Very readable and easier to use than the regular site on my laptop, because it's minus all the crap. On the Kindle, you just punch in any location, and you get quick, clear info that you can customize.I don't think I'll watch movies much on this, (why would I, when I have a great big Samsung tv?). But it's a nice feature that I may find useful on long trips.All in all this magical little rectangle is great. There are apps that were not really selling points for me, but after browsing them I can see possibilities!I only have one negative so far. When I am reading a book page, I find it difficult to get the little 'home' icon to pop up so I can get out. I have figured out what I am Supposed to do, it just doesn't seem to work very well. Maybe there are other ways to get off of a book page and back to the menu, but for now I am blaming my own lack of 'finger-finesse', and hope that I will get better at this soon. All in all I am very happy with this and look forward to spending a lot of time using it.12/9/11 Addition: One day later and as expected, the last paragraph above shows my lack of finesse, rather than anything wrong with the touch screen. I am already getting a lot better at making the Home icon to appear.