I've owned the Asus Slate for just shy of 3 months now. Was a lucky one who had it bought + Shipped by Amazon.com the reason for choosing this TABLET -> Although it is much more like a laptop was for its ability to recognize handwritten text and transfer it into typed text, if that what you want.There are alot of long reviews on this computer so I'll Keep mine short and to the point.---- Reasons to buy this: 1. You prefer handwriting your notes, or need maximum portability. 2. you want a fully functional computer, not a toy like the Ipad. 3. the large size overweighs the computers heaviness. (you get used to it), and for a computer its super light  weight. 4. while ultra-portable you don't need a super long battery life. (I've stretched it to get 5 hours if need be.) 5. Ability to do and access computing on the fly (instantaneously)---- Reasons not to buy this: 1. You want an ipad. not a real computer 2. You think you need an ipad. 3. you get furious when people ask you if that is/do you like your ipad (when looking at your Asus Slate).---- Things to know before you buy: 1. the screen is like a regular laptop and has alot of glare, I reduced it by buying a glare screen. like a screen protector. I used this one:  [[ASIN:B004W486DI SGP Asus Eee Slate EP121 Screen Protector Steinheil Series [AG] NB055] while it works there is still some glare. 2. On maximum brightness you can still use the laptop in full sun. At least I can here in Florida. I can see the screen easily 3. The day will come when you realize how much you wish this thing came with a mouse: Buy a bluetooth one so you don't need to use an adapter. I bought this one [[ASIN:B000HDMPTO Microsoft Wireless Notebook Presenter Mouse 8000]] B/C it doubles as a remote for when I'm watching a movie via an HDMI cable 4. to get the Most out of the slate's capability you should use Microsoft One note The biggest attraction of this computer to me is it literally is touch screen and you can write on + into it 5. if you use the slate as much as I do for portable writing buy an extra stlyus, and keep the original one in the built in container. Sooner or later you will lose or forget it and if you don't have a backup your SOL I Bought this oneDigital Stylus Tablet Pc Pen (rohs) M200 M400 M4 R106. windows 7 touch version is fantastically well set up and simple to use------ Extras: 1. Good battery life considering its a 4 cell. 2. decent wifi connection, but if you are using any router post 2008 update the chip to this one, its so worth itIntel 62230an.hmwwb Centrino Advanced-n 6230 Wifi Half Mini 3. Small Hard drive, use on SD card or buy a bigger drive the hard drive has to be an 50mm or smaller half PCI-E SSD. here is an example:120GB Renice X3 50mm mSATA (Mini SATA PCI-e) SSD Solid State Diskyou can find it cheaper on other sites. I'm rocking 1285b sad that I got for $159 on sale.Everything you need to know about the slate. just remember its a laptop not an ipad tablet.