I have been using this tablet for a month, my first Android device.  I also have owned iPad 1 for a year, my first tablet.  I do email, news, web browsing, light gaming, and watching videos, in locations not convenient for PC or netbook use (bed and couch loafing, waiting at a buisness, travelling, etc.).  I bought the 7.0 Plus for something more portable.  I really wanted the 7.7, but at the time its availability was not a certainty. The 7.0 Plus is a nice portable device, mostly a joy to use. Here are some specifics:1) Physical appearance and hardware.  Very solid build, not too slippery, easy to hold for long periods.  It is easy to push the on/off button by mistake due to its location.  When held in landscape, speakers are both on the same side, but they are excellent in volume and clarity for such a small device.  One big complaint is the glass - smudges and fingerprints are more difficult to remove than with the oleophobic coating on the glass of my other tablet.  Another big complaint is the microSD card - I have not found any way to access stored files from within the apps.  You have to go into the preloaded Myfiles app and find the memory card folder, and click on a file to view or play it.  I also can't transfer files stored on the microSD card to other locations on the tablet - once the files are transferred to the card from a PC via Samsung Kies (their equivalent to iTunes), they appear to be read-only.  I can live with this for now.2). Screen. Resolution is good, very clear with true colors, better than specs would indicate. It's best to have brightness on manual, otherwise auto changes in brightness are annoying, and even in manual mode, the screen brightens when on web pages.  Screen brightness set at 25-30% is plenty for most uses.  Sometimes the touchscreen doesn't respond and you have to tap harder or more than once (all touchscreens are like this to some degree). Unlike others, I didn't find viewing angles were a problem.3). Layout. The TouchWiz system with widgets took getting used to, but it didn't annoy me once it was customized.  I wish more widgets could be changed in size (only a few of them can).  The system bar at lower right gives quick access to all of the important stuff.  Sometimes the swiping across home screen menus lagged or was jumpy, but otherwise the nested layout and embedded menus were easy to learn and get used to.  The keyboard works but if you have wide fingertips like me, you will make mistakes due to the size of the keys, especially in portrait.  I tried a stylus and it worked great on this device.4). Wifi and speed. I had no trouble, it seemed to stream HD videos in Youtube really well, and load web pages quickly, even when the signal wasn't full bars. Connectivity on-the-go was easy.  When web surfing, this device is faster than my other tablet. Light gaming I did worked well but I only tried 2 apps.5). Battery life.  It is fair, I get about 6 hours on a charge, and that's with all of the recommended battery saving features set.  Charger takes about 3-4 hours to charge from down below 10% up to 100%.6). Operating system and apps.  Android and Google still need some polishing.  Several apps, including some of the news apps, did not allow me to zoom while on the home screen, and thus the print of the article titles was really small.  As noted by others, Android should improve file management, and my above comments about the microSD card is proof of that. The users guide for this device is better than some, but certain tasks were not intuitive and needed greater detail. I had similar problems with other Android Market apps, even a few that were supposedly optimized for tablets. I also had difficulty linking my google account with Youtube, and thus the Youtube app would not let me save favorites.  You have to create a google (Gmail) account to set up and register the tablet, but I could not find any place on the tablet to log out afterwards. After a week of reading forums, I found out you have to go into the Google site on a PC and log out from there - very silly (not the fault of the device)!  Because a Gmail account is open all of the time with no way to log out within Android, I was insecure about using it for anything other than getting Market apps.  As a result, I have decided not to use Gmail for any email-related stuff, and I set up a widget on the home screen to access my currently active email account with a different address.  These are obvious examples of Android and Google quirks that others have noted. On the upside, I did not have any problem with the system crashing ("screen of death", etc.), but I did not try any heavy gaming.  I also did not test the Peel smart remote yet.To summarize, this is a better tablet than other cheaper 7" devices I looked at - it is very fast and capable, even with its quirks.  I hope future OS updates are seamless like they are with my other tablet, which I believe to be overall better and still not out-of-date.  I wish I could get a good rubberized sleeve to protect the edges if it ever gets dropped, but currently nobody makes one for this tablet and the choice of form-fitting cases or sleeves currently available for this model is pretty slim.  For these reasons, and the fact that it is pricey next to some other 7" tablets, I give it 4 stars.