Features and price:First, I am an avid apple consumer and it would seem that an iPad would be my first choice in buying a tablet, it was not. Simply because it doesn't read flash, it's too big, and I think the price is a little ridiculous to pay for something that's a larger scale of what I already have and doesn't do everything I want it to do. However, I still wanted something aesthetically appealing, sleek, sturdy, and about $200. I looked at the kindle fire but it lacks a camera and I looked at the nexus 7 but at $200 you get 8g instead of 16g. I had seen the PB at Best Buy and a few minutes playing with it I wanted it .. After further research and reading the reviews (good/bad) I bought it for these reasons: The screen quality is awesome and makes the screen look bigger than 7inches, the fluidity of the platform is so sleek, and I really like the swipe up/swipe down feature (instead of the home button on an iPad). It has a rubberized back for a no slip grip and is light. Sound is great n doesn't sound cheap. I read the battery life was long and it definitely is!  After the first charge I didn't have to recharge for 3 days .. I suppose if you use it all day long it'll last about 9hrs.Apps:If you're an app maniac don't buy it! The PB does not play Netflix which is a bummer but I honestly watch Netflix only on a TV, it doesn't have instagram but I'm not trying to whip out a tablet to take a picture, that's what my iPhone is for, and as far as games go, everytime I've DL one on my iPhone it becomes a waste of space and I usually delete them after a few days . As a college student, Docs to go and adobe reader (comes standard) is great,  it will definitely come in handy for lecture when I have to write or retrieve PDF and word documents. It also comes with the essential FB, twitter, and YouTube apps. From what I have been reading on the net there are ways to sideload android apps,haven't tried .. Not sure if I will.Internet and wifi:The wifi connection is strong and picks up signals my laptop can't..Im sure the Bluetooth connection is just as strong just haven't tried it. The Internet browsing is crisp, clear, and fast! I REALLY needed a tablet that read flash I shop a lot online and a lot of sites use it and my online class requires it for viewing homework and since the PB reads flash it's perfect and runs smoothly with no freezing. Other reviewers say its like browsing on a desktop and they're right!Accessories:Not very many and kinda hard to find. I'm really big on housing for my devices but I ended up finding this Swedish company, Dicota , that makes covers for playbook and has a nice quality.Overall, extremely satisfied with my BBPB! Would recommend to anyone who likes products that do just what they say they do at a great price!