I'm not really that surprised the reviews that the tablet has gotten. But not all of it its bad which is why I'm taking my time and writing a review.I purchased this tablet on January 1st from gamestop and received it on the 12th. When I first got it I was impressed with how fast the tablet booted up and how fast the applications came up!. It has a very beautiful screen and the colors are amazing. The wifi I had no problems with but I didn't put much thought into it because I was only feet away from my router. I went downstairs to see if I could receive any signal and that where the disappointment came in. I could barely hold any connection and when it did it was very slow. I was extremely disappointed and even more so since I bought it from gamestop and once you open it you're stuck with it. Out of curiosity I powered down to see if that would help  since after the update to ICS I didn't do so and to my surprised it actually worked! I was able to get wifi signal in the first floor (router is in the second) and it managed to stay connected where before it would disconnect me. I even tried it from my car and it still received wifi signal. Right now I'm at the laundry mat which has a wifi hotspots and Im connected with any problem. I do notice the bars going up and down but that hasn't affected my connection speed.I haven't tried the GPS yet but I'm not too worried about it since I didn't purchase this tablet for the GPS. The games run smoothly and like mentioned it is a very fast tablet. That's not saying it doesn't have any flaws. I have noticed that sometimes I get "browser is not responding" pop up and I'm writing this review from the tablet and when I pick a spot to either add or correct it goes to a different place in the sentence. If anyone has any tips on how to fix that please help!!I gave the tablet 3 stars because while overall I'm happy with my purchase i however do not like how ASUS is dealing with the issues people are experiencing. If we are paying $600 for a product we either expect the product to be fully functioning and/or have full support from the company. Selling a newer product mere weeks when the newer one is out while ignoring the issues the current model has and STILL selling said product is NOT the way to go about things. I hope they plan to compensate those that are having issues somehow.For those that are planning to get the prime be careful with going by every review out there. The tablet has a few bugs yes but I'm nit having the wifi issues some are having. I would recommend buying it from somewhere you can return it just in case you're unhappy. I lucked out that my tablet works pretty well.. otherwise I would have gotten stuck with something I was unhappy with thanks to gamestop return policy.