Hi guys,Figured I'd stop by since this is the hot toy for the Christmas season !I purchased the 32GB champagne color. I havent put T201 thru its paces yet butdid perform some testing.Quality =Fit and finish is 100%, Very solid feel.Size =Very thin, kinda difficult to hold in hand, I'd recommend purchasing a gel caseor something similar.Gaming =Played the pre-install games and they both ran with 0 stutters and wereextremely fluid. did i purchase a a multipurpose tablet or a gaming tablet... i think the latter :)Performance =Tablet was completely fluid when changing from one screen to the next, i especially like the multi windowtab on the bottom left, it will allow you to select anything previously opened (and will allow you to close too)Built in music player seemed basic and didnt appear to have the ability to download album art. I'll stick withamazon cloud mp3 player.Web =(subjet to further testing) web browsing seemed to be alittle slow, this was experienced with java enabled... with disabled performance was snappy and goodYouTube & amazon streaming =using the youtube app , it was a beautiful display and worked flawlessly. Amazon needs to make an app to stream their prime videos instead of going thru the web... however once a few buttons are pressed the video does fill the entire screen and works. Please note imbedded youtube in web DID NOT display any stutter or frame drops.Sound =Unfortunately this is what caused me to give 4 instead of 5 stars. The audio is quite loud and clearhowever only being emitted from a single speaker port does not provide the spartial/stereo sound. perhapsblue tooth or headset will eliminate this concern.Camera =Front facing 1.2MP camera provided acceptable image quality, however white balance should be adjusted to fully ensure quality (dont use automatic) , rear facing camera provided a good quality picture with decent focus and brightness... even in poor lighting conditions however any zoom used the image would be blurry depending upon x2 x3 etc. video mode was tested with low movement and provided a better quality then my nikon p500 (p500 seems to be abit jumpy).Battery life =Unable to report at this time since testing was limited to less then a full charge.Display =Was very colorful and bright, 600 nits of brightness will make it useable outside. normal amount of backlight bleeding (almost none but there's always some). backlight bleed test was performed and two hot spots were identified one on bottom and other on right side. As mentioned previously the amount of light imo is quite minimal and i've seen far worse on other items. one of my apps displayed a completely white page and there was two hot spots (white slightly brigter then the rest of the page) this may be a fluke or not... i was able to duplicate the brighter pixel, its barely noticeable however is visable on default screen in other colors... not a deal breaker its about the size of a pin head with a slight glow around it, clarification you wouldnt know its there unless i told you to look for it.WIFI Range =two apps were used to test the wifi range speedtest (same test server) and wifi analyzer. I've only compared the two and not a laptop.. plus my house has about 800watts of electronic interference :)12 feet away from base stationevo3d = 15.38 down 4.86 up signal str = -46 dbmprime = 20.50 down 5.00 up signal str = -43 dbmtwo walls, outside, about 85 feet awayevo3d = 02.26 down 0.89 up signal str = -88 dbmprime = 05.50 down 3.00 up signal str = -75 dbmGPS =Best reception i got was 5/9 stable 4/8.UPDATE: Reports have been surfacing GPS isnt working or isnt working properly... When I performed the test it did find 4/8 and continued to have the searching graphic. Honestly I dont know what is normal for GPS reception with this device. Will compare against phone later.Operation & bugs =With any new device there will be patches and bug fixes, I dont assume any different with the prime.while transferring pictures via usb , i was viewing the pictures and multiple times it froze and displayederror resulting in restart of picture viewer. Another item was installation of a large gamesoft game dungeonrunners 2, I had music playing in the background and every 15 seconds or so the music would stutter for a second or twoand then continue playing. I'm sure this will be addressed with ICE and the use of 4/5 cores properly.I'll update this review as time allowsIf you guys want specific info or test , please feel free to ask !01/09/12GPS has issues... perhaps big onces since Asus removed GPS from spec sheet. it appears the metal backing is a hinderance for the gps signal.Latest asus update has improved web speed w/java enabled. I prevously tested wireless and it provided a good speed outside the house. but a few rooms across in my house and the speed dropped extremely low, after update its doubled @ same location.01/19/12reduced another point due to asus removing GPS from their sales web site, Additionally Asus should offer a replacement backplate to elminate the gps and wifi issues. Please note ICS has made the web browsing experience lightning fast - im very impressed. I'm seriously concerned about the future of the prime , the handling of the signal issues , and amazon removing it from sale. I'm returning this to amazon till the smoke clears.