Disclaimer: PC Tablets, Android and Apple products are all really neat, but each has limitations. I realize this and I have tried to evaluate this unit based on the strength and weaknesses of this Win 7 Tablet, without prejudice to any particular platform.Justification for Purchase:This unit, while heavier than an apple or android counterpart, does offer a wider selection of options for modification and can do a lot due to the full Win7 operating system.I needed a tablet that could be used in my graduate program for reading PDF files, using Microsoft office or open office and for interacting with the online site Desire2Learn, to work on and turn-in assignments.I wanted to access Flash video, Netflix and Hulu Desktop (I like Hulu Plus, I just don't like being dependent on it for functionality, since several shows are not available through it vs the normal site.)I also wanted a system I could use art/media programs on, this tablet can do a fair amount of actual production work, not a powerhouse mind you, but it can run Sketchbook Pro 2011, Photoshop Elements 6.0 and even used movie maker fairly quickly for a low power system.I also like the thought of playing old PC games and even some low spec games in this.Battery life:This is not a great system for battery life.The brochure says 6 for general use / 4 for HD video... the brightness level of the LCD determines a lot of your mileage.Outdoors, I used it on a car trip, and the battery lasted only 2.5 hours, but that was with brightness turned up full blast to compensate for sunlight.Indoors, I get about 4.5 - 5 hours on slightly brighter than default. I have watched a full movie, and still worked on art work for a couple of hours. It really is good for my needs, but I definitely want to stress this is not an all day ally. If traveling I plan to use a power inverter and run it off a car battery, and when inside, I can use the ac adapter when possible.Weight:A bit heavy. I am not a weakling, but I tend to use this supported by my arm when standing, or my leg when sitting. Reading on this is nice though. I have used it to read various assignments from school and it is so much easier than trying to juggle a laptop or sit in one spot for a desktop.Physical Keyboard:It can be useful... but I haven't used it very much. The tablet is top-heavy when connected to the removable keyboard, and only balances on a very flat surface. The tablet has 2 usb ports, and 2 on the keyboard... you can only use 2 at a time however, as the usb ports on the tablet meet the keyboard when docked.Accessories:Good luck finding a folio or case that fits perfectly. I'm still looking for a good folio, but Belkin makes a sleeve [...] that works fairly well. It is a tight fit for the tablet sans keyboard, but the best option I've found so far. The unit can use capacitive stylus pens (like the kinds used on the ipad/ipad2 and android tablets) I bought the one offered by TARGUS [...] and it works perfectly.Strengths:This is a great system for me in regard to functionality. I don't use this as a primary computer, I use it as a nice travel system. Anything I've thrown at it works great. However I'm not using this for new PC games, so I'll have to see what limits exist. I like the built in HDMI port, as it does a great job exporting the computer desktop to my 52 and 42 inch LCD TV sets. I also like the ability to connect to my home network drives and printer and access any files I need. I even installed one of my programs by inserting the DVD Disc into the DVD-Rom of my main Desktop and accessing the drive via wifi. Set-up worked great!FINAL THOUGHTS:I would recommend this unit, I just hope as a potential buyer, you will understand your needs and make a decision based on those needs. If you can stand the drawbacks and utilize the benefits mentioned in this review I wish you a happy purchase! If I can offer any additional advice or answer questions for you I will try. Thanks.UPDATE! 2 Things I wanted to let people know. Fresh from the factory there is a hardware error in the Touch display. The mouse will automatically move to the bottom right corner near the DC-Power In. This is VERY annoying! However ACER has released a firmware update that fixes the error. Just go to the driver section for the W500 on ACER and look under BIOS. Problem Solved.I also recently purchased a 128GB SDXC Card from Lexar. The W500 will read it just fine. The tablet only detects 122GB... but that's normal for hard drives and removable media to boast higher capacity than is accessible. If you create a virtual hard drive on the SD card you can run programs off of the card just like a real hard drive. This made my purchase completely worth it!