I got a chance to hold and play with the iPad that one of my student brought to me. I am not an apple fanboy, I just evaluate gadgets and buy what works for me. My first impression when it was announced is that it would be nothing but an iPod touch on steroids. After evaluating the iPad and playing with it for an hour, I still have that impression. The iPad has an upgraded processor and memory. It is faster, it has a good battery life. For the one hour I used it, I only lost about 5% of battery. It does not feel awfully big or heavy, but it is not something you carry in your pockets.At $499 for the 16GB/Wifi, there is a great potential offered by the bigger display of the iPad when compared to Touch screen netbook. Please note that 16GB on this iPad are solid state with no moving parts.The only reason why I would buy or recommend such a product is to use it to take notes during classes for students. If you can get a stylus and proper software to take notes, the iPad would really shine at a great value. I would recommend the cheapest iPad if you are on a budget.The screen is clear, and feels nice to browse the web. I reviewed the 64GB/Wifi model and I picked up a decent wireless signal while I was in the university's lab, which was placed in a basement. I heard complaint about signal quality.The virtual keyboard passes with A+. I tried to use it like a normal keyboard and I typed a couple of random sentences with no errors. It sure won't feel like a normal physical keyboard, but I think it is possible to hook wireless keyboard to it (which beats the purpose of getting the iPad)PROS* Virtual keyboard is very usable with minimal mistakes.* There is a great potential of the bigger screen. The possibilities are endless: Drawing, sketching, note taking. I actually I got to impress my student with a quick anime-style drawing.* It is not only a toy. You can use it for education. Children can learn in a fun way, and also adults may use it for note taking. Provided that apps would be available for those purposes.* Battery life is great. I read reviews saying that it even exceeded Apple's expectation.* More apps and things to do than Amazon's kindleCONS* The lack of a camera on the front really cripple the potential of the iPad (and the iPhone, iPod touch as well). You can not make video chat session using an iPad (nor iPhone or iPod Touch). Imagine if you can make Skype calls using the iPad!* Connectivity with other devices requires iPad dock.* I only use this for an hour, but I believe using it for too long will strain one's hand. One could consider using it on a table instead of holding it with one hand.FINAL THOUGHTSI advise people to only buy this if they think they will make a good use of it. Please keep in mind that you are buying a tablet computer. I wouldn't buy it in a heartbeat. I would still keep evaluating its uses that best serve me.