I currently own a Lenovo s12, (for backup; my trusty ole Dell 1405 laptop). When the S12 began to show signs of wear (I constantly use it, so that is normal) I began on my replacement journey.  When looking at replacing the netbook and passing the S12 on to the kids (which still works great), I knew I wanted another netbook, but I wanted the flexibility of a tablet or a computer with a touch screen.Honestly, having a reputable, affordable touchscreen were my only real requirements for the replacement.  I looked at various models; HP 5102 and HP 5103 and the Asus EEE PC T101. I also looked at larger 12" and 11" models, but did compromise on the 12" screen which i have with the Lenovo s12 with the S10 3t.I went back an forth from reading reviews here, on pcmagazine.com, computershopping.com, watching youtube video's etc,. but I kept coming back to the Lenovo.  Although I was not pleased with Lenovo's customer service, I did like the features and reviews of this tablet convertible. This time I decided to purchase a warranty with Square Trade, as I read their reviews and I have a friend who recently used her policy and they granted her a refund when her insured netbook failed.I recently purchased my model here on Amazon from a seller in the market.  I paid $310 + $15 expedited shipping for it she had only used it for 6 months and it is still under warranty (for what that's probably worth) It came with Windows Premium and it was upgraded to 2 gb even though it was erroneously listed as only having the 8 cell battery (which it did not) lol, but getting the other unmentioned upgrades softened the disappointment...a lot.My reservations stemmed from reading on a Lenovo forum that there was a problem with screens cracking, and the company pretty much would not replace the screens without expense of about $250, but I found this was true on most of the tablets, so you have to be careful.  And since I tend not to be that careful, I was seriously looking at the HP touch screen stationary models because of this concern. (FYI; You can also get a drop and spill provision with Square trade insurance)I did not give it 5 stars because I really felt that Lenovo should have sold the unit with Windows Premium.  I have become more comfortable with the learning curve as I have taken advantage of jessebanderson.com Lenovo s10 3t website with all of his awesome videos, articles and tips.  Hubpages.com is also a good place for S10 information.This model is one of those computers that need to be personalized and tweaked to run optimized.  When I got the unit I deleted Veriface, Veritouch, McAfee and some other extranious programs that I did not want to use or to inhibit the quick login or space. (I downloaded recommended lite weight Panda Cloud, a free antivirus program) although I can use Norton free with my comcast account.Pro's:1. I totally LOVE the flexibility of this computer!  I can use it in tradition netbook mode, flip it down to tablet or have tablet flipped and half open with keyboard facing outward.2. Feature rich, I have not begun to totally tap into the options and abilities of this computer.3.  Keyboard(s) I like the standard keyboard that comes with it and the chicklet type design.  The onboard keyboard is nice and comes in regular as well as reduced size for easy entry when in tablet mode.4.  Computer standby and hibernation mode and it works! I hope it continues to work as I seldom turn off my cpu, I love how I hit the power button and it returns me to my screen and saves battery life.5.  Affordability!  There are several models on the market, but thanks to Amazon market and Ebay, you can snag a good model reasonably priced.6. iPad = haha.  I know someone who has an iPad and it has a great screen, resolution and very portable, but that's about it to me.  No usb ports, no card reader and this is important to me since I'm a photography enthusist.  I wanted something that was not limiting as the ipad is.7. The build of the computer is really nice and solid feeling to me.  It has this iconic graphics inset at the base of the keypad which is translucent.Cons:1. When ppl said the speakers suck, believe them.  I thought since I have another Lenovo, how much quieter can it be. Well it is low on sound, but that's not why I bought it, plus I have an external usb bar speaker for a louder room.2. Touchpad.  Personally, i do not like the textured keypad.  I spend so much time on the computer, i find it too rough to my sensitive fingers and I prefer the smooth glass type style keypad.3. The unit really should have come with standard 2 gb, and especially an upgraded OS, since you cannot utilize the touchscreen without the upgrade.4. My Customer service experience was a joke.  The last couple of times I called Lenovo customer service with my s10, it was a TOTAL WASTE of time.  I honestly felt that their job was to do nothing and have me wait out my warranty.5.  Although the Amazon listing says it comes with 250 gb internal memory, it is partially partitioned to backup to the D drive, so it is not all 250 on the C drive, which I was expecting. Mines has 187 gb on the C drive and the remainder on the D drive for the backup. Although i guess its nice to have a backup, still a lil sneaky marketing Lenovo. hahaFeel free to comment or make any corrections to my information. These are my observations and opinions. - Mimi