The Touchpad was Hewlett Packards attempt at breaking into the tablet market,  and it bombed terribly.  It's sales were so poor that HP was forced to have a fire sale to clear out the tons of unsold inventory that retailers such as  Best Buy had sitting in their store rooms.  But aside from Apple basically owning the tablet market with an overwhelming market share,  there were other reasons for this tablets demise.It isn't the most attractive of tablets,  with a thick plastic back shell that's not very durable,  as I sadly found out after dropping the tablet off my bed and seeing the  bezel crack  when it (lightly) hit my wall.  Its a shiny black plastic also;  a fingerprint and smudge magnet.  Don't be surprised if you have to clean it several times a day.Weight wise,  it's no feather,  tipping the scales at 1.6 pounds,  a third heavier than the iPad 2.  Definitely not something you'll be holding in one hand very long.The screen resolution is 1024x768,  which is the same as the iPad 2,  but the contrast is considerably weaker,  and the maximum brightness level on this tablet flat out sucks.  Even viewing this screen in pitch darkness,  you'll wish it were much brighter.The Touchpad boasts a 1.2 GHz Qualcomm dual core Snapdragon processor with 1 GB of RAM,  double the iPad 2's Ram,  but performance is still far worse than Apples offering.  The tablet uses Web OS,  an operating system found on the now defunct Palm Pre phones.  It uses a card system for opening multiple apps or additional web pages that arranges the apps or pages in "stacks".  It's  easy to use for tablet newbies,  but the card system can get cluttered quick.  Even just general web surfing caused  the tablet to lock up on me often,  several times a day in fact.  It occurred most of the time when new apps or web pages were opened.  Sometimes,  it was only 3 or four open apps or open web pages causing the tablet to crash.  Disappointing for a dual core device.Yes,  Web OS supports Flash,  but viewing any Flash based content on this tablet is such a painful experience, you'll wish it didn't.  It's incredibly laggy.  Even when viewing Flash vids  in lower resolution with a rock solid Wi-Fi connection,  video would often skip and hang up.  And you can forget anything in HD.  Oh,  and it also causes the Touchpad to crash...a lot.Are you an app junkie?  Have you had the pleasure of viewing  the many offerings on Apples App Store or Google Play?  If so,  don't even bother picking this thing up.  The Touchpad's app selection is atrocious.  They couldn't even make a good Facebook app for it.  It's clunky,  slow and freezes often.  If you like to play games on your tablet,  you're pretty much out of luck,  save for a few such as Angry Birds,  but that games on every tablet and phone available.It does have a 1.3 megapixel front facing camera for making Skype calls.  It works -- that's about all I can say about it.  Battery life on the tablet is decent,  and with the screen brightness at max,  expect to get around 6 hours or so general web browsing.  Viewing video shortens it considerably.The Touchpad was an unmitigated disaster.  I'm convinced the 4 star average rating for this flop were people who wanted to justify their $100-150 purchase,  trying to convince themselves that this tablet was good value,  considering its original Apple-like price.  I got suckered,  just like the rest.  But now looking back,  I can say that this tablet wasn't even worth it's fire sale price.