I have read some of the negative reviews and it just baffles me how ignorant people can be. The Fire doesn't have this or that, or do this or that like this tablet does or that tablet. Folks, it is a Kindle! And what is a Kindle? A Kindle is an e-reader. If you want a friggin' camera and you want thousands and thousands of apps that you'll use once and then never touch again, then go buy yourself a tablet for $500 or more. You're going to pay extra for all the other things and the question is, "Will you really use the other stuff?" Seriously, think about all the bells and whistles you pay extra money to have and then think about how much of it you really use. Not piddled around with once or twice, but actually really use. The Fire is a fantastic e-reader and the fact that it's color, supports apps, video, music, and the Internet is all bonus! It isn't trying to be an iPad and it doesn't need to be. It's just a more advanced e-reader. That's it. Give it a rest.The Kindle Fire is a great device. I absolutely love it.  I bought it at launch and have waited for almost a year to review it because I wanted to give a fair review. I hate it when a person reviews an electronic the same day they get it. Of course it's going to be good the first day you have it. You're excited. It's new. But will you still love it six months from now? I've had mine since it first came out and I use it everyday. I use it to read, use apps, and view the Internet, and my kids use it to play games. It gets plenty of use and the battery life is great, The Kindle has never lagged while using it to watch videos. The color is great. The books download so fast. It's a great device. My daughter just purchased one because she loves mine so much.Why didn't I give it five stars? I didn't give it five stars because like any electronic device, it isn't perfect. It does not use the e-ink technology of the other Kindles so you do get glare when reading...but you can read at night because the screen is lit. So, it's a trade off. Also, there are two ways to turn the page. One way is to simply drag your finger from left to right or vice-versa to turn the page. This method works well. The other way is to tap the far left or right side of the screen and sometimes that doesn't work. Other times while holding the device my thumb will touch the side and turn the page when I didn't want it to turn. Minor complaint. Another is that the speakers could be louder. That would probably be my biggest complaint. If you are going to add a feature, do it and do it right, otherwise just leave the feature off. The speakers on the Kindle Fire are not super...they aren't horrible...but not super either. Yes, as other reviewers have mentioned, having the power button on the bottom can be a pain. Sometimes when I am reading the Fire will shut off because I accidently pressed the power button with my thumb or palm. Yes, you can turn the Kindle upside down to rectify this trivial nuisance...but we shouldn't really have to do that, should we? Those are minor complaints and no device is going to be perfect.All-in-all, I have no regrets having purchased this device.