Compared to every other tablet, I would give TT 5 stars. Compared to perfection, I just give it 4.Everyone should know the unique advantages of the TT by now, so I'll just discuss some often mentioned issues:1. Bug related to the sleep mode. I bought an Archos 70-250G in January. It had the same problem and I just didn't use the sleep mode. Never missed it. Still don't use it even though Archos recently fixed the problem. I expect Toshiba will fix it soon, but I wouldn't consider it a deal breaker if they didn't. Also, some people are reporting that an app named "Wifi Timeout" solves the problem.2. Screen brightness. Some people claim a couple of other tablets are brighter. If this is a critical issue for you, go to a real store and compare them. It is brighter than my Archos, which I never used at full brightness anyway, nor do I use TT at full brightness -- that's just TOO bright for my purposes, plus it runs down the battery faster (on ANY tablet).3. Size & weight. The difference between the TT and other top tablets is fractions of an inch and a few ounces. I've walked an hour (on a track) holding the TT up reading a book, and that was in the portfolio case that some people complain adds MORE bulk and weight.4. Battery life. The Thrive is the ONLY tablet for which battery life should not be an issue because it's the only one which allows swapping batteries.One disappointment I did have with the TT is that a USB-powered portable hard drive that I got to use with it is recognized by the Thrive and I can play movies and music from it, but only one at a time because the stock media player will not display a list of media from the external drive. I've also had a problem with the media player pausing during playback from the hard drive, but I've been told by someone with the same drive that he doesn't have this problem.All that said, if I had to give up one of my tablets, I would keep the 7" Archos. My top priority was using it as a media player. For that purpose, its internal 250GB hard drive and small size make it a clear winner for my needs, not that I don't really like the Thrive. Archos is coming out with new models of their tablets (7" and 10" with internal hard drive options) in September and they should give other tablets a run for their money. The Galaxy Tab, the Iconia, and the Transformer are also excellent tablets, depending on your needs. I don't think that you could go wrong with any of these.It should be noted that a screen protector is not really needed for the Thrive, especially if you keep it in a portfolio type case. A video on thriveforumsDOTorg shows a guy running a car key back and forth over the Thrives glass screen with no damage.