If you want to know how this does as a normal ereader or as an internet device, read any of the other reviews.I bought the Micro Cruz Reader for the sole purpose of reading comics in .cbr/.cbz format so that's what this review will focus on.First of all, the basics: battery life is pretty good.  I'm getting about 6-8 hours of battery with the wifi turned on all the time.  Putting the reader to sleep doesn't seem to save as much power as it should - put it to sleep over-night and expect half of your battery to be drained.The rubberized back on the Cruz Reader really goes a long way to make it not feel cheap.The touch screen is pretty terrible but, for the price, it's hard to complain too much.  And, as I've said, I'm using this for reading comics so there's not too much precision work that I need to do.  The size of the screen is actually really good for comics.  Bigger would be better, of course, but this size is perfectly manageable.  You can read most modern comics pretty comfortably in portrait mode though I prefer landscape (I set the pages to fit-to-width automatically).  In either mode, if you come across a two-page spread, you're going to have to zoom in and scroll around.If you've been reading digital comics (cbr/cbz) for a while and want to switch to something portable on the cheap, I would recommend the Cruz Reader.Now for some advice on how to use the Cruz Reader with comics because this isn't going to read comics right out of the box.  Like most of the other reviews here, I would advise that you download the latest firmware updates and then calibrate the touchscreen.  After you do that, head to the Cruz Market and download the AndAppStore app (this will give you access to more apps than the Cruz Market by itself).  From within the AndAppStore app, download an app called ACV (or Droid Comic Viewer).  Once you have ACV installed you'll want to change the custom controls to suit your liking.  I would strongly advise turning off all controls that you don't plan on using.  I would also advise you to only assign actions to the four corners of the screen and to the volume up/down buttons.  This is because, as I've said before, the touch screen is terrible.  Trying to do anything much more complicated than tapping a certain part of the screen (like swiping or double-tapping) can get frustrating and can confuse the screen as to what you're trying to do.Also, it's important to note that ACV doesn't fully support the .cbr format.  I found this out after I bought the Cruz Reader and was really mad until I found out that the free program for Windows called ComicRack can batch-convert cbz's to cbr's.  So now I select what comics I want to put on my SD card, convert them all to .cbz files and transfer them over.  I just did a quick test to see how long it takes ComicRack to convert the files over - I selected 50 comics and converted them in a little under 30 seconds.So, while it's not perfect, for the price you're not going to find a better handheld comic-reading experience.