I have been a loyal supporter of Archos for many years.  I have purchased several products and have enjoyed all of them.  My wife suprised me with this item at Christmas and I was super excited.  All I can say is what a disappointment.You need to read all the reviews before buying.  I also suggest going into the forums (archosfans.com) and read what even the fans have to say about it.First, it's a very good looking product.  I love how it looks and feels.  The price point is great too.  If it could do everything it's supposed to do, it would be a steal. Unfortunately, it does not.1) Video - I mainly use my Archos products to watch videos.  With a family of six, including several video game players, it's hard to get any time on the TV.  So I use my portable devices to catch up on my favorite shows.  The Archos 7 could not handle most of the videos I threw at it.  THe video was choppy and dropped frames.  The audio stuttered. These were simple AVI files previous Archos players had no trouble playing.  I re-encoded one video and it did better but it took about 45 min to encode.  (One annoying thing is I haven't figured out how to delete a video directly from the device.  You have to plug it in to your PC and delete from there.  The user manual is very sketchy and of little help for any of the troubleshooting.)2) Resistive touch screen - lots of reviewers have commented on this.  Unfortunatley it's true.  It's not very good.  If you're used to an iPod you'll be very frustrated very quickly.  Just scrolling down through videos was a hassle.3) Unexpected Wake from Suspend - this is a serious flaw.  The fact that it wasn't fixed with a firmware upgrade is very disappointing.  I should be able to suspend my unit and not have it wake up every couple of hours to drain my battery.4) Android 1.5 - the unit is using an earlier version of Droid.  Most the apps you want to get won't even run on this unit.  The appslib won't even connect.  I installed a few apps by downloading them directly from the internet.  Others I tried installing wouldn't work.  One said "not enough memory to install app."  What a ridiculous error message, considering it's a brand new product and I had nothing on the unit yet.5) Surfing the internet is slow and frustrating. I'm comparing it to how quickly my iPod loads pages.  I would never use the unit for internet, which eliminates a lot of its functionality.Amazon is no longer selling this unit. That should be a HUGE clue. I expect they are getting a lot of returns.  Mine is going back for sure.  I'll wait for the Archos 8 or find some other product.  I haven't lost complete faith in the company, but this product is terrible.  I wanted to love it too.  It might be the first time I was truly surprised at Christmas.  Unfortunately, I was also truly surprised to learn how shoddy this device is, especially considering my track record with Archos.