I bought one of these tablets to experiment with it as a possible replacement for my laptop when I travel.  My first impression was favorable, but that faded when I found out that the stock ROM (the operating system) could not access Marketplace and that, therefore, many thousands of programs for android machines could not be accessed.  One easy example, is that I have a NookColor reader (which I "rooted" to add Marketplace and many other apps to it, making it a small tablet).  I wanted to add the Barnes & Noble Nook reader to my tablet, but I could not access the application (app) via Marketplace, AmazonApps, Barnes & Noble's web site (which routed the request to Marketplace) or otherwise.  Thus, the dozens of e-books I owned for my NookColor were unavailable on the tablet.I was not a happy camper.This led to a lot of research (many hours worth) on web sites frequented by program developers and other Viewsonic tablet owners, including YouTube (videos of people changing the ROM), xda-developers, pcgeeks, android central, etc.  I discovered that a lot of people have been working to improve the ROM for the tablet, but there were multiple alternative ROMs out there and the task of changing out the ROM seemed daunting and somewhat risky for someone like myself.I was frustrated after 4 days of research.  Then, I finally found a blog where a writer laid out the steps to change out the ROM.  One of the benefits was to obtain access to the full Marketplace and to improve the performance of the tablet.  The ROM-change process took about an hour, of which part was reading the instructions, downloading the programs to my laptop, then transferring them to the tablet as instructed.  I followed each step exactly as described.  When I was done, I had a tablet that not only could access the Marketplace, but from all I could tell was operating faster and more smoothly.  In the 24 hours since I made the change, my view of the Viewsonic has changed from a bit of ambivalence/disappointment to enthusiasm.  Now the device rocks.One last issue was getting a good browser (oddly, Chrome doesn't exist for these android devices and I found Firefox 4 not suited to my browsing style).  After the change, the stock Dolphin browser was gone and for some reason it could not be downloaded from Marketplace (Marketplace didn't recognize my tablet as compatible for Dolphin although Marketplace let me download a boatload of other apps).  I finally found it by searching for the apk (the software app) via Google and found a download that wasn't linked to Marketplace.  Once installed, it ran the password manager (lastpass) which I have installed on all my computers and which synchronizes passwords across all 5 of them.If you buy this device (and at less than $300 it is a steal), change the ROM.  Search the internet using Google.  The instructions I found were on Blendblog.net, poster was Sean, title was "Flashing the Viewsonic GTablet with VEGAn ROM and fixing the Market".  If you include that information, Google will take you to the instructions.The ROM change has changed this purchase from what looked like a marginally useful device to my desired travel computer.And yes, the Nook app is happily on my Viewsonic tablet along with my Barnes and Noble book collection -- including my travel guides.UPDATE: May 6, 2011Took the tab to Mexico and it worked well.Note that I added a link to the ROM change instructions in a reply to a comment.  Hope that helps.