but I grabbed this, in early 2012 for something like $350 + extras.  Now I am a little sorry I didn't wait, but perhaps this is the fate of anyone who jumps into a market that is being flooded with new releases from many manufacturers.  I won't go into a long or technical discussion of all of its features; that is already well-covered in various reviews and forums.  I did do my research before buying, and at the time this was one of the best-reviewed tablets out there.  I had my heart set on a non-propietary Android tablet that had access to the Android market.  I wanted to be able to read, watch shows, and explore the world of apps on a high quality device that would provide a minimum of 2-3 years of service.  The Samsung Galaxy tablet seems to do well in all those categories.  So I will just share a few observations about this device, some of which will hopefully be helpful.- The touch screen is very responsive, and image quality is very satisfactory.- I came fairly close to getting a Nook and rooting/unlocking it, which a friend of mine had done, but decided to put down some more money and not risk damaging the machine and voiding the warranty.- I am not happy with Samsung's support.  Shortly after getting it, I was told to update the firmware, but in order to do this, Samsung sticks you with some spyware.  Is there somebody out there selling Android devices and apps that are free of spyware?  If so, they are laying low, and I can only guess that the public has agreed to play along in order to enjoy the many benefits that Android systems offer.  The last time I decided to cave in and let them spy on me, but the update did not take.- I don't use the thing as much as I thought I would.  It is most useful to bring along when I am going out of town.  I don't particularly like using it on trains and buses, or carrying it around in a shoulder bag or backpack, due to the fact that I spent around $400 for it, and would not like to see it get lost or stolen.  It has not put an end to my reading of magazines and books, or watching television, or using a desktop computer.  For me, the smartphone has been a more revolutionary device, since it does everything a tablet does, and also makes telephone calls and sends text messages, and it fits into a pants pocket.  Now if the price for reliable service would only drop a little... But the tablet is basically a big smartphone that you can't call anybody on.  I have not tried using it for video chat yet, but I would like to.- Wifi is often a hassle.  For some reason it seems to have problems finding good wifi and remembering passwords.  It can take several tries to get it working, but before you reach that point your attention may be wandering.  I look forward to the day when cheap, metered data plans are common, or free wifi is easier to use.- If anyone has comments / ideas / suggestions for me or wants to share their Galaxy Tab experiences with me, then let me know.  Thanks.