ANOTHER EDIT (10 days):Just when I was about to think that freezes went away it froze again. So:1. It's not possible to use this tablet without carrying a paper clip along2. Taking into account that this product is on the market for at least one year and this freezing issue is well known to distributors and the manufacturer and a number of fix attempts via firmware updates were released the only conclusion is that this is a hardware problem. Which means that they continue to knowingly sell a product that is defective in essence.Some reviewers are saying that it is Android or tablets' nature to hang. I own a number of Android devices including G1 (the first Android ever) and none of them ever needed a reset. They don't even have a reset button!EDIT (1 week):After some experiments I managed to make this thing work. Or am I just lucky and some wire got crossed inside after a couple of bangs?...With a combination of the free MX Player (from Market, now renamed to Play Store) and the latest 'leaked' firmware [...] this tablet became more or less stable, it didn't freeze for three days now. But still I refuse to understand how come they are selling a device that's guaranteed to freeze very often without applying some hack like efforts. So no more than 2 stars, sorry.ORIGINAL (a couple of days of usage):My aim was to get a tablet for my toddler to watch kids cartoons and play some simple games. My kid (1.7 y.o) tends to throw stuff on the floor when he gets too irritated, alas the price of the purchase had to be minimized. Le Pan was the cheapest one with a full 10 inch screen, so I thought it would be good enough for the purpose.I can say that the screen is really good. View angle is excellent, the screen is very bright.But unfortunately the device is not very usable as it freezes very often for no reason at all. I've connected it to my laptop via USB, uploaded a couple of cartoons. It refused to play most of them, just played the MP4 one.I've installed BS player and it played FLV ones in software mode which sucked - the cartoon video was kind of slow which caused out of sync with audio.When I tried to play toons it would sometime freeze in the middle of it, or refused to play it from the start displaying an alert window on top of a garbage video background which could only be removed by restarting the device with Reset button.And right now it just froze for just no reason.So, anyway, I think that I will be able to convert all of my kids cartoons to some format that this device could tolerate, and will hope that my kid hits it really hard against the wall in the next couple of months which would justify a purchase of a better one.PS: I've tried all of their updated firmwares, both official and 'leaked'. No difference.