This product is really good. Carrying a stock android of 2.2. Although it feels almost like a  pound but its just the right size for your pocket or purse. Samsung really made promised on overall graphics of the tablet. i still haven't fully dug into the tablet all the way. Only one thing I can really point out is the internet with this device on carrier 3g network. I gave it four stars for it for that reason. The internet is horribly slow. IThe internet can also drop as well. Thats why wifi comes in all the way. Very fast on Wifi. As for games is really great. I usually have all my movies and tv shows on itunes, so theres no need to buy any from the media hub unless theres a reason if my show or movie isn't specified on itunes. The box comes in black. A set of headphones, the tablet, and a few manuals. There is no case or cover which left me disappointed about it. Samsung should have least put cases in the boxes just like t-mobile and their mobile devices. Battery power is awesome. Charged very fast charging. From a half a charge in about an hour. I'd say two hours for a full charge. As for camera, it's no that bad. As for orientation portrait and landscape mode, it is a little sluggish when turning the tablet either way. I'd say that I am waiting for honeycomb update for the tablet itself to experience the full force of a tablet. 2.2 is a good build on it, just not perfectly set for the tablet. There are apps that aren't adjusted for it. But all developers will jump on track as soon as this tablet sells more often. Thats it for my review. Its a great tablet. It will not or cannot replace a laptop. And its a lot like and android phone, just bigger. I do recommend buying this tablet if your interest in one for yourself. If you have any questions regarding this feel free to ask me. I'll answer the best of my ability. As I dig deeper into the this tablet, I'll post more information regarding this over the next few days. Please to read all post for more understanding about the tablet.Update November 5th, 2010Media Hub, now I'm not an apple fan, I'm just a customer to them. But to say the very least is that the movies on the media hub is a little more expensive. Like the dark knight almost 17.99. Others 19.99. And the itunes price 8.99 movies. I would say to use itunes than media hub. Does not support call capabilities. North America strip that from the tab when it crossed into the states. Does support texts. You can get unlimited. If you want to root your device for the call capability there is a site for it. But I wouldn't recommend right now considering the device it is still new.December 7, 2010Sorry Im a bit late on my replies, just been busy for the holidays.WIFI TETHERINGEveryones been asking me about the mobile connection with the galaxy tab internet usage. Well here it is.As this have been a month of playing with my tab, its been surprisingly good. Though I am still waiting for Honeycomb in early next year.  Internet connections using the Galaxy Tab: I have just recently used the internet connection for this device under settings: Wireless & Networks; Mobile Ap. This activates the wifi on the device for internet use for mobile and/ or laptops. This is more faster than 3g network and is free. I tried this using my Nexus One and MacPro. Connections were good. I usually have internet at home, so I think this is a feature to burn up your tablets life quicker. Or unless you want to pay $9.99 from T-Mobile or $14.99 for tethering. Added extra updates:  Music: As for the music, it is loud and clear to understand. I used DoubleTwist to download my music fast and convenient. The music app separates your music into the categories of artists the songs that go under them.  As for game loft games, the Hd is superior on it. [...] for more games for the galaxy tab. You do have to pay for them, $4.99 or you can have it charged on your phone bill after you downloaded the demo game. The game is fully downloaded into the tablets memory card 16gb. You just have to buy it if you are interested in the expansion of the rest otherwise uninstall. I only have Asphalt. The thing about this game is that when your driving, the steering wheel seems to stop turning therefore, you crash into a wall or turning around. Using the sensor was a bit difficult for me.  So some game controls from gameloft is a bit sluggish, but its still good.  Slacker Radio: This app is pretty good when it comes to listening to music. You can upgrade for the full version or just keep the demo. The demo, you do have options of switching stations only six times, then you would have to wait an hour to change them again. Though this app will sometimes take awhile to load the radio station thats because its the demo app. One month: $4.99 or $3.99 monthly thats $47.88 annually. You don't have song lyrics in the demo and there are ads.This device is just a magnet for fingerprints, Luckily I have a spare nylon cloth.More Updates coming soon.