This is the newer model of the A7, it's the A7-004 (A7+) not the older A7-040. The two improvements they made are a better touchscreen (multi touch works great now - up to 4 point) and a better resoltuion for the touchscreen. It now goes up to 1024 x 600 compared to the older one was 800 x 480 only. They also removed the docking port, which they never utilized anyways. It's funny that this one is better for much less money on many sites.The Tegra II T250 dual core CPU cranks along at 1.0 GHz each core and it shows. Apps are smooth, Angry Birds, for example, has no lag at all. The 512 MBs of DDR2 667 MHz RAM also helps the system responsiveness. This tablet flies and flies without any hitches. The capacitive screen is very responsive as well, it takes an very light touch. Even a light brush against it will trigger it, it's almost too responsive, lol.It has all the apps you need to get going right from the get go. Amazon (Apps, .com, Mp3, Kindle), Facebook, Aldiko, Documents To Go, Adobe Reader, fring, IMDb, getjar, FBReader, Email, JoeShopping... I've had no need to 'side load' anything so I can't comment on that procedure.The music and video players work great and I have not found an app that doesn't work.Internal storage is only 4 GBs, with about 2.5 GBs taken for the operating system. The remaining 1.5 GBs are for app storage and any other downloads like eBooks. Really, this is quite a bit. I currently have 20 games installed and 27 eBooks and I still have over 1 GB of storage remaining. I use my SD card for all my music and videosExternal storage is where this unit shines many others, in my opinion. The SD slot will accommodate up to 32 GBs and the full sized USB port will support up to 64 GBs. That's almost 100 Gigs all totaled!HDMI up to full 1080p is provided by a real HDMI port, not a mini port that makes you buy an adapter or use a special cable. I like this, a lot.The speakers are weak and so are the included head phones, use something else. I put my regular head phones on and the volume was insanely loud, volumes had to be turned down.Battery life seems decent. Like all devices, make sure you fully drain the battery before charging. This will ensure the battery's full potential, otherwise you will be wondering why the tablet is dead in 3 hours of mixed use. There are options in the settings to check what is draining battery life and disable apps, etc. to gain better life. Set the display to shut off at a specific amount of time, I believe it is always on by default, this will kill it quick. Or you can simply press the power button briefly to shut the screen off and lock the device while you listen to music. I can bring this to work fully charged, listen to music for 3 or 4 hours, play games during breaks for 30 to 40 minutes and still have around half battery life, maybe more.Bottom line, for the price, I don't think you can find a better 7 inch tablet. Most of the others are over $300 and for that money I would be looking at laptops or netbooks instead. For under 2 bills this is outstanding.One more thing: Update the device from eLocity's website as soon as you can, it can be done from a USB flash drive and only takes a few minutes. I did right off so I don't know what issues this tablet has/had with the out dated software.