This product is really great. The android operating system is very easy to use, and there are plenty of apps to download. The downloading process is extremely simple. There are a couple of apps that are unavailable (at the time of this writing), but it's not really anything to complain about.I'm glad that I got the Wi-Fi only version. I didn't have to pay for an expensive data plan, and I still have all the functionality.The GPS included works great, but the included app doesn't work offline--it requires the internet to access the maps, so you would have to choose your destination while connected to the internet if you're going to use it. Also, it doesn't know what to do if you go off its suggested course. This was a simple fix: I just downloaded a cheap ($4.99) GPS app which works great. The app is called CoPilot.The hardware is fairly rugged, but I would recommend getting some kind of case or cover. I got a generic "sleeve" for mine and it works great. I wouldn't recommend getting anything expensive. As for the size, it is just small enough to be portable, and perfectly large enough. I researched 10" tablets, but decided that they would be too big for me. The only size problem I have is that it is a little too small to use for sheet music on a music stand.I didn't have any problems connecting to my home Wi-Fi or the networks at any other places (my grandparents' house, the beach house we went to, etc.). Connecting to wi-fi was easier on the tab than on my computer. It's also easy to turn the wi-fi, gps, etc. on and off and to adjust the brightness.I should share a few minor complaints that I do have:First, to charge the unit, you have to use the included charger. The charger is a small unit with a USB port on it. Then, to charge, you have to use the included cable (which is far too short). The fact that the two are separate implies that you can charge the unit from a PC or a generic USB charger, but this is not the case. The unit will not charge when connected to my computer or to my generic USB charger in my car. It will not even charge if I use a USB extension cable. This was a pain in my car because I was using it as a GPS on a long trip, and the battery almost ran out before I got there. I'm not sure if it would work if you bought a samsung adapter. That being said the battery lasts a really long time.Second, there are a few apps that come pre-loaded that can not be removed at all. Some apps are useful, but others are not. For example, there are Wall Street Journal and NY Times apps which can not be uninstalled, but are useless to me because I do not have a subscription to either of those papers.My final complaint is that the choice of mass-storage was micro-SD. It would have been much easier if it were just regular SD as the micro variety are more expensive and a little harder to come by.Overall, though, I would recommend this product to just about anyone. It works well and is a great product.