Bought this from Amazon, as always got it quick. My back ground is I've owned an IPAD and asus windows tablet. After trying them out I was still unsatisfied with the products. It wasn't providing me what I was looking for. I wanted a tablet with good battery life, good aps, experience the 'real' web, do some entertainment (videos, games, music), keep myself connected with social media, and finally do some note taking for work/ everyday things. Looking at the reviews and the advertisements I gave the HP Touchpad a go.The Breakdown based on a few days exp:OS: A +HP OS is probably the highest point in this tablet.Synergy makes the whole multitasking a breezy and keeps everything in synch. The whole process to get connected with your email, facebook, and calendar is simple.You can just do lots of things out of the box, no need to go hunting for apps.No Icons Everywhere in the home screen.You can browse the WHOLE internet without having black screens because of "missing a plugin".APPs: B-HP App market is lacking. You could take in to account that it just launched and will have more coming. If you patient you'll start seeing new ones every week. From whats available NOW you can manage. There are games and several productivity apps worth checking out.Hardware: B-This is the weakest thing for me for the Hp Touchpad. Every Tablet in the market right now has : front /back camera, expandable memory slot, hdmi output, and Real USB connections.HP TP has front camera, max 32 gb memory, and one micro usb connection. WTF...  Lacking big time.If your like me that likes options for inputs/outputs this is a low blow.Screen for HP TP is great, all the pictures and videos look nice and I think the resolution is fine. The touch response is good too.Battery is good too. 5-6 hours . If you leave it on all night it will get low on battery. Not much standby power.Price: B-The majority of tablets are 300-499 range. The 32 gb TP is ~560 bucks in amazon. Hardware wise its not worth that. A little too steep for the competition.Conclusion: HP Touch's operating system could just be the seller here for people that are in search for something friendly and do real multitasking. Or people that didn't like android or iOS.Price and Hardware are big negatives. Probably the best thing is get this when the price drops under 450 or wait for second Generation.You just got to see what is important to you and what specifically you "need" in a your tablet.For me I might keep this :)update 9-9-11after the prices tanked cause of the announcement of HP not supporting it anymore. I returned mine (full refund from amazon) and actually bought another for 135 from hp.com :-)why did I buy another ?Because it is just a easy and brilliant product.HP did announce continued support for the apps and updates .which is true they have done a recent update and just came out with a new edition of the HP magazine for the touchpad which is a neat ideA to discover new apps.here are some positives:+HP gave a 50 buck credit for apps+free box.net 50 gb  of space online+ found preware  homebrew community that releases apps and anything you can think of to add a whole different experience . They have a app to overclock the CPU :-)+new apps added weekly+noticed faster internet and processing with updateswith the touchpad being cheaper. Give this a try. Support will be there for a while because over 250k of units are out there and HP is making more. Developers love the touchpad.update 12/15/11+ I keep using my TP. The apps are still flowing and the web is just easy to use on this.+HP fired their previous CEO and the new one announced that palm os will be open source. Open source is like the android. Which is a positive thing because it guarantees is way or form updates and new apps from developers.