BEST USED BY A TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGEABLE PERSON My story: At first I was skeptical at buying thisseeing the resistive screen and split reviews, but I still bought it to see how it was and I was not disappointed. When I first received it (it was shipped within 2 days even though I chose Super Saver Shipping which was a huge plus)it gave a bad first impression, it loaded up fine but it started to freeze and it even rebooted on its own once and was stuck on the Zii Powered logo screen, and I thought to myself, I'm going to return thisthe next day, but I decided to give it a second chance and it payed off and is working like a champ. The #1 reason I purchased this was to replace "most" of my papers for taking notes in class, the built in handwriting recognition is utterly horrible when replaced with WritePad (handwriting recognition app), it improves substantially, as it recognizes almost ANY type of handwriting, even in cursive provided that it somewhat resembles the letter or word. With that it makes handwriting much more easier, and with a resistive screen precision is flawless since the stylus has a relatively fine tip compared to the capacitive screen stylus' (horrible). Another problem I faced was the lack of apps availability, the ziio store didnt have too much to offer so I was thinking to myself howto get the Google Market and apps on it. Looked around a lot and many said it was not possible including some youtube videos, but I came along a certain developers site that actually succeeded in not only installing the Market but also rooting it and installing a proper Busybox (ignore thisif you don't know what I'm talking about :p ). Like I said this tablet is much better for tecnically knowledged people because it even took me awhile to figure howto properly use and edit the files for rooting.  Once rooted the tablet becomes just as capable as any $400+ tablet.  FLASH does work on this and just like any tablet some sites work well and others not so well, on youtube it plays everything upto 480p smoothly, anything higher (720p & 1080p) stutters.  Locally stored HD videos play perfectly (not many tablets can play 1080p videos well like this one does).PROS:-Flash support-handwriting recognition (with writepad) with fine tip stylus-HD video playback-X-FI audio (quality is much better than anything i heard)-Good performance (scored 2200+ on quadrant)-Good apps install after google market installationCons:-requires tecnical knowledge and guts to get the most out of it-resistive screen (im growing to like it though)-no multitouch support-only froyo now would like atleast gingerbread if not honeycomb-does not charge through usbAlso for people who says no 3g support, i got news for you, you can pair this with your phone to use its 3g or even 4g connection on the go (after modifiying a system file).I will post a video review when i get a chance.Enjoy your tablet and sorry to those that couldnt enjoy it like I am.PS wrote this whole review from my tablet with handwriting only.