After I have spent a year drooling over the IPad (which we couldn't afford), my husband bought this for my Christams present. (Yay, early Christmas!)I have a Velocity Cruz - 7" screen with regular Android OS, but as with many of the non Apple or mainline tablets, there was no way to access the Android market and most of the Amazon apps I purchased wouldn't run on it. I mainly used the Cruz to read on a Kindle app, and to play lame games. I have a smartphone that was maxed on space with Amazon apps, as well.The great things about the Kindle Fire are that everything I use or want runs smoothly and fast on this tablet. While I am fairly tech savvy, I found that the skin over the Android OS is actually better for the 'uneducated' tech person - it is fairly common sense, and the ease of use. I had to read my whole Cruz manual in order to get it to do functions that should have been common sense. Not so with Fire - I spent about 10 minutes orienting myself on it last night and had all my stuff loaded and up on it and spent the rest of the night having fun! (I struggled with the Lending Library but that was me and NOT the Fire - I kept doing the wrong thing!)I know others are complaining about the lack of gmail, etc. I have those on my Google smartphone, so it's not a problem for me. I also know that the internet browser is extremely fast so I actually got my Gmail that way faster than my phone could bring up the app this morning.I have not had any problem with WiFi signal (always a major issue for the Cruz), and am super happy with the ability to dim the backlighting, etc.While I understand some of the complaints on here, I don't find these faults of a new system. I find that people expect too much or don't understand what they are buying. Before he ordered this, my husband had me do several days of research on the Kindle pages and FAQs to make sure that it would do what I wanted it to do. I did, and I am super happy with the product - the Cruz went bye-bye this morning! While this may not be the Apple killer, for the price point I am happy. I do pictures with a digital point and shoot or my phone, so the lack of camera doesn't bother me, and there is a way to 'side load' content if I choose to. However, I am pretty happy getting my content onto the Cloud, and anytime I travel the destination usually has WiFi (unless we go somewhere tech free on purpose anyway!)While I'm sorry that some people aren't happy with the Fire, I am perfectly happy with mine. Best advice - read the info before you buy so that if it's not going to do what you want, then don't buy it and become unhappy!Amazon has really hit it out of the ballpark. I'm not worried about 3G (or 4G or whatever it becomes tomorrow) because it kills battery power, and I am happy with the size and weight (it weighs less than the same sized Cruz). Haven't had any problems dropping it or feeling I will. I love my early Christmas present - it's the best thing I've ever gotten from my husband except my kids!