Let me start by saying that I use an iPhone (which I like), I borrowed my brother's iPad2 for a few days to see if I liked it, bought 2 android tablets close to this price point which I returned, and I have a Nook Color that has been rooted to make it a tablet. I didn't really care for the iPad2, its price point or its size. For me it was like an oversized iPhone, and I already have that. The Nook was not quite what I was looking for either.  So, I decided to give this a try.  I read all of the reviews about the apps,email, and calendar prior to my purchase, so I knew what to expect there.Out of the box, I was very pleased with the fact that the browser was just about as fast as on my pc.  Then I began to check out the apps.  At first I had buyers remorse, not because I use many apps, but because that is when I realized there were no commonly used apps like Netflix, Kindle, etc. I thought Oh No, I should have tried the Kindle Fire. However, now that I have read its 1 & 2 star reviews by some, I am glad that I didn't because I know that it wouldn't have been what I was looking for either.Unlike some others though, I was determined to give the playbook more time to prove itself and for me to become more accustomed to using it because I refused to believe that Apple is the only other alternative...lol... And I am glad that I did because even if RIM never fulfills their "promises", for me this is the best at this price point.I wanted something that I could manage the kitchen/ household with. I needed something not too big and not too small that I could hang on the wall in the kitchen. I wanted something that felt sturdy, had an accurate touchscreen, and that seemed or at the very least gave me the illusion that it would last, and that I wouldn't have to buy another one in 9 months.  For me this delivers.  I wanted to be able to bookmark recipes for cooking, easily done.  I wanted something that I could quickly look up something on the internet, again it delivers.  I wanted something that I could keep a family and my husband's business calendar on, done using google calendar, and buying an app for 0.99 that links straight to it.  I wanted to use it for grocery lists and errand list, done with an app that backs it up "in the cloud" and I can retrieve it from my iPhone while shopping.  Listening to music, done! Since I can watch movies from Amazon then I guess I will just have to find movies there & keep Netflix for my kids to watch on my phone! As for reading, I suppose I can use Kobo on the playbook or pull out my Kindle or Nook.Almost all tablets out there have bad reviews, including this one.  Most just have to choose which company has the product that meets their own individual needs.  For me, I can tolerate the Playbooks & RIMs shortcomings for what you are getting at this price.