Now that I've had my iPad (1) for 2months, I can comment on what I like/dislike about it.Background; we have iPod Touch and iPad, no iPhone.The likes: it's great for kids, to play silly games.I have a 4-yr and a 7-yr. They like playing the silly games on iPod Touch and now iPad: AngryBird, Smurf, etc.It's lightweight to carry around - but much heavier and bulkier than my Kindle. Just better then most laptops.That's about ALL we like about iPad.The dislikes?- slow, toooooooooooooooo slow to navigate the web: without multi-tab support; switching to another browser window and it would Always RELOAD. since it's slow, this makes the web surfing extremely painful. Hence I'd say surfing the web with iPad is useful ONLY when there isn't a computer around- want to load your favorite song/video from flashdrive to iPad? First, you HAVE to have another computer (eh? is not iPad supposed to be a computer replacement?)!!! Then, you HAVE to install and use the iTune software. Thirdly, even though everyone is now all too familiar with copy-paste, syncing content to iPad from computer can NOT be done via copy-paste -- I haven't fully figure out how (WHY would anyone with 10+years of computer experience have to FIGURE out how to copy-paste???), but it's a HUGE pain in the A**- if you have multiple iPads, and worse, an iPad plus iPod Touch (or iPhone), then the pain to sync content is multiplied: eg, you want some contents to be only for iPod and some only for iPad -- there is a LOT of work you need to do to achieve that, otherwise, iTune syncs ALL your content to whatever device you have connected to your computer.- it does NOT have a DVD player. Sure there is a LOT of contents online. but, what about the DVDs we bought and/or borrowed from the lib? My kids have lots of them, and we just cannot all cramp on the bed with the kids and watch DVD on iPad - but we can do with our computer!!!- typing is extremely slow and annoying: without a keyboard, this makes it useless in doing any serious work (or to type a review like this - I'm using my Windows laptop to write this review!)- small screen: it IS nothing but a bigger iPod touch. It's not big enough for 3 kids to watch something together!- battery: I NEVER get anything close to 10hr - never more than 6hr!!! (which is very good compared to to what any laptop/Windows - but WHY pay a premium for something that is useful for nothing but the "cool" games?)- the power cord is TOO short: most of time I use my laptops, I have them plugged in. I want to do the same with iPad - but can NOT do. THe cord supplied is TOO short. So the only want to use iPad is to (fully) charge, use up battery, then back to charge...==> the problem is, when you want to carry it outside, either you carry it half-charge (since it's been used for a while), or you must wait for hours for it to charge before going out, AND you have to charge even when it's only half depleted - significantly reducing battery life (on the up side, your beloved Apple can sell your authentic batteries to make more money, which enables them to create more Fancy stuff like iPad for you to spend even more $$ on...)When compared to a normal laptop, iPad is anything but one - in fact, it is NOT one and you MUST have another computer to make your iPad (more) useful!In summary: will NOT recommend iPad. It's nothing but a bigger iPod Touch.Get it if...- you're satisfied if ALL you get is a bigger iPod Touch- all you care are just the AppStore games/apps- you can figure-type really fast and prefer not to have a real keyboard and/or type with both hands- have too much $$ and won't mind to have another potentially useless toy lying around (think of the Legos you spent hundreds of $$ on - after first use, have you ever played again?)Do NOT get it if- you want an iPad to replace your laptop -- this is BIG NO NO- you want to use it for regular web surfing- you want an iPad whose battery can REALLY last 10hr -> it will NOT- you want it regularly used for watching video- you prefer typing with both handsRecommend:try out some i3 or i5 Windows laptops with 5+hr battery life, relatively light weight, and around $600.