I received my Le Pan 2 (ii) on Saturday the 21st.  I did have it ordered from Amazon, but with the '2-3 weeks' back order, I switched to Walmart.com and got it for a buck cheaper.  Downside is, I had to pay about $20 in tax.  Still, I ordered on Friday afternoon, so you can't beat that.  I'll provide a list of things I didn't like, so just assume that I was satisfied with the aspects that aren't on the list.  I bought this tablet for it's guts.  I wanted to break that performance barrier for Android devices.  I didn't want a toy, but the inconsistencies among Android devices is frustrating.  So far, the Le Pan 2 is performing like a tool.  Remember, this is a review after about 4 hours of face time, so think of it more as a first impression.Dislikes:Power Button - Difficult to locate in the dark until you get the feel.  Even then, it feels cheap, and the design makes it hard to tack down once you do find it.  The mechanism that maintains the tension underneath the button doesn't do a great job, so the button feels a little floaty and lose.  This is not a deal breaker for me.Volume rocker/hold button(s) - The hold switch is garbage.  If you shake the Tablet, it rattles on it's track.  There seems to be a reoccurring theme with Le Pan (Matsunichi) and moving parts.  The Volume rocker which is adjacent to the hold switch is hard to locate period partly because of their proximity.  A blind feel yields mostly distinguishable plastic segments.  The rocker could benefit from raised bumps on either end.  It's nice not to have the face of the tablet muddled with lights and indications, but it makes physically turning the tablet to view the controls on top an occasional necessity.  Annoying, but not a deal breaker.Honeycomb Fever/Disillusionment - I use Android 2.3.3 on my phone, so I've gotten used to the long comparability list.  Honeycomb is not supported by some apps I use on my Droid Pro.  HBOgo is in the works.  Xfinity, Fios, etc.  More annoying is that HBO denies browser access to on demand content for Tablets.  I'm sure there is a way around this, but like I said before, 4 hours.  I've read that ICS is coming in an update, so they're about to shake the snow globe again anyway.  Not Le Pan's fault, but we should be aware. (I would like my gmail, please)Comfort - I'm not using the Tablet with a case yet, so this point serves only those who plan to keep the Le Pan naked.  The 9.7 inch format is nice to look at, but cumbersome to hold.  The weight gets to the small tendons and muscles after a few minutes and calls for constant readjustment.  The case is slick, so if you stop paying attention to the tablet resting on your leg, a drop is probable.  If you plan on putting it in a case, no worries.Camera - Not much needed here.  It's a 2MP that reminds me of a cheap webcam...  That's essentially what it is.  No flash.  Literally.  I don't intend to use my tablet for digital photography anyway.  Don't we all high MP digi cams in an expensive case somewhere that we don't use?  Feel free to go find it. :-PCharging - 30pin connector STINKS!  The included cable is short.  The charge slot is on the TOP of the device (True north, above the camera, offset to the left 2 inches).  This is that lack of refinement I was talking about.  I'm sure there's a good excuse for why is has to be there.  Probably something like 'It was convenient'.  Not that anyone wants to use a tethered tablet, but if you have to, it's annoying.  Charging also seems slow.  Second full charge was 4-5 hours.  Maybe I'm spoiled.Speakers - The quality is as expected, and maybe even a little better.  the problem I had was with the placement and volume.  They are on the back cover, and sit at the bottom of the tablet during portrait mode.  If you cover the small openings, the volume is killed.  If you want to experience quasi-stereo, you can't be using landscape mode.  Also, the volume is different depending on which application you're using.  System volume is also inconsistent.  20% may sound appropriate for 20%, but 70% sounds like 50%, and 100% sounds like 55%.  Better to use inside, as the sound is lost in open spaces.Screen - I don't even want to admit this, but I did notice some bleeding in the corners.  One in particular.  It only shows with dark/black screens.  It's very small.  If I hadn't read a review of someone else making the same claims, I wouldn't have noticed right away.  I DO NOT mean to scare people away from this tablet.  The screen bleeding is not significant.  It may even be covered under warranty, but I'm not sure.  Maybe someone has time to check into that.  Still not a deal breaker for me.  Sub $300 people.Conclusion:I like this Tablet, even if I sound hyper-critical of it.I haven't had any crashes yet.  Bloatware is at a minimum (or just not present).  Operation is snappy, but there are the occasional hick-ups and motion lags.  Wifi pickup seems great (better than my Droid Pro).  It's sturdy, but husky in comparison to some of the anorexic tabs out there.  Get a case for it.  I will be doing the same.