All the hype and then I finally got a hold of one.  Now I see what everyone else is complaining about.  I currently own a TF101 and compared the two side by side.  I used "WiFi Analyser" app and walked around my house and yard to see how they compared for WiFi reception.  The TF101 was better most of the time by 10 to 20db.  The Prime (TF201) was always lagging behind in updating it's signal display, like it was thinking about it for a while.  I have a feeling that was the software emulation trying to sweeten the signal.  The the GPS was looked at using "GPS Status" app and the TF101 killed the Prime in reception in all areas.  The TF101 averaged 8 to 12 satellites outdoors and the Prime would only find a max of 4-6.  Then get close to any cover, like a back porch roof and the signal died out on the Prime while the TF-101 held a min of 5 satalites and even while indoors throughout my house.  I am appauled that a company like ASUS would put out their premier Android tablet with these flaws.  They have always impressed me with their products until now.  That explains why they removed the mere mention of GPS from their website add and descriptions.  Then on top of that they announce a new version (TF701) will be released soon (3rd quarter 2012) that will fix these issues and take the screen resolution higher to full HD.  For the price they are asking it aut to work right.  The unit is significantly more in price than the TF101 and the keyboard/battery accessory is double the price of the one for the TF101.  It's not worth it to go backward in performance in two key areas.Pros: I will say the new processor is great.  The increased memory is great.  Gorilla glass is clear and the screen is bright.  Android Ice Cream Sandwich is better but they (Google) missed the mark with this one too in a particular area.Cons: In addition to the above....The proprietary power cord is still a serious irratant. Also the location of it on the bottom of the screen is horrid when using it in conjunction with a case and trying to tilt it up for viewing.  They can add a micro usb hub on the side and be able to charge the unit with the cords we use for our phones, thus eliminating having to carry another one around.  Obviously they are betting on everyone getting the Battery/keyboard accessory.  The Ice Cream Sandwich missed a key feature improvement that HTC got correct in adding to their EVO 3D 4G.  This is where you can continuously scroll the app screens in both directions and they loop around instead of stopping 2 to the right and 2 to the left of center or home screen. I am very dissapointed this feature was not included.  I find it one of the best improvements to Android yet.  Lastly I had many screen lockups in the safari browser included in the Prime.  I would average one lockup every 30 minutes of continuous internet use.  Firefox was better but not bug free.  This tells me that there are conflicts with the video card and the touch screen or somehwere in between.  I would have to power cycle most of the time to get it back when going to standbye didn't work.  I have used the Prime for three straight weeks in all kinds of conditions.  I have updated the firmware and have Adroid 4.03 on it.  Asus could have done this better for the money.In conclusion: Not worth the money at this point. Wait for the TF701 and see what they do then.  It must be bad if Amazon removed it from sale by them and only have refered venders selling it for even higher prices. You can save allot of money and get a used TF101 if you can't wait for the TF701.