I have owned a Kindle since the very first one, with several upgrades along the way.  I was actually on the verge of considering an iPad purchase in October when I thought to look online and see if by any slim chance Amazon was considering a tablet (apparently I'd been out of the rumor-loop!).  Was THRILLED to see one was about to be released and I ordered mine quickly on the day of the announcement.  And then WAITED along with everyone else for a very long month to pass.I have an iPad at work, for work use, and a friend cautioned me that surely if I spent much time with an iPad I would want one of them for personal use instead of a Kindle Fire - there was no way (in his mind) the two could stand up next to each other, right?WRONG - the Fire truly is a miniature iPad, and I say that as a user of both.  With a few exceptions, I haven't yet found anything that I can do on the iPad that I can't do on my Fire.  YES, there are some apps available on iPad that aren't available on the Fire - but so far none that have rocked my world by not being able to do it on the Fire.I've had mine since release date, so I'm about a month in on using it every single day.  Here's a synopsis of my thoughts/feelings about it, with an emphasis on some of the recent press-criticism:SPEED:  Yes, the iPad browser is faster, but I don't find the Silk browser to be slow by ANYBODY'S definition.  The rudimentary browswer on the Kindle 3 was mind-numbingly slow - on the Fire it is excellent, as fast as I could want.  I don't wait for pages to load at all.  It is just so convenient to pick up and check my email real quick, or navigate to a site I just saw an ad for on TV.  Trying to do that on the K3 was an exercise in frustration and patience.  Doing such simple tablet-tasks on the Fire is a dream.TOUCH SENSITIVITY:  Here I have found some bugs, but apparently so has Amazon and a promised update in the next week or so should fix it.  I find I sometimes have to touch something several times to get it to activate, though not always and not consistently in one app or another.  In some apps the touch control is downright sensitive, requiring only a very light touch (such as the Mahjong game I play endlessly on the Fire).PRIVACY:  Recent press has had a field day with the fact that anyone picking up my Fire can instantly see whatever I've been doing, as every book, app, webpage, etc shows on the carousel for all to see.  I never really thought about this being a problem, but I am looking forward to a promised update that will apparently allow me to limit what rides on the carousel (I will limit it to just books, if that is an option).BATTERY LIFE:  Call me crazy, but I think Amazon did something about this shortly after the release.  When I first got it I could use it for only about 4 hours before it needed charging!  I got crazy about making sure the wifi was always off unless I was actually using it, but that seemed to only modestly improve the battery life.  But after several weeks with the device "something" seemed to have changed, and now battery life is past the promised 8 hours, particularly if I'm careful about not keeping the wifi turned on 24/7.  If you are a K3 owner I'm sure you're accustomed to your K3 going week or weeks without a charge needed, but remember we're talking COLOR and CAPABLE of so much more here.  My iPad at work seems to only last about a day if I keep it on, too.  I've just gotten in the habit of plugging the Fire in first thing in the morning.  It recharges quickly - no more than an hour for a recharge.HOME BUTTON?  I don't understand the criticism about this AT ALL.  Yes, the ipad has a single home button on the front of the unit, and on the Fire you have to touch the little HOME icon to get home....  And?  Seriously, people?POWER BUTTON.  The power button the Fire is basically in the same location as on previous Kindles... so what's the issue here?  I've read people complaining about turning it off accidentally?  I have my Fire in a cover and I literally can't imagine how I might accidentally turn it off.OVERALL, I am EXCESSIVELY PLEASED with my Fire.  Some people criticize it for it's size compared to the iPad, but for me the size is a plus - it makes it very portable, very easy to stick in my purse or jacket, even in a full leather cover, to take with me to those places like a doctor's office or ANY place you might find yourself having to wait a while.  Much more transportable than the iPad.  I'm so glad I didn't spring for the iPad at more than twice the cost.... there's so little difference in functionality that it's just not worth it.  Granted, I am primarily a READER and not a consumer of media and such.  I've barely played with those functions on the Fire, except for the music side.  But the Fire is a definite leap forward for Amazon.  I love it, I recommend it to everyone I know and at work (I'm in the I.T. department) there are at least a half dozen of us who all have Fires now.  That should tell you something right there...