I had been deciding whether or not to purchase a Kindle Fire, but after looking into it, I decided to get one. However, a lot of my "research" involved reading the customer reviews. There were several issues brought up that weren't quite accurate, as I noticed when I received my Kindle.Customization with carousel: A few people said they had trouble not being able to edit what shows up on the carousel on the Fire homepage. However, you can. The carousel features the most recent content, be it books, apps, videos, etc. Simply press and hold an icon, and just like with any app on Apple products, a little menu comes up with three options - Add to Favorites, Remove from Carousel, and Remove from Device. Though you may not be able to control the order of the carousel items, you can control what is currently displayed.Limited memory: The Kindle Fire does have a smaller amount of internal storage than other tablets, but it really doesn't need all that much. If someone wanted this product as a cheaper way to play games, listen to music, or watch movies, they are probably better off investing in an iPad. The Kindle is, indeed, a Kindle - so the main purpose is to hold books. Between books, a few apps to kill time, and a video/movie here and there, along with the Cloud storage, the memory is fine.Wi-Fi, not 3G: There is no 3G internet service for out-of-the-house accessibility. But many people these days have smartphones, like myself, so I personally don't see it as an issue.No camera: It's a Kindle, not a media device. If you're looking for a camera, again I suggest something like an iPad or a Samsung Galaxy Tab.No text-to-speech: It is true, the Fire does not have to handy text-to-speech option when reading a book. I have not found it a problem yet because I rarely used it. Although, they do feature many other options not available to my slightly-outdated Kindle Keyboard, such as editing margin size, color mode, and several additional typeface choices.No volume buttons: Unlike the iPad, there are no actual buttons to adjust volume. But the given volume meter is very simple to use and easily accessible.Power button location: I also have seen a few comments about the power button being on the bottom, and how easy it was to accidentally be turned off. I guess this is a concern, if someone has no case/cover and holds the Kindle vertical on a surface when using. So it depends.Overall, I love my Kindle Fire. I haven't played with it long enough to find any major flaws, but it seems to fit exactly what I was looking for. The Fire is no iPad, for sure. I think a lot of people who found the Fire insufficient were looking for an inexpensive replacement for an iPad, or other similar tablet. This product is for people who want a fast, useful e-reader with the added bonus of playing games, watching videos, and easily surfing the web. The only, and I mean only, reason I gave the Fire 4/5 stars is because it is definitely not what everyone is looking for in a tablet. You have to want what it offers in order to enjoy it as much as I do. I absolutely recommend this to anyone who thinks it will suit them well.Thank you for taking the time to read my review.-Sam W., age 13