A GREAT Tablet for your Dolla'...! I have been playing around with this thing for the past week or two, and this tablet is nice! It is a solid built tablet, with a nice "rubberized/coated" backing to keep it from slipping out of your hand. The weight is there, knowing you have something in your hand which I like, due in part by it being a LCD tablet, and not a LED tablet like iPADs and such.Like the iPADs out there, it does not have the MicroSD/SD slot for expanding memory and such. However, getting 64GB of memory compared to an iPAD Mini w/ 16GB of memory, for HALF the price! For me.... that's a "no brainer".Also, it comes w/ at least 1GB of RAM & a 1.2GHz processor, and I believe.... iPAD Mini is 512MB of RAM? REALLY... I hate to say this, but it's time for the "Fruity Named" I.T. company to upgrade their hardware. They are way behind in that area, yet... charge the most money for their products.Anyway, the O/S is very smooth & simple to figure out. Took me 10 minutes to get the jist of how it works, and have now gotten quite competent rolling through it for all the uses I need for it. I have let this thing stay on, with the WiFi on until it drains to zero, with periodic use - this BB Playbook EASILY lasted 24 hrs before I went and charged it back up. (NOTE - if you use the cellular on it, music, video, it will be less) I play a LOT of music thru the WiFi, and it lasted a good 8 to 10 hrs.Other little nuances to note:1)the fact you can "Pause" applications in the background OR have ALL of them active. I pause them, so this is probably why the battery will last longer than maybe for other people.2) there's desktop software to download (free), so you can transfer files between computer & Playbook, and this is very handy!3) Having HDMI is nice when wanting to surf/watch a vid on my big screen TV instead.4) Touch KYBD on the Playbook is nice to type on for a 7 incher. Adjusting the sensitivity of the touch screen KYBD is simple.5) Quite impressive sound quality on the dual speakers AND when listen thru the headphones AND listening it thru my AUX jack in my car stereo.6) The BB Playbook takes surprisingly decent pictures & video. (5MP rear / 3MP front)So if you're looking for an easy, simple, more money for your buck tablet - Get the BB Playbook. I use it for music, writing lyrics, reading documents, and general surfing of the web for the most part. I don't need a full blown laptop for on the go, nor paying the high price of other tablets out there. However, I wanted the closest thing to "professional grade" (NOT Consumer grade) I could get, w/o the huge 'professional price', and this tablet just makes things bit more convenient for me.