Before you buy, my advice would be to read Amazon's promotional material, check out the reviews here (both pro and con) and talk to others that actually own the Fire before you decide whether it's right for you. I'd skip the silly one star reviews from people who returned the device 5 minutes after opening the box - like anything, there's a bit of learning curve, and the Fire may do certain things differently than what you are used to. Also note that this is not a budget Ipad, and many of the apps that make sense on a phone-sized device won't be practical on the Fire.I own an original Kindle, and the Fire will not replace that device for reading. I much prefer the E ink display when reading for long stretches at a time, the only exception being viewing .PDF files (see below).I bought the Fire primarily because of all the free/low priced Android apps, and I also wanted a small device for quick web browsing.The Fire is well constructed and was easy enough to add to my network.I wish I could say that my first impressions of the whole Fire experience were good, but they were otherwise:Product Delivery - If they haven't changed this yet, I want to add my voice to the chorus - For the sake of your future customers, Amazon, please don't ship a pre-registered device in a box that basically states : "Contents: One Kindle Fire - Please Steal Me!"Keyboard - The virtual keyboard works ok, but even with a stylus, I still get an "o" when I swear I entered a "p".You can turn off auto spell check, but there is an annoying ribbon of suggested words that appears at the top of the keyboard when you type, and I haven't found a way to disable this feature and for some reason it really bugs me. In some apps, certain words I enter at the beginning of a sentence STILL auto correct to a word I don't want - I don't know if this is a problem with the app or with the Fire.PDF Document Handling - As I said, Fire won't replace my E-Ink Kindle, but Amazon's promotional material led me to believe that the Fire would handle PDF files with aplomb. My experience was that the native PDF reader on Fire is not too good, the Adobe reader was worse (!). I finally found a paid app, ezPDF, that works halfway decent. This may not be a fault of the Fire directly, but as Amazon promotes this device's ability to handle such documents, it should ship with the most robust PDF reader available.Basic Tasks - Fire's approx. 5x7 size makes it wonderful for certain tasks like web surfing, creating virtual  flashcards, sketching and games, but "mobile-centric" apps that make sense on a smaller Android device (phone) will be less useful - as a guy, I won't be taking my Fire on shopping trips or to the restaurant. Might work in a big purse, though.*****Web Surfing - Fire's Silk browser works well for short jaunts on the Web. Very handy to have a device that I can quickly boot and surf on. If I need to power surf, I'll boot up my laptop.Movie/Show  Watching - I didn't buy the Fire for this, but test-viewed a couple of streamed videos that were free through Amazon Prime. For a 7" screen they looked fine - as the Prime library expands with more quality titles, this will certainly add value to the Fire.Music - I didn't buy the Fire for this either, but test-listened to an MP3 I had purchased from Amazon. The tiny speakers are pretty good for what they are. For better sound, the headphone jack handled my full-sized headphones with no problem.Games - This is what saved the day for me. For the cost of one Nintendo DS game, I've purchased tons of wonderful games, and I still have over 4Gb of space for more.For all my gripes, I admit that I've been using the Kindle Fire for at least a half hour a day since I received it about a month back. Warts and all, as an entertainment/learning device, the Fire works for me. And since this a new device, all the components of the interface should only get better as time goes on.