I've made very few reviews in my time, but after reading a bit of very bizarre reviews about the Kindle Fire, I felt I had to speak up.There is this constant need to compare everything to iPads, but they aren't remotely the same device, nor are they in the same price-class.  I have a Honda Accord that cost me about $22k.  Do you see me writing up reviews about how it just doesn't hold up to the $66,000 Mercedes SUV?Please.  What is wrong with people?If someone is such a little hipster that they can't hold any electronic appliance without comparing it to an Apple product that costs three times as much, perhaps they shouldn't dirty their little hands.  I just got through being told how I was a fool to buy my little toshiba laptop instead of a macbook.... only to find out that the guy had paid THREE TIMES AS MUCH for his mac book.  Sorry, but I can't afford to be that cool if the one that costs 75% less does the same job.Believe it or not, I actually HAVE and iPad.  (eeekkk!!)I like it, but it is just a bit too big for what I need.  I read a lot and I have an infant.  So, for me to rock a baby to sleep and read means I need a paperback, or something I can hold in on hand and turn the pages with my thumb.  -> Kindle.Can't do it with an iPad.  Sorry Mac fans, but i need my ipad to be smaller, there's no App for that.I also carry around a ton of junk wherever I go and my kindle actually fits in my back pocket.  (yep, it does).  I keep my books on it.  I read on the bus, on BART, at the Caffe, wheverver I have to wait.  Pulling it out of my back pocket is a one-handed maneuver.I used to use my phone to read on, but now I've got the Fire.Maybe a Nook would work too, probably, but I've used the nook and the Fire is a bit better.  I'd say that it is fare to compare the Nook to the Fire, but anyone comparing the Fire to an iPad is someone who's already biased towards the iPad.  No person with a actual clue about reality would compare the two unless they were making a point that the Fire could probably take care of 80% of what people actually do on their iPads.In fact, the only "threat" that the Fire ever held towards the iPad was that most iPad users actually would have been satisfied with a much more basic tablet, therefore the iPad absorbed many sales that it shouldn't have had in the first place, but gained only due to the fact that there was no product to cover that market sector.Now, just to get off the iPad irritation, I also want to point out that some people have kids.  I have 3.  They break stuff constantly.  They love to delete things.I've already had one iPad disaster, I'm not going to have another.  With that little kindle, I pop a movie in and hand it to my 5yr old and she can drive it with no problem.  My 3yr old has already tossed it down a flight of stairs -not a scratch.  She left it outside all day in the son - no problem.  I've sat on it a number of times (back pocket).  So far the thing is a rock.  And if it breaks, seriously, it isn't all that big a deal.  When that iPad got fried, all my pics that hadn't been sycned up were hosed.  I lost a ton of crap (yes, my own fault, but think about it.  I didn't have an option to leave them unsupervised, and now I do.)If you're going to get a table for $199, there is simply nothing on the market that is remotely close to this.  period.  nothing.It isn't perfect.  There's all sorts of crap that I'd like to change, but for $199, it rocks.There is nothing even close to the capabilities for that price.  nothing.  not even close.And, if you do have $600.... think about exactly what you "need" before you drop it all on an iPad.