Overall, the Acer Iconia A500 is great tablet.  This is the first tablet I've owned, and price was one of my main concerns.  Before you buy any tablet, you need to be aware that it's practical uses are limited.  I didn't want to spend a lot of money on something that is somewhat of an expensive toy.  Tablets are great for browsing the web, checking email/facebook, watching movies, playing games, etc.  Just don't expect it to replace a laptop.  But in tablets' defense, there are many things you can do with a tablet that can't be done with a standard computer.Build: The first thing you notice when opening the box is the tablet has a solid feel.  It's a little on the heavy side, but it's not a complete brick.  The aluminum back feels fairly solid, and is aesthetically pleasing.  The button positioning is nice as well, but the volume rocker is difficult to pressScreen: The screen is bright and easy to view.  There are more expensive tablets with better screens, but this one isn't disappointing.Performance: The dual-core processor and 1GB of RAM is on par with even the most expensive tablets currently on the market, and the performance is great.  Apps are responsive, with no noticeable lag even when multitasking.Operating System:  Honeycomb has a very nice user interface, and Acer leaves it pretty much untouched.  But my biggest complaints about this tablet are with the Honeycomb OS, which is still immature.  *For you non-techies:  Unlike other Android OS's, Honeycomb is not open source.  This is because Google doesn't want Honeycomb winding up on smartphones.  The result of this is that app developers don't have access to the source code, and there are not very many apps available for Honeycomb.  This isn't Acer's fault, but it should be noted.  The next Google OS update (Ice Cream Sandwich) is supposed to merge tablets and smartphones together, and more apps will become available for tablets.  I would still recommend buying a Honeycomb tablet over one that runs a smartphone OS (Froyo or Gingerbread) because in my opinion, Honeycomb tablets are more likely to receive the Ice Cream Sandwich update--- which is expected to be released this year.  Also, since the user interface hasn't been tweaked all that much by Acer, the update shouldn't be that hard for Acer to release in a timely manner.Connectivity: The full sized USB, Micro USB, and Micro HDMI ports offer more connectivity options that aren't found in most tablets, which is definitely a plus. The micro SD cart slot is also a plus, and I wouldn't recommend paying extra for the 32GB version of this tablet, because the storage can be expanded if needed.Battery:  The battery life is decent, although not super great.  Unless your usage is extremely heavy, you can expect to get a full day out of it without a problem, which is really all you need.  If you're on a long excursion through the Sahara or something, without access to an outlet- look into the Toshiba Thrive.  It has a removable battery that you can swap out for a fully charged one.Keyboard:  The on screen keyboard is disappointing, as with any tablet.  The nice thing about Android is that you can download other keyboards, which are more user friendly.  I installed Swype Beta, which you can download for free from Swype's website. It's far easier to "swype" a word than poke at individual keys with your index finger, especially when holding tablet with your hands (as opposed to sitting it on your lap or on a stand.)Other Notes:  It comes pre-loaded with a few games, which is cool..  Acer also installed some useful apps for organizing apps and syncing media. Overall, I'm happy with my purchase, and I'd recommend this to anyone buying a new tablet.  If you're looking for a cheaper option, Lenovo is expected to release a 7" tablet at $199 or $250 pretty soon (called the Ideapad A1).  The hardware and OS will be outdated by comparison to the A500, but it should still serve its purpose as a tablet.  The A1 will be like the netbook of tablets- underpowered, less useful, but far cheaper, more portable and still useful for basic tasks.  I hope this information helps, happy shopping!