Update: 1.5.12I still love this tablet very much. It's kind of a hassle to carry around the keyboard, external HDD and mouse but it is still very awesome. Carrying case is very much recommended(I have the Casecrown 13in messenger bag).I have since then replaced my Logitech wireless mouse with the Razer Orochi gaming bluetooth mouse. I now have my USB port free for my external HDD. I also use my Sony Bluetooth headphones to not tie me up with another wire. Another great accessory is the Griffin wave stand that minimizes the screen bezel issue unlike the official dock.So overall, still going strong, battery for me lasts around 5-4 hours.I began to sketch something on the tablet in Painter 12 and it works great!I recently purchased the Akron universal tablet mount for use with the tablet in the car more efficiently. Now, if only this tablet had GPS...Just some ideas of what you can do with this tablet. :)Update:12/6/11(more through review)This is a really great Windows 7 Slate PC.Does a whole lot more than any Android device or even the iPads. I had an Android device before and I was wishing that it did more than just multimedia entertainment.I did a lot of research before purchasing and was even considering other tablets a-like in the market like the Asus that was around the same price range.I primarily bought this tablet to do work and play. I purchased it because it was the only tablet that offered the Wacom pen digitizer. I LOVE it. Perfect for getting some artwork done or just taking notes. With a driver update from Asus to get it to work, the pen has pressure sensitivity so it will work with art programs.The Intel i5 processor is quick, and the SSD makes it even quicker. Its only disappointing feat is that Windows 7 isn't really touch friendly(hopefully Windows 8 will be).This device has literally replaced my laptop and I use it as a media player everywhere I go. In the car(music), at work(music, videos), and at home(music, videos, drawing, writing, typing) on the couch or my bed. I mainly use it for music on the go and it's great. I have a lot of music so I actually had to buy an external WD 1TB USB powered hard drive.I have even bought the Microsoft 6000 Bluetooth keyboard and it works great. I also have a wireless Logitech mouse plugged into the dock when I'm using the external HDD. With this combination, it's literally like a laptop.The WiFi is great. It picks up better signal than even my laptop at work.I would have put 5 stars if it weren't for the screen issue almost everyone is experiencing. Once Samsung addresses this issue, then I will put 5 stars. I noticed it on mine the first day.It runs Photoshop and Painter 12 without any problems and I even got Silent Hill 3 to run. I will test it out some more later.Other than the screen issue, everything is great, works like it should. The fan does kick in quite a bit but I've heard worse.