I wanted a tablet for a while and almost got the ipad, but it didn't have flash support so I waited.  Finally Honeycomb 3 is the answer and glad I didn't pulled the trigger on those other android 2.2 tablets that came out last year.Pros:1. mostly same specs as Xoom, Transformer, and Blackberry tablet: tegra2, 1gb ram, resolution, (16gb is little smaller then 32 of the xoom)2. USB, why I decided not to wait forever for the Asus transformer.3. Android Honeycomb is my first android OS and it is awesome: Flash, layout, interface.4. it works (always a plus)Cons:1. it isn't as cheap as the AsusNeutral:1. I heard the Asus has a better viewing angle screen, but I think this Iconia's screen is super itself.  They are both 1280x800ish so not a big deal.  Ipad2 is still 800x600ish, that is like reading a box compared to these wide screen androids.2. material is not as nice as xoom.  But I have a case so it is covered and not an issues anymore.So why people pay for the xoom and blackbery is beyond me (unless you mush have the 3g or 4 g stuff).  Apple Big Brother approach to controlling everything like no flash, usb bugs me.  (didn't they called IBM Big Brother before)  There are plenty of Acer Iconia out there compare to Asus Transformer, which was like a paper release where a few got it.  I gave up on the wider viewing angle of the Asus and knowing that the usb is more important to me.  I take photos on my Nikon D7000 and sometime to view it in the field. I need to view these pics before I get home and find them blurry or something.  Guess what? I can view picture from usb in the picture gallery, excellent.  I thought the silver aluminum body was an odd color to the black bezel edge.  But it is covered now by Acer Iconia Tab A500 Protective Case.AndroidThis is my first android OS and I downloaded a few free apps with no problem.  Wifi connection is no problem.  It saw my home media server (via clear.fi), but not all videos can be played like with window media player.  The camera has a flash to it, but isn't that sharp for photos.  Maybe  I need to download hipstermatic or something.  Some of the web pages are not like full web browsers nor mobile web, but in-between.  Heck I got to stream some ESPN video clip and cnet review, which the ipad can't. (update it does go to the full browser, but you might have to redirect the page)  Also got my hotmail and gmail app and have no issues with the setup or connections.I am using this mainly for browsing and photo review on the go for my dslr and it scored an 5/5 in that department.  Everything else is a bonus.  I don't need a keypad, since I got a netbook.  This is much simpler and quicker to use on the go.  The power cord is a very short.  I give this a 9/10 or a 4.5 star.  My netbook is much cheaper so the price could be a tad lower.