This is from the point of view of someone who already owns a Kindle E-book reader, a Sony PSP handheld video game device, an Ipod Classic, an Ipod Touch, an Ipod Nano, a Blackberry Storm cellphone and an HP mini Netbook.  I have all of the toys anyone out there wants, but I had to make a decision whether to pay a hefty price tag for the Ipad, something that does a lot of what those other devices can do.I chose to buy the Ipad for this reason...it is the best "all in one" device out there on the market.  Unless I want to carry around all the other stuff, it is a better idea to carry just the Ipad and my cellphone instead.  With my netbook, I had to have somewhere to plug it in, with only two hours of battery life, it just was not  easy to start it up and keep it going.  The Ipad has a 10 hour battery life (that is no exaggeration), and it is much quicker to start up than a netbook or laptop.  Instead of carrying around the Sony PSP, I can download fun games onto the Ipad and kill time that way.  Instead of carrying around the Kindle, I can load my E-books on the Ipad and read them on there.  This is a device that you can play games on, type a document, surf the internet, read a book, watch videos and play music ALL ON ONE DEVICE.  That is why I made the purchase. I purchased the 64GB wifi model.While the Ipad is no expert at doing any one thing, it does them all to satisfaction (or better).  If you are a person who just wants a device to read books, this is not for you.  You might as well just buy the Kindle.  If you are just looking to type on this, it is not the device for you, you are better off with a netbook or laptop.  But if you are looking for an all-in-one device that is easy to start up, and has a long battery life, no cords hanging around to be plugged into a wall,...this is it.The only thing the Ipad does not do, is snap pictures and make phone calls.  With just my Ipad and my cellphone, I can do it all...play video games, play music, play videos, read books, view photos, surf the internet, snap pictures (my phone) and more...  I don't usually have a wifi connection in my area, but I have a portable hotspot anyway ($45/month through Clear...unlimited bandwidth), and I have the internet on my cellphone, so that's not a big deal to me, but it may be to you.  If you are relying on the internet a lot, a wifi only device is not the thing for you.  Wifi is not accessible in some areas.  You aren't ever sure you will be able to connect.  But, they now make a 3G model Ipad, where you can subscribe to a monthly service ($15/month I think) for internet access anytime,and almost anywhere (limited bandwidth though).  Again, I have internet on my cellphone, so it was not a big deal to me.  If you are relying on heavy internet usage with the device, this is not great, just good in that area, because it will cost you.When you see the Ipad, you appreciate the light weight, the beautuful screen, ease of use, super fast start-up, long battery life and how many things you can do with it.  I prefer to also have the other devices too, so that when I want something that is an expert in any one area, I can still use it.  But, if you want to conserve space in your bag when you travel, and you want to keep it simple...you have all you need.  I recommend the Ipad with a screen protector such as invisishield, and the apple carrying case.