I'm a medical professional, have an iPad1 and iPad2, and use Windows and Mac extensively.  24 hours ago, I decided to purchase the Blackberry Playbook.  In 24 hours, I've discovered the Playbook with the current OS2.0 is a hidden gem in this crowded field of tablets, and in this Apple-frenzied society.Playbook when it was launched in April 2011, did not fare well because the OS was not good.  In Feb 2012, it has upgraded the OS to 2.0, incorporating the functions they should have incorporated in the first place.  Had they done so, the tablet marketplace may be quite different now in 2012.When the New iPad came out in March 2012, I looked at the marketing.  "Retina Display" required all my apps from iPad2 to be upgraded to use the new display.  The upgraded apps have ballooned in size, such that my 32G iPad2 (only 3 months old) has less storage for media.  As much as I've been an Apple supporter in the past, the planned obsolescence with a new iPad coming out every year, means the product life will be only two years before one has to upgrade.  In this case, as apps continually need to be upgraded, and upgraded apps take up more and more room in the iPad, I will be forced to upgrade my iPad every two years because the 32G of today will no longer be enough in two years.Enter the Blackberry Playbook.  Hardware is ahead of its times.  Since 2011, the display has been superior to iPad, with 1080p resolution; the speakers are stereo, there are ports for USB and HDMI, and it comes with front and rear cameras.  Now with OS2.0, it's functionality is comparable, if not superior in some respects, to the iPad ecosystem."Browser" is fast, shows thumbnails of each webpage, and supports Flash.  The built-in "Messages" app will take care of multiple e-mail, Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn accounts all from one app.  Built-in Bluetooth allows for internet tethering to your mobile phone (if your phone supports it), so you don't need a separate dataplan for this tablet.  Those that use Blackberry can also use the Bluetooth to "bridge" to the Blackberry phone.  It comes with "DocsToGo" which allows you to create ".DOC" and ".XLS" natively; "PrintToGo" allows your computer (PC or Mac) to send files wirelessly to the Playbook, without having to use iCloud or Dropbox.I put the Playbook OS2.0 through its paces, and found it multi-tasks better than iPad (even with iOS5), so you can run apps in the background while performing other tasks in the foreground.One deficiency is that the Blackberry Playbook OS2.0 does not have native international language input support.  Apple definitely is ahead in this regard, at this moment in time, unless Blackberry rolls that out with the next OS upgrade.Playbook uses the entire surface - the display, the bezel - for gesture control.  iPad only uses the display portion for gesture control.The smaller form factor of the Playbook makes it easy to hold for a long time, for reading, or for web surfing.  The built-in HDMI allows you to plug it into a TV, without having to purchase an AppleTV for $99 or  an Apple Digital AV adapter for $39.The video and sound from the Playbook beats the iPad2; I haven't compared it to the New iPad.The New iPad 16G is $499, 32G is $599, and 64G is $699 (these prices are for the Wi-Fi only models)iPad2, 16G is $399 (Wi-Fi only); Apple no longer sells any larger memory sizes for iPad2.Blackberry Playbook is (as of this writing), 16G for $199, 32G for $249, and 64G for $299.  And if you need 3G or 4G, you can tether it to your smartphone via Bluetooth.Though Blackberry AppWorld has > 60,000 apps versus Apple's >500,000, what the typical consumer uses a tablet for, can be easily satisfied with the number of apps currently available in either app stores.  Granted, Apple has more variety (including their interactive textbooks), and more selection.  However, most people use the tablet to read ebooks, surf the web, perhaps video-conference, watch YouTube or downloaded/purchased video.  Considering the increased memory usage of the New iPad's "Retina Display", and the increased size of new apps designed to use the new display, there will be less storage available for media that use the higher resolution.If the consumer is vested in the Apple ecosystem, it would make sense to continue paying for the iPads.  Do be prepared for iPad obsolescence after two years.If the consumer can look beyond the sexiness of the "Apple" brand, and were to look at what we truly use a tablet for, the Blackberry Playbook is a clear winner.Just be prepared though... the packaging inside the Playbook's box, is not as sexy or sleek as that of Apple products.  I've kept my Apple boxes over the years.  Looking at the stack on my shelf, I'm realizing I've been paying a premium for those nice Apple boxes.( I do not own any stocks in RIM or in Apple )