I was not lucky enough to get in on perhaps the tech bargin of the decade, but picked the 32 GB up on the after fire sale market for let us say more. Glad I did. I wanted it because over the years I have had nothing but positive experiences with HP, I wanted a flash enabled tablet, and I was ok with the amount of apps out, and was (and am) hopefuly more would still be produced.First the tablet performance is remarkably good, and WebOS is a simply a wonderful tablet operating system easily rivaling Apple. WebOS uses 'cards'. An application starts up. You can then minimize it and it looks like an index card on the screen. You can keep a lot of cards open and go back to them whenever wanted. Or you can close the app by swiping up and it whoooses off the screen.I have played with Ipads 1 and 2 and the Touchpad is speedy. I also like the integrated search function. You type someone's name for instance and it will look through email, facebook, skype, and everything else on the touchpad. When I added facebook accounts, I liked that all my pictures and videos were available not only through the facebook app but with the picture and video app.I have had good luck with Amazon video on demand and Amazon cloud player works fine. Amazing screen, better than the Ipad 2. HD videos from Amazon look fantastic. Also an improvement over Ipad are the speakers. Clearly MUCH better. Brings a new dimension to video watching and game playing. The trade off though is a heavier and slightly bulkier machine. After enjoying the Touchpad, it is a trade off I am happy with.As for games. I have Gamelofts Ashphalt 6 HD. Awesome. Works great, looks fantastic, and sounds booming. Obviously the big downside to the Touchpad are apps. No question an Ipad blows the Touchpad away with apps. Now a much fuller and enjoyable browsing experience makes up for this quite a lot. But I will not lie that my Iphone has apps I can only wish for now on the Touchpad. But I am happy I bought it. Quick Office allows you now to create and edit word and excel documents. You can also easily display PDF. It actually makes the Touchpad a workable solution for an almost work machine on vaction for at least my needs.I also like the Box app. 50 free GB of virtual storage. The virtual keyboard is usable and nice. Overall the Touchpad is a simply excellent piece of technology caught up in the bizzaro world of IPad domiance. The IPad is also a great machine. If the Touchpad had a quarter of the Apps of the Ipad I would take the Touchpad without hesitation striaght up same price. As it stands how, it is a super fast, very pleasuarble web experience at home and out and about, with a few dozen already nice apps. Great performance, fantastic sound, great OS. When the next batch of fire sale comes out or even for the stablized prices now, grab one if you can. You will not regreat it.