I got my M200 several months ago and am very satisfied with it.However, I use it less than I had anticipated, so I only gave it 4 stars.Common Tablet Features - neat, but not much used.I enjoy taking notes in different colored pens, with the ability to erase notes written in "pen" and to add space between lines already written.  I use the Journal and the pen  for to-do items or short lists. For longer documents, I prefer to type.  While suring the web, I find it inconvenient to have to open the input panel to write the web address, and then to look for and peck the "enter" or "go" button. I have used a pocket-pc for a number of years and often attempt to use the same input shortcuts on the laptop which do not work.  I get confused between the pen input shortcuts on the tablet and the pocket-pc. I really love many of the "power toys" games that were offered free by Microsoft. I use my pen to play these games. So far, I do not use OneNote much.  It forces me to use a different methophore to organize my files (from many folders to a single, very large, binder).  This is really inconvenient for me because I have a lot of folders and subfolders already organized. I have reorganized one small project into a binder, but I don't think I will be transfering over more files into the OneNote format. I most often use the pen as a pointing device with full access to the keyboard in the "laptop" mode.  I find the pen easier when I am moving a lot of files around (especially in FrontPage).I have a fully configured desktop 2 Ghz machine at home with 17" LCD monitor and real keyboard.  The M200 is great, but does not match user-interface with a full desktop.  I do use it more at the office.Machine specific review:The screen has a bad glare in "tablet" mode when I am at my office where ceiling lights are directly over my desk.  Glare is not an issue at home where a table lamp sits next to the laptop.  All the colors seem to be washed out when I get a bad glare.  The screen is wonderful with a very high resolution when there is no glare. The pen feels silky smooth when it glides on the screen.  Keyboard is excellent!  Love the cushy bubble-like feel.  Audio recording is amazing.  It has noise-cancelling through 3 tiny microphones build into the screen bezel. Music sounds very good through plug-in headphones. Built-in speaker (mono) is loud and good enough for hearing recorded conversations.  It has a very extensive set of ports including an SD card slot.  It is very fast, even with modest memory (I have the Dolthan version).  Ethernet connection is fast (have not tries wireless yet).  Battery seems to last about 4 hours of continuous light use. Overall, it feels solidly and well built.  The hard disk made annoying, continuous, clicking sounds when I first got it.  But after I turned some processes off and twicked power save options (and windows has optimized itself) I don't hear the clickings as often.  I thought not having a CD/DVD drive might be a pain, but I found it to be easy to set up another desktop with a CD/DVD drive to share it on the network. I thought the 4.5 lbs weight might be too heavy but I find it to be not too bad.  I am glad I bought a hybrid instead of a slate model, since I am not using the pen very much.  Setting aside the tablet features, the M200 is a very well made high performance laptop with an amazing screen (in the right viewing angle).  But if I were to exclude the tablet features, I could have gotten a 2.4 lb laptop (Toshiba R100) or a 3 lb laptop with a built-in CD/DVD drive (Panasonic W2). So, I gave it only 4 stars, but I still think I made the right choice.  I may learn to use more of the tablet features in the future as I grow more proficient at it, and I use it occassionally now.