The first impression I got after stating my Prime for the first time was "WOoow". The problem is that feeling started to fade away and turned into total disappointment.Although the CPU is supposed to be powerful you normally get stuck in between apps and stuff like that. That is really minor considering that the Android is meant to run in different hardwares. Another point is the GPS which does not work without the dongle they have released later on. Ok ok it is a tablet, you really don't need a GPS when you have it on your smartphone.Three months after use, I have noticed two white spots on the bottom left/center of the screen. After couple of minutes researching in google, I had learnt that this is a problem A LOT of people are having with their primes. Whenever the screen is dark, you can not tell. But if you use your tablet for websurfing, kindle etc, you always have these annoying white spots in front of you. I decided not to send the table for RMA, given the terrible reviews of the ASUS support!Another two months on, I tried to dock the tablet to the keyboard and... NOTHING! Would be able to charge, but not type!!! After rebooting, redocking, etc etc. decided to take a look at the connector. basically one of the pins was a bit up. It probably got damaged after docking the keyboard. I look after my gadgets and I am sure I did nothing wrong with the tablet! After some more googling I found more people suffering from the same problem. This time I was really close to sending to RMA, but still wary....Last week after disconnecting the tablet from the power supply, I discovered that the connector was completely damaged!!! Although the connector really looked fragile and damaged, it was still charging.but I thought it was just a matter of days until the whole thing would get damaged! Finally I sent it to RMA!!!Anyway!!! After waiting for a couple of days, the tablet arrived at the support center and according to them it is a customer induced damage!!!! At the moment i don't know how much they will rip me off to get it fixed and whether it is going to be effective or not!In summary it is a nice gadget. But I don;t remember having an electronic device in 32 years of my existence that gave me so much trouble!!! All I know that was my first and last Asus!!! Gave the wife an Ipad! Although I don't like the apple products, I have to say that she is far happier than I am with my ASUS. I regret not buying the Samsung Galaxy Table instead! I have the phone and have been working flawlessly for two years!!!--------UPDATE---------I have just received my prime back from service. I must have looked younger than my little daughter..... I have to say that they seem to have done a great job with the Tablet. Ok ok they have charged me 28 euros for the connector, but the screen (white spots issue) was fixed within the warranty. Overall I am pretty satisfied with the customer service. Although the online status of the repair was a dreadful experience, the ASUS representative that contact me initially with the status of the RMA was very helpful by email and I had a prompt response. After receiving the tablet fixed and working properly (like new) I would give 4 stars for the customer service. Considering my initial 2 stars for the table I will raise my review to 3 stars, hoping that my tablet will last long enough.