I am super impressed with this tablet. My expectations were actually pretty low. I have messed around with various tablet devices for several years, and had yet to have a good experience. This tablet changes all of that. I love my iPhone and so I thought about an iPad but I don't need thousands of apps, nor do I need to be tied down to a specific software or service for multimedia content either. I also hate to pay big money for a crippled piece of hardware with no easy access to storage media.Back toi this Android tablet, first of all the hardware is amazing. The full size SD card slot works flawlessly, I have a 64gb card in there and I can store tons of movies, music and photos no problem. The USB port takes all of my USB flash drives as well as adapters for additional SD cards. That way, I can leave the internal SD card in there and still access photos on an SD card from my digital camera at the same time. The full size HDMI port and mini-usb to transfer data are usefull as well. The screen is great and the touch control is nearly perfect. The cameras are okay and work fine for Google Talk. I haven't tried to take any real photos yet, but I have a phone and camera for that anyway. The slight extra weight and thickness for such a full featured tablet is a no brainer, it is well worth the trade-off.Software is the other great thing, there are hundreds of apps, mostly free, to do just about anything you would want. One of the most amazing apps I have found is the ES File Manager. With this I can actually browse my windows shares on my network and copy files or even play movies and music directly with no special software or configuration. Another thing that blew me away was the included app to print to your networked printers. This also worked flawlessly, it is a trial, but I am definitely going to go ahead and pay for the full app.My only complaints are very nit-picky. The screen looks a little washed out, but only ever so slightly, just enough to be a tiny bit annoying, but not bad. In fact, if you fiddle with the brightness for any given ambient light it can look quite nice. I purchased a matte finish screen protector and that helped to boost the contrast slightly. Unfortunately, the screen protectors are very hard to apply and make text slightly soft. On the positive side, the screen protectors make the screen surface much more manageable in terms of not accumulating grease from your fingers and reducing glare. So, overall I think the matte finish screen protector is worth the few neagatives. As many have said, the power button is a little goofy, kind of hard to find and press, but once you get used to it, no big deal. Lastly, it does take a tiny bit of tech savvy to get around in the Android OS and get software to do just what you want, but nothing totally over the top either. I fully expected to have to root the device to get some of the capabilities I wanted but so far there has been an app for everything I would like to do with it. I did have to tweak ES File Manger to start from / so I could get to the mount point for the secondary SD Card but that took like two seconds, and very basic knowledge of file systems, so no biggie.Overall, I would highly recommend this tablet to anybody. If you want to get the maximum functionality from it, and you are not technically inclined, you may want to get a techie friend to help you tweak a few things. But, the out of the box experience is pretty amazing.