My review from another tech website, so do not be alarmed if you see it elsewhere... it's me! :)PROS1. Great form factor. A 7 inch tablet is just as important as a 10 in. tablet.2. Convenient to surf the web, watch Netflix or quickly check Facebook.3. Once the Android Market is acquired, games and other applications are easy to install.4. Up to 32 MicroSD addition.5. Capacitive Touchscreen!!!6. Charges quickly, usually less than 30 minutes-1 hour for full battery!7. My 3 year old daughter uses it effortlessly.8. Android 2.3CONS1. Battery Life is not short, but could be longer and really depends on what you are doing (e.g. Video will drain quicker than surfing the web). But I am still able to watch a full 3-4 hours of straight video.2. Only one speaker, but no big deal for me I add a speaker through the headphone jack, whenever I want it louder. I use the Coby when I take showers, sound is excellent and no need for anything louder. The newer Coby's have more speakers if you have the need.3. Unable to add newer Android OS unless you "Jailbreak" it.I normally do not write reviews, but was tired of reading people's poor reviews of this product and having had the product for almost a year I felt it was reasonable for me to write a review. Unfortunately, it may be too difficult for a few users, but it is not hard to add the most important part to a harmonious tablet experience, adding the Android Market. Once the Android Market is in place it is easy to check Facebook (unlike another commenter mentioned).Check YouTube on how to put the Android Market on the Coby Kyros. Join the AndroidTablets.net forum to learn more about your device.Yes, I watch Netflix on my device. I am using Netflix version 1.5.0 Build 360 and it works!Others have mentioned poor Wi-Fi. I am using a Linsky G-router with WiMax internet and by no means the newest router such as "N" and/or the fastest internet via "Cable" or "Fios". No problems. Add "Advanced Wi-Fi Lock Free", a free application from the Android Market and I have never lost a connection albeit I live in a small home of 1550 sq. ft.Other applications to add to your Coby should be "Cache Cleaner" and "Super Task Killer".Now for other useful software. I use the Opera Mini Browser for quickly checking Facebook, Ebay, Amazon, etc.. and Dolphin HD Browser for reading my web journals/magazines like Wired.com. SkyFire Browser may be suited to others preferences.Download a Youtube application for watching Youtube from your Youtube account subscriptions.I also can watch ESPN3 on the tablet, although rendering is not the best at times and may be due to my internet for streaming. When I watch "Replay" ESPN games, rendering is better.I also use Pandora, TuneIn and Shazaam for tunes.I use the Nook reader for ebooks or epubs.Games and other applications are limitless like Angry Birds and some coloring games like PicsArt for my child. I also have a Star Trek Soundboard to alert me whenever there is a new email... Love it!Anyway, the Coby Kyros fits my needs and is by no means an iPad or mid-range priced tablet. What it is though is an excellent first tablet with a small learning curve and once everything is in place... you can't lose for the $100 tablet arena of the Coby Kyros 7022.Just as a Footnote: I am a longtime Apple user; having owned a iMac G3, iMac G5, Macbook Pro and a Mac Mini. Apple is losing the 7-inch market and people do like using smaller tablets like myself. Android is a suitable and a well developed ecosystem. Thank you Coby for developing the Kyros and for providing an affordable tablet that fits my needs!UPDATE 3/20/12: I had my beloved Coby Kyros 7022 lock up on me.  The screen freezes and then restarts.  Fortunately, customer service was able to help me do a factory reset by doing the following:1. Have Coby Kyros unplugged.2. Hold simultaneously the Power button and the Silver-Front button, until you see an Android Logo.3. Count to 15 seconds, then press the Silver-Front button once more.4. This brings up the "Android System Recovery", using the top "Home/Menu" button, select "Wipe Data".Fortunately, I had all my applications saved on my computer and/or the Mirco-SD card.  I then re-added the Market.  It was frustrating not have any good piece of tech work, but thanks to the Coby Customer Service, I am back on track.  Lastly, it did take about 30 minutes to get Customer Service, but they were very helpful and courteous.