Pro: Dimensions, design, build & relative performanceCon: Lack of WWANConclusion: Given the minor annoyances about the lack of WWAN, low screen rotation and less than advertised battery life, this is the best slate PC available as of Q1 2012.Reviewer:  My main reason for purchasing it was to reduce my accoutrements for the road.  I am on the road ~40 weeks out of the year & my gear (laptop + iPad + phone + support cables and etc. ) for North America weighed in around 17lb.  For international travel, add another 2 lb.  I desperately wanted to pare down my stuff for the road.  Series 7 Slate replaces my laptop & iPad, which reduces my gear weight to 5lb for North America & 7lb for International travel.  When you are on the road as much as I am, that means a lot.Product impression:  It is beautiful and feels solid.  During initial configuration, it didn't seem to be stable.  After repeating the initial configuration twice, I applied the BIOS UPDATE, slate was rock solid. (Note to Samsung - Please do a better job of organizing the web site so that the updates are easier to find.)  Have not connected the slate to a large external monitor to test it as a desktop replacement, but then again, it was not the main reason for the purchase.Product rating as follows:Overall 4 - See comments belowFeatures 4 - Lack of WWAN (for now)Slate case has a slot dedicated for SIM, but was not active at the time of purchase.  Not a big deal since I can access the web via tethering to my android phone, however, it would have been a nice feature for someone like me.  I may upgrade to a newer model when the feature becomes available.Performance 4 - Relatively slow screen rotation & battery life could be betterSeveral reviewers commented about the relatively slow screen rotation (when compared to iPad).  This may have to do with Windows 7 limitations rather than the hardware issue.  When the Windows 8 becomes available, I hope that it will address the issue.  Another issue was the battery life.  Samsung's claim of 7 hours is bit optimistic.  In real world, I was getting about 4 hours, which was enough to get me from NY to SF or 2/3 way to Paris.  While power plugs (in business class) takes care of the issue, longer battery life is always appreciated. (Note: Overstating battery performance is an issue with all the hardware manufacturers, not just Samsung.  Caveat emptor...)  Having said that, I was aware of the issues at the time of the purchase and can live with the minor annoyances.Design 4 - Could use another USB portSlate has 1 USB port, which I understand, but why was the dock limited to only 1 USB port as well?  While simple USB hub corrects the problem, it is another thing to carry and remember on the road.Value 3 - Not for everyoneWhile I can justify the cost of the slate, I suspect that for most people with light e-mail and web surfing needs may baulk at the price. For majority of the people, iPad or android tablet is a perfectly viable option.  However if you need Windows hardware and not willing to carry around a laptop and tablet combination, this is the best slate pc available as of Q1 2012.