It was with sadness that I returned it - felt like I was returning the Future. But here's why:1) It was too heavy for me to rest comfortably on lap while lying down.2) I had to purchase GoodReader to see if that would work for the main reason I wanted an ipad2 (to dowload and read academic pdfs from a certain website and zip files from another speciality website). I should have done this to see if it was compatable, but by the time I figured this out I had already invested so much time getting this to work right and had had enuf.3) Similarly, i would have to purchase a stylus to see if I could find one that worked for me. I'm used to using wrist movments and finger movements to work for long periods of time - not upper arm movements - so I would have to use a stylus. was not prepared cause I thought my styluses I already have would work on the IPAD4) Worst onscreen keyboard I have ever used. You have to hit a seperate key to make numbers and symbols like @ appear, and then hit the key again to return to letters. Perhaps i'd get used to this, perhaps not. so for, not.5) Similarly, if you can't touch type with the keyboard (you can't, I tried) then why space them out so far from one another? or why not let it be modifyable depending on the needs of the user?6) in the app store the print is too tiny. Much to my surprise, I could not expand it in the usual way. I did not bother to see if there was another way to expand it7) there's something dizzying about the way it switches between screens.8) Apple's official position is that they will not support WIFI conncections that use the older WEP security. Their only advice is to upgrade to WPA which they are happy to help you with excpet they don't care about the problem that then my older two devices would not be able to connect...So if have intermittant trouple with wifi because of WEP, don't count on Apples help. It took me ages to access some firmware to upgrade, only to find that i can't use WPA.9)In the store, the Ipad I tried got so dim as to be practically black. that's what I want for the dim lighting i use it in. My unit does not get as dim as that one. It's probably ok though.10) The final straw was an irrational one I guess...I decided to take a break from figuring things out and watch some stuff from NBC. I had not realized NBC does not support IPAD. the shows are on hulu but why shyould I pay 8 bucks a month when I can watch for free on my laptop. Other people have commented that they are going to start watching more ABC. I would rather find a table that lets me watch what I want.11)and ok, one more, i would also like to upload files to a speciality website, but didn't check to see if there's an app for that...12) I hate all the going thru ITUNES, a behmoth that now sits on my laptop, though i'd probably get used to this.Overall, Apple is really great at creating problems and then offering to sell you an App for that (no usb, no Word, no excel, can't upload or download files etc.). This is great if your main purpose is to show things to people. Big screen and without a cumbersome keyboard in the way.I might try and IPOD touch. same idea, but lighter. so now i'd still have to get goodreader and try again...