The Dell Streak 7 is essentially the 7" version of the popular Dell Streak 5.Unfortunately, Dell chose to stay with the low 800x480 resolution of the smaller model, and they also picked a pretty lousy screen with a fairly small viewing angle range. The contrast changes so sharply with the angle of vision that it is unpleasant to use in portrait mode because you don't see the same things with both eyes! The problem is not as pronounced when using the device in landscape mode.The Streak features traditional Android hardware buttons: power and volume +/- at the top are physical push buttons; back, menu and home are capacitive backlit buttons on the right bezel. Sound is provided via two stereo speakers on either side. There is a standard headphone jack on the left, and on the right side you will find a full size SD card slot and a full size SIM card slot (for the 4G model) behind a little plastic door.Microphone and front facing camera are located at the top of the screen, and a rear facing 5MP camera with flash is in the back.Finally, the bottom of the case features a proprietary connector that can be used with the optional Dell docking station or the supplied USB cable and charger.Wireless connectivity is pretty standard with WiFi (802.11n), 4G (for the T-Mobile 4G model), and Bluetooth. The Streak has no problems connecting to my home and work WiFi networks and switches effortlessly. I'm not so impressed with T-Mobile's 4G networking offer. 4G is spotty to the point of being useless (I'm in the San Francisco south bay) and not competitive at $50 for a paltry 2.5GB of bandwidth per month. On the positive side, it's pay as you go and the Streak comes pre-configured with WiFi tethering software, so if you live in an area of good coverage it would be a worthy alternative to a 4G access point.Dell configures the Streak with its own desktop variation called Dell Stage. I was surprised to find it a very capable replacement to the standard Android desktop. Unlike the catastrophic desktop replacement picked by Viewsonic for its ill-fated gTablet, it doesn't try to do too much or smother the user in glacially slow UI goodness. It works quite nicely without getting in the way, kudos for that.PROS----* Ships with WiFi tethering software pre-installed, presumably with T-Mobile's blessing* Full size SD card port instead of the microSD port found on most Android devices* Flash for rear facing camera (don't expect miracles)* Front and rear-facing cameras* Built-in stereo speakers, decent sound (for such a small device)* backlit bezel buttons* Dell Stage is well thought out and pleasant* Relatively low priceCONS----* Proprietary connector. If you lose or break the cable that came with it, you won't be able to charge the Streak* Lousy screen. Not as lousy as the Viewsonic gTablet's, but almost. The 800x480 resolution just won't cut it for a 7" tablet sold in 2011, when the inexpensive and capable Barnes & Noble Nook Color comes with a gorgeous 1024x600 screen.* Poor battery life. I have not been able to get more than 6 hours out of it no matter what I do. Worse, even when configured for maximum power savings a fully charged battery gets depleted after a mere 2 days in stand by. That is just unacceptable.* Poor performance. I don't know why, but the Streak feels sluggish. A friend of mine who's an Android geek confirmed it to me and was surprised to learn that it was using a Tegra 2. It's not responsive like you would expect from a high end processor, especially considering it has comparatively few pixels to push around.* Compatibility issues: I own a Nook Color and a gTablet; both run Monsoon's Vulkano app without problems. I was unable to stream any video content (from the Vulkano) on the Streak. It streamed just fine from other sources (HBO GO, for instance)* Fairly heavy and thick.* Uncompetitive data plans from T-Mobile (for the T-Mobile version)CONCLUSION----------In my opinion, the Streak 7 is marred by many flaws, two of them fatal: poor battery life (particularly in stand-by) and poor screen quality. In the crowded Android tablet market, you can find much better devices for the same price.I expected better from Dell, and I honestly cannot recommend this product.