My wife bought the nook color for me last year.  I always felt the iPad was way overpriced for the what I want to use it for (portability, e-reader, play games, web browsing).  I was excited to hear that Amazon was releasing the fire and pre-ordered it on the first day.  It has been more than a week since I used it and I believe Amazon hit a home run with the KF(Kindle Fire).  I am mainly comparing with the nook because that is it's main competitor.  Here is a list of what I like and what needs improvement:What I like:Price.  The $199 price is awesome.  Everything you get on this device is worth more than $199.  Considering that Amazon is selling this at a loss is a win for the consumer.  You are getting the most bang for your buck from this device.Design.  I can understand BN wanting to create a unique look to the nook but in my opinion, the nook tablet looks ugly.  I prefer the kindle fire with the minimalist design.  The nook is bulky compared to KF.  I agree with some people's comment that the nook looks like a toy.Apps.  Much more apps on Amazon than BN.  I really want to see multimedia apps on the nook color but it is very limited.  I like the free apps every day on Amazon.  Many more programs and games on Amazon.Memory.  More than 1GB of usable space on KF over nook tablet.  I am glad I decided to go with KF over the nook tablet.  Yes, you can add a SD card on the nook but that increases power consumption and add more cost to the device.  Also internal memory is a lot faster than SD cards.  When I used the nook color, I never went over the 8GB and I really did not need the SD card.  With cloud storage and tight integration with the KF, you will get a lot more space on it.  BN made a big mistake by only allowing 1GB of user space on the nook tablet.-Much better music player.  The music player is a lot better that the nook.  Very easy to navigate, download music.  I put my music collection in the cloud and can download any songs I want to the KF.-KF has a much better interface that the nook color.  The top bar is always visible for all your content.  It is smartly design to work in either vertical or horizontal layout.  I like that at any time I can click on the home button on the bottom to go back to the main page.-The screen is beautiful.  Very clear.  The videos do pop on the display.  The problem with the nook color is the flickering display.  I understand the nook tablet also has the same problem.  I can easily read text on the KF and the games look very sharp on it.-Performance.  The dual core really helps with web page rendering, video playback and with games.  I always believe devices like this are a one app device.  It is not like a laptop where I am using several applications at the same time.  I mainly use one app at a time so the 512mb of ram is perfect for that.Books and e-Magazines.  I prefer the KF over the nook with e-magazines.  It has a better zoom function (text layout) that I can switch to over the magazine layout.  All the books I purchased for my Kindle 3 showed up on the Kindle Fire.  I like the night display so I do not have to use a reader light.Some issues to fix:-The touch panel interface needs to be calibrated.  I think in the next update, they should put in a setting to calibrate the touch interface.  Sometimes you have to press a couple times for the KF to register your input.-The silk web browser is not really that fast.  I tried it out but I do not see any difference in speed between the android browser on the nook and the silk browser.  What I did do is downloaded the Dolphin web browser on the KF.  Very fast, more features and the interface allows you to use the full screen of the KF. [The dolphin browser HD is 3rd party so you need to allow 3rd party apps on the KF in the settings].-The carousel on the main page should go away or allow the user to clear the history.  I never use it.  I also like to show off the KF to people but do not want to show what I am looking at or reading.  You should be able to hide it or clear the history.-Buttons.  I do miss having actual buttons on the device to control the volume.  The power button placement I read on other reviews can be fixed by turning the device so the power button is on top.  I also like doing that so my headphone jack is not hitting my leg while I listen to music while reading books.Overall, I think with some tweaking from Amazon with an OS update, the Kindle Fire is only to get better.  I remember when the nook color got better when they release the 3rd update to it.  I am a very happy owner of the Kindle Fire.