I bought my Thrive last week after much research into tablets.  I am a salesman who sells technical products to industrial users and my goal is to use the tablet as a presenter and to keep track of the volumes of literature, images and video that I use.  My needs are: Great graphics, snappy response, one-touch finding stored literature like pdf's and images and simple ease of use.  The Thrive is very capable of doing all of these, however the problem at the moment seems to be the lack of apps for the Honeycomb 3.1 OS.  There is not good launcher right now for Honeycomb--at least not on the level of the GoLauncher that I use on my android phone.  One must access files via a file manager and then click to open.  I am hoping to be able to put shortcuts on my home screen and click to open--can't do that now.  However, it is amazing what developers are doing and the creativity is impressive. It is just a matter of time before the developers catch up.I am very pleased with the tablet.  The SD card slot feature is so important for easy file management and flexibility.  The screen is great. Battery life is good. It feels robust.  Many of the other reviewers have done an outstanding job of listing features so I won't get into that.  However, I would like to save you some time regarding apps. If you decide to buy this tablet and you use it for sales or communicating ideas to others, the apps can make all the difference in the world.  Here are my favorites.1.  PDF Reader.  ezPDF Reader.  This is an example of what an elegant PDF reader can be.  Simply outstanding.2.  File Manager.  ES File Explorer. I need to be able to find files quickly and accurately.  This helps me do that.3.  Image viewer.  The two best that I have found are QuickPic and Just Pictures.  Both are good and easy way to organize your pics.4.  Office.  There are several good ones, I settled on ThinkFree Office because it is $5 cheaper.  Works fine.5.  Keyboard.  There is nothing like Thumb Keyboard.  This is a must.  I love this keyboard.6.  Video Player.  Nothing is worse than opening a video to show your customer your great solution and the sound is blaring or you can't hear it.  MX Video Player has gesture volume control and brightness that you can easily adjust upside down while your customer/presentee is holding the tablet.7.  Of course Kindle and Audible are musts if you are on the road a lot. Love them both.8.  I don't use the camera on this.  Get a Canon PowerShot S95 10 MP Digital Camera with 3.8x Wide Angle Optical Image Stabilized Zoom and 3.0-Inch inch LCD. You will not regret it.9.  Dropbox.  This is hands-down the best program ever invented.I am an early adopter for business and I believe that Thrive is the best choice for that.  I can get email on my phone and hotspots are plentiful so I don't really need broadband on this.  The only thing that I am really wishing for is a good launcher app.  I do hate the power cord that came with the unit--pain in the butt.  However, I am looking forward to the joy of not lugging pounds of literature around, while having all that I need available in my Thrive.  I believe the tablet has finally arrived in the form of the Toshiba Thrive.  Thanks for reading this.  Good luck with your purchase.