EDIT:  Now the product has been tested more in more depth.  My initial review still stands.  I have edited the review to include more content concerning features.  ThanksFirst off I would like to state that this product has now been tested for two days.  If anything changes my opinion of it I will be glad to update this review.When getting this package I must admit I was filled with anticipation and some level of worry.  This tablet is going to be used for both recreational and business purposes so it had to be capable of doing a large number of things.  At first glance I have to say it is a real beauty.  It features a slick and stylish design capable of impressing nearly anyone.  Mine was charged to approximately 68% when I received it so I was able to turn it on and start right away. It took me approximately 10 minutes to get it started and linked to my google account.  Here came my first surprise.  Already having an android phone it then proceeded to download my saved contacts and apps that were own my phone.  This saved me lots of time and was a big plus.Briefly I would like to list features of the Tablet and give a quick run down:SCREEN -Very bright and clear.  This screen is impressive to say the least.  It comes auto set to change the lighting itself but you can turn that off and set the brightness to whatever level you choose.TOUCHSCREEN -Aside from being bright it is also very responsive to touch.  For this part of the test I went to my father.  My father has larger fingers and usually has problems with small buttons or touch screens.  He was impressed at how easy he could type and not make mistakes on the device.CAMERA -This is a noteworthy camera.  I was able to take a few decent shots with it and saw no real problems.Edit:  Tested out the video chat feature and had no problems it is a reasonably clear image.BLUETOOTH -No problems at all.  It linked to my phone and I was even able to tether internet to the tablet.GPS -Now first I was concerned GPS applications for download.  However after a few times using it I have decided I rather like it.  Here are three reasons why!1) I bought a tablet not a GPS!2) There are various different apps available on the market that seem to enable offline gps support.3) You can start the Navigation while connected to WiFi and it will load all the information for a route and then it works perfectly.  I even managed to get it to reprogram the route by turning the wrong way once.  All in all it is just an added feature that is fun to use and can be useful if you pre program it at home.SAMSUNG TOUCHWIZ-Samsung has made a nice skin that overlays the natural Android design.  I found it both user friendly and rather fun to play with.  It took nothing away from the tablet, but added a few features that made it worthwhile!GAMES -Naturally I tried out a few games such as Angry Birds and others. This tablet played them with no problem and they looked even better than ever with a clear crisp image.MEDIA CENTER -I took the time to watch tv (Netflix) and listen to music (Pandora).  Both were clear and crisp in sound quality making the tablet good to use standalone. However Samsung also provides Ear buds if you do not want the entire room to hear what you are watching!PEEL -Edit:  Having first tested the remote on an old model tv I was unable to provide a clear picture of the features.  Now I have fully tested this features and I am impressed.  The Peel remote control offers an easy to use interface to change the channel, volume, or access menu.  Simply WONDERFUL.BATTERY LIFE -Honestly I cannot say much about the battery life of the product.  I charged it once and have used it off and on all day with little battery drainage.Edit:  Test and can now state that it held a charge for over a day with constant off and on usage.  It only showed a serious drop in life after watching roughly 45 minutes of netflix on full brightness.All in all the Samsung Galaxy Tablet 7.0 plus is an ideal tablet for anyone wanting to jump into the tablet market.  I would gladly make this purchase all over again.