First off, this re-seller got my Mini out to me on time.  Or actually, Amazon did (I think it was fulfilled by Amazon).The Apple ID numbers were covered up by a sticker attached by the re-seller.  I had to carefully peel this back so I could call Apple and get the smut on this particular device (more on that below).  I wanted to make sure that is was not a repackaged, used device, as others have reviewed, or that it was refurbished, or purchased over 30 days ago (and thus ineligble for AppleCare- also reviewed below).  I was able to peel off the sticker without ruining the plastic wrap, which would have made my return 'opened'.A corner of the box was slightly dinged in, and the plastic wrap on the box looked pretty well scuffed up, and definitely gave the appearance that it had been bounced around quite a bit.I did not open the box, as I found out from Apple that this was not actually a brand new device.I looked for but did not find a Mini sold directly by Amazon.  It appears (and an Apple Tech confirmed this) that Amazon does not sell Apple products, instead relying on resellers to take on that onus.  Is this all cause of the Kindle?What impact does that have on us?  In most cases, you will be ineligible for AppleCare. AppleCare is a huge benefit for most purchasers, covering all types of damage up to 2 years.  If you buy an Apple product from someone other than an Apple store, you can still enroll your device in AppleCare, but it must be done within 30 days of purchase, and it must be done at an Apple store.When you purchase an Apple product through Amazon, you are getting a device that in most cases was purchased by someone like us, at a BestBuy, WalMart, Target, etc, at some point in the recent past.  They then 're-sell' the device on Amazon.  Apple uses the origianl date of purchase from the Apple vendor (the BestBuy, Walmart, Target, etc) to start the 30 day AppleCare counter.  In my case, my Mini arrived on the 30th day from original purchase.  I had 3 hours to get my device down to an Apple store, get it enrolled in AppleCare, or else I would be SOL.  Fortunately, Amazon's incredible return policy enabled me to just go online and in a few clicks print out my free return label.As an FYI, Apple stores are the absolute best way to purchase an Apple device.  Not only are they cheaper (mine was actually the same price, with tax, as it was from Amazon), but they will spend over an hour with you getting it set up, linked to your iTunes, your iPhone, iCloud, etc.  It's an amazing experience, and it's all free with your purchase.I challenge Amazon (and Apple) to combine their two excellent companies and develop a strategy for online buying experience that actually enhances each other's products/services, rather than detract from them as they do now.