I ordered this product with Saturday delivery, because I was spending my Spring break in New York, and wanted this prior to my leave. I lost my iPod touch 5th generation in a cab a few days before;I became very sad and wanted to find a replacement, one which I know wouldn't be lost or as light. In this article, my goal here is to not provide a "full" nexus 7 review, but to allow you, the reader, to see several angles to it's use and why it could be a good product choice.The day of purchasing this, I also looked at the iPad mini and a few other tablets. I have used the Mini before, however the price of this, which is about $20-30 cheaper than Apple's choice, provides me with twice the storage and a 3G sim card slot. (more on that later) So, the iPad mini was out of line, though I can understand why some might find Apple's interface a bit simpler.I did not want to buy another iPod Touch, because I realized how light they were. While this could be an advantage for some, I realized how much easier it is to lose one. Personally, the Nexus 7 is a great product for the purpose of having something you are aware of all the time. It is light, however not light to the point where you cannot feel its existence in your pocket. While it will not fit in standard jean's, it will fit in a jacket or a larger article of clothing. For me, I keep the Nexus in my winter coat pocket for now, and as spring approaches, I will most likely find another place for it. The advantage to this is that you don't always need a backpack for carrying it, and you have the luxury of a larger screen.I chose the 3G version for many reasons. When looking at pricepoints, this is only a little bit more expensive than the 32 gig iPod touch 5th gen, and that could be thought of as a more direct comparison. Having 3G means that I don't always have to find a Wi-Fi access point, and can easily access information anywhere I am. For example, I used the voice search feature of Google Now to find a taxi in down-town New York easily, all without having to fish out a Wi-Fi spot.I went with T-Mobile for 3G service. For $25, I have 1.5 gigs of data, which could be thought of as unlimited, since T-Mobile will throddle you down to EDGE speeds (about 384 Kbits/sec) after you go over your limit. While At&t; has better coverage, the data plans are more expensive and can end up being quite costly, especially since it is charged per gigabyte you go over.There is no sim that ships with this tablet, but it is unlocked. It does have "4g", though this is *NOT* LTE - 4G here indicates HSDPA+ speeds, which is more like 3.5G (at least that is how the status bar reports it). Still, these speeds are great for even watching Netflix or streaming higher quality Spotify. EDGE is not as good, but can suffice if you're out of your data cap.As I stated, the 7 inch form factor is portable enough to fit in a pocket, yet the larger screen does allow for better web viewing and more space than a 3 or 4 inch device. The battery life is also excellent. I was on a 12 hour trip back home, and listened to Spotify the entire way through 3g;When I arrived, my battery life was at 21%. Admitedly, using Chrome feels more like browsing on a desktop thanks to the design and layout, though the smaller screen can be a bit limiting for full-screen website content. I also have an iPad 2, and compared to that the iPad feels super large now. Still, if all you want to do is casual web surfing, this is a great device, with enough screen real estate to facilitate most pages. The hardware does not feel cheap at all for what you buy. While it is plastic instead of aluminum (which are what Apple products are made of), it Is very nice and firm plastic. I also like how the device does not get cold when you hold it in your hands after not using it in a while. Aluminum, while could be seen as sturdy, does get cold quickly and tends to stay below room temperature.I find using Android to be more comparable to a computer experience than iOS is. You can customize it more with what you want on your home screens, and apps themselves support more functionalities. Take Spotify, which supports queuing on Android but not on iOS, a feature which is also present in the PC version.I do see potentials for this great tablet to one day replace most aspects of computing. Because it is a Nexus device, it has the advantage of getting the latest Android updates right away. You can certainly tell that the quad-core processor is very fast, and performs really well with opening apps quickly.Overall, this is a great Android tablet, and the best for what you spend. It Is cheaper than the iPad mini, and has 3G, double the ram (1 GB instead of 512), and double the storage. It is also bigger than the iPod touch, and includes 3G, making it a bit more enjoyable for movie watching and using it as a computer-type design for work. Consider getting a Bluetooth keyboard, should you wish to get actual typing or work done, though.