At this point in time I have a number of tablets including a Kindle Fire HD 7", a Mini iPad, a 10" Asus TF300, and an iPad 3. The Kindle Fire HD was my first 7" tablet. I got it because it was relatively less expensive than most of the other 7" tablets, and I wanted to see if I liked the 7" vs. the 10" tablet. As it turned out, I really like the size of the 7" tablet because of the portability, and it's less weight to hold for reading. Next I got the iPad Mini. I have to say that I love the iPads. Even though you are tied into iTunes for downloads, the applications seem to be more fully developed than most of the comparable Android apps, and the latest version of iTunes is really handy for organizing apps, music, etc, and can also be used to organize apps on the iPads. As many reviewers have already stated, comparing the IOS system of the iPads and the Android systems is like trying to compare apples to oranges.Even though I wouldn't part with my iPads, I do enjoy the Android devices. I posted a review of the 7" Kindle Fire HD shortly after I got it, and before I got the other 7" tablets including the Nexus 7. I love my Mini iPad, but I wanted a 7" android tablet. When I found out that the Nexus 7 was made by Asus, I was immediately intrigued because I have the Asus TF300 and have been impressed with the Asus tablets. I considered the Samsung Galaxy Tab 2, but after comparing the specs with those of the Nexus 7, decided that the Nexus 7 was the superior tablet.Having had the Nexus 7 for a couple of weeks, I have found that it is very similar to the Asus TF300 as far as quality, setup, and operation. Since the Nexus 7 is Google oriented, it has a sidebar on the right side that contains primarily Google links, and on the left side of the screen there is a bar for the voice Google search. I don't have a problem with this because I use many of the Google services. Aside from this, the home screen and other screens are completely customizable. Folders can be set up to group applications, and they can be placed on any of the multiple screens available. The system is very fast and responsive. I haven't gotten into rooting the system because I haven't had a need for it. I don't think the risk is worth the possible benefits.As for charging the system, it doesn't require anything special. If you have a mini USB to USB cable, you can connect it to any A/C adapter that you have that takes a USB connector. I use the same cable for charging my phone, the Nexus 7, my keyboard, and my mouse. It does not require a special charging cable as many of the other tablets do.As compared to the Kindle Fire HD, the Nexus 7 has much more flexibility, and is much more customizable. The screen of the Kindle Fire HD cannot be customized as  far as showing applications that you have available. The Kindle Fire HD has one screen that shows a turntable of apps that you have used, and they are shown in the sequence that you used them. If you try an app and don't want to use it on a regular basis, you have to remove it from the turntable. There is no organization other than the sequence that you open apps. If you remove an app and want to use it again, you have to go to the list of installed apps to find it. The same is true for videos, music, and anything else you may have on the tablet. In addition, Google android apps are not compatible with the Kindle Fire HD. So apps used are confined to the Amazon world. The Nexus 7 can use both Google and Amazon android apps.The only downside that I have found for the Nexus 7 is that not all Google android apps are compatible with this tablet, but they are for my Asus TF300 tablet and for my phone. This may change with future updates to software. I did buy this tablet with the AT&T; sim card, and bought it directly from Google because the price was less than the Amazon price. I would highly recommend this tablet for anyone looking for a versatile and high quality 7" tablet that doesn't have a huge price tag.UPDATE!!I have had the Nexus 7 for a couple more weeks, and it is still one of my favorite of the tablets that I have. It has all of the flexibility of the Asus TF300 tablet and the size makes it extremely portable. At least for now, this is one of the tablets that I wouldn't part with. The Nexus 7 is compatible with both Google apps and Amazon android apps. Whereas, the Kindle HD is compatible only with Amazon Kindle apps, and not even all of them. The apps must be specifically compatible for the Kindle HD. I also find it curious that the Kindle app for reading books is much nicer on the iPads and android tablets than it is on the Kindle. You would think that the Kindle app on a Kindle tablet would be superior to what it is on other tablets. Go figure.