I purchased my thrive on September 12, 2011. I am a Prime member so I began using the item on the 14th. I had been shopping for a device to do school work away from the house. I have a laptop, but its horrid battery life means that its mobility is trumped by the need to be near a wall outlet for any extended use. I needed a device that could be charged in the morning and would run on that charge for the day. I choose a tablet over a net-book after reading a blog of a man who claimed he actually was more focused working on a tablet than he was on a pc.Now having used the Thrive for almost a month with the purchase of an Office App, and the Logitech Tablet Keyboard for Android 3.0+ (Keyboard-and-Stand Combo  920-003390). I can see why he made that statement. If you are not familiar with tablet devices, as I was not. It can be a shock. They do not multitask the way a pc does. This does focus my attention on one task at a time. But, it was a rude awakening. I get more done than before and with the exception of missing some of the tools and ribbons MS Office has, I am happy with the purchase. I choose the Thrive because of all the ports and its user replaceable battery. Popping the back off of the device is not as easy as I hoped it would be though and you feel as though you might break it when you are doing it. I keep telling myself it was meant to do this and that if it does break, backs are on sale at Best Buy. But despite my fears on the issue it does appear to hold up to the process.Now, as far as the android market... As of the time I am writing this review there are still a lot of things yet to be made available to Thrive consumers. For instance, Netflix can not be watched on a Thrive tablet yet. After seeing commercials of people watching TV/Movies on their tablets I must admit this was a big let down for me. They do expect that this will change though. I am noticing that my Android phone has a considerably larger number of app choices over the tablet. So not everything is available. But that works both ways. I have apps on my Thrive that my phone does not have access to.The last subject I am going to talk about is the actual battery life. I have not done extensive tests, but this is my observation. When I use the Thrives auto-brightness selector (it gets brighter in lighter areas darker in dark areas). And I am doing a normal amount of work. I can charge my Thrive over night and it will last me the entire school/work day. When I get home it only has 1/4 charge left. This is absent of watching movies on it. This is mostly using the Office app (white screen) and Google+ing. I could see this being an issue for people who may end up consuming more power than I do.Over all I really do love my Thrive. As my fellow classmates and friends have noted, "It really has freed you from being tethered to the wall outlet." My demands are not complex or demanding on the processor. I have not experienced any crashes or resets. I use less than 20 apps. It fits very nicely in the satchel I have been carrying for the last year, so it does not require extra carrying capacity (for me). It does what I bought it for and very well at that. I do recommend getting a keyboard if you are planning on typing very much. The on screen keyboard is very accurate and possibly could be mastered eventually, but I find it slows me down too much.I have been recommending this product to all of my friends.