I ordered my G-Tablet April 5th 2011.  With AMAZON Prime - free shipping - received it in two days.  I highly recommend Amazon Prime.  For your $79 annually you get free shipping or really cheap next day service.  And buy one big ticket item during the year and it pays for itself.  I recently purchased a 50" Samsung HDTV. Shipping alone would have been about $180.  More on that later in my review on that purchase - For now back to the G Tablet... :)The GTablet is a good deal.  $279 for a 10inch tablet.  The stock operating system is OK but it is limited.  The power of this tablet is released when you root it and install a custom operating system on it.  Instructions are all over the internet.  Check XDA-Developers.com.  There is a forum section dedicated to the Viewsonic G-Tablet (and about every other device)Let me tell you about my experience with Amazon and my G Tablet.Like I said earlier - ordered it on April 5th.  Received next day.  Out of the box I suspected a problem with the unit.  For some reason the touch response was TERRIBLE! It would not respond to touches, swipes or other finger gestures that make these tablets so much fun to use.  After it "warmed up" for a while, the touch response was better.  But still not as nice and fluid as it should be.  I decided something was wrong after using it for a couple of days and reading information on the net regarding poor touch response.  I went to Amazon.com and selected "Return Item" from "My Account".  Amazon.com provided me a paid return UPS label via email and immediately processed a replacement shipment even before I shipped the defective one back to them.  This in my opinion is super customer service.  So I boxed up the sick G Tablet in the original packing and sent it back to Amazon by sealing the box, affixing the emailed label to the box, and dropping it off at my local Staples store (UPS Drop station)  Again - no problems whatsoever with the return process.  Thanks Amazon!Okay, so the new/replacement G Tablet got here in two days.  Un-boxed it, charged it up and started to use it.  What a difference!  The G Tablet operated just as it should.  And, the stock Operation System was okay.  Nothing special.  It is an Android environment.  But the G Tablet Application Market is NOT the Android Market.  Lot of Apps available on the Android Market are NOT available on the Viewsonic G Tablet market that is installed.  Also, there really are none of the loved (sic) Android Google apps that I like.  So - Went to XDA-Developers - found at ROM and rooting instructions (VeganTab and Clockwork Mod) and followed the easy instructions available on XDA-Developers.  Now I have a G Tablet that really works GREAT!My recommendation:  The Tablet Market is evolving.  Yes the iPad broke new ground and is doing well.  The Android Tablet landscape is in its infancy in my opinion.  It will evolve RAPIDLY in the next year or so.  Many new Android based tabs are coming out.  Motorola Xoom is nice, Blackberry Playbook (although not Android) is okay for RIM fans and others are cranking out Android tablets at breakneck speeds.  So, don't blow a lot of your hard earned cash on a $500-$600 tablet.  Get a Viewsonic G Tablet (about $250-$279 - shop around) Root it and install a ROM (VeganTab or CyanogenMod are my favs)You get a really nice Android tablet, front facing webcam, Full Android Market, latest Google Apps for a pretty affordable price.  Then in a year or so when the whiz bang super-duper tablets come out, sell your G Tablet on eBay for a couple of hundred bucks, and buy a new tablet.Okay - that's my opinion.  Take it for what it is -  enjoy...