I will not list all the Pros and Cons for the Toshiba Thrive, but wanted to add a little perspective to the comments concerning...Weight:Let's define it by comparing something common in the United States. The weight of coins. Specifically, the US Quarter, which weighs 5.67 grams.Based on Order of Lightest Tablet to Heaviest of the main tablets under discussion...Samsung Tab 10.1 = 565 grams.Apple iPad2 = 601 grams -- that's 6 US Quarters, plus not quite a Dime, heavier than the Samsung.Asus Transformer = 680 grams -- that's 20 US Quarters, plus not quite a Dime, heavier than the Samsung; nearly 14 US Quarters heavier than the iPad2.Toshiba Thrive = 725 grams -- that's 28 US Quarters, plus not quite a Dime, heavier than the Samsung; nearly 22 US Quarters heavier than the iPad2; nearly 8 heavier than the Transformer. One other note on the Thrive -- the Charger they supply weighs 9.4 ounces. Over half a pound. If it matters to you.So... take 8 US Quarters and hold them in your hand. I would put 4 in each hand if you want to get a "balanced" feel. All 8 in one hand tells you how much heavier the Thrive should feel compared to the Transformer if you are holding it with one hand. However -- and this can be a big HOWEVER -- none of this takes into consideration the effects of how that weight is distributed within the tablet in question. More weight concentrated in different areas might make it "feel" heavier than it really is. A good 20-minute session at a local store might answer those issues for you better than this concept.Screen Quality:Everything is a little subjective in the statements you'll read. I love the looks of the Transformer's screen. Not having it next to the Thrive to critique it, I could still live with the Thrive. But if you take on the idea of objective testing, you might want to visit Display Mate's round-up testing of many of the tablets you are considering -- not yet including the Thrive. Their conclusion? Samsung's is fantastic -- potentially the best on the market -- but is crippled by over-saturation of colors (meaning, it's not life-like) with no means to correct it. With a decent color control program, they feel it could be far better than all others. They would place the iPad2 at the top of the pack -- for now -- concerning color display accuracy. With the Transformer running a close third.They state that most people will be surprised to learn that their assumption that the 10.1 screens of these new Android tablets are much larger than the iPad2 is incorrect -- based partly on how you define the "screen". Part of the Android screens are all blocked by the Android System Bar, and the Aspect Ratios put their real estate quite a bit closer than you might think.I'm not an anti-Apple, nor an anti-Android individual. I'm still trying to figure out if a tablet of any kind fits my lifestyle other than as "a thing of interest" that I will abandon a few months from now. Like a Rubik's cube. Ideally, all I want is something to read a color magazine or newspaper on without having to pay $15 a month for each digital title, or to play with on the internet, or to watch the occasional YouTube video -- but I'd prefer doing that at 4G speeds. Samsung's 4G Tab 10.1 just launched at Verizon, but I'm thinking the Thrive tethered to my 3G phone would suffice, for now -- based on the crazy pricing for the 4G version and the additional service fees. No, I have NOT done this, yet -- so it may be a tricky operation. In fact, I have not decided on which Tablet to buy. If any. I'm leaning heavily toward the Transformer or the Thrive, but my decision is a little complicated because I already own an Asus Eee Netbook. What does surprise me is how many people will make a big deal about the Weight issue -- then immediately buy a heavy leather case to protect the unit. Or they'll buy the best-looking screen available -- then immediately cover it with an ugly screen protector that has bubbles and grit caught underneath. 8-)