Although this device is not the most popular tablet on the market (that goes to the iPad and then Samsung Tab 10.1) it is, in my opinion, one of the best.Pros -Full-size HDMI: Great for sharing photos on the go, just plug right into any TV and away you go. Great for streaming movies on the go. Ever been to a hotel and wanted to watch a movie but not pay for their overpriced pay-per-view? Bingo, HDMI out. Now, I haven't tested it yet, so I don't know if the Audio goes out...but I assume it does.Full-size USB: Plug in a mouse and/or keyboard and free yourself from the softkeyboard. Now, on the road the softkeyboard and touch screen are great, but again traveling and setup in a hotel room being able to plug in a mini-keyboard and mouse is a nice feature. There are some nice mini-devices out there that will fit neatly into a travel bag. FYI, I plugged in an old Microsoft Natural Keyboard Pro with a built in USB 1.1 hub and then plugged a mouse into the built in hub...both worked flawlessly. I tried an older Belkin USB 2.0 hub but it didn't work...could have been the hub though...it hasn't been the most dependable. I suspect newer USB 2.0 hubs would work fine.Full size SDHC slot: Being a DSLR photographer this was the MAIN reason I chose this model. My DSLR (Nikon D90) uses the SDHC chips and having the ability to pop the chip in the tablet and quickly start viewing photos is great. I know other tablets (iPad) have adapter dongles, but I really didn't want to fuss with accessories when on the road. I also ride motorcycle, so being able to travel light without a bunch of accessories is nice.Docking Connector: Again, if you're going to plug in a key/mouse and other devices it would be nice to have the option to decapitate the system and run with just the screen, leaving the rest of the salad behind. :-) Helps you turn the tablet into a full-fledged computer too. This along with a mini key/mouse combo could negate the need for a laptop to some.Screen: The screen is brilliant and very clear. No issues at all.Performance: The tablet performs everything fairly quickly, haven't noticed a lag. Now, that said it doesn't seem to be quite as snappy as the iPad at certain tasks, but not so much that you'd really notice (unless you're an avid overclocker or performance geek).Compatibility: I haven't found an app yet that doesn't work with it. Love the Amazon Free App of the Day!Replaceable/swappable battery: Carry a spare to ensure you have enough bug juice on the road! Let's see an iPad do that. Oh, sure you can get those carry along USB batteries...if that's what you want go for it!Cons -Power Supply: The devices uses a power brick as opposed to a USB charger. This means you have to carry a charger around with you if you're going to be gone longer than a day or two. The device does also have a mini USB plug, however when plugged into a computer it does NOT charge, so that's not an option.Cameras: The camera quality stinks. Haven't tried a video chat with the front facing one, but I suspect it'll be good enough for that purpose. Personally this doesn't matter much to me since I really don't see myself walking around taking snapshots with the rear facing (or front for that matter) camera...I always laugh when I see someone do this. Heck, my cell phone (HTC Desire HD) has a good enough camera (8PM) that I can take snapshots with and if I'm doing much more than that I'll have my DSLR. Again...I don't have a problem with it being a crappy camera...but some might.Thickness: Again, a preference thing. If you want thing then buy an iPad or Samsung Tab 10.1, but if you want the features get this device!Build: The case is made out of plastic and it seems a bit flimsy, especially the port covers. But I have it in a leather case so it doesn't bother me. To those who like the feel of the iPad or Samsung Tab 10.1 they may not like the feel of this. Again, go for what's important to you...for me it's the feature set not how cool I'll look sitting in Starbucks.Ice Cream Sandwich (Android 4.0, a.k.a. ICS): It's yet to be seen if this device will get ICS. I've read rumors both ways saying it will and won't...time will tell. Honeycomb runs great and I've rarely had any crashes...there is the occasional Force Close on an app, but honestly it's so rare that I can't remember last tiem it happened. Now, on my HTC Desire HD running 2.3.3 I get regular crashes. Bottom line; Honeycomb seems to be stable.Available Accessories: There are not as many accessories available for this device as there are for some. But, if you look you can find most everything you need. I see there's now a new keyboard docking station case available...I'm heading over to purchase! ;-)Power / Volume button location: ok, this is the one thing that is annoying. The buttons are in a hard location to easily just touch without looking. You'll find yourself turning off the device (sleep actually, not OFF) when you're trying to adjust the volume. As long as you tilt the tablet and LOOK at the button you'll be fine though.All in all, this is an awesome device! The Android device market (not to be confused with the actual Android Market) is rapidly expanding and more and more devices/accessories are hitting the streets daily. I'd buy this one again any day...the features are just too great. Hope this review helps.