First, we tried an off-brand "media player" device, which was five inches, as an alternative to the Ipod products/larger tablets that wouldn't be very portable.  Let me say we were more than disappointed with the off-brand media player and had to return it; it would not do anything that was advertised.  In any event, this was the replacement we chose; I actually chose it for my husband's Christmas gift.  Although he ultimately will be purchasing a higher-end, larger tablet with a larger processor at some point, he wanted a device which would allow him to watch movies, sports, use the internet and play games - this is absolutely perfect!  It is small, but the HDMI out feature that allows you to mirror on any TV with HDMI capabilities is very nice.  Most streaming video will play out beautifully using this feature on our 4" TV, so if we're at a house, or at home, we use it this way for everyone's enjoyment.  A note: if using Netflix, some films are harder to stream out than others using HDMI out; they play well on the device (small), but lose audio when larger.  This is a Netflix issue I am told by Netflix representatives, and is related to copywrite issues and NOT the Archos 43.  Out of the box you will need to obtain some software and a firmware upgrade, but this is very easy to do as I am a novice computer user and it took me about thirty minutes total.  The device IS FLASH 10 compatible; you will want to go and get the app after downloading the arctools application first, or your streaming will not be what you want.  My husband also enjoys ESPN and I know that you will need  Flash to watch most of the sports clips from this site.  Although this device doesn't come out of the box with the full Android Marketplace, you can go and download this as well.  We are using a 16g SD micro card to increase memory on here, and think this will last us quite a while.  For a bit more money, you can certainly start with the 32g SD micro - it will take awhile to use all of that memory if you are a casual user.  The audio quality is quite okay; much better than the off-brand device; not quite as good as a Samsung 5.0, but what to expect.  I am sure you can always purchase better headphones if you need an increase in sound quality out.  We are fine using the external speakers to watch TV episodes, etc.  We purchased an Amazon Basics HDMI mini (NOT MICRO) out cable for this (with a Sony Bravia TV) and it works great!  (with the exception of the aforementioned audio issue/copywrite issue with Netflix.)  For the price, this is amazing and does more than we expected.  As with any smaller device, you will need to monitor what you are running (which is easy to do) and shut down unneccessary apps, or you will lose speed, but overall, I give this five stars PLUS because it is so darned fun!  My husband is preparing himself for our little girl to steal it from him soon; she calls it Papa's little TV.  We highly recommend this product if you are not too tech saavy and want a smaller "tablet" with android OS and apps and mirroring capabilities with TV.  A Good buy.