I had been waiting for this for a while. I didn't want to spend too much money on a tablet and for the price and size the Archos 7 is perfect. If you are looking for something that will work like the Ipad this is not quite it, having said that everything the table is supposed to do like playing videos, music, pictures, reading books, ect. It does it quite well, and it only took me a few minutes to learn how to use it (even adjusting settings and installing apps) or loading media. I was looking for something that would give me a little more than an e-reader and this is exactly what I wanted. Unfortunately I retuned my Archos because there were several issues that I felt would not get resolved by simply exchanging the unit, because even though I'm not 100% sure from what I've been able to read, these problems may extend to more than one single unit. I really wanted to keep the Archos because I do like it a lot and because there isn't anything else out there to replace it with, I hope they come up with a better version of this tablet because I would buy it again.Pros1. Light weight, and the screen size nice2. Screen is very bright and sharp, very good resolution (but very reflective during the day) some people said they had a problem with the responsiveness I didn't feel like that was an issue3. The pre-installed apps worked very well I was able to watch videos, listen to music, and read books without having to install anything else.4. Battery life is not bad if I had to guess it is about as much as stated on the description5. The browser and AppsLib are pretty fast and the whole thing is easy to connect to a router.Cons1. The screen picks up a lot of glair during the day, not good for reading or watching a video outside during the day.2. This version of Android does not support the Android market, even if you download some apps from a different place they may not work with this unit.3. No flash player support, for what I've read there will probably not be any flash player on this item, unless Archos updates the OS which is not likely.( you can use the Skyfire browser but it is not an ideal replacement for flash.4. One issues with the hardware is that, the unit gets pretty hot relatively quick while using it and very hot while charging it which can become uncomfortable.5. My particular unit crashed with the first video I watched, I had to press the reset button to get it going again6. If you watch HD videos (higher than 720 dip the sound doesn't sync well7. It seems the tablet turns on by itself which kills the battery, and you cannot turn it back on even when plugged in, without pressing the reset button. The only reason I think it turned on by itself is that every time this happed the back of it was hot and I had not used it for several hours.