I was really drawn to to the iPad after playing with it at Best Buy. I had been waiting for a long time to see what kind of Android tablets would come out but finally gave up on hoping for one that would have the same responsive interface as the iPad and received one as an early Christmas present.I'm an art student and the thought was that I would be able to use the iPad to take quick color sketches and play video games on the go without toting my entire compliment of materials and a laptop around. In theory it seemed much better than any kind of tablet PC alternative since its small enough to go everywhere but big enough for me to see what I'm drawing. In practice though it really didn't work that well for drawing, even with top rated painting apps and a stylus. So lets break it down into pros and cons.Prosportable- not as portable as an iphone but small enough that you can stick it in your backpack or purse and take it most places.3g- you're not likely to find a better deal for no-contract 3g service even with the 2 gb cap.interface- lets not forget the sweet responsive interface, the primary reason that you're probably thinking about buying an iPad and the main thing that sets it apart from a netbook.Reading- at least for reading an ebook, the iPad is much more comfortable to read on than a laptop or netbook. the page flipping animation as well helps to capture that. Though the advantages over an actual paper and ink "book" seem to be negligible. It can hold a large number of them, and really, how many books do you plan on reading in any given day anyway?Games- lots of fun games right at your fingertips, most of which are very inexpensive.ConsGames - lots of drek right at your fingertips, most of which tricks you into wasting between 1 and 5 dollars on it.viewing angle- being flat, its really hard to see the thing and type or let it rest in your lap without some sort of stand or keyboard attachment. If you're going to get a keyboard attachment for it though... why not just get a netbook for half the price.functionality- the iPad certainly has all the pieces parts to be as capable, if not more so than a standard netbook but its locked down under the oppressive rule of itunes.  While many things are much easier and more streamlined than on a regular PC, other relatively mundane tasks, like transferring files or signing pdf forms, will have you endlessly trudging through the app store.  The phrase "there's an app for that" is truly a double edged sword.SHINY!! as appealing as the shiny surface is in photos, people will think you have some sort of condition when they see you bobbing around trying to peer around your own silhouette while trying to watch a movie on the thing.cost- this is a big one, at least for a student like me. The thing isn't cheap.  Realistically you can get a pretty good laptop for the cost of an iPad, even the cheapest 16 GB one, yet you can't get anywhere near the same level of functionality out of it.BOTTOM LINEI had one for 27 days, for the first 2 weeks it was the greatest, most useful device on the planet. The next week I complained about how my wrists hurt from holding the iPad up to play angry birds and. Then I converted a bunch of comics from cbr to cbz and then to epub for the iBooks app because the cbr reader app sucks. Then I just went back to regular ol' paper comics. On the 27'th day I realized Lenovo was having a year end sale on laptops and I could replace my defunct laptop with a core i7 machine for less than I paid for the iPad. Luckily Target has a 90 day return policy and let me take it back without even asking to keep the 15% restocking fee. I got cash for a present instead and spent it on something useful.Keep in mind, no matter how sexy it looks, its still a little computer and like every other computer it's going to p**s you off at some point.  If you MUST get one, get it from some place where it's easy to return, take it for a test drive. If you're like me and you find that it's beginning to spend a significant amount of time on the shelf, take it back. The thing is too expensive not to be using it absolutely every minute of every day for a full year. Tell them the WiFi doesn't work or something if they have a restocking fee.