I was given an iPad 2 for Mother's Day this year and it is truly one of the best gifts I've ever received! I have a large family, and every person here uses the iPad on a regular basis. It's been in use for the last 5+ months from morning until night and I am still delighted and amazed with it.I'd never personally owned a tablet before, or an Apple product, but we have multiple computers and all manner of electronic devices in our home and most people would consider me and my family to be techies. Because we have laptops and desktops and netbooks and smart phones, I didn't think that a tablet would particularly add to our level of connectivity or productivity. I was so wrong.Upon opening my iPad2, I was instantly struck by its thinness and its simplicity. There was just the tablet and a charger and a small, welcome pamphlet. I turned it on and it gracefully guided me through setting up my wireless connection. It offered me a tutorial, but I was too excited to bother with that. I was surfing the net within seconds because the interface is so intuitive.By now, there are loads of reviews that go into detail about the cameras and other hardware featured on the iPad2 so rather than bore you, I will focus on some of the real world ways this tablet has changed the way we do things in my home.As a homeschooling mother of a 9 year old, this tablet has made the best things about learning at home even better! The battery life is so good that we keep it with us all over the house. No need to worry about being near a power supply or booting up time or any of that. The iPad 2 is always connected, always ready. There are literally thousands of amazing apps, many of them free, that enrich my child's learning day. He is working on improving his handwriting and using an app that lets him write right on the screen! If he makes a mistake, it prompts him to try again until he gets the hang of it. Math, reading, journaling, science, anatomy, astronomy, geography, music - there's an app for that!Having the iPad2 has meant that whenever my son wonders about something or asks a question about something, we have the answers right in our hands. Remember when you didn't know how to spell a word or a definition in school? Remember how the teacher told you to go look it up? This is like that, only a thousand times better because there is no walk of shame past the whole class to the big dictionary. My son looks up things all day long just because he WANTS to!There are several exceptional music programs that feature an electronic keyboard. My favorite cost a couple of dollars and my boy is now playing music. It translates well, too, because I have a piano and he is able to play tunes he learned on the iPad on our full size piano.Of course, there are games, too. Lots of them. This has been a real boon when we go on road trips. Even though there is no wi-fi in the car, my son has loads of apps to keep him entertained until we reach our destination. No more asking "are we there yet"?I have a 15 month old granddaughter who is becoming very iPad saavy, too. It amazed me that even a young toddler quickly grasps the concept of icons and different apps doing different things. She actually knows how to turn it on and choose the correct folder to find the Fruit Ninja app and successfully launch it and play! There are several other games she enjoys, as well as some delightful alphabet games and story book apps. She also enjoys having us take video of her with the iPad and then play it back for her.I generally have it with me in the kitchen at meal times because I can look up a recipe and have it in front of me while cooking. Or I can watch a movie with the Netflix app while baking or preparing more complicated meals. If I didn't have a Kindle already, I would be using the Kindle app to read ebooks, too. Thanksgiving won't be nearly as tedious for me this year because of my iPad.I now take it with me when I travel instead of my laptop because it fits in my purse! I got a bluetooth keyboard to go with it so even when I need to type a lot, it's no problem (although the virtual keyboard is responsive and quicker to type on than you might think). I spent several days at a hospital with a friend and the iPad allowed us both to keep up with email, google for further medical info, and even watch a movie. I've discovered that there is wi-fi almost everywhere! (That's good because I didn't choose the 3G version.) My friend was so impressed that she bought an iPad as soon as she got home!Even though the device is almost fantastically thin and elegant, I would caution you to purchase and use a case all the time with your iPad. The screen is plenty tough but I have read many, many warnings about dropping it on one of it's corners, which results in the screen shattering. A case is good insurance and many of them feature the magnetic on/off, which conserves battery charge while protecting your iPad when you aren't using it.Other nice, but not essential, accessories are a protective screen film, a capacitive-style stylus, and an extra charger/car adapter. If you will be using your iPad as a replacement for a notebook on a regular basis, a wireless, bluetooth keyboard is nice, too. But other than a good case, the iPad2 needs nothing else to be up and running straight out of the box.Highly, highly recommended.