Most of the reviews cover most of the relevant aspects of this tab so I will just cover my experience quickly.  I have owned many of the tabs on the market- Ipad 1 and 2, Xoom, Touchpad, Kindle Fire, Original Galaxy Tab 7, Galaxy Tab 10.1, 8.9 and this.  I love the Ipad but prefer Android to IOS.  I also find the most important aspect of any tablet to be it's ergonomics- size and weight- which is why I am such a fan of these new Galaxy Tabs and, to a lesser extent, the Ipad 2.  My favorite tab so far is the Galaxy Tab 8.9.Physically this tab is the perfect 7 incher- I love it.  I could have held out for the 7.7 but as an owner of the 8.9 I am not sure the 7.7 is a good fit.  Anyway, this thing is snappier than the 8.9 and really nice in every physical sense.  The huge drawback, however, is the weak or buggy wifi.  I don't know if I have a faulty unit, but it constantly drops wifi in areas that have a strong or at least good signal with every other device I own.  I hope it is a bug or a faulty unit because it is an absolute deal breaker.  I will keep it for another week or so just to be sure, but there is a really good chance this thing is going back simply due to this one critical weakness.  What a shame.Update 12/04/2011So after further testing I have upgraded my first review from 2 to 3 stars.I didn't have a lot of time to play with it over Thanksgiving weekend and this past week I upgraded my router from a D-Link 655 to an Apple Airport Extreme.  The D-Link was a solid router for the year I had it but the Extreme is about 25% more powerful and allowed me to get rid of the booster I had in my garage.  I am somewhat suspicious that my 2 networks has something to do with constantly dropping the connection the on the tab 7 Plus so I put that criticism aside.  In any case, the Galaxy Tab 7 Plus no longer seems to randomly drop the wifi and while that is great, it doesn't change the fact that the Tab 7 Plus is the only device that suffered from this issue with the old router.  Furthermore, in testing with the Airport Extreme, the Tab 7 is still at least 1 bar (if not 2) less powerful than the Kindle Fire, latest gen Ipod Touch, Galaxy Tab 8.9 or Ipad 2.  I really want to love it because it is nicest 7" tablet on the market, but last night I was losing the wifi connection out in my garage- the same spot that all of the aforementioned devices had 2 to 3 bars.Clearly this thing has a less powerful wifi chip than many of its competitors which may or may not make a difference to you depending on the size of your house/ network.  If you can live with this issue it is the nicest 7" tab I have seen, but if you have a larger network and want reliability you might want to hold out for something better.  It is hard to say but for $399 it is a deal breaker for my needs and I will be returning it.  I take one and a half stars away for Samsung skimping on the wifi chip and I take a half star for it being over priced (I understand all the pricing variables but Samsung needs to find a way for this to be competitive- a $100 premium would be more appropriate).