After having had this tablet for the last two months, I wanted to post my thoughts of it.  I think this a great tablet and despite what other reviews have to say about it, its better to me than some of it's big named, higher priced competitors.  The pros and cons are:Pros:Weight-Too many people complain about it being on the heavy end as far as tablets go but I like the weight.  I don't feel like its going to break if I hold it or accidentally drop it.Ports-It comes with HDMI, USB and micro usb right out of the box...no adapters required.  I've even hooked up a 500 GB hard drive and watched videos from it, as well as a USB based mouse which worked.Sound-Its pretty loud when playing games but this is also a con (see below)Camera-While it's not a high end camera, it takes good pictures and records quality video.  It has a 2mp rear camera that also doubles as a video chat camera, and a 5mp front facing camera with flash.Cutomization-I like the fact that it is easily customizable to however you decide to set it up much like cell phones now with multiple screens.Battery life-On a single charge you can get a decent amount of use out of it.  If you charge it, and put it to sleep and come back later , or even the next day, you can expect to still have atleast 90% of your charge left.Price-Compared to more expensive tablets, you get more in functionality without having to spend more money on adapters.Cons:Power cord-This is absolutely ridiculous how short this cord is.  If you need to use it while its charging, be prepared to sit right next to the outlet.Screen freeze-I've occassionally had an issue with the screen freezing but I notice that it only happens when I haven't turned it off or left it in sleep mode with restarting for a couple of days.  When I resart it, it works fine.Sound- As I stated before, the sound when playing games is outstanding.  Whenever you watch movies, or videos, or play back any video you may have recorded, the sound drops off quite a bit.  Also the sound for recorded video sometimes sounds garbled even when in a small room and near the tablet.Resolution-The screen resolution washes almost completely out when outside.Overall, I think its a great tablet and I'd easily recommend it to anyone looking for a netbook, or even notebook replacement.UPDATE 03/14/14  While I still believe this is a great tablet, I can no longer say that I'd recommend it as a long term tablet built for everyday use.  The reason I say this is because about a year ago, the power/sleep button stopped working and whenever I plug it up, I can see the button light up orange to show it is charging, but the button can no longer power it on.  Additionally, I did research to try and see about getting it fixed, but came across multiple reviews of users being forced to pay for an item that should've been built a little better from the start, or the flat out refusal of Acer to either acknowledge or fix it.  As I said in my first review, I still think it's a great budget tablet for someone who is just getting into the tablet world (especially with all of the features it has), but the fact that the power button stopped functioning a little over a year into it, as well as the limited upgradeability of it caused me to replace it with a 4th generation iPad.