I have had this tablet since the beginning of November and have used it just about every day.  I find it a very powerful tablet that isn't too well known.1: Form FactorThe unique shape of this device is just brilliant. What first caught my attention about this tablet is the folded over magazine like design.  It is made of a black plastic that makes it light without feeling cheap.  The power and volume buttons are placed towards the top of the thick part, making them easy to press and find when first picking it up.  On the other side there is a headphone jack and a pull-out door that hides the micro USB and SD card slot. The headphone jack is on top so it isn't in an awkward location when you hold it, but this puts the SD card in a skinnier section.  I have pretty slender fingers but I still have a hard time pulling the SD card out.  That's the only downside I have really found with the shape of the Tablet S.2: ScreenThe 9.4 inch display on the Sony Tablet S is beautiful.  It just picks up so many fingerprints!  I put a ZAGG screen protector on as soon as I could because I heard how easily the screen scratches.  After just moments of using the tablet you will be able to tell that it picks up smudges like no other.  The colors come in good and it has very dark blacks, but the white an be a little yellow sometimes.  The screen also seemed to be very sensitive.  While scrolling through my apps it would sometimes open one when I used the tip of my finger.  It might be common in other tablets, but it took a little bit of getting used to.3: Software and FeaturesOne feature unique to this tablet that I find myself using on a regular basis is the universal remote feature.  They are super easy to set up and customize either selecting the remote from its vast collection or by programming it button by button.  Android Honeycomb (3.2.1) runs smoothly on the device and I haven't found too many gimmicks.  Sometime after being on for a long time things will start to lag a little, but is fixed by a simple reboot.Being a Sony tablet means that it is also Playstation Certified and comes shipped with the original Crash Bandicoot for Playstation 1 and Pinball Heroes, along with other games available from a custom Playstation Store.  They just updated it, making Coolboarders, Hot Shots Golf 2, Destruction Derby,Jet Moto, and MediEvil free.  All other games are only $5.99.  Hopefully soon they will allow you to use Playstation 3 controllers to play games.  The SD card can only be used to transfer media from the SD card to the internal memory, which will hopefully be fixed in the next update.  No word yet on whether or not it will be getting Ice Cream Sandwich (4.0)4: Battery LifeBattery Life is outstanding.  I am able to make it through an entire day of use on half of the battery.  The device uses a proprietary charger that clips into the bottom of the device. You can also get a dock that once it is placed into it, it will switch to alarm clock or gallery.  It drops smoothly into the dock as well.Overall I found this to be a great first tablet for anyone that loves Android devices.  It is unique and I find myself using it every day with no regrets.