I'm not going to lie, I bought this in the end of spring and wanted to be different and not be the person who chose an iPad or Asus Transformer Prime; I made a horrible mistake. I did not pay for an iPad 3rd generation because it was a lot more expensive excluding taxes. I didn't listen to my parents, and I opted for the 16GB version of this for $450. When I took it home, I was trying to make my mother feel like crap and told her how cool mine was and how it could do so many things her iPad 2 couldn't. But then things got complicated.It has a horribly huge charger which I couldn't stand for a minute! It was as thick as a typical USB cable and was huge on both ends. The screen was horrible. It has a lot of bleed, and to people who think it doesn't matter, the screen bleed is VERY annoying and distracting. I am not usually picky with screens but this one really looked like a photo of a black wall with spotlights coming from every edge. It was also not very bright. The display also felt like it was cheaply made with a thin piece of glass, and the back felt more like plastic though I think it's aluminum. It's also hard to find accessories for it. The battery life was mediocre, lasted around 6-7 hours and I don't even do video playback, music or anything that is power consuming. I used it to browse the web at about 20% brightness and the battery bar at the bottom dropped really quick.The positives: Android OS is very nice and customizable, it runs rather fast, the design is very thin and it's very light. I like the fact that you can use an SD card and it also has a cool file system (editing folders, etc) that iOS doesn't offer. I like the fact you can download apps from a browser and install it too, that is my favorite feature of Android.Extended negative experience: This product acted up exactly 2 weeks after I bought it, where the store I bought it from was already closed that night. The home screens were switching around, it was clicking on things on its own, it was closing apps; proved that the one I got was defective. Yeah I get that a lot of products come defective, but acting up after two weeks when I can't return it, I had to call Toshiba up and they had my case pending for TWO MONTHS before they finally sent me this 32GB model as an apology for my long wait.Okay, I should've learned my lesson from Toshiba electronics, considering I owned two external hard drives from them and they both failed in less than a year. Not only did I have to wait two months to get my replacement, but after I did, the retail value of this item went way down at electronic stores and even HERE on Amazon! I sold the device brand new, never opened to a buyer who demanded a refund and returned this item; value is now even lower. After getting the item back in mid-August and just sold it again a week ago, I now get another return request, and to keep my feedback at a good score, I accepted the return request. The retail value of this item got lower and lower the past months and I have been stuck trying to sell it; getting ripped off from classified ad responders who only want to give me $250-280 for this device. It's like it holds no value at all in the tablet marketplace.Point is: This would've been a great device had it not broke on me, and then make me come to a realization and then suffer months trying to get rid of it. It's a good tablet in terms of hardware specifications, it really is. But the form and build of it is weak, the screen is weak, and the customer service was terrible. I'm telling you, I am desperately trying to get rid of this item, and people deserve to know to stay away from Toshiba products. If you want to get rid of it, it will be difficult.I don't dislike Android, I just dislike Toshiba's products. If you are going to buy an Android tablet especially one that was as pricey as this, get one that is KNOWN for quality (Nexus 7, I guess Amazon Kindle counts too, and from what I know, Asus stuff are nice too). Don't opt for these less known tablets.. they will ruin your life.