I did a lot of research on this tablet before ordering it on Amazon from Woot. I read all about how the stock software was terrible and about the huge community that loves to root this device.I wanted to have a really positive attitude when first using this. It took six days for this to get to me. It was killing me while waiting for it to charge; waiting for that stupid light to turn green.So yeah... Tap N Tap sucks hard. It's ridiculous. And not having an Android Market? Come on! I didn't think it would be bad as long as I had the Amazon App Store. But no, it's awful. It's just shocking that Viewsonic allows this to be available to the public. It's like the PlayStation Network. It sucks.I decided to root this tablet. I didn't want to but whatever. I did. I now have VEGAn-TAB. Thanks to [...] . It's way simpler than going to the XDA website. I was so happy when I successfully rooted it. Maybe sometime in the future I will use CyanogenMod.Hopefully, sooner or later there will be a fully functional Honeycomb update. But for now, I am just happy to have a tablet that I got at such an affordable price.What I am most excited about is finally being able to read books and comic books, etc.. The first night I had this I finally got to comfortably use a media device in my bed before sleeping. It's a lot better than using a netbook. I don't have to worry about it getting too hot or the keyboard getting in the way.I do have a few complaints though. I think the spot for the speakers is pretty dumb. It's in the perfect position for my hands to block them when in Landscape Mode. Pretty stupid. When I plug the mini USB in, it doesn't go in completely. It looks like it's only in halfway. Same goes for the power plug. I'm afraid sometime in the long run, these will become loose. Another weird thing is that the volume button functions are switched. Usually on devices, the Volume Up (+) is on the left and the Volume Down (-) is on the right. When held in its Portrait Mode, I always think about how it should be the other way around. The Android buttons for Back, Menu, Home and Search do not light up when in use. Even my crappy HTC Droid Eris phone has its buttons light up and this thing only uses Android 2.1. Luckily for me, the VEGAn-TAB generously adds those buttons on the screen as part of the interface. Very smart. The charger itself is oversized. It definitely reminds me of [...] . It's not even a box. It's rounded like a stone.I don't mind the screen. I've read enough complaints about it, but I haven't been bothered by it. Done with that part.The battery life is pretty freaking good. Very impressed.Overall it's a great device. The hardware definitely shows in the custom roms and I'm psyched to see what else is out there for this. I took a star off for the ridiculousness of the stock crap. I took another star off because it made me go through the hassle of rooting it. I'm not the most comfortable with this type of stuff. My brother always did it for me with my gaming devices.I'm sorry if I have recycled all the previous complaints and stuff. But I do have one last problem with this. The screen is definitely widescreen or whatever like most phones, tablets, monitors, televisions, etc. But in Portrait Mode, it's too narrow. It's not like holding a book. It's more like holding a restaurant menu. It doesn't seem right but I'll have to get used to it.If I find any other problems, I'll update.