THE FIRST THING YOU NEED TO UNDERSTAND IS WHILE THIS IS AN "ANDROID" TABLET THE ANDROID APP MARKETPLACE DOES NOT SUPPORT NOR RECOGNIZE THIS DEVICE.PROS-The technology for the price is good. The screen is very low rez, the touch sensitivity is poor but it all fits the price tag. You can do stuff like browsing your email and the web and youtube just fine. A good e-reader with some extra toys.CONS-The WiFi is very poor. This is no surprise for the price but it can be a very big hassle. It will constantly drop you but it has no warning of any kind and the wifi icon will stay showing connected. You will only find out it has been disconnected if you try accessing the browser or application that needs internet access. It will lag out and after about a minute tell you "page not available". It took me 2 days to figure out what was going on because "page not available" gives no hint to what the real issue is - connection lost. Now the biggest hassle here is once this happens (my desktop has a 4 year old $15 wifi usb adapter and I lose connection to my wirles router about 25' away maybe once or twice a week and my tablet will lose connection from 5' away about once every 15 minutes) you will need to completely power the tablet off then back on to reconnect.-The touchscreen, while what you'd expect for the price, can be very non-functional at times. There is one time you're going to really start to notice this. Scrolling up/down pages. The sensativity just isnt there so when you go to hit the screen and hold and move up and down it will 4 outta 5 times think you've just clicked once and go to what ever was under where you clicked instead of recognizing a hold for scrolling. This makes a lot of browsing and even just setting changing very tedious and time consuming.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!-ANDROID MARKETPLACE. This is the big issue, and this should have been bolded and plastered at the top of any and all sales to do with this device. The android marketplace (android.marketplace.com) is pretty self explanitory, it's where you get all your apps from. It does not support any coby devices so right there alone cuts out your ability to download about 75% of the available apps including nearly all the major ones you'd want (facebook, messanger, any kind of sporting related ones etc etc). What you have to use are 3rd party marketplaces. There are 2 fairly large ones, the one installed "appslib" and one you can download, "slideme". However, Combined they don't equal a quarter of the apps available from the official android marketplace and again, the large and major apps are exclusive through the android marketplace only. On top of that, I've had my device for 3 days now and the Appslib marketplace has been down for maintenance the entire time. The Slideme is the smallest market and has mostly just little nick-nack like useless applications that the bigger markets wouldn't support. There is no word on if "appslib" will come back online anytime soon, no news or updates at all other than pages and pages of articles and forum posts about this happening on a regular basis.OVER-ALL-A good technology for the price rendered completely useless by a total lack of support. It may be an android powered device but it is not supported by the android developers making it severly crippled in it's capabilities. The only working functions out of the box are the internet browser and youtube and even then the poor wifi makes things very difficult.