I've had my Kindle Fire since November 2011, and decided after many months of use to finally create a review for it. Not only have I used it this long, but I also just had to work with Amazon Kindle Customer Service for the first time, and can now go into detail about my experience with them.To begin, I love my Kindle Fire. I use it almost every day for many different things. I surf the internet on it constantly, buy and listen to MP3s, play lots of application games, check the weather and shop on websites sites like Amazon, Woot!, eBay, Newegg and every other kind you can think of. I've paid my bills online using my Kindle Fire, watched YouTube videos, posted on online message boards and comparison shopped hotel rates. I have a beast of a laptop, that's super powerful I can take with me when I travel, but I never do. My Fire does everything would need it too, and so I just take it.The Fire has quickly become my main MP3 player, since I can easily buy music and download it right to the Kindle in just seconds. Any speakers using a 3.5mm jack with work with the Kindle, so even basic computer speakers can be plugged right into the Kindle Fire's earphone jack to play music. I have downloaded apps like Pandora and IHeartRadio, which stream live radio stations and also user created radio stations right over the Kindle Fire.When my son was in the ER a few weeks back, we had a terrible long wait to see the doctor (hours). The hospital had open wifi, so I pulled out my Kindle Fire, launched the Netflix app and logged in. He was able to sit and watch episodes of Sponge Bob while laying on the doctors office examining table waiting for him.Over the last 8 months, the number of times I have found a use for my Kindle Fire has been endless.The glass on the screen has held up beautifully. I am so-so about getting around to putting my Kindle in it's case, so sometimes it was protected, sometimes is wasn't. But it never broke, cracked, chipped or scratched. The touch screen remained very responsive and everything always loaded up quickly and without problems. The 7" design is perfect for caring around in a bag or purse, but still large enough to see everything on the screen well. I work every day on computers that cost thousands of dollars, but I'm still very enamored with my Kindle Fire, and would not trade it for an iPad. It's not the same thing, as they are very different devices, priced different, different OS and even different in size.When it comes to the price for what you get, it's outstanding. This is a three hundred dollar device with a two hundred dollar price tag. It just does so much and works so well, and has held up without issues that the price seems like a steal.***Amazon Kindle Customer Service***My recent experience with Amazon Kindle Customer Service is what lead me to finally decide it was time to do a review on the Fire. After 8 months of daily usage, I finally had one problem. Last week I was playing music from my Kindle Fire through a speaker dock that was made for the Fire. After a little over an hour of playing music, the speaker started sounding a bit staticy. I detached my Kindle from the dock and found it a bit warm. At that time there seemed to be no problems, and I used the Fire all week. Yesterday I was cleaning in my home and placed the Kindle back into the speaker dock to again play music from it. After about and hour and a half of playing music, the speaker started sounding as though the music was skipping. I went over to again pull my Kindle out of the speaker dock and found the screen frozen and pixelated. I held the power button down on the Fire for a long time, to do a "hard reset" so it would shut down. After powering off, it never came back on again. The back of the Kindle Fire was warm, and it seemed as though something inside had overheated and caused the device to stop working.After trying most of the day to get my Kindle to begin working again, I finally called Amazon Kindle Customer Service. I spoke with a very helpful rep who after hearing what all I had done to try and get the Kindle to power back on, deemed the unit dead and informed me she would be sending out a brand new replacement unit, at no cost. I had never bought any protection plan for it or anything like that. This was just how great Amazon Customer Service was. I've paid for service plans for other electronics with other stores, that in the end just flaked out on me as soon as I needed any sort of help. Amazon on the other hand, went above and beyond to help me. Knowing I can get customer service help like that makes all the difference in the world when I'm deciding what company to buy something from. It's an outstanding device and the customer support that comes with it is stellar. The Kindle Fire is a 5 star product backed by a 5 star company.