I've been hesitating for a long time to break down and purchase a tablet. I've vacillated between the various brands (Android Vs. iPad) and just couldn't justify the cost vs. features I would actually USE on a consistent basis to justify the investment. I primarily use my laptop along with my EVO phone. I also read a lot, but still prefer the old fashioned paper model known as a book. My husband then declared he wanted a tablet to surf the web and watch movies; I was on a mission to find the right one.I didn't need a tablet with a ton of fancy, and very unlikely to be used features, but one that focuses on the important features (web & movies) I want. It was imperative that the device DO THEM WELL.When Amazon's Gold Box deal offered reconditioned Kindle Fires @ $139.99 I decided to join the tablet crowd by ordering one.  I was slightly concerned because essentially "reconditioned" means used and perhaps even defective, but at least I could return it within 30 days if there were any problems.  Right out of the box, this Kindle has been outstanding.The one thing I did do before it was delivered was to go to YouTube and watch various Kindle Fire tutorials that demonstrated the basics of how to turn it on, navigate through the features, and how to use the controls. Once I took it out of the box (looking spanking brand new), I had a basic understanding of how it worked.  I pushed the button, swiped the screen with my finger, and it was ready to go. Since I watched the tutorials, I knew how to get it connected to my home wifi without a hitch. There is, however, a user manual located in the Kindle that's easy to access. We were also easily able to connect to public wifi.I downloaded a few free books and I found the text to be easy to read. Another nice feature is having a dictionary preloaded .  If I happen to come across a word that I do not know the definition, I simply hold my finger down on the word and the definition pops right up on the screen. I have to admit, that's one nice feature if your reading something that contains challenging vocabulary.  I read a few children's books using this Kindle and though I thought that this is a unique way to expose children to books, I don't think it will ever replace a nice picture BOOK.The picture is clear and razor sharp; the touch screen responsive, and the colors vibrant.If you have an Android phone, you will find the operating system in the Kindle Fire familiar as well as the formatting.  My husband uses a Samsung Epic and being the non-tech man he is, he was able to learn to navigate through the features and download aps with ease.  He's been able to do exactly what he wanted: websurf and watch movies on a portable device.  Granted, it's a Kindle so it is set up to encourage consumption of Amazon products, but that's not an issue for him.My recommendation is that before you purchase any tablet, be clear about how you intend to use it. If you plan on using your tablet beyond basic personal use, perhaps Kindle Fire isn't for you. Also understand that the screen is seven inches and is on the small end of tablet size spectrum.  If you want access to hundreds, or even thousands of aps (though Amazon is getting more everyday), Kindle Fire may not be the appropriate tablet for you.  It operates exclusively on wifi and 3G internet access is not an option. This Kindle is also small on storage, but you do get free Amazon Cloud storage with your purchase.Overall, I'm very happy and satisfied