As a current iPad owner I was interested in getting a smaller 7-inch tablet and I was interested in getting the Android OS as well.  I realize comparisons between these two devices are fairly meaningless but I think there might be some cross shopping by some people.  If you're interested in a "turn key" setup that works right out of the box, this probably isn't for you.  The eLocity has many features that are essentially waiting to be used but aren't currently ready.  There's a docking port on the bottom, but there is no cable or connectivity to a PC yet.  There is a USB port but you can't connect to a PC at present either.  There is a SD port, but that functionality is not ready yet, etc.  Also, the stock ROM runs fine but there is no Android Marketplace so your choice of apps is limited.This might sound like a bunch of deal breakers but they're really not -- provided you're willing to tinker under the hood a bit.  If you visit the XDA developers forum, you can download a ROM that allows access to the Marketplace and offers a few other tweaks.  With that, the user experience is better as you can download a much wider variety of apps and that's what makes the device fun and useful.Otherwise here's my list of hits and misses:Hits: compact size fits the hands pretty well and is easy to carry; battery life gives a true 5 hours of heavy use; HW is pretty spectacular (dual core processor, Adobe Flash, expandable storage); fairly short learning curve; HDMI output; decent sound; new ROMs available about once per month; user community is making some pretty slick apps and many of them are free; easy email setup (supports Gmail, hotmail, and exchange); fast browsing on the web -- you can tell the HW is a step above all others.Misses: control buttons are essentially invisible in low light; no GPS so apps that use that function will either fail or not work properly; power cord is on the bottom which makes it awkward to hold when charging; no Marketplace unless you want to reflash using the XDA development ROM; some of the apps out there are simply resized "phone apps" like Apple has for the iPad but quite a few of them won't work properly on the tablet so beware.Bottom Line: The iPad is more polished and -- arguably -- easier to use but if you don't mind tinkering a little, the eLocity and it's superior HW work really well and should keep the device current for the rest of the year at least.  Assuming Android 3.0 gets released for the eLocity, that will probably make it even better as the HW can certainly handle it.  Looks like lots of room for growth for this tablet.*** be sure to get a micro SD card as you'll need it to reflash the machine should you decide to upgrade the ROM.  Might want to buy two cards since that's where the user supplied music, pictures, and video get stored and you'll have to erase it prior to an upgrade.