Update to this review 06/04/12:I have had one of those 180 moments where I leaned to the A510, but now prefer the T305 (I have both at the moment):1. The right side heat of the A510 is getting annoying.  Even viewing PDF files results in very warm to hot on the right side.  The Excite barely gets warm even when playing 3D games.2. The USB location on the A510 makes having the nice feature not practical.  Having it on the bottom is pure stupid and flipping the tablet upside down still makes using it awkward.3. After having the 305 a few days I really ntocie the vertical lcd array lines on the A510.  The Excite does not have these.4. Touch response is better on the Excite5. Having a 128GB sd card formatted to exFAT works well and better than expected.I am returning the A510 and will keep the Excite.  Very ironic.EndI appreciate the Asus 300 and Prime are also good tablets, but the 300's build is flimsy and needs a special cable for data transfer.  The Prime has weak wifi due to the panel design, so IMO it is a current match between the Excite 10 and the Acer A510 (I am putting the Excite first, since this IS the product page for it):Build = Excite.  I thought the A510 was built well, but the Excite is a work of art and design and has Gorilla glass.Comfort to hold = Tie.  The Acer feels better to hold and grip, but the Excite is lighter and does not get hot on the right like the A510 can.Performance/Speed = Excite, but barely. Benchmarks are a tad higher and seems to have a little better response.Display = A510 (but subjective).  The contrast is better and no light bleed around the edges that the Excite has.  Some may prefer the slightly warmer color though.  Still, both are 1280X800 and neither in the same league the iPad 3, but no others are.Sound = A510.  Fuller sound and better stereo effect, plus output to TV sounds better for surround sound.  Both tablets have sound features that need activation for better sound.File system = A510.  My 1TB NTSF drive works great and can play 1080p MKV movies from it.  The catch is can not charge at same time, so good the battery is so huge.  I also had a Toshiba Thrive before and like the Excite, third party apps did not work well with files.  Comic apps would not delete files either, so had to use the stock file manager.  A510 works with everything thrown at it, but constrained to the file manager on the Excite.Ports = Tie.  Excite has full SD slot (nice), but the special connector is needed for charging.  No special connector needed for the A510, so easier to find other charging options IF you forget or lose the charger.  You are SOL if you misplace the Excite charger connector.Battery life = A510.  No contest here.  About three hours longer with similar medium and heavy use (Web browsing, stream Netflix, Amazon on demand, local video, gaming and comic reading).Though both are nice tablets, I give the win to the A510 due to better battery life and file management.  That said, the Excite is a nice tablet.Added:  I wish Toshiba (and other OEMs) used the file system same drivers as Acer.  Mobiletech review mentions this too, so not just me going crazy.Added 2:  Both have real good wifi and another plus for the A510 is 16gb more internal storage for the same price as the Excite.