I have been waiting for this type of system for quite some time. It's light weight, easy to navigate, and I love the ability to use the touch pad with or with out the Styles.  The delivery came sooner than expected.  I did approach the unit with some doubts, but after being able to program and compile my applications in C++ using the styles all my doubts where removed and far exceeded.  I still cannot believe I do not need the keyboard to program with.  It is simply amazing.  Another thing I liked about using the styles is that the system can read script as well as print.  I will say, for me, that buying an ASUS product was the toughest sell, but the product is quality.  Never bought any of their products before and I am actually purchasing a second one for my father who also thinks it's a great piece of technology.PROS1) Styles - One of the main reasons I bought this type of tablet.  I like using my hands, but for some tasks a styles is more appropriate.2) Tons of RAM - 4GB is a good amount for a tablet.  I don't think many have that amount.3) Can do Developement work on it - YES.  I run Windows SQL Server, VS Studio 2010, VS Studio Express, phpDesigner 7, and Office 2010 (which has a neat pen function on the Ribbon).  I can also run command line functions.  I could really see a Network Admin on the Beach while monitoring his network using this.4) Ability to Lock and Unlock Screen - When you turn the tablet, it can change the display orientation.  To lock the screen into position is a simple switch at the top of the screen5) Can Expand disk space by 32GB- Adding a RAM card, you can expand the disk space, which is limited on my system at the moment to 64GB6) Accesories - I really liked that it came with a keyboard and Case that allows you stand the unit up and type (Though I have rarely done this.  Most of the time I am on the couch programming in a Lazy Boy)7) Button on right side - System has a button that lets you page through the applications you are running. Very kewl IMO.8) Video is premo - I am not a movie buff, but I took the time to view You Tube Videos and The Lord of the Rings movie on the system.  I was very impressed.9) Anything USB will work - Keyboards, Mice, Microphones, USB Keypad, USB Hard Drives, etc... Basically, if it runs on Windows 7, it runs on this system.Things to note:1) 64 GB is not much by today's standard, but I have an IOMEGA drive that holds all my information.2) There is an HDMI hook up I have not tried, but I believe you can actual hook it up to a monitor.  Will be testing that this weekend.3) Playing Titans of Chess Rocks - Need not say more....CONS1) Windows Home Edition - I would of liked to see it come with Windows 7 Professional or Ultimate as I now use this to run my Business from, do things at my Day job, and use for school work.  Not sure if that is a CON, but I am a tech so I like more tech oriented software.2) Display Orientation - When Changing orientation, the screen blacks out for a 1/2 second.  Not a game changer, but it would kewl if it just rotated.  Not a hardware thing I would expect.Will Edit this as I experiment more.  I have had the system 2 weeks before writing the review.