Edit 20110314: I no longer recommend this to anyone. This product is Version 1 running Android 1.5. The new 7HT is Version 2 running Android 2.1.[...]The 7HT is the fourth Archos product I've owned. Aside from the Gen 1 Jukebox, 5IMT amd 5IT, I purchased three 7HTs.  Two as gifts for friends. Both my friends are technical types, not your average Home Owner to whom Archos markets the 7HT.Personally, I am very pleased with the 7HT.  It does everything I wanted it to do.  However, I'm a retired techie and I found workarounds for flaws which would hamper the average Home Owner.  I'm also a moderator on the ArchoFans Support Forum and focus on the 7HT forum.Flaw 1:As delivered the Archos 7HT cannot create new folders.  This flaw prevents using the 7HT as a Digital Photo Frame with the supplied App - Photo Frame.  Photo Frame treats folders as "albums" for displaying slideshows.--Workaround: Install an App like ES File Explorer which can create new folders.--Conclusion: Works fine for me now.Flaw 2:Archos provides the Aldiko eReader.  I downloaded two books before I installed an 8G microSDHC card.  After I installed the 8G card Aldiko "lost" the books I downloaded previously.--Workaround: Don't use Aldiko before you install a microSDHC card.--Conclusion: Works fine now and I have over 100 epub formatted eBooks in Aldiko now.Flaw 3:The Archos 7HT has an Unexpected Wake from Suspend every two hours.  I had a drop from 81% battery charge to 18% after 4 hours and 36 minutes when I had the Screen Timeout set to Never.--Workaround: Installed FastBright app to switch to a minimum 5% screen brightness and set the Screen Timeout to 1 minute.  With these settings I've experienced only a 3% to 5% battery decrease.--Conclusion: Works ok now. Only a firmware update will eliminate the Unexpected Wake from Suspend.Iffy:Out of the box Video playback did not work for all the videos I tried which did play on my PC under VLC and on my Archos 5IT. Some folks at the ArchoFans forum have no problems and others have plenty of video problems.--Workaround: Convert videos via a PC program. I've found one group of settings which work and am still searching for more.--Conclusion: Works ok for me since I'm more interested in eReading and less in video playback.Note 1:The 7HT does not support video out despite what you may read at Amazon or elsewhere.Note 2:A USB adapter, micro A male to A Female, is required to use the 7HT as a USB Host for thumb drives, USB keyboards, mice, and powered USB hubs.  These adapters are difficult to find as not even Amazon has any.  The USB receptacle on the 7HT is micro AB and the supplied USB cable is micro B for USB client mode.Note 3:Out of the box the 7HT has no support for WiFi file copies.  An App like ES File Explorer provides this.Note 4:I doubt if Archos will provide additional firmware updates to correct the "flaws" I mentioned above. They outsourced the Android development and are working on the new Gen 8 software.Note 5: (Update 20100923)In mid-September Archos did update the firmware. While I've seen no corrections for the "flaws" AF forum members and I have found the touchscreen to be more responsive and satisfying.Conclusion:If you're an average Home Owner and want the 7HT to "work" out of the box, I'm afraid you will be disappointed.  If you have a gadget or Android or techie background the 7HT should work for you and at $200 is a great value.  I recommend you join a forum like ArchoFans to get the most from your 7HT. For example, recently one of our ArchosFans members got the Google Android Market working on the 7HT.Allen