It's very strange why HP pulled the plug the webos hardware.  My only hope is that another company makes hardware for the webOS.I can't say enough good things about the HP touchpad 32.  I've been using it for the past 3 days and it's so cool I don't want to put it down.The webOS is so smooth. I was holding off a while to get a tablet, but I finally dove in since I really liked webOS on my phone and I didn't want to miss an opportunity to have a webOS tablet.I must say that being an owner of both HP/Palm and Apple devices, they both have good attributes.  Apple makes very high quality hardware and it shows with their products.  I will agree that the materials of an iPad are 2nd to none, but HP has come a long way and the quality of their hardware and its on par with their business laptops.  As far as Oss', webOS is a far superior OS than IOS.  It's smoother, it allows true multitasking.  It's truly an elegant experience.Apps Apps Apps.  That's all anyone talks about these days.  I've heard all the complaints about how webOS doesn't have any apps. How Android and IOS own the app ecosystem.  While webOS doesn't have anywhere near the apps as those two, but they have a good amount and more importantly, they have almost all of the apps I want.  How many difference apps do most of you actually use on adaily basis?  I can only think a few they don't have that I want, and if people would stick with webOS, it would only a matter of time before they were released.For those of you who have ever owned a webOS phone, you will be shocked at how much nicer webOS is on this touchpad.  They made some great refinements and added new features on 3.0Pros:Very fastGreat browser with Flash!Multitasking Cards (one of the best parts of webOS)Beautiful screenBeats audio with full stereo speakersTouchstone (inductive charging is one of the best innovations that HP has - once you use it, you can't go back to the wires)HP says it is committed to keeping and improving webOS and the app catalog.Cons:Smallest app catalog of the threeHP claims to not be making any more devicesGood luck finding oneI am bummed that HP only gave the touchpad less than 2 months.  It was starting to gain traction with  marketing campaign as well as user reviews starting to see the true power of webOS.  They could have priced it a bit lower than the iPAD to build up its user base and get people to see how good it really is.  They also could have kept up with the hardware a little better, but in any event, hopefully a company that can bring hardware quicker to market will get on board.Now that HP has fire saled the rest of the touchpads, I hope enough people give their honest opinion about this OS.  I'm sure you will agree that it's quite an amazing experience.--Kevin