After reading about 300 reviews, I went ahead and decided to make the purchase, although I kept my expectations to a minimum. After thoroughly reading the product description and becoming as familiar with the fire as possible so I can be aware of the things it was capable of doing, I decided it would be a good fit for me.This is my first tablet so I'm unfamiliar with them in general and I also don't have the web on my phone and don't have apps available so I'm pretty new to the tablet/app world. I've had my kindle for a few days and I have played with every feature it has to offer. If you are thinking about buying one, and are one of those delusional people who think this is going to replace an ipad or other devices, get your head out of your butt and fully read the product description.That being said, I really love my kindle fire. I was able to easily connect to my wifi, the update went off without a hitch and I was pleasantly surprised at the display. It is very lovely! Rich in color and detail. It had all of my books already loaded onto it, and just like everyone has said so far, everything that you've read, games you play etc is front and center for everyone to see. This isn't a huge problem, unless you have some... interesting items in your library. There are also subcategories at the top you can click on that will bring up only books, only apps, only music, etc. I found the touch to be sensitive enough that you don't have to press too hard on the screen, but not too sensitive. The web browser loaded pretty quickly, Netflix videos and hulu tv shows weren't interrupted by loading pages, and when scrolling down the page I didn't find it "catching" or anything like that. As long as the page is fully loaded scrolling has been pretty smooth. I didn't find typing on the keypad to be too difficult, but I do have slender fingers. Men might have a problem with this, but it just takes some time to get used to. I have found the storage to be sufficient, and I really like using the cloud. With the help of Amazon uploader, I was able to upload my entire itunes library to my cloud and I've downloaded a select few albums to my actual device. Playing games like angry birds, fruit ninja and others are pleasant. The graphics are great, the color is vibrant and there aren't any issues with it lagging.Things I don't like about the fire: the charging cord is short, just about the length as my cell phone's charging cord. If you are the kind of person who gets a headache from too much computer time, this device will bring on a headache.  Although you can turn the brightness of the screen down, it's not the same as e-ink but I've found that holding it at a particluar angle cuts down on the eye strain. The only other negative thing for me, is the fact that viewing magazines on the kindle is frustrating. It's difficult to read and magazines have so many size notes that it's frustrating to take the time to read them with the kindle. So I'll stick to my regular subscription, but this is a very minor inconvenience.All in all, I'm very happy with my purchase.