Let me preface this by saying I bought my Xoom at Target for $399.99, which included a free case.  I did not like the case, so Target refunded $35 and I effectively bought the Xoom for $365.  At that price point, the Xoom is very, very hard to beat.  This is a 32 GB machine, with a slot for harddrive expandability and 3G/4G capability and mini USB and HDMI output ports that do not require a propietary cable.  All the other hardware specs are as good as competing (and more expensive) models.  At the initial offering price of $800 it's easily beatable, and at the current $500 there are other formidable options.  However in $400-$500 price range, all other offerings are 16 GB not 32 GB.I won't go into the iPad vs. Android tablet comparisons.  Apple makes a great product, but their closed business model has too many drawbacks for my needs and wants.  I absolutely abhore having to go through iTunes for everything, and with the lack of expandability the iPad was off my tablet list.  16 GB of storage is not enough and I am not going to pay $650 for a 32 GB model.The Android app space does have it's issues with fragmentation and not knowing which apps are best suited for tablets, phones, etc.  However, I am willing to suffer through some of the growing pains in order to have a more open and useable hardware platform.  The Android Market place has it's issues, but there are TONs of great free apps and it's improving everyday.With that said, I love the Motorola Xoom.  I agree with many of the reviewers that the display is not on par with iPad and Samsung tablets.  It's no slouch either.  On axis it's just as good in my opinion, but off axis viewing suffers.  It took me a return to get a Xoom with a display that I liked.  I am wondering if Motorola has second sourced displays and if some Xoom's have better displays than others?  I was not happy with my first one, and took it back.  I am more than happy with my current Xoom.  I will say that the Xoom display does not have the 178 degree off axis viewing angle of the IPS screens on the Galaxy and Asus Transformer.  However, for the large majority of viewing angles the Xoom display is very, very good.  The Xoom does have Gorilla Glass, so that is a huge plus for me.I tried the Asus Transformer, based on the positive reviews online, however I took it back after seeing backlight bleedthrough and having sensitivity issues with the touchscreen.  Both of those issues seemed to be common complaints of the Transformer.  I have not had any quality control issues with the Xoom.  Overall, the Transformer seemed like a nice machine, but the touchscreen sensitivity issues (having to press multiple times to register an action) scared me away.  Reading that this was not an uncommon thing kept me from considering it, despite the positive reviews.The speakers on the Xoom are top notch, compared to other tablets.  They are rear facing, but that hasn't been an issue for me.  The build quality on the Xoom is also top notch.  It is heavier than other tablets, but I do not mind that at all, and it is not an issue.  Thinness, thickness is not a big concern of mine.  The Xoom is plenty thin and comfortable to hold.The one drawback is the power cable.  It is proprietary and looks to be undersized for mechanical purposes.  I talked to the guys at Best Buy and they said they have not had alot of issues with the port pins breaking, etc.  Online, a few people have had some broken charging ports, but most of those have been due to accidents.  There does not seem to be a widespread mechanical problem with the charging port.  The advantage is that charging times with this port (it charges at 12VDC) are very fast.  The Xoom does not charge via the mini USB port, for better or worse.  Many models do not charge via mini USB either.I opted against the Samsung Galaxy because the 10.1 inch models do not have SD slots and have 16 GB harddrives at the $450-$500 price range.I have been very happy with my Xoom, and at $400 I don't think there is a better tablet out there.  I did sacrifice off axis viewing, but on axis the display is splendid.  If Motorola had used IPS display technology this tablet would've been homerun at any pricepoint, at $365 it's a steal.  Very solid machine.