I love it!I knew going in that battery life would not be as good as my wife's Asus Eee Pad but it is still plenty long enough. I primarily use the thrive for web surfing and email, and it works great for that, lasting a full day before needing to charge at night.I got the 16GB version and haven't noticed any need for memory expansion. however the full size SD card slot is a great feature to have, as are the full size ports. Some folks have complained about the LED lights on the frame but they don't bother me at all.Netflix works well on this device for those of you who like to watch TV and movies on your pad. But he speakers are a bit lacking. I'd recommend good set of external speakers or headphones if you are going to use it for movies or music.Typing on the 10" screen using the android keyboard is easier than I thought. Still not quite as easy as a real keyboard, but transitioning from a tiny Acer notebook keyboard was easier than I expected. Still, I would like to eventually get an external bluetooth keyboard for it.I've plugged in a wireless USB mouse and it recognized it immediately. Copying and pasting in android is a bit difficult (for me) using the touch screen, but the mouse makes it a lot easier. If you plan on using this to make or edit documents I believe a real keyboard and mouse are going to be essential. But for quick emails, messaging and forum posts (recommend tapatalk app) you could do a lot worse.I also was not put off by the thickness of this tablet. A lot of reviews gave it a hard time for it's thickness but it still beats a laptop any way you slice it.The dual cameras are nice enough, though I'd like to see a bit more thought put into them. This isn't a problem unique to the Thrive. It seems that all of these all-in-one android devices could use a little work in the camera department. I'd like to see a real camera flash like you'd find on a point and shoot pocket camera, and I'd like to  see a bit higher resolution, and more user control over aperture, shutter speed, and ISO. I take a lot of product pictures for my little hobby business and a better camera built in would simplify things and reduce some clutter in the office. Again, this isn't a Thrive gripe, just a technology gripe in general. I know that the big reason they don't put great flashes is the battery life they consume. So why not add a dual AAA cell battery port separate from the rechargeable internal battery? This can then be used to power the camera flash without taxing the main battery, and allow you to include better camera features. (Make it so the port can charge NiMh AAAs.)It's my understanding that the hardware is capable of running Ice Cream Sandwich so I'd like to see Toshiba offer an update to that OS version.Another thing that drew me to this particular model is the user replaceable battery pack. If you use this every day for a year your battery pack will have lost quite a lot of it's initial capacity. It's nice to be able to just order a replacement.And finally, another general thought about android, I love that it is so much simpler than windows! If you are thinking about getting a computer for your grandpa, mother or aunt who managed to live in a cocoon during the last 30 years, this is going to be the easiest OS to learn. A far better option than trying to teach someone windows from scratch.