I will first say I love the Thrive and though I never thought I would find a need for a tablet, I have been impressed. My main reason for choosing the Thrive was it's ability to expand the memory with the SD card slot and the USB connection. This feature alone makes the Thrive heads and tales above all others. I won't get into too much of the other nice features as there have been enough said in other reviews here that say it all and of which I agree with.This is what I was not aware of when I purchased the Thrive and I did not learn through the reviews I did read. First, iTunes will not work on the Thrive. It's Apple's way of trying shut out the product. So I need to convert all of my music and videos I have on iTunes if I want to use it on my Thrive. There is software out there in the $30 range that does this and I did get it, but so far it hasn't worked on my laptop. I heard good things about the software but right now I don't have a solution to converting all my iTunes material.The second is, I have not found a portable HD that will work with the Android OS. I purchased the Seagate GoFlex thin HD and it did not work. I contacted Seagate and they told me they don't sell an HD right not that is compatible to the Android OS. I also tried a Western Digital My Passport HD and it did not work. I'm waiting to hear from WD to see if they might have developed a driver so it will work with the Android OS. But the bottom line is, I have not found a portable HD that will work with the Thrive. I would hope a portable HD will be developed soon.The SD slot will take as much memory as you want. I purchased the Lexar Professional 128GB SDXC card and it works like a dream. This card is very pricey right now, but increased my memory 8 times more from the 16GB internal memory.I have tried several different sizes and makes of Thumb Drives and they all work, from a 4GB to a 32GB. So despite the fact a portable HD has not worked yet, the are still plenty of options to expand the memory with the Thrive that other tablets do not.Another surprise to me was how heavy the Thrive is. I don't consider it a negative, but it is the price you pay for having all the features the Thrive offers.The external speakers volume is louder than I was lead to believe in other reviews. The sound is stereo but it's not much better sound quality than the external speaker on the iTouch. With quality headsets, the sound is awesome. When watching a downloaded movie, the sound lets me really feel the movie and hear all the little background sounds. I was really amazed.I have just started to look at MS Office documents and so far they do open but it did not work too well with PowerPoint. It opened the document and I could see the text but not the pictures in the document. Also the document was not laid out as it should be, the text was scattered but readable. I don't know how else to explain it but I couldn't use it the way it was. Word was a little better but not by much. There is a learning curve getting use to the Android OS so it could be me not doing something right. I need to try this feature more to better understand it. On the other hand PDF files worked great.Overall I'm happy with the Thrive and look forward to increasing my uses for it as I get better at using it.