Lets get out the bad news and why I took off a star. It is heavy, the camera is a joke, limited Apps, IE6-like browser, and WebOS is dead.Otherwise, the Touchpad is great. I got it when the sale price was hot. Upon receiving it, I was as happy as I was when I got the first iPad (which I no longer have). After the first week with it, I notice how useless, unpolished, and limited it was compared to even my iPhone. All the hardware inside is great, but nothing to take advantage of it. After a month, I barely used it anymore.The OS was slow. The browser stutters and lags. Playing video on the browser was limited to standard Youtube quality with jitters. The PDF reader had no resume or bookmarking feature, so reading books and manuals was impractical. The video player lacks good codec support, playlist, and could only resume one video at a time. The only thing it can do well is view picture, play MP3 loudly, and browse simple webpages.Few months went by and things started to get better. WebOS had an update, whaa =0 The OS overall runs smoother now and browsing webpages was more tolerable. I still cannot play 720p video, but regular SD quality was smooth. Flipping through webpage didn't stutter anymore. So fine, I can use it as an OK web browser.Now that WebOS is open source, people are trying to fix what should be there. The PDF reader now has auto resume and bookmark, and this was a big deal. Now I can carry loads of PDF books and textbook on the Touchpad, and it's a breeze to bring them out for reading. I have also set the overclocking to 1.7, which is about 130% of its normal speed. I do notice the speed difference, and the battery still holds up well for 1-2 days of moderate use. I can load up quite a few large PDF files 1000+ pages, 800MB+, and shuffle them in card view, with other stuff open. No problem!The two must have Apps are Advanced Browser and Kalemsoft player. Advanced Browser will help you browse better on the touchpad, and have better feature like tabs and quick access gestures. Kalemsoft player is for playing other codecs (.avi, .mkv, .mp4, etc.) and can resume on all videos, it is still in beta and VERY buggy, hold off on the purchase.The device also comes with 50GB of cloud storage using box.net, which became more useful than I thought. The speakers on this thing is better than most laptops I have used, and perhaps the best speakers you'll find in a tablet made in 2011. This is the best tablet OS you can get for comparing documents or books. The card interface comes in handy when you have to compare information side by side. Email, .doc, PDF, webpages, etc. can be swipe side by side in card view. iPad needs an App for that! However, WebOS is going to fall far behind as iOS and Android is getting polished substantially.The overall design, shape, texture, and hardware is better than the iPad 1. It is actually like having a giant iphone 3GS, which has a great shape. Holding the Touchpad is much easier than holding the iPad 1. Glass and plastic feels better than glass and aluminum, especially in cold weather. Since it is not as tall as the iPad, the Touchpad feels less likely to "fall backward", thus easier to hold. Imagine holding a square board and a rectangle board, the square board (Touchpad) is easier to hold. Overall, better grip. However, all the upcoming tablets will be far lighter. Example, the iPad 2 obviously beats the Touchpad design in all aspects.Final thoughts: few weeks ago, I was considering getting a small notebook, but after finding out how much the Touchpad has improved, I diverted my decision. The Touchpad maybe heavy, but it is still far lighter than many notebooks out there. With the Touchpad, I don't need to boot up, I can still multitask, use the internet, chat, and do all the little things. All with great battery life, even after maximum overclocking. For me, it easily replaces any ultra portable laptops out there in terms of value and convenience.Thanks to this Touchpad I will be holding off any purchases until Windows 8 Tablet comes out! If you got the Touchpad for 99/150 then it will help you realize if you need a better tablet later on or not. As of today, I believe the Touchpad should be worth about $250, but that will quickly change when the ICS tablet starts going mainstream and even less when Windows 8 Tablet appears. The Touchpad works okay for what it can do. I will continue to use it everyday until something revolutionary comes out.UPDATE (1/16/12): Patch 3.0.5 was released. Good to know HP is still supporting the Touchpad. It supposed to have small speed improvements. The Adobe Reader patches are not broken. I lost the ability to overclock, but that should be fixed soon. The Touchpad is still very usable without overclocking, I might not even needed actually.UPDATE (2/26/12): I was able to install Android ICS as a second OS on my touchpad. It is still in alpha, but the only thing that seems missing is browser flash, the camera, and USB file transfer. Otherwise this thing runs Android super smooth, WAY faster than WebOS, with overclocking features too. For example, my textbook would load page by page on WebOS, while on Android ICS it loads continuous pages! Also, I have already downloaded a ton of stuff on the Android Market. The battery life still holds very well.