Got the HP Touchpad for Christmas.  I ordered it myself.  Oh my god what a slick device and operating system!  The Touchpad has a bunch of apps and I can't understand anyone saying the app catalog is small.  I was all set to install Android but I may not or will hold off on this for a long time.  HP really screwed the pooch and discontinued this product.  Maybe they should have lowered the price some, instead of bailing out, but I'm so glad I got this for what I did.  My wife got a Xoom and I got the Touchpad.  I would cry if I had to trade with her.  It's that good!  Next year I want the Touchstone charger.  It's on my wish list.  Thanks HP you really made an excellent product!Edit: 12/27/2011 Am I the only one noticing that this thing does not pick up finger prints on the screen.  Been using it alot, since Christmas Day, and the screen is still clean.  I have the HP Custom Case on it so prints on the back aren't a problem either.  Totally happy with the Touchpad and WebOs.  I know Android can be installed but I just don't want to.Edit: 1/29/2012 Still loving my Touchpad!  HP still does updates to WebOs and this makes it better.  The App catalog keeps growing and I have no problems with the ones I purchase or get for free.  This device should have not been discontinued.  I have had to clean the screen some but nothing like the Xoom.  I tried Android but deleted it because of some problems and I really love WebOs and now clean and slick is is.  Android Ice Cream Sandwich is available but I really don't care right now.  As for cracks around the speakers, which are awesome, I have found none.  I am a careful person with all of my devices and wonder if some of the problems others have aren't from tossing the device around. Boy do I want the Touchstone charger!Edit: 6/21/2012 Still loving my Touchpad.  I have installed Android and enjoy the multi boot option.  Still no issues.  Oh yes, I did finally get the Touchstone charger and it is awesome too.Edit: 11/26/2012 Took it to work this weekend for the first time and really enjoyed the battery life watching movies, reading and listening to Christmas music.  My wife hardly ever uses her Xoom but I really enjoy using my Touchpad with Webos and Android through I hardly ever use Android because I really enjoy Webos on this Tablet.  The Apps rock too!Edit: 12/16/2012 Still rockin!  I've had the Touchpad for almost 12 months and still love using it.  I have played with a friends IPad and still would not trade my Touchpad for it.  This thing has been something I have never regreted getting.  I have a dual boot configuration but I still seldom boot to Android.  My phone is a Samsung Vibrant Galaxy S1 and I still love using it after two years.  I'm getting a Kindle for Christmas but the Touchpad is hands down the best thing to read on.  I purchase apps from the Webos store regularly to do my part to keep the operating system app world alive.  All the Apps I have downloaded free or paid for have been nothing short of amazing.  Watching movies on the Touchpad is awesome too.  There is an app for that and I bought it to be able to watch just about any video format available.  I have the Touchstone charger and the Custom Case both of which have just added to my enjoyment of this device.  The Touchstone makes it sooooo easy to keep my Touchpad charged and is a great place to set the Touchpad when I'm not using it as it does not charge in every position.  I love this as it is not good to continue to charge your battery due to the heat.  A top off is best to make these batteries last longer.  The Custom Case looks cool, protects the screen, and keeps finger prints off the back.  I'm sure I will be writing an update after two years.  I love my Touchpad with Webos!Edit: 3/30/2013 Still have my Touchpad and love it.Edit: 6/22/2013 Getting close to 2 years now and use my Touchpad every day.  I use WebOs the most. :)Edit: 10/20/201 Even closer to two years now and still love it.  I want a touchstone for work now.  Webos and Android :)