I am actually writing from it now.  Still finding ways to better customize it and love it.Smaill chip of 5th star, for custom fixing. Hp parts are expensive.Pen $45ish and it needs AAAA batteries others out there, cord is like $40, for a back up own unique plug design didnt see a car charger. In the leather carry case it holds the wrong way, would like to leave it closed while charging not usb. [Great case though, my idea pen at power button and hole for power cord, still working professional design, but fear to look at the price of another case]. Power button becomes loose over time from normal use it seems. i am not rough though (my pen case relocation with power control capability to solve issue remove toggle. still working design as its the much rougher and in drawing stage). One of my sides click, it upsets me when trying to plug in charger. Idk, between usb and home button popping feeling, going monday repair. N-trig finger detection is not precise, still getting used to it. Fix windows customized max res with larger text to my liking.[This I suggest a finger calibration with the user, what is it calibrating with me not touching it]? Gets a little hot on great strain, or charging, great lap warmer though .  Needs longer warranty, they expect me to toss it after a year? [personally I would like 3 years, 1 maint per year or 1 accidental coverage.  I am not throwing it around and cycle 3 years means a dual core possible.The awesomeness.Repair time is like 3 days, and only 1 full day I didn't touch it of the 3.  Not very often I see speed with a product. Installs anything that my laptop can 32bit though.  Professionals tablet, I use it in IT, mobility over laptop. I can see why the touchpad bombed, because it could not compare in physical design and look. Never tried webos though.Sd, usb, headphone ports, and some button I still dont know what it does yet (ctrl+alt+del button).Size is about right, proportionality perfect feel, I don't mind a little more bigger, though people say its heavier than most already.Others pick it up and wonder why theirs isn't as awesome.When you want mobility with a lot of business power.  Just as good as the Slate 2.Seems I spoke too soon, HP repair center (HP Service Center 6215 West by Northeast Dock Door 4 Suite A, Houston Tx 770404915)does not know how to take these apart or put them back together.  The back comes off easily now (clicking was because they broke the unit at repair facility and expected me to not fully check my unit).  2nd time repair came back as nothing found wrong, but they opened the unit and scoured the edges in an attempt to fix the issue.  Too bad it now looks like someone was scrapping a knife around the frame and back cover to open the unit (unprofessional repair service and looks tampered with), and it still didn't fix the issue.  Issue is now the USB connector, and now if I remove the USB stick tablet falls to pieces.  HP had me contact a local repair center for HP products (They don't handle slate repairs, just tablets(AKA Laptops with touch screen) but they still wanted to tinker, which became a no since I want it working, not scrap metal paper weight).  Spent another 2 hours with customer relations reading their own warranty contract on coverage to finally get it replaced.  They didn't want to replace the unit because "it works", just the back is not on the unit, which they tried to say was user damage, but considering I signed for it less than 1 hour prior to the call means it was not me dropping it, and they didn't charge me for service which means the unit was perfect when they received it.  First Customer Relations lady hung up on both me and the Tech on the phone, and this was before I started reading the warranty contract.  2nd CR made it to page 3 before deciding instead of listening to the full HP Warranty Contract just replace the unit to get me off the phone.If I got to go back and pick out my tablet again, I so would have went with the Acer Iconia, but I like the look of the HP Slate much better.  Just wish I could order parts, and repair the unit myself.  HP has always had lousy support, and always seem to fight repairs and replacements, which is why I no longer buy or support HP products.  I do, but it requires additional charges, as you can find out yourself first hand that they will fight you for a warranty repair, accusing the user as the issue.