First of all, I'm just moderately tech capable, so I can't go into the detail that true tech people can. Second, I'm not super picky, so what I might find acceptable, others might not.I got this tablet refurbished on eBay, with a bundled extended warranty from Square Trade. I got the refurb because I couldn't justify paying a huge amount of money for something that I wanted, but didn't really need.I've had this tablet for a few months, and I've really had a lot of fun with it.  In fact, if I ever replace this tablet, I'll probably get aother Acer.The following are what I consider to be the pros and cons.Pros:1.  The size of the screen is just right.  Anything smaller would feel more like a smart phone, and I already have one of those.2.  It's very speedy.  Of course, that's probably because I haven't loaded it down with pictures and videos.3.  It has the Ice Cream Sandwich OS, and I love it.  In fact, I like eBay much better on the tablet than I do on the laptop. On the Tablet, the time shows up as the time in my region, not the "military time" that eBay shows.  That drives me crazy.  Also, it's easier to bid on the tablet.4.  Most of the apps I've downloaded, work very well with this tablet, even though many of them are aimed at a smart phone.  So far, only one live wallpaper has not done well on the tablet.5.  The screen adjusts to the light source, and I appreciate that, too.6.  With the proper app, I can send things to my printer.7.  I love the fact that it has a regular-sized USB port, in addition to a micro USB.  I've used that feature quite a lot.8.  I can access my SD card for pictures, videos, and documents.  I was going to get the Sony tablet until I found out that you can't do these functions with an SD card on the Sony.9.  I had absolutely no problems setting up my wifi and e-mail.10. I don't watch many videos on this tablet, but when I accessed Amazon Prime Instant Videos, I didn't have any problems with connecting, and the videos played just fine.Cons:1. It takes awhile to get the thing turned on!  I have to hold the power button down for about seven seconds before it comes on, and that seems like a long time.  Fortunately, it doesn't take that long to turn it off.2.  When I turn the tablet on, I never know if it will connect immediately with my WiFi, or not.  Sometimes I have to go into Settings and connect it, while other times I don't.3. I wish it was lighter, because I'd like to be able to carry it in my purse, but I think the tablet would be too heavy for that.  However, if I had to sacrifice quality for weight, I'd keep the weight.Now a few words about support for a refurbished Acer.  If you bought yours new, you don't need to read any further.I found out that Acer itself doesn't provide support for a refurb.  I found that out when I was having problems getting back into my e-mail after I changed passwords. When I called Acer, they referred me to the company that supports the refurb. I got hold of a tech who told me that I would need to do a factory reset, and she gave me a long, complex method for doing this.  When I couldn't get the tablet to do a reset, I was told that I would need to send it in.Before doing that, I did a little more digging around in my settings, and I found a button that I could click for a reset!  Why didn't the tech support person know about this easy, simple way to do it?  Anyway, I did the reset, thus avoiding having to send the tablet in, and my e-mail problem was solved. Needless to say, that experience didn't make me feel very confident in contacting them again. Hopefully, I won't have to do that too many times. If I do, maybe I'll get a better tech.  Sometimes it's the luck of the draw.