First off, I'll apologize for writing a review after owning this tablet for only one night. I hate these kinds of reviews but I felt this needed at least one review from a real customer.In my few hours with it last night, I downloaded and installed several apps on it from GetJar, including Facebook and Kindle. I also downloaded several apps from my PC onto a thumb drive and installed them onto the tablet from that, which was very cool. I visited several websites that had flash banners and they worked flawlessly. I was also able to play embedded videos on sites including youtube.com and my facebook news stream.Pros:- USB port - I plugged an 8GB flash drive in and installed apps from it.- Micro SD slot - Haven't used it yet but plan to soon- HDMI port - Haven't used this yet either but it's a great option- Video looks great- Very responsive when touching links or rotating display- Browser is quick and displays flash- Great price for the specsCons:- Lack of good, working apps. For the A7, you get your apps from GetJar, instead of the Android marketplace. Some apps refused to install for me, like Angry Birds. Others installed but clearly weren't made to work on this size tablet. There isn't a netflix or skype app available (I was hoping to use the webcam with skype).- Pinch-to-zoom doesn't work particularly well. Seemed to always go way too far in or out. You're better off just double-tapping.- Scrolling - scrolling by sliding my finger seems to cause a lot of unintended clicks along the way. I think there's just a bit of a learning curve, being used to my ipod touch. It seemed to happen less as the night went on.- The fixed buttons aren't backlit so at first it's difficult to use in the dark. You quickly figure out where they are and it's not that big a deal- So far it's been hard to find any cases or accessories built for the A7- I wasn't able to set up my yahoo mail in the default mail client. Instead, I installed the yahoo mail app, which is basically a shortcut to the mobile yahoo mail site, which works fine.This purchase was for my wife, who wanted something like an iPad but at a size that fit in her purse. This is almost the exact same size as my 2nd generation Kindle (a little thicker). So far she's used it to quickly check and respond to things on Facebook, check emails and surf the web. Because of the speed and ease of use, it should supplant most of her laptop use, with the exception of sending long emails and working on speadsheets.I trust there will be more and better apps for android tablets in the near future. It looks like there are A LOT of similar tablets hitting the market now. For me, this tablet looked like the best specs for the best price right now and I imagine it will be even more fun to use as new apps are made for it.