review thriveAs soon as I opened it, I was able to use my iPad2.  The thrive has a user's guide link on the front screen, but it is an online link.  That meant no guide to hook up to the wireless.  I have an android phone so was familiar with the interface, but it seems putting the user manual on the system would have been painless and made life easier for customers new to the OS.I figured out how to get online, now I need to download the user's guide.  My thrive was a gift, so I don't know the model number.  No problem right?  Wrong, going to settings, about tablet, gives me a product version number and a name of AT105.  But the user manual cannot be accessed until I give it a product number of AT105-XXXXX.  I do not know the xxxxx so I have to go online on a different system, type the product number I found in system info into Google and have it tell me the product number I want.I finally get to enter the product number and go to a site that allows me to download the manual, unfortunately, having no user manual to tell me otherwise, I tap the link.  It turns blue and then back to white, nothing else happens.  Several tries later, I tap and hold the link, now I have some options.  Open, Open in new tab, Save link, copy link url, or select text.  None of these intuitively tell me to download or save file. So I try open.  So far it has been ten minutes and that apparently failed.  I decide on Save link, a window briefly opens saying starting download then disappears.There is a statement on the site that says "Once downloaded, you'll find the User's Guide using the File Manager app.  Navigate to the download folder, touch the "Thrive-AT-100_users_guide_062311.pdf" file and open it with QuickOffice.  Remember, I still don't have a user's guide to explain what all that means.Now I finally get to the document.  As far as I can tell, there is no way to turn the page.  You scroll through a large document being careful not to shoot past the page you are looking for.  On the iPad, I swipe a finger, or if I am truly lazy just tap the edge of the screen I want to go in and I am on the next page.  This document requires me to scroll up and stop the scroll manually.  Annoying!!!Oh well, I need to register it now.  I tap register, it wants the serial number.  Back to settings about tablet, but there is no way to cut and paste the serial number so back to the PC, open notepad, type the SN then back to register and input the Serial number.  Imagine my dismay when I get this message in bright red letters, Internal error(RM101), please try again later or call 1-800-457-7777.So I call Toshiba customer support center.  Oh boy, I get to talk to the phone mail system.  I hate talking to the computer!  Once I get past the electronic sentry I get a guy that obviously does not speak my language as a primary one.  He wants my name, phone number, email address, yada, yada, yada....We finally get to my issue and he repeats everything back that I said and asks me if he understands my issue.  Then he puts me on hold to ask someone else what that error code is.  I learn it will be one to two hours before the server is patched and could I please try again.Maybe I will post more later, but I will say not an auspicious start for the Toshiba Thrive.