I received a Nextbook Premium 7 for Christmas, and ever since I got it, I've had problems with it.  It's been returned once, and I'm having problems with it again!The first major problem was that the Wi-Fi wouldn't connect to my home router... every other device I have could.  Only the nextbook couldn't.  It wasn't able to connect to any other wi-fi network either either.  However, it would keep trying constantly, draining the power out of the battery at a fantastic rate.  I was unable to shut off wi-fi to conserve battery power... it would simply refuse to allow me to turn off wi-fi at all.  It took several weeks to convince customer support that there was a problem with it and then the problem of returning it started.  I don't live in North America, and they refused to ship it outside of North America.  Actually, they made a point of telling me that they don't provide support for their products outside of North America.  However, it was bought in Australia, and sent to me... but when I suggested they send it to Australia instead, they said that was not possible either... despite the fact that the tablet was BOUGHT there!  Long story short, another few weeks later, and I was finally allowed to have it shipped to an address in Canada.  I specifically told them that it was being shipped to another person's address, who would then forward it to me.  They sent it via FedEx, who insisted that I sign for it.  Even though I live outside North America.  And the fact that I had told Nextbook that it was being shipped to another person's address.Anyway.  Another month later, and I finally got it back.  I resigned myself to the fact that I can't install android apps (can't use Android Market because Nextbooks can't access that store).  Can't use any android app stores that are worth using, actually.)  I resigned myself to using it for e-books and videos only.  Kind of a waste having android installed at all, but what the heck.  It was free (Christmas gift), so I'll make the best of it.  And then I discover that I can't access the SD card either now.  I don't have the space to copy videos over to it... can't put books on it either.  Can't seem to do much with it generally.And then there's the little things like the Nextbook freezing while copying anything over (not always, but at least a quarter of the time).Don't waste your money.  There are better e-book readers, and I can't really even consider this to be a real tablet.  I will try to get some use out of it while it lasts, and when it dies (or I finally get fed up with it and throw it in the garbage), I'll save up and get something worth buying.  Never again will I buy anything from Nextbook.Poor product.  Poor support.  Poor quality control.  Poor excuse for a company.  And this is with a Premium tablet?