This is my first Android device so, I'm still learning a lot about it and cannot evaluate it's capabilities with any degree of expertise.  After a week or so, it seems to be holding up and doing what it is supposed to do and that seems to be that it keeps running.  Before my purchase, I read a lot of the "one-star" reviews and finally decided that most of the negativity was due to over expectation and stupidity rather than bad luck.  I have been waiting for my Nexus 7 to summarily quit on me but so far, it is going strong.If "battery problems" arise, I know they will be caused by the possibility of a loosened connector and can easily be repaired by opening the case with a guitar pick and correcting the defect.  Apparently, if you mishandle your Nexus 7 and knock the battery loose, it is possible to dislodge one of the battery connectors, causing it to become intermittent and/or disconnected altogether.By reading many of the "fixes" for this malady, I have come to the conclusion that one of the battery leads is a trifle short and if the battery shifts, the connector is pulled loose.  NO BIG DEAL!  My take on this is that, like all OEM's, ASUS buys their components from various souces and does final assembly at one or more of their facilities.  In all likelihood, the original design was flawless but as battery technology improved, the newer batteries became slightly smaller and the locations of the connectors changed.  Thus, the battery was held in place by some double-stick tape and one of the battery leads was just long enough to be able to do it's job.  Again, no big deal, and I figured that IF I had this problem, I'd just open that puppy with a guitar pick and take a look.I like to take stuff apart anyway and tightening connectors is just part of normal maintenance so far as I'm concerned.  If needs be, I can lengthen the offending lead, resecure the battery etc.. And then, I know how to replace the battery when it actually does poop out.In a few months, if nothing catastrophic happens, I'll add to this review and probably upgrade the rating to 5 stars.  Naturally, by that time, the new Nexus 7 equivalent will be out, with all sorts of better bells and whistles.  If I like the Android system, I will consider getting the newest hardware but I'll keep my present Nexus 7 for a back-up, knowing that I can take it apart and keep it running.Besides loading a slug of "aps," I did upgade the software to 4.2.2.1, and it was a piece of cake.  This was probably because I decided to order my Nexus 7 through Amazon, paying an extra $10, just to be sure that I got the most recent hardware issued from the factory.  I like factory upgrades and Asus is good at keeping them current.More to follow.UPDATE!:I've given it another star - for longevity, not features.My wife has not been able to kill our Nexus 7 yet.  It still takes a full charge, and has not caught fire or done any of the other scary things that the collective naysayers complain about.Maybe buying from the best source really does pay off!A word to the wise etc.:Beware of Apps bearing permissions.  Fewer is better and read those "permissions" carefully.  These "Apps" both free and costly, can really screw up your device, and your life!  The Net is a dangerous place but for the vigilant and prepared, it can be a useful adventure.  Complacency can and will "get cha"! 'nuff said.