Well let me first start off by saying that I have never owned a Tablet or E-Reader for that matter. I had looked into possibly getting an ipad but it was waaaay to bulky and I just didn't like the way it felt. When this was announced i got excited and knew I had to get it. I got it today on launch day and have played with it for a bit,  it has actually blown my expectations out of the water. I had read some bad reviews, so I was really scared I wasn't going to like it or be very disappointed. Thankfully, I am not!This review is based solely on the perspective of someone who was looking to buy a reasonably priced tablet/ereader for the first time.*PROS**Love the look, it sleek, sharp, and the display is beautiful. I was amazed at how chic it looks. Love the feel and security of the rubber back.*The audio is actually a lot louder than what I expected, ALWAYS a plus(we can raise the roof with my KF)!*The response of the touch screen so far has been extremely responsive and have had no issues.*THE SILK browser is FAST, I don't know about the people who feel that it isn't as fast as they thought, because quite frankly to me it is. I would almost say it's on par with my laptop on wifi! Very pleasantly surprised.*All the stuff I have downloaded has had no issue and was lighting fast in installing. The email function is great, I have read a review somewhere where they did not like it but, it was sooo easy to set up!*Video is crisp, sharp, and very vivid, my netflix videos stream quickly and with great resolution(obviously depending on your connection)as well as my prime videos!****There are several apps in the android market that let you turn your android device into a mobile hotspot for free. Someone said it didn't support ad hoc connection or something, but I found that my kindle easily connected to my phone, so now I have an unlimited constant 3g connection on my kindle wherever I go!!!!*THE PRICE!!*Items on my cloud are so easily accessible, I forget they are not physically installed on my Kf.There is honestly so much more that I love about it so far, I could go on. So for the sake of not making this too long I'll move on.**CONS***For some reason it's a bit smaller and heavier than I thought, but I quickly adapted and got use to it. So not really a major issue, I could see where if you are use to a bigger device/tablet it might take a bit getting use to. On the plus side it is heavy enough to bludgeon a nook/ipad fanatic with... JK;)*While I charged it, it got pretty hot where I'm assuming the battery is. I didn't read anywhere that it could overheat, so it is an issue that does concern me, anyone else notice this?*The interface with all your recent/views and apps piled in a row might take a bit getting use to, but not a deal breaker at all.Perhaps it's because I have never really owned anything like it before that makes me really love and appreciate this little amazingly priced guy. If you are new to the tablet/e-reader experience I definitely recommend this product. Although I know some people don't like reading on back lit devices. If you own a smart phone I recommend downloading the Kindle app and try reading something on it for a while to see if it bothers your eyes. I have read a whole book on my android phone with no problem at all, which is what actually swayed me to buy this as an ereader too. I plan on doing a lot of reading on this.If you already own one, I hope you are enjoying it as much as I am, if you don't own one, GET IT:)