I did mountains of research on android and windows tablets before buying the G-Tablet. In fact, I had resolved to wait for this Spring's deluge of awesomeness (and likely accompanied by equally jaw-dropping price tags) in the tablet market. The Xoom price and linkage to Verizon put me off, though.I was still leery on the G-tablet after hearing everyone moaning about the viewing angles of the screen. I had the chance to see the G-Tablet at my local Office Depot, which happened to be offering it for the same price as most online retailers (379), and I found the screen to be not-so-bad. It does have very restrictive viewing angles, but in my opinion, this isn't always a bad thing (if I'm out in public, that means fewer people will be able to see what I'm doing!) In short, I ended up buying the G-tablet that day that I finally saw one in person.I had read all the reviews saying that this tablet wasn't for the faint of heart, even with Viewsonic's firmware update. Well, I'm a bit of geek myself -- I can hack code, develop web sites, and I generally tinker with computers both with hardware and software, so I figured I had enough skills to root and install a custom ROM, though I had yet to do either on an android device. I'm familiar enough with the regular operations of android from my phone, so I dove in head first.Thanks to the fellows over at xda developers, I had my G-tablet rooted, installed tntlite, sideloaded flash, got a full android market, and sideloaded angry birds within the first 24 hours (I would have had it all done inside of 4 hours, except I had to hunt down the latest version of the Angry Birds apk, which took me until the following day).Once I did that, this tablet is absolutely amazing. I love it. I haven't put it aside for longer than a few hours at a time since I got it up and running TnTLite. It's as snappy as my Samsung Captivate phone and runs all of the same apps. The screen is big enough to view web pages in desktop form rather than mobile. GPS? I wish it had it, but it's no big deal for me. Battery life is incredible. I sit down with it first thing in the morning and use it heavily for at least 2-3 hours and the battery doesn't drain past 85%. Gmail works wonderfully as does Angry Birds (sideloaded because it will not show in the market for this device for me). I've installed several browsers, but I must say, the stock browser on tntlite is just fine. I've also run Dolphin HD and Opera mini without issues. I intend to load Mozilla's beta of Firefox sooner or later as well.The bottom line is if you're a little on the tech-y side of things and willing to put a little work into it, this tablet is probably the best (hardware-wise) bang for your buck out there right now, no contract required. Not technically inclined? I'd pass, but that's just me.