I originally posted a negative review under the listing for the 7" Nook HD+.  I have the 9" one, so have moved the review over here.  Some things have been brought to my attention since that have prompted this edit.  I bought this device because the large screen, the sharp display, the expandable memory and the light weight were all attractive.  Prior to buying this Nook I had a Sylvania SYTAB7MX.  I had bought it to get a feel for how tablets operate.  It had limited capability, but it was cheap and served me well for about a year.  Since it was only running Android 2.0 I was excluded from a lot of apps.  I finally decided to update to the Nook.  I had several unpleasant surprises and one pleasant one.1. I found that there is no way to be rid of numerous crapplications that come on the Nook and take up memory that could be better used elsewhere.  The Sylvania had fewer of them and there was a way to remove unwanted ones there.2. I am a member of Amazon Prime and was looking forward to viewing movies on this device due to its large screen and very good graphics.  When I logged into Amazon and selected a movie to view I got this: "Amazon Instant Video uses Adobe Flash.  We can take you to the Adobe website where you can quickly install the latest free version of the Flash."  Sure.  I'd go for that.  So I went to the Adobe site and got this: "We're sorry.  This content requires Adobe Flash Player, which is not supported by your device..."Now, thanks to a comment by Torrey Pines on my earlier review, I have learned that there is a workaround.  It requires first using Google Play on the Nook to download and install the Firefox browser application.  Then go to [...] and download and install the "browser plugin" application.  Although it is called a browser plugin, it comes from Adobe and is a Flash plugin.  This website downloaded the app to my library but did not install it.  I contacted Barnes and Noble support and learned that I just had to turn the device off, turn it back on and click on the browser plugin icon on the start screen and it will install.  I contacted support through this page: [...]  You send them your phone number by e-mail and someone from support will call you back.  I got called back in less than a minute.  I found this impressive.For some reason, the browser plugin will not work with the Chrome browser that is supplied on the Nook HD+.  After you install Firefox and the browser plugin and select a video to play it will first ask you if you want to use Chrome or Firefox.  You must select Firefox.  Then a gray screen will come up with a single icon in the middle with the usual "Play" icon.  Underneath it says to select that icon to activate the plugin browser.  Videos then play nicely.  Volume is less that when playing Netflix (which does not use the browser plugin but does require the Netflix app), but adequate.3. The Barnes and Noble web site says that this Nook has "dual stereo speakers".  I doubt this is true, but if it is, they "speak" out of a perforated area of the case measuring about 1.5" x .5" - hardly my idea of stereo.  The sound is clear and clean, however.4. My wife's Galaxy Tab has a way to override the limitation on whose apps you can download.  As far as I can see, there is no way to do this on the Nook HD+.The positive surprise was that I discovered the Nook has a nifty voice-command capability.I am amazed that, in spite of having spent two hours reading reviews on the Amazon and Walmart and on two sites that specialize in tablet reviews prior to purchasing it, I found nothing to suggest most of the problems I found with this device.  Having read some more reviews since first having published this review, the only place I have seen that would have tipped me off to the inability of the native Nook to play Flash video was on the site for Amazon instant video where they list the capable devices.I found reviewers who say the Nook HD+ only has one speaker, but the B&N; site says stereo.  Who was I to believe?My main complaints now are items 2 and 5 above.  Can anybody enlighten me further on these perceived shortcomings?