Ok, I can't say this item really needs a review, I think everyone pretty much knows the iPad is the master of the tablets.  I paid full price for my 64gb iPad and I don't regret it, even as long as it took me to save up for it.  I love getting digital copies of movies (like from the bluray discs you were already going to buy) and putting them on this bad boy to take wherever I want.  Not only can I enjoy it, but with an AV adapter cord I can plug it up to any HDTV and entertain everyone.Obviously the apps are awesome.  There practically is an app for everything.  My biggest consideration in getting the iPad over an ereader was the amount of books you have access to.  On an iPad, you have access to all the iBooks, Kobo books, B&N; nook books, and amazon kindle books through their own app.  Just recently I found one negative thing about having an iPad over a kindle.  I'm not talking about the fire either, because I really don't know enough about the fire to compare point for point, I'm just talking ebooks here.  The Kindle lets you borrow one book a month I believe it is for free (the kindle version ones that are listed as $0.00) if you are an amazon prime member.  Until recently, I wasn't a prime member and I wasn't disappointed until I found out that the iPad app for kindle doesn't offer the free borrowing of books unless you have an actual kindle. This may change some day if enough people complain, but as of right now, it isn't offered.  So if you are fine with paying for all of your books or you aren't willing to pay to be a prime member, then you have access to more books on an ipad.  Oh another cool thing is that you can download the overdrive app which you can rent digital books or audiobooks from your local library with your library card for free.  I love the audiobooks because I'm sure you know how expensive they are to buy, and unless I know for sure its a good book, I'm not willing to drop $20-$45 on an audiobook.As for the internet on the iPad, browsing is a breeze, saving pages and bookmarking is a breeze.  The only thing is it does have some problems connecting to little mom and pop wif signals for some reason.  Its a known problem and I imagine the iPad3 will be better at this.  Other than that there are no complaints from me for the internet.Printing from the iPad is so cool, too.  Even if you don't have an airprint printer, you can still find an app to print to almost any printer through wifi.  I haven't found one yet that I couldn't print on using Print Bureau.  Its really cool and after you figure out how to use it, its pretty simple too.  I can even print to my huge commercial printer/scanner/network fax machine at work.I also love the adapters for cameras that lets you easily plug and transfer pictures/video directly to the iPad to send or post somewhere online.If you have an iPod or iPhone, the charger that comes with the iPad is much stronger, and charges your other apple idevices much faster than with the chargers that came with them.Overall very happy with my purchase!!!I wanted to add an update, my schoolwork is online and I did find a way around the adobe flash problem so that I can access all of my school assignments and take tests from my iPad.  It's like a Firefox app, at least it syncs with Firefox, but it is called mercury. No flash problems =)