Really people?  What did you expect for $150?  We have people here comparing this to 300-600 dollar devices.  Really?  People who leave a review that is totally false.  It would help if you actually used the device before leaving a bad review.Ok now thats out of the way.  I do not think this device deserves a 5 star rating, I rated as such to offset all the 1 star reviews from people that have no clue what they are talking about.To the person comparing this to an Ipod touch or an Iphone or even an Ipad, guess what, Iphones cost more and require a cell phone contract not to mention having a smaller screen.  Same deal with a Ipod touch smaller screen and around the same price if not more.  Also no removable media, if you want pictures or movies they are on the internal memory only whereas with this device you can use removable Micro SD(up to 16GB)  We wont even discuss the Ipad becuase its 4 times the price.  Show me a 7" tablet in this price range right now.To the person that says they cant multi task because of the back button, tilt your device forward slightly, look on top.  You will see 2 buttons, one says menu, one says home.  Open an app, run it, now press the home button.  Wow see what I did there, input from someone that actually took the time to use the device before posting a negative review.Ok on to the review.  First off, know what you are buying before you purchase it.  This not capacative touch it is resistive.  These are the types of screen that were used on older devices, PDA's etc.  The newer devices like the droid phones, Ipad etc use capacative touch.  Now with that being said, this is probably one of the nicest resisitive touch screens I have used.  Rarely do I need a stylus, and it works well just using my finger tips.  There are a few times when I will mistakenly click comething I did not intend to but it is much better than I expected and works pretty well.You will not get the full Android market with this device.  Google has already stated that no tablets will be given full market access until Android v 3.0 is released which will be optimized for tablets.  This device is also not capable of being updated to 3.0, so what you see is pretty much what you are going to get as far as the OS is concerned.  If you want the full market on this device it requires some tweaking, information on this can be found by searching the web, and some shred of technical knowledge will be required.The buttons on this device are similar to the ones found on a standard android phone.  All the buttons are present with the exception of the search button.  On top of the device you will find the menu and home buttons on a rocker switch and the back button is the large gold circle that is visible on the front of the device.I read one review that stated the device locked up all the time.  As far as lockups are concerned, they were few and far between for me.  I think I used the reset button one time when I got stuck in an application.  Most of the apps provided and downloaded worked pretty well.I had no issues connecting to and surfing the web and the speed, while not as fast as my laptop, was sufficient enough for me for web browsing.  Not what I would consider to be slow as some have said.With all that being said, I will revert back to my original statement.  Research and know what you are buying before you buy it.  If you are looking for a 150 dollar Ipad or Galaxy tablet, you will be sorely disappointed.  This device works well for playing some games, reading some books and watching some movies as well as surfing the web.