ViewSonic gTablet with 10" Multi-Touch LCD Screen, Android OS 2.2I had been mulling over buying a tablet for several months.  I have an iPhone 4, but wanted out of the Apple ecosystem.  Android was the obvious choice, but right now it seemed that there was a bit of a lull.  Many tablets were out there with Android 2.2 shoehorned into underpowered hardware, and since 2.2 wasn't meant to be a table OS, many manufacturers were forced to modify it for use on their tablets.  Google has their new tablet optimized OS out, Honeycomb, but two problems exist, it wasn't released fully functional (missing Flash support and some other features) and to limit the fracturing that had happened with their phone OS, Google is only making it available to select vendors initially (Motorolla, Samsung).  What was I to do?With new tablets on the horizon, prices are dropping like crazy, but many of the older tablets are running 800mhz or 1 Ghz single core processors and only come packed with 256 MB of RAM, so no wonder their prices are falling.  Well, all of them except the G Tablet.  The G Tablet ships with a dual core Tegra 2 processor clocked at 1Ghz (Same processor as the Xoom, for half the price of the WiFi version) and 512 MB of RAM (twice what the iPad comes with) and 16GB of storage.  If you're still reading this, then maybe you've wrestled with the same dilema.  Well, after a couple weeks of research, and another $100 price drop, I picked up a G Tablet.  I'll confess up front, that I like to tinker with electronics, I used to build computers and studied IT for a while many years ago, so I'm not afraid to dive in and try stuff.  I mention this, because, although you don't need a degree in computers to enjoy the G Tablet, if you struggle getting Netflix to work on your blu-ray player or call Geek Squad first before trying to fix your computer yourself, them your potential for enjoying this device will be diminished.  Okay, on to the good and bad...I'll start with the bad, because if you make it past these qualms, then you'll really enjoy the good.  First, the screen.  It's 1024x600 resolution is comparable to most budget tablets, and even name brand ones (Galaxy Tab) and the most popular ones (iPad and iPad 2 have a 1024x800 resolution because they are 4:3 rather than 16:9, but they offer the same pixels per inch).  They bad isn't so much the resolution, the colors (which are a bit muted compared to the iPad's) or the brightness (less than the Xoom and iPad, but not noticably so) but the viewing angle is atrocious.  You can't slightly tilt it so your partner on the couch can see it, you have to hand it over to them.  When held landscape, tilting it up more than 10 degrees makes it pretty much unwatchable, left to right is actually quite goo, and even down isn't bad.  But tilt it up, and no dice.  This is something I have adjusted to, you may not.  The other rub is the stock software.  The average consumer may not find too much to dislike, as the updates Viewsonic has provided make it quite usable.  But compared to the potential the hardware has, the software it ships with is bloated, occasionally unresponsive, and slows, what should be lightning fast hardware, down to pedestrian levels.Okay.  Did you read all that?  Are you still interested?  Good, because there is a whole lot more to like than dislike!  Your first step after unpacking, charging, turning on the tablet, tilting it around a bit and thinking, this viewing angle is a bit jacked up, is to head to the XDA Developers website.  Seriously, don't play around with the stock software.  It's not horrible, and if you don't know better, you may convince yourself it's not too bad.  DONT'T DO THAT!  The tablet was released 8 months ago, and boy has the development community been busy.  1Ghz not enough for you?  They've created a hack to get it stable at 1.4Ghz and are puching it to 1.6Ghz.  Want an actual Android experience with the market and tons of freely available apps?  Great, get one of the modified ROMS and Boom!  The software is now twice as fast.  Speed tests peg it slightly faster than the Xoom when the Vegan ROM is loaded (it's not entirely stable), and about the same speed with TNT Lite (probably the most fully functional).  In the future, they plan on releasing 2.3 mods for it as well.All in all, I love to tinker, and I love new gadgets.  My weeks of research resulted in the G Tablet, and I haven't regretted it.  Sorry for the length, but I wanted to do it justice.