I have been using the Fire for about 3 weeks now and I truly enjoy it. It does not do some things more expensive tablets do (like that one from the fruit people) but my guess is that it will do what 90% of you want it to do. If you understand that and what you want is a less expensive portable entertainment device the Fire is a very good choice.First of all, I was already committed to the Amazon system with a Kindle and Amazon MP3 so having a tablet tied to those only made sense. Unsurprisingly the Fire works very well with that cloud system. The sound is ok through the speakers and I bought an inexpensive set of headphones (Sony over ear) and they work very well. Amazon prime gives you  excellent access to movies and TV and for me the size of the tablet works well for viewing. It is not like I am viewing them from 10 feet away. I hold the Fire on my lap and the picture is good to very good. If I want HD, any tablet is insufficient so the screen size is not a big deal for me. I like being able to carry the Fire in a pocket.So far the internet experience is good. The browser feels plenty fast and pretty responsive. Again, this is a smaller tablet so some sites do not fit as well as others, but I mostly read so that is not a big deal. For Twitter, email Facebook etc it works well. If you are used to doing that stuff on your phone, you can do it better on the Fire.  There is some occasional delay in the touch screen that hopefully will be remedied in later updates. The controls are intuitive and easy to understand. So far the memory seems more than sufficient, although this is clearly a device meant to rely on the cloud for most of the storage. Given that WiFi is becoming ubiquitous that should not be a big issue.The apps are limited in the sense that they do not have all of the millions of apps available for Android but there are many many apps available and again probably 90-95% of what you actually want or need. This is really not a business device and I cannot imagine using it for much word processing or spreadsheet. It is ok but not great for email. My guess is that the app selection will improve but most of you will not miss what is not there. It certainly works well for Angry birds and be aware that if you have kids you will be constantly debating whose turn it is to use it.As an ereader this is very good. The selection of books is of course excellent and the screen is easy to read. I honestly prefer my old kindle type style a bit for pure reading but the Fire is still quite good and very clear. I have plowed through about 2000 pages already with no complaints.I have played with other tablets and admittedly they can do a bit more than the Fire, but they do so at a higher cost and most of what they can do, I likely would not use much.  Again there are compromises at this price and screen size is one of them. Try to compare this side by side with other choices before you buy. This is vastly more portable than larger tablets and that mattered to me.As a relatively inexpensive entertainment device this is an excellent choice. Yes, by buying this now you kind of commit to the Amazon "environment" and if you want freedom there may be other tablets out there you will prefer but you will pay about double what this costs. Is this bleeding edge? No. Is it very good for doing what you want it to do? Certainly.