I just picked this up during one of the Amazon lightning sales and I must say that my initial impressions of the A500 are very good! Like with my other android products, I decided to make it a bit more lean and maximize my control over it by first rooting it and slapping on a ROM with the bloat disabled/removed. From a student's perspective, I'll list what the pros and cons of the A500 I've found so far:Pros:1. Good ppt rendering: One of my biggest concerns about getting a tablet was whether or not it could correctly display ppt slides. Of the ppts I've downloaded so far,QuickOfficeHD and Officesuite were able to render it well and is virtually identical to a desktop version. I've seen maybe one or two formatting errors where a letter is entered on the next line. No biggie in my opinion. In comparison to a friend's Ipad2, I would say that the A500 has far fewer errors (many slide pictures weren't rendered on the Ipad).2. HDMI mirroring: This is extremely useful for sharing presentations or collaborating in a study room equipped with HDTVs. I just used a micro HDMI cable and easily put ppts and notes on the big screen for my study group to see. Officesuite even lets me use digital pens to highlight or draw on slides. I've also played a few games on the TV and they look stunning.3. Full-sized USB Port: This is mentioned so many times already by other reviewers, but I want to again emphasize that this is so useful! I have a wireless Logitech keyboard and mouse attached to a unifying receiver and it works flawlessly with the A500. I found this useful for taking notes or writing e-mails when there's a lot of text to be entered. Android 3.2 also support NTFS formatting, so I was able to easily read my 1TB external harddrive. This makes moving things from my tablet to another computer really easy.4. Excellent PDF readers available: Besides powerpoint, the next most common format I need to use is PDF. I find EzPDF Reader Pro to be invaluable and it lets me annotate using a stylus or display the text only part for easy reading/studying.Cons:1. Mediocre battery: I know it's early to judge this since lithium-ion batteries take a few charge cycles to optimize efficiency. So far though, I'm able to get through most of the day before it hits 15%.2. Tegra 2 GPU Limitations: The A500 can play all of my lecture videos flawlessly, but when it comes to HD content or MKVs, the tablet kinda gets choked up. I find it pretty time-consuming to re-encode all the HD media I have to a format that can play better so this might be a con for people with lots of high profile MKV video files they wanted to mirror using HDMI.3. Laggy stylus input: This may or may not be a dealbreaker for you. I've been trying to find a way to handwrite well using a stylus for taking notes, so far I haven't found an app that can do it very well. This might be hardware related in that input polling is too slow? Not sure, but if you want to write on the A500, it will feel choppy.Overall, I'm really happy I decided to go with the A500. It was a good price and had all the features I need. Acer says it will back the A500 and give it ICS in the future, and this just makes this deal even sweeter. Don't hesitate if you're thinking about getting this tablet, especially since Amazon gives android users a free app a day (almost all the productivity apps I have were free!).