First, for full disclosure I own both the first iPad as well as the iPad 2. I purchased the HP Touch at the fire sale price of $99. I did so because I love all types of technology and wanted to see what iPad's competition were doing. I would have never paid list price. I figured for $99 I could see what others may be doing better than Apple and figured worse case it would become a great alarm clock, remote control, and/or radio. Now for the review; the HP Touchpad is really sluggish compared to the iPad. The touch technology isn't nearly as accurate as what Apple has developed. Its mail program feels unpolished and not very intuitive. It was an easy setup and no issues connecting to my Wi-Fi. The battery life is about a quarter of what you would expect from an iPad. The app store is just awful! The selection is pathetic. I did find a good solitaire game and the USA Today app shines. It is a bit heavy and I dislike the plastic feel.The bottom line, it has become my alarm clock and great web radio (iHeartRadio app is great!). The best thing about the HP TouchPad is a HP accessory; HP Touchstone Charging Dock Web tablet charging stand. It is amazing & I wish Apple would come up with something like it. It charges the Touchpad without any docking connection or wires. Love it! So if you want a good alarm clock radio & you can pick one up for $99, it is worth it. Otherwise, save up for the iPad 3!UPDATE 09/28/11: I thought maybe I was too harsh with my review and didn't give the HP Touch a fair shake. After all, there are way more positive reviews than negative (why I purchased one). I decided to force myself to use the HP for one week for everything I use my iPads for like email, reading the news, chatting with friends, reading my books, surfing the web, and my "to dos".Day 1, life without my iPad was a bit frustrating. The touch screen simply isn't sensitive like Apple's products. It constantly doesn't react to my touches. Many times using the "just type" box I would be hitting the screen repeatedly waiting for the keyboard to pop up. Some apps it just doesn't work all the time. Even using HP's own clock app, it just doesn't registered all of my touches. Maybe I have a defective product.I hate the email program (sorry). I just couldn't get use to it nor did I want to. Holding it is uncomfortable but maybe that could be fixed with a case of some sort. As a chat device it worked okay and there are a few apps out there to help. I find the screen not as sharp for reading (the words don't pop out) and the Kindle app sucks compared to the one for the iPad. The pages don't flip as smooth & it would constantly lock up where I had to get out of the app and restart it. I even tried deleting the app and reinstalling it to no avail. Using it for the web is terribly slow! I just don't like the web interface and it is so sluggish there is no comparison. As far as "To Dos" I couldn't use Wunderlist that syncs with all of my PCs and Apple iOS devices. So I didn't even try another program. Oh, the App Store selection is PATHETIC! There are simply no applications out there like what you find in the Apple store.By Day #2, I broke my promise and raced back to my iPad!! Look, maybe my touch screen is a bit defective (although I think not). Bottom line - I just don't like the hardware or the iOS. I really don't understand all these positive reviews. For $99, it makes a great alarm clock and weather station & that is what I am using it for.