OK, I can't take it any more.  I've been regularly consulting Amazon's user reviews of this device since I purchased it as a Christmas gift for my wife six weeks ago.  Since that time, I've read countless reviews unmercifully bludgeoning the T301 as completely useless and incapable.  Not so, say I.I will agree that it is somewhat frustrating to find a number of popular apps that won't work on this device; I'll grant you that.  But with some patience and fortitude, you will be able to find a goodly number that do in fact work just fine.  Or at least that was the case with us.And for the price we paid, I am absolutely pleased with what we've gotten out of the device.  The things it does well include:1)  ACCESSING WI-FI throughout our house, it always seems to lock onto the signal from our wireless router, and does so from that point without interruption.  The device also detects other nearby wi-fi networks within the neighborhood, and I note that it seems to be more capable of doing this than my kids' IPod Touch's.  (i.e. more sensitive)2)  INTERNET ACCESS - We are able to access the "mobile" version of many popular websites, and surfing is generally pretty gratifying with this device.  It's certainly not the same as doing so from a desktop or laptop, but it's not bad either.  As others have noted, Dolphin HD is a good choice, and arguably a better browser than the one that came pre-loaded on the T301.3)  FACEBOOK - My wife, unlike myself, is an avid Facebook follower.  This device performs admirably in this regard, and she has generally been very pleased with its capabilities.  No complaints here.4)  YOUTUBE - This is somewhat hit and miss, and admittedly wasn't one of the things we cared too much about when we made this purchase.  That said, there are many Youtube videos that play well on the device, including those embedded within Facebook posts and e-mail. Again though, it can be somewhat hit and miss.5)  E-MAIL - The stock e-mail program that comes with the device is somewhat rudimentary, but it serves its purpose.  The program is certainly not as robust as MS Outlook, for instance, but it generally does what it was meant to do and does so well. (presuming that your primary goal is to use it for the purposes of downloading, reading and perhaps responding to an e-mail or two)6) FILE MANAGEMENT / STORAGE -  I purchased a 32gb SD card and installed it shortly after purchasing the T301.  It was immediately recognized without problem, and has been ever since.  This increases the device storage many times over what it came with originally, at nominal cost. (noting that Apple devices do not allow such upgrades at all)I should also mention that it is a very simple matter to transfer files and content between this device and a computer.  I've successfully loaded apps both from a PC, via USB cable, and wirelessly.  (Pay CAREFUL attention to the "tethering" instructions, and particularly the following:  "Long-tap the status bar and drag to reveal more options. Tap 'USB connect.' Tap the button 'Turn on USB storage' in the bottom right of the screen to make Internal storage shown in your PC.")7) PERFORMANCE - We've had little trouble with the device crashing, even after challenging it by playing videos, opening multiple apps at one time, and playing music from online services such as Pandora.  I've only had to use the "paper clip trick" to reset the device once, and that was when I first took it out of the package.  (as it otherwise wouldn't turn on)  I do agree that the device can at times be somewhat "sluggish" - for instance, when first loading a YouTube video or first opening the Kindle application.  Once you become accustomed to its behavior however, and your expectations are adjusted accordingly, this to me is not a big deal.  (when one weighs it against the benefits of having the internet right there at your fingertips, to carry with you where you please)8)  E-READER CAPABILITIES - I mentioned the Kindle app.  The T301 works seamlessly within Kindle, and with the Amazon app store in general.  It downloads and scrolls through e-books very adeptly, and we've also found various useful newsreader apps that allow us to access a variety of online newspapers and news sources.  Again, no complaints here.9)  BATTERY LIFE - Splendid.  It'll easily last through a day's "normal" use, from what we've seen.  Very impressive.10) USER FRIENDLINESS - It took a little getting used to, coming from using my kids' IPod Touch's.  That said, we've settled into using it and are now very comfortable navigating around within this tablet.  Everything is generally very intuitive, and the capacitive touch screen is arguably (and remarkably) just as sensitive as an IPod Touch.  Again, very impressive given its relatively low cost.11) AUDIO/VISUAL CAPABILITIES - While not "hi-fi" in the least, the built in speakers are definitely convenient. I haven't as of yet confirmed whether the headphone output is stereo or not, although I see that some have suggested that it's monaural.  Screen resolution is a step below the IPod Touch, no doubt, but generally quite adequate.  The color re-creation is good, as are the brightness and contrast, in my opinion.On balance, we've been extremely pleased with and pleasantly surprised by the T301 - particularly given its price point, as well as some of the curmudgeon-like reviews (ahem) herein.  I honestly feel that this tablet has been given a bad rap by many of the reviews I've seen here, and this is what compelled me to write my own - so as to "set the record straight" based upon our own, generally positive experience.