I use this tablet every day and love it.Battery life on this thing is really good allowing me ten hours of moderate use, easily. One of the key points I liked when I bought this was that I have the ability to replace the battery when I am out and about, but I have not had to rely on that as the battery has never really died before I made it home.The screen is very clear but as stated in other reviews it is very prone to finger prints as you are using it.  Depending on light level you will not generally notice them when you are viewing at it directly, but when you sit it at an angle, they sometimes stand out.  I did have a ghost armor screen protector installed on this however and that helps keep the fingerprints at bay. Touch wise the screen is very responsive.  I love the size of the screen as well and the resolution is perfect.I love the fact that this has a full size USB port.  I am constantly using this to cross load files from my computer to the Thrive and back as it is so much quicker than relying on the bluetooth transfer which is very slow.I use this sometimes tied to my LG Tone bluetooth headsets LG Tone (HBS-700) Wireless Bluetooth Stereo Headset - Retail Packaging - Black/Orange.  It ties in perfectly with them and they sound great.  These headsets allow you to control the music when you are using the stock Toshiba media player, although I will say that seems to be the only program I can control with these headsets when I am using them.  I have tried other music programs with the thrive and the headset will only control the stock program and I haven't had a chance to see if there is a setting that would change the program as the default. Distance wise, I can listen to music off of my Thrive using bluetooth from anywhere in my house (3 bedroom single level).Memory wise the only issue I would have with this is that when you run a program, it stays in memory until you shut the Thrive completely off.  By this I mean that if I start an app to play a movie, the app will remain running in the background using a bit of memory until you shut the Thrive off completely. This isn't necessarily bad if you are shutting down your Thive every night, but in my case, I usually prefer to keep it in sleep mode so that I can instantly get to whatever I need to do. I will say that I can generally go quite a few days without having to shut it down unless I come across a memory hogging app. A note of caution to those who use live wall papers, some will severely reduce you memory ability.  I came across one that so clogged up the active memory that I had to shut off the Thrive several times in one day just to get the memory to clear.I keep my Thrive in a Roo Case made for it rooCASE Executive Portfolio (Black) Leather Case Cover with Landscape / Portrait View for Toshiba Thrive 10.1-Inch Android Tablet.  It is a nice case and protects the Thrive well.  It is a little bulky compared to some but I preferred quality and protection as priorities.I wouldn't trade this tablet for any on the market.  I have a couple of friends that have the Ipad 2 and I am sometimes jealous of the fact that they are so thin but to me the full size ports make the Thrive so outstanding.  Not to mention when their battery dies, and they can't recharge it because they don't have their power cord, I just tell them it is too bad my spare battery won't work in theirs.  :)