I initially didn't upgrade my iPad 1 to the 2nd generation as it was "good enough" for my needs. But as time went by and iOS5 was released I found my iPad 1 a bit lacking... Safari would often crash and more recent games such as Infinite Blade (the first one) wouldn't even load without crashing. It was becoming that I was getting a bit miffed with my iPad so I sold it off recently to wait for the iPad 3. Without an iPad in my life there was a bit of a void and I took advantage of one of the many resllers of the iPad 2 in the Marketplace. I found a great deal for a perfectly mint condition iPad and I have to say I am loving my iPad 2. No more crashing, the iPad 2 is really FAST and I feel it will be a bit more "future proof" for next year's iOS6 and even iOS7.Though it doesn't have the rumored retina display of the iPad 3 I feel that if you can get an iPad 2 for less than retail price right now it is well worth the purchase, even this close to the release of the next incarnation. Not to mention that a retina display for a device this large is less important than on an iPhone where the image size is much smaller. The only thing a Retina display will improve is the reading of ebooks and honestly not by that much. It's not as if it goes from illegible to crystal clear, just slightly more crisp... and for my needs not as necessary since I don't read much on my iPad to begin with. Also remember higher resolution also means more battery usage... so unless they put a bigger battery in the next iPad the battery life will be impacted. If they put a larger battery then the iPad 3 itself will be larger.Which leads to another thing I love about the iPad 2, the size! It is insanely thin compared to the first iPad and quite a bit lighter in hand. Now my left arm will have less of a work out when I'm standing and working on the iPad. :PMirroring with an Apple TV is beyond fun and a great feature for those of you who want a HTPC but don't want to deal with the high prices of Mac Mini or a Windows HTPC. Now I can surf the web on my TV and stream (soon to be) any video found on the internet. As Apple declared Flash video is on the down swing and soon it'll bow out of the way to h.264 as the go to streaming media format.The iPad 3 will no doubt be great... and I'm sure I will upgrade to it too... NEXT winter.I paired my iPad with the perfect;KHOMO DUAL CASE: Grey Polyurethane Smart Cover FRONT + Hard Rubberized Poly-carbonate BACK Protector for Apple iPad 2(I found one "used-like new" from Warehouse deals for $17.99)Originally I had the Incase Magazine Case for my iPad which the Apple Smart Covers and this case mimics. Though there were features on the Magazine case that I will miss (3rd standing option that was between the vertical mode and the keyboard mode) this is by far the best looking feeling and quality full body protection that I have seen for any of the iPads. I loved the idea of the Smart Cover but hated the price and the fact there was no back protection. Also heard that the magnetic connectors end up scratching the iPad and falls off easily, this is not something I wanted.Very happy with my purchase and am glad I got myself this great Xmas gift.