As soon as Steve Jobs specified what the iPad would be, I was disappointed, and realized that I needed something else to be my touch-screen computer of choice.  I looked first at the Archos 9 PC tablet, but I realized that the touch screen was resistive, would not support multi-touch, and did not have a real keyboard, which was a large downside for schoolwork.  After looking at CES, I found the Lenovo s10-3tWhen I first put this netbook together, I was surprised by the size of the battery- it wasn't as large as people who reviewed it told me it was, but it definitely jetted out of the computer.  Many argue that the keyboard is cheap, but I actually like the way it feels.  Unlike most netbooks, It doesn't feel super-duper small in your hands.  The track pad is ridiculously small compared to most other netbooks in its class.  The two buttons are integrated into the touchpad, but it does not work like the Macbooks, where you can click anywhere on the track pad.  When I plugged it in, the light on the lid of the netbook is not helpful.  It does not indicate when the battery is full, and there is no way to check the level of charge without actively turning on the computer.  IT was also difficult for me to disconnect the charger from the port on the computer.  The netbook has two USB ports, a VGA port, which is useful for connecting to projectors, and an Ethernet port for wired access.Turning on the computer, there were loads of bloatware, as Lenovo does not even let your load Windows without launching all of their software programs.The touchscreen-The multitouch capacitive screen works well.  Turning the screen, rotating the hinge was pretty easy.  However when moving around the laptop with the screen open (in laptop mode) the screen would fall flat backward.  The hinge moved too easily.  This began to concern me.  I have not taken action to call Lenovo about this issue yet.  Most of its capabilities are only available after upgrading to Windows 7 Home Premium.  I found a copy of the Anytime Upgrade to Home Premium on EBay for 40 dollars, but otherwise the full cost of the product is 79.99.  The upgrade process takes 10 minutes, and does not affect your files.  Once the upgrade was installed, I was able to pinch, zoom, swipe, rotate and highlight almost any website or window. The raised bezel makes it difficult, however, to click in the corners.  I had some trouble clicking the start button; every time I tried it would load something different from my taskbar.  I fixed the issue by increasing the size of the taskbar, and moving the start button a little higher on the screen.  However this limited my viewing space.  In tablet mode, portrait was uncomfortable, there isn't much room to hold the tablet in this orientation, and although some argue the battery makes a nice handle, it gets in the way. I imagined I could hold the tablet in portrait mode to read eBooks, but the screen is almost too widescreen and the reading space I was left with were extremely narrow.  When holding the tablet in landscape mode, Lenovo did a great job making it easy to hold, to prevent the accidental touch of the power button, they created a hold switch.  This was nice for watching Hulu, or any video.  I found myself loving Aero Snap- I would unmaximize my windows and center them so I could click the X button, closing programs.  The Ribbon UI of the MS Office Suite worked great with the touchscreen, but some programs did not work as well.Anyone who purchases this computer must remember that Windows 7 is a full desktop operating system with features that allow touch, and is not a trapped, compressed Apple-support-only operating system where all of the buttons and everything has been customized to the hardware.As a netbook-The netbook isn't slow.  It isn't super-fast either, it's a netbook.  The processor is pretty fast for an Atom, 1.66 GHz.  When I opened Windows task manager with all of my usual programs open, I found that I was using 82% of my memory.  I purchased 2GB of RAM on EBay for 30 dollars, and I found a significant difference in speed.  Converting to tablet mode became much faster.  Loading, minimizing, and all touchscreen functions became much more responsive.I enabled the Quick Start in the BIOS settings, and enjoyed that functionality, it was speedy, but I kept the netbook on for most of the time, and never used it extensively.OVERVIEWPROS- Great, speedy netbook (with add-on), Quick start Feature, long lasting battery (14 hours, I was able to achieve) Responsive multitouch touchscreen, Wireless N, full size keyboard.CONS- hinge moves too easily, tiny touchscreen, touchscreen loves fingerprints,  horrible speakers ( tinny sound)  have to pay extra for Windows Upgrade.