Like others, I have been looking forward to the Xoom for a long time, or any decent Android tablet for that matter. I can't believe it's taken half a year and it's the only decent one to arrive, and it is seriously flawed. I played with it and almost bought it because it is a nice tablet. I'm glad I didn't go through with it, though, as I would have simply had to go back and return it. Yes, it would have likely done what I needed it to do, but I'm just not willing to give a company that much of my money for such a half-cocked product. There's the obvious ones, such as no working SD card slot and no flash (stock), which need no further elaboration.Edit: I was informed by a Xoom owner that flash has indeed been recently added and is working fine.And of course the proprietary power, which I think a lot of people, including Motorola, are missing a big point with regard to: It's not just about having to spend $30 for a charger, but then if said charger gets left behind, you're out of luck, with absolutely no backup except maybe being able to pick one up for another $30 at a nearby store. Even if USB charges slow, slow is better than nothing. Also, just because it's USB, doesn't mean people are going to be limited to the current output of a computer's USB port. A $5-20 AC/DC charger and USB cable combo can provide 1-2+ amps. So you could either spend a little more, but still less than Motorola wants, to get fast charging capability, or get slower charging for only a few dollars. I keep chargers and retractable micro-USB cables strategically placed so I always have access to one in case my phone needs a charge, and it would be nice if I could just use those same components for my tablet. Even if I could overlook every other flaw with this device, this is the one that absolutely will keep me from buying one.The last major flaw I've discovered with the Xoom is the case. Motorola released a nice, expensive, fragile device without making sure a good, protective case is available for it. The one they released is generally reviewed very poorly, and there aren't many other options, and not one I could find that is a portfolio type. The whole Xoom release was handled very poorly, and I hope Motorola suffers for it. I love to see the competition to Apple, both because I'm not a fan of Apple and competition in general is good, but companies need to wake up.Finally, Android devices have a bad history of receiving one OS update and then being abandoned, not to mention taking forever to receive that update after Google releases it. Hopefully the non-subsidized tablets will be different, but I have my doubts and am hesitant to make a $600 bet on it. Consumers should demand an update guarantee from Motorola before purchasing them.