To be honest, I got mine the day ICS came out and was a bit disappointed. While I was opening the box I had all these bad Amazon reviews screaming in my head as I steeled myself for yet another big technology let-down (I'd like to mention that I completely ignored all the "locked bootloader" reviews.)After I un-boxed and un-wrapped this stunningly gorgeous tablet which my iPad 2-owning wife characterized as "wow that's sexy", I immediately plugged it in so I could turn it on right away and skip the 8-hour recommended initial charge. Not thinking ahead, I did this on the kitchen counter, so I stood there for the next hour and played with it while she made supper. The first 15 minutes were great as I tried to convince myself that the fluctuating wifi signal was no big deal, there was a toaster between me and the router after all. I marvelled at the screen most, its quite breathtaking and just as bright and sharp as the iPad's.Then it slowed down. The browser wasn't quick to begin with and as I jumped in and out of more and more apps it was getting noticeably slower, it began to feel just like my DroidX. That is to say that it works, but its much better to have your socks blown off while you use cool tech stuff. We all know that feeling, that's why we're here. But my mood sank, I bought another tech toy that was "almost" as good as it was before I got it, almost lived up to the hype and the promotion. That sucks man.Then a firmware update came and I thought, "no way can this be ICS." And it wasn't, and the tablet was no better off. Then a firmware update came for the camera... big deal. Then, after another firmware update started, I began to get excited because it was taking so long. It must be big and big is good in this case. I bet I turned to my wife 20 times and said "no way ice cream sandwich comes out three days early does it?" For some reason I thought it was coming on or after the 12th. Finally I jumped on her iPad 2 and Googled and saw an announcement that it was indeed out.Now I was jazzed. I mean, wasn't ICS supposed to be the key that unlocked this beast anyway? Wasn't it the final, huge piece of this puzzle? Well let me tell you something: it was. My DroidX can't stay connected to the house wifi out in the garage reliably, my Prime now maintains 25-30% out there. And inside? Its perfect all over the place, toaster or not.Its twice as fast as when I took it out of the box and I even went back to the stock browser, its quite snappy. Also, I was flying around the Market literally as fast as my fingers could go. There is NO delay on anything in this tablet. It downloads as fast as the internet will allow and it installs apps in the blink of an eye. Everything feels instant and my socks are blown off. This is the tablet I was hoping for when I clicked Submit those long two months ago. It really is...now. I don't like putting it down, I sit and think up things to do with it or just random stuff I want to Google. StumbleUpon is so fast on this thing! I love it.I can't comment on audio or GPS as those are two things I don't care about in a tablet. Although my Acer Iconia puts out some really good sound. Also, I wrote this review on the tablet itself and with Thumb Keyboard installed, it was a pleasure