I spent a long time researching what kind of tablet to invest in before going back off to college (Illinois State). I chose the HTC Flyer for a number of reasons:1. (The Most Important Reason) The stylus! This is the only (widely available) device/tablet to fully incorporate an "active digitizer." Unlike the iPhone/iPad/Samsung Galxay/Asus Tablets/etc. The HTC Flyer is able to recognize where the stylus is on the screen RATHER THAN ONLY creating an electromagnetic field under the glass and approximating the position of input based on where the contact is made, therefore, where the EM field is disrupted, like the previously stated devices do.I have already sat through hour+ long courses and found taking notes on the device to be very easy with a small amount of learning curve.2. Small. Although i would have purchased a 10.1" version (If HTC made one) but i have found the size to be "just right." Small enough to throw in your backpack but large and solid enough to hold for extended periods of timing while note taking, or reading texts. Its also just the right size for me to be able to hold it in Portrait position and type quite efficiently with the keyboard.In landscape mode typing can be a headache at first so i recommend downloading, from the market, a keyboard called "Thumb Keyboard," which splits the keyboard in half, moving the keys in reach for either thumb.3. My bias towards HTC: I have had the HTC Incredible (Phone) for almost a year now and haven't had a single problem with it. HTC is a reliable company who builds reliable products.4. Battery: Not really a deciding factor when i was buying the device but i use it heavily and it lasts around 8-10 hours. I charge it maybe once a day.If you are looking for a tablet to watch movies, surf the web, and utilize apps, ONLY- Maybe you should check out the iPad 2 or the Asus Eee Pad.But if your looking for a great educational device; notes, textbooks, along with slightly inferior abilities, such as movies, surfing the web, etc, then this is the device for you. I absolutely LOVE my Flyer and wouldn't trade it for any other tablet right now.*Cases* Without a case/screen protector you will feel like you are handling a newborn baby. I recommend:"Skinomi TechSkin - Black Carbon Fiber FILM Shield & Screen Protector for HTC Flyer" - It's a pain in the ass to get on just right but really gives your Flyer an awesome look and real scratch-proof insurance.AND"HTC Evo 4G ViewStand Case MiniSuit Multiview Book Cover Leather Folio Stand Case for HTC Flyer / View 3G/Wifi Bonus Keychain Included - Black" - I spent a LOT of time trying to find a case that gave me the protection i need and was able to hold the stylus ($80 investment I can't afford to "just loose"). The case snaps onto the back of the device and allows it to swivel/stand in portrait/landscape mode. Great case! If nothing else BUY THIS. (I would however at least recommend a screen protector).Hope I could be of some help to someone.