I have had HP Elitebook 2730p for over two years now and I checked out 2760p recently, and love it!THE GOODIt combines the best of laptop and tablet. That is, you have the full functionality of a laptop computer, and portability of a tablet.I currently have Windows 7 Ultimate on it, along with Photoshop. It runs very smooth.The size is perfect too.There's a little light right next to the web cam. It may not look like much but believe me, in darker places, or flying when lights are turned off, it's pretty useful. The scroll ball (in tablet orientation) make it very easy to scroll pages up and down. I do find it a bit heavy to hold in hand and work, but that's because it is a fully functioning laptop.The pen input is great and the screen is very responsive. Unlike the previous version, I like that the pen doesnt just slip out of its position- it has some grabbing mechanism that keeps the pen intact unless you pull it out. I actually find it to be perfect for businesses and students- though a bit steep in price for the latter, but well worth it.After a year, the life of battery does diminish, but that is to be expected.Don't forget to buy the CD/DVD docking station. It's pretty neat and once connected, it becomes a part of tablet. Though adds to the weight, you dont have to lug it around separately. It's pretty convenient to carry and has a number of additional useful ports on it.Even without the docking station, you can connect it directly to the projector and when you 'write' on your PowerPoint or other presentations, it looks pretty cool. One very useful software program that I use on it is Microsoft's OneNote (credit for that to MS of course)! Bear in mind, when you connect it to the projector, there are no holes for the screws to keep the cable in place. So, just make sure you dont move it much or you might just lose the connection!THE BADIn tablet orientation, it does heat up after a while and may cause skin irritation.The fan is also more noisy in the tablet orientation.The covers for ports are flimsy and will fall off soon.The speakers are quite poor.THE UGLYI love HP products, but hate their customer service.  Two years ago, when I bought HP2730p (spending 3K), it arrived defective. The battery just wouldnt charge. And so started the nightmare of packing, mailing, waiting, waiting, waiting, receiving, unpacking, still not working, packing, mailing...! The battery was changed twice and still did not work. Eventually, HP decided that the unit was defective. So I mailed it back. Essentially, went computer-less for months on, and then got the replacement one. But the drivers and OS CD was defective. From day one, the hinge on the replaced unit was loose or I thought so. Took it to Bestbuy where the guy told me that it wasnt loose it was broken! So started calling HP again, but the guy on the other end wanted me to 'understand his situation' and 'not talk to his supervisor!' It was the most strange customer service that I have ever come across, oh no, it's second only to Toshiba. Anyhow, finally, tired to wasting my time, I just decided to contact HP repair, paid, and got the tablet fixed.Bottom line, you'll love the product. Just hope that you never have to deal with the HP customer/tech/repair staff. Good luck!