I have been watching and researching the tablet market for the past few months trying to decide on which tablet would be best suited for me. After watching an ton of videos, reading 1000's of reviews and playing with them at the stores, I made my choice. I decided to go with the Toshiba Thrive because of the many features and the very reasonable price. I have a smart phone so I can get most of the job done with it if I'm on the go and I also own a very impressive laptop for the home. I wanted a tablet though for quick rounds on the internet,  social media sites and movies for travelling. The Thrive is more than capable to cover anything I can throw at it. It is, in my opinion, better than an Ipad or any other tablet out right now. It has a very nice price tag for the 32GB is much much cheaper than an Ipad, has more ports for connectivity ( full size USB, full size HDMI, mini USB, and full size SD card) most other tablets either don't have the ports or offer them in a mini version which requires you to buy special cables or adapters. The other highlight is the removable battery, it holds a charge for a while during browsing and movies, but in the event it dies during use you have the option to change it out for a spare battery and keep going. Others make you stop and charge... i don't really have much to say about the camera other than it is 5MP and takes great pictures but the size of the tablet make it awkward to hold and snap. The forward facing camera is so so. The screen looks great during browsing and movies! The Thrive is also quite durable! I have dropped mine from waist onto a tile floor and it didn't even flinch! The screen was fine and remained on, the battery stayed in and it works as good as ever. I have to admit is was worried it was going to be shattered when I looked down but NOPE! All good! It has a rubberized back and is slightly thicker than most tablets, a con for most people but I perfer it. It also has two speaker on the side that rock out pretty loud. My only complaint about the Thrive is that the rear camera sticks out approx. 1mm, so when you lay it on a table it it the first thing to touch. I feel like it takes a bit of abuse and supports the weight of the tablet. I recommend the Thrive because it is the best bang for the buck and if you like something that looks and performs top notch this is it! Plus you don't have to worry about them dropping a Thrive 2.0 the day after you buy it like apple likes to do. The Thrive is and will be way ahead of it's class even when the others are are still releasing upgrades. I'm actually typing this review on the Thrive's screen keyboard and it is as good as a real keyboard. This thing is legit!