I have been playing with my Kindle Fire tonight, and here are some of my early observations. I have to warn you, I am an Amazon fan boy (I have a lot of friends that are Apple fanboys, I won't name them, they know who they are, and I might be one too).I don't think it is fair to compare it to an iPad 2, but that is about the closest thing you will find out there and I own both, so it makes it easy. The screen size is 7" (16x9 ratio) where the iPad is 10" (4x3 ratio), the picture on the Fire is pretty awesome, it has a higher ppi (pixels per inch) than the ipad2.It doesn't look like an Android tablet at all, Amazon has really put a lot of work into making it not look like Android (not to mention the fact that they never use the term Android in their marketing material). It is very responsive and it feels very solid.I have loaded up a video in mp4 format, works great. The Prime Video streaming is a really nice feature (if you are a prime member). I still dislike the interface to prime video. They don't have a queue system, so it is really hard to find (and remember) videos you want to watch in the future.I have a good amount of my music in the Amazon cloud, you get 5GB of free storage, and 20GB for $20/year. They had a deal a while back, buy any album, and get 20GB for a year, for free. The big difference between this and the Apple Cloud is that you can stream from Amazon, you don't have to download first, then play. This works for videos too! If you buy or rent a movie from Amazon, it can download to your device, and/or you can stream it. So you don't have to wait for it to download.The form factor is nice, super easy to hold in one hand (I do have big hands). The 16x9 viewing ration is really nice for watching videos. I am not crazy about the speakers, they are on the top (the end that points up, not the front) it is kind of odd, but they sound pretty good (not great).The downside is definitely the storage. It has 8GB on board, 6.5GB of useable space, with no expansion. That is a serious bummer for me, but not a deal breaker. You can store a lot of apps on there, and a few videos. Amazon does one thing really well, they no how to sell and everything they do is done to bring more people to their site/apps, and this is no different. I did notice that a few times I hit a button on the screen, I either missed it, or it wasn't responding. Not sure which. It has no lag, which was an issue in early Android phones.If you are looking for a tablet, and don't want to spend $500, this is a good option at $200. I still prefer my iPad, but if you want a tablet and and don't want to spend $500, this is a nice alternative.