My husband surprised me with my new Kindle Fire two weeks ago! I had no idea, except that I was saving my swagbucks up for one, and the night before I had figured out how long it would take. To at least February, I figured. Now I do not have a mobile phone that has the fancy bells and whistles on it, so I did not have experience with something like this before. I am used to using a computer but that is a whole different concept. We generate our own electric so during the times of low sun we have to be very frugal with our power use. At night, I was using little book lights to read with. That was the main reason I wanted a Kindle Fire, as I saw that it lights up. I had the feeling it would work well for me.I was one of those people who said I liked holding a physical book in my hands. I said I liked having my books to slip in my purse or carry around the house so when I took a break I could read. Well, I do all of those same things with my Kindle! I actually look forward to getting off my computer every night to read! The fact that you can change the brightness of the light has been a big plus for me. I am at an age when my eyesight isn't the best, even with my glasses. So to adjust the font or the brightness of it is so simple. Depending on how my eyes feel that night, I can make the font larger or the light dimmer, whatever I need. Used to be I'd have to stop reading due to the eye strain.......not anymore!When we first got it, my Kindle was connected to my husband's Amazon account because he ordered it. It was very simple to switch to my account. At first I had a little difficulty with the connection as it would not take my password, then all of a sudden, it was connected. So I would say to have patience with that issue as it may just need to be put in a few times for some unknown reason. It was no big deal though.I cannot get over how fast the books download to the kindle! I am used to the slow satellite connection on the computer, so now I feel spoiled. I seem to be able to read books so much faster on it (maybe because I can see!). It is easy to use and gives me so much enjoyment. Plus, I love all those old public domain books I can now read for free. I probably would have never seen any of them.My friend from Facebook (who put the Kindle in my head to begin with) wants one badly, and she asked me what were the three things I liked about my Kindle. And what three things I didn't like about it. I had to really think to find what I did not like. All I could come up with was that I had to charge the battery every  morning. I love everything about it! The price included! It is surprising to me that it has such a low price.Yes, the Kindle Fire has changed my reading habits for the better!