This is the almost tablet I'd been waiting for. For months now I've been salivating for a tablet without knowing exactly why: maybe it was the size factor, maybe because the iPad has been such a hit, and now with the sleek iPad2 out, I really needed to know if I wanted it just out of lust for new technology, or because it really will serve a good daily purpose for me. I've got a 15" Macbook Pro and I really love the Apple products, but could not see myself going out for an iPad2 without trying the tablet form-factor out. So when Woot and Amazon offered this for well under $300, I jumped and am very glad I did.First: this tablet is solid, well-built and surprisingly hefty for it's size, just like the original iPad. Its much reviewed screen is highly reflective and smudges easily, so with a little glass cleaner and the supplied cloth, you'll need to use them often if you care about a clean surface. You'll be gently reminded to use this mostly in landscape mode, since (1) it is a bit heavy for one handed use and (2) the back is not very tactile and will slip if not held with more than one hand.Second: the supplied Tap N Tap stock software is OK, especially when upgraded to their latest over the air version 3588 but it was still not as good as a fully modded system. While there are alternative sources to Android Market (AppBrain, App Market, Applanet, Amazon Appstore) the Android Market is still one of my favorites and works perfectly on my VeganTab 7.0.0 ROM (along with the others). I put up with the Tap N Tap for about 8 hours before I settled in, read the XDA rooting directions, watched a few You Tubes to make sure, and then did the deed. I am never looking back--the difference in speed and responsiveness is startling and not subtle.Third: Orientation. The supplied onscreen keyboards are much easier to type with your thumbs when in Portrait mode vs Landscape. I like the ones that are split with the number keys in the center, relieving you of having to press a key just to type numbers. The nice thing is that there are free and alternate keyboard apps that you can download to suit your style.Last: I wanted to see how this would behave as an e-Reader (with Amazon Kindle) and it is very good but still a bit heavy. The viewing angles are not as awful as people stated, but I do find that portrait is easier on the eyes when having to travel less left to right to read than in landscape mode. The reflective screen is never going to be as good as a Kindle (esp. outside) but then the use of each device will dictate how much this will be important to you. When reading, the landscape mode is maybe too wide but it is less prone to screen graying when tilted left to right. When held in portrait, it is actually more comfortable to me but suffers more when tilted left to right. Bottomline: the tilting of the screen up and down (in Landscape) and left to right (in Portrait) will affect your relatively limited viewing angle of this screen.All-in-all, this is so far a good buy and for those somewhat technically minded, the directions to mod the tablet are pretty straight-forward and it is worth it to get a tablet that even iPad owners would be envious of.*4-23-11 Update* This is probably too heavy for long Kindle reading. After trying to use it in either orientations, it can fatigue your hands. Needs a stand for long periods of viewing or reading. The Google Books App that it comes with VeganTab is OK but not as polished as the Kindle App, but still, certain books are actual scans of the books (e.g the 1907 edition of L. Frank Baum's "Ozma of Oz"). Pretty cool to read a classic like that. But I am going to get a keyboard-stand that I will prop it up with to read and use it as almost a netbook.Streaming Video: This can now stream Netflix so you can finally use it for that site. And the Amazon streaming works fine even though it will say "Not optimized for Mobile" (which your tablet is really not). Of course You Tube is not an issue, but some sites will stream to the gTablet depending on how operating system-specific they are.*4-25-11 Update* this weekend I had to essentially restart from zero in order to stop the Market from crashing. Tip: even though you CAN move various apps to the SD card (doable through App 2 SD Free (move app to SD)). I moved everything I could, including the Market, and that's when the problems started. So I restarted and got everything reinstalled and am cautiously moving apps over to the SD (like the non-Market ones). I also backed up everything via ClockworkMod AND Titanium backup so I can roll back (if I don't wipe the partition that I backed up on).Regarding fingerprinting: if you use Castrol Accuvision (Rain Repelling Glass Treatment) or RainX you'll find it easier to clean the screen of prints AND you will find the screen is a bit slicker to move your finger across. If the glass is squeaky clean (no Accuvision), it will tend to hold fingerprints more stubbornly and your fingers will not be as able to swipe or gesture as easily. Try it!