I did my research on tablets last year, and after months of debating, I decided that the Toshiba Thrive tablet was the one I wanted.  Then I got really excited when a refurbished Thrive was offered on Woot, so I bought it.  Within three weeks, the glass randomly cracked overnight.  I know a lot of people will think I am exaggerating, and that I must have dropped it, but honestly, I had it in a leather cover, closed the cover, put it next to the bed, flat, and went to sleep.  Woke up in the morning and the corner was cracked.  By the end of the day the crack had extended across the screen.  I called Toshiba, and they wouldn't do a thing for me.  I found a second day where Woot offered Thrives, and tried again.  This one I dropped. and part of the screen shattered.  I went back to using the first tablet, as the cracking was a minor annoyance compared to the second one, and it just steadily got worse.  I changed my mind and the Thrive was no longer the way to go.So when shopping for a new replacement, I was certainly not going to get another Thrive, and I couldn't imagine getting another Toshiba product.  And after having had a tablet for a few months, I realized that for my purposes, the only thing that was important that wasn't standard to every Android based tablet out there was to have Gorilla Glass.  I know its not unbreakable, but it is much harder to break.  So I started shopping again, and they announced the Excite.  I didn't get excited, because it was another Toshiba product.  But every other single tablet out there with Gorilla glass was either 7 inches, or priced out of my interest range.  So I checked into the Excite.It runs much more smoothly than the Thrive did, it is significantly lighter and sleeker.  I don't have a compulsive urge to own backplates in every color (luckily I talked myself out of buying any backplate for the Thrive except the silver, which I got on sale), and even though I have already dropped it once (yes, I am horribly clumsy), the glass is still intact after 3 weeks of ownership.  I am much more impressed with the durability and the speed.  The sound from the Excite exceeds the Thrive also, it sounds much more clear.  And the battery life, oh, the battery life is wonderful.  With light to moderate use, I can get two days out of the battery.  The screen is beautiful and bright and crisp, enough that I decided that it is too pretty to put an anti glare screen protector on and got a clear one instead so I can enjoy the crispness of the picture.My only cons are that it is hard to find economically priced accessories, as this is so new to the market, it takes longer than the Thrive to charge, and this only seems to happen when I leave a particular app running, but it occasionally seems to turn itself on.  This could also be related to the fact that the power and volume buttons are exceedingly easy to activate, to the point where I frequently hit the volume button by accident when holding the tablet in landscape view.All in all, I am very pleased with the Excite.  I got it for a reasonable price here at Amazon, and since I wasn't buying a refurbished model, I also opted for the square trade warranty, so even if I do manage to clumsy my way into breaking the glass, it should be covered.**edit due to experience with the tablet**The charger is less than cooperative.  For the past couple of weeks the cord has to be positioned perfectly, and even if it isn't moved (plugged in overnight, not moving it after I establish that it is being charged) the charger will disconnect itself somehow, even though it is securely plugged in.  I checked the connections at the tablet, from the usb to the wall plug, and from the wall plug into the wall each time, and all were secure, but the tablet does not charge reliably.  This is a big downside after only 4 months, and I can't find a replacement charger out there (though admittedly, I haven't looked very hard yet), they all seem to think that it charges through the usb, and I don't think this is true.However, I still love my Excite, and I have had it longer than I had either of the two Thrives and the glass has yet to crack!  So allover still a win.