First off if you want to buy one DO NOT PAY MORE THAN 499.99 for 32Gb. I bought mine from GameStop because people were selling theirs on here with jacked up prices. The MSRP is 499.99 and 599.99 for the 32Gb and 64Gb respectively, and the docks are 149.99.  If you go on ASUS's store and look at the accessories that will give you the max you should pay for them.  Anyways, this tablet is top of the line end of story. The quad core Tegra 3 gives great performance and great battery life.  The tablet can output thru the micro-HDMI port full 1080p and 3D for certain games, tested the 3D on my friends TV and no hiccups or performance issues.  The screen is amazing also the IPS+ will be great for those summer days when im working on my projects outside, I have done some rough simulations indoors but I cant wait to see how it does in the noon sun of the Midwest.  Size wise it is thin and light, physically thinner and lighter than the iPad 2 but trust me you wont notice. The camera's are good don't expect professional quality but they can hold there own with any tablet on the market.  The battery life is great I squeezed out 16 hrs today (no WiFi, Bluetooth, no back-light and on power saver mode) but on the average i get 11-13 hrs, about 7-8 hrs when im playing games that use the full potential of the Nvidia Tegra 3.  Overall this is the best tablet I have tested, i loved it so much I bought one even tho ASUS is coming out with a revision in about 3-6 months (ASUS Transformer TF700)that has a full 1080p display.  Honestly I don't need a 1080p display on my tablet a) all my stuff on my computer is 720p which works fine with the Prime's display b) you're not going to notice much difference on a 10.1" display other than 1080p files are going to be larger and c) its 100$ more.Overall great product. the only con i have about it is that amazon(us) didn't sell it, only amazon Canada did, and no I am not going to count the people or companies selling the prime thru amazon since they are not ASUS registered sellers.Update 1 year later with JB (4.1 waiting on 4.2):still the best tablet on the market in my opinion sure you don't have the stylus oops I mean S-pen as the notes but the killer feature is its keyboard dock, I average about 18-20 hrs running videos and over 20 doing simple tasks. the only down side is its wifi but its not as bad as people make it out to be.  Sure its not as sensitive as the newer ones but really there's not much difference, all the area's that are dead with my prime is dead with my friends infinity and speeds are comparable ~2%. ASUS has really worked hard on making the wifi and the GPS better and they have improved greatly since day 1.  Overall performance is still great even tho there are newer and shinier tablets, but the tegra 3 is showing its age with the tegra 4 coming soon, can you say xbox 360/PS3 graphics on a tablet?  finally I have read people complaining that the graphics look no different than on their phone, all I have to say is look for games labeled "THD" (tegra HD) they bring out the most of a tegra device, standard games like "where's my perry" or "shadowgun" are designed for all android systems but "ShadowGun THD" is going to be better since it was developed with the tegra in mind.  Just because you put an ps1 game in a ps3, doesnet make the game have ps3 graphics and physics, same applies for apps.