I have to say that I love this tablet more now that it has Honeycomb (Android 3 OS)than when it had Gingerbread (Android 2 OS). The reason for getting this tablet was so that I could have a companion for my laptop for college. I was tired of lugging around 5 to 7 pounds of technology just to go on the internet to do research or type out something while I was on break at work. I was leaning towards the Nook Tablet and the Kindle Fire for the longest time but when I measured them up to the HTC Flyer, there was no question. I already have a Nook Touch e-reader so I was looking for an android interface that allowed me to take notes and do word docs like a computer with a 7 inch screen. I had tried out many different devices at Best Buy and decided that 10 inch was way too big and anything smaller than a 7 inch was just an oversize phone. In short here are the qualities about the HTC Flyer.Pros:*pen option and use of cheap stylus($40 to $80 extra but worth it and is now integrated to work with almost every app with Honeycomb update)*notes with Evernote that allows you to record, timestamp, connect to calender, and insert just about anything in the notes plus handwrite (I have used this many times and have saved me a lot of trouble with paper and pen with taking notes)*front and back facing cameras (really great for taking pictures of the charts in textbooks plus for video chat and Skype)*open market for apps (as opposed to the Kindle Fire and Nook Tablet and Blackberry OS tablets restriction to just their markets)*speakers (pretty loud and good quality for a small device in comparison with other "stereo" smart devices)*expandable memory (microSD allows the already big memory of 16G to be expanded to close to infinity)*clear, crisp screen (I have watched movies on Netflix and compared it to my HDTV and my HD display on my laptop and they were all pretty much the same)*bluetooth 3.0 compatible (pretty much any generic bluetooth keyboard will work)*screen responsiveness is very quick and very light touch is only needed*battery life longer than my smartphone (around 3 days if you mess with it for about 4 hours on and off each day and are connected to wi-fi)Cons:*funky charger output (MHL port and DLNA capability so you can output to bigger screens as HTC state but I would have liked microUSB or just USB 2.0 or 3.0 just so I could connect other devices without buying special cables)*major glare on the screen BUT easily fixed by $1 anti-glare matte screen protector I found on Amazon*comes with Gingerbread OS and you have to update*Wi-Fi only (unless you want to get the 3G and pay for a plan but I would still expect 4G)*no lock mode for the on-screen keyboard while using HTC pen (scribe) or external/bluetooth keyboard (it get quite annoying that you can't rest your hand on the screen when writing or touch the cursor to the right place when typing without the keyboard popping up)*didn't come with the pen (some HTC Flyers come with the pen while others are packaged without)*a little heavy (if you are a guy 1.5 lbs to 2 lbs isn't going weigh much but if you are holding it for a long time it gets to you more than a phone would) This is the only con that I really don't mind because its a mini laptop.*Retail price pushes $600.00 (I got mine around the holidays from Best Buy for $300 but I had to wait 3 weeks to get it because it was backordered).In all, I would recommend it to anyone. I absolutely love it. Its small enough to fit into most purses and to most hoodie pockets. I was even able to fit in my scrubs' side pocket. I do everything on it for school (even write Word docs with an app and bluetooth keyboard). If you have kids, it has a kids mode. Dock mode is great (even if you don't have a dock) for at night so you can set alarms. The only reason I wouldn't buy it again would be if I have to pay more than $400 for it.