I wanted to know what I was missing and apparently it was my money.You're dependent on iTunes and it's junk. Apple products are said to be easy to use but they don't live up to the hype. iTunes expects the user to know what to do. There are no clues as to how it should be used. All of that money and they can't even afford tool tips. I've spend an hour trying to figure out how to put a PDF into my iPad and it's like pulling teeth. A simple task made difficult by a bad design. Why can't I just drag and drop the files using Windows explorer like every other hardware product in the world? Why so difficult?Apple had an edge when they were first to market. Now they're relying on the loyal base and offer no advantages. Pay more and do less. Still no USB or SD card slots? It makes every task difficult.Good for browsing the web and checking email but not much more.I had to try it and regret the purchase.Simple tasks could be A LOT easier.------------------------------------------------------------------After wasting another hour of my life I finally figured out how to put PDFs onto this piece of junk. When I first started iTunes there was only one menu available and it was hidden under a graphic in the upper left corner of the app. I "Added files to library" from the menu and selected my PDFs. This made them appear in iTunes under Books but it didn't put them on my iPad even after several syncs and prayer.The solution(of course) was to select Show Menu Bar from the first menu to get a second menu (File, Edit, View, ...), then I could select View Side Bar to get a third menu I needed to add my PDFs. The first screen they appeared in was also labeled Books but it is obviously something different. After doing a sync the PDFs didn't appear in the Acrobat Reader where I expected them(why would they?) and I eventually found them in iBooks.The PDFs still won't appear in either of the PDF apps I installed.  Why not? This makes absolutely no sense. Easy? No.I tried using the iPad search feature but it can't find the PDFs that are on the iPad even though they show up in iBooks. The files are there. Why doesn't search find them? Because iPads are over priced JUNK! Basic functionality doesn't work.Apple products are supposed to be easy to use but they are far from it.Very disappointed.  Not designed well and lots of room for improvement. It makes me wonder what they've been working on for the last few years. It wasn't usability.------------------------------------------------------------------The more i use it, the more I hate it.  This weekend I received a message from iCloud Backup that has rendered my iPad completely useless.  When I tap OK to dismiss the message it keeps coming back. I can't dismiss the message, I can't interact with any apps, I can't power it down, I can't pull the battery. What am I supposed to do? Is this why everybody goes to the Apple store?