I too took advantage of the great price, warranty, and return policy at Costco and picked one up yesterday. I'm very impressed, and will add a more detailed review later. Things are moving along nicely - maybe too nicely (see below). I downloaded a file manager and also paid the $15 to get the full version of Documents to Go (which allows edits and creation of new documents - essentially MS Office for Android). I've been able to create and edit Word files on the unit and then copy them to a thumb drive, and to open Word files on a CF card in a card reader attached to the tablet. I've also been able to open/play music and videos on a thumb drive or CF card, and copy them to local memory or to a micro SD card inserted in the tablet. Next test (not today) will be to try connecting an external hard drive. I'm still examining battery life, but it uses almost no power when in standby, and I've used it intermittantly for at least 5 hours since last night (after the first charge), and it showed 30% when I had to plug in the power to install the pushed Android update (from 3.0 to 3.1) this afternoon. I'd estimate at least 8 hours of solid use once the battery has settled in.As for too nicely - my wife will be going to a conference from Wednesday afternoon until Sunday morning. When she went last year, she took our netbook as she didn't want to carry the weight of her laptop when walking too/from the conference in Washington summer temperatures, especially as she'll typically be carrying papers and books too. She was happy she just had the netbook last year. This year she's decided that the tablet will do everything she needs, as long as she uses the Swype virtual keyboard, which I've downloaded and installed for free. So, I get one more day to play/test and then it's gone for 5 days!As for negatives, they're for Honeycomb, not the tablet - many of my existing Android Apps won't install, even key ones like Facebook (I must use the browser) and the Amazon Android app store. But Android tablets are new, so I expect this to change very shortly.Before buying this I was very tempted by the Toshiba Thrive and the Asus Transformer, as they each offer features I'd like. BUT, this is so much cheaper than the others, and has a solid reputation, so I think I made the right choice.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------It's now been about three months, and the tablet continues to work very well - now at Honeycomb 3.2. A number of the Apps that didn't work (such as the Amazon App market) have been working fine since 3.1. The keyboard was initially an issue, with low typing accuracy, but we've solved that by switching to the standard Android keyboard and turning off the auto-complete (or connecting a $15 compact USB keyboard, when desired). The best feature is as a photography tool - I use Astro File Manager to copy photos from my DSLR CF card, using a standard USB card reader, to a 32 GB microSD card in the tablet for backup. I then run CR2 Thumbnailer and select the ones I want to convert to JPGs and save those, which I can copy to a thumb drive, if desired. The second great photography function uses DSLR Controller with my Canon 7D. This allows me to control the camera with the standard USB cable, showing the Live View image on the tablet, where I can adjust exposure and set the focus point, and then trigger the shot.If I could give it 6 stars, I would. By the way, I liked it so much that we bought a second (just a 16 GB) for my daughter and wife to share.