As with many Apple products, the form factor of the iPad is amazing and what is does, it does incredibly well. There are other products that do similar things but not the way the iPad does. It is a beautiful and amazing media machine, and it will only get better over time.  It may become a constant companion.  Thankfully it is relatively light!What really separates the iPad from other computing devices is the App store.  The incredible selection of applications and the ease of downloading them is unmatched.  IPhone users already know the wonders of the App store, but the iPad takes it to another level.  The Pages word processor or the Keynote presentation program for $9.99 each?  Games and productivity apps for free or for a couple of dollars?  Unique piano simulators for free or next to nothing?  NY Times or USA Today for free?  Netflix at the tips of your fingers?  UTube fast and easy?  Obviously I could go on and on, but visiting the App Store is like being a kid in a candy store.  So much and so cheap.  And you know the number of apps will continue to grow.  Apple's tight control over the apps had a good and bad side: the good being the quality of the apps, the bad being someone else deciding what can't be sold for the iPad.  In this case, the good outweighs the bad.I read an article saying that you had to lie to yourself about what you were going to use the iPad for to justify its purchase.  No lead to lie, just find it at the app store!  If it isn't there yet, it probably will be.  What are the killer apps?  Time will tell.  But more than anything it is the incredible combination of inexpensive applications available that makes the iPad unique.Sure people have had a field day over what they consider to be the shortcomings of this device.  Personally I feel they have blown them out of proportion.  The lack of flash is a temporary problem since many sites are moving to html5.  Can't say that I would mourn the demise of flash.  It has created as many problems as it has solved.  Sure a camera would be a nice addition, and it will probably arrive in the next generation.  Multitasking is definitely coming in a few months.The iPad will have a bigger impact than even most of its optimistic supporters realize.  And the reason is simple.  It's all about the Apps.UPDATE MAY 14, 2010:From several weeks of use, I stand by what I said about the apps.  Things I have noticed that I did not mention above:Pros: -- Instant on.  No waiting for a computer to go through all the start up process to start using it.  It makes me want to reach for it and turn it on more often than a laptop or desktop.  It's right there when you need it! -- Speed.  Surfing the web is incredibly smooth and fast.  There are a few web sites where I have noticed the lack of flash support, but for the most part surfing the web has become a real pleasure. -- Games.  Amazing.  Even solitaire is fun again.  But games like Labyrinth 2 HD and Sparkles HD really bring out the best graphics and features of the IPad.  I own practically every dedicated video game machine made, and this beats them all for puzzle and arcade games. -- Newspapers and magazines.  Instead of the morning paper, I now enjoy my morning IPad.  Reading the latest news on this machine is a new and exciting experience.  Once you have done it, you don't want to go back to plain old paper. -- The mail client is so easy to set up and to use.  Well designed and a real complement to a desktop system. -- I continue to be amazed by the brightness and clarity of the screen.  A definite wow factor even after weeks of use.Cons: -- Lack of a true file system.  There's no finder to sort through and find your files.  Even though there is an app for reading pdf files, it should be a lot easier.  The only way to find files is to open the app associated with them. -- The instant gratification of the App Store can be addictive.  Even though I've downloaded a lot of free apps, I have gone through a good chunk of change on paid apps, thinking "Oh, it's only $4.99 or $9.99."  Believe me, they add up! -- All right, I give in on the lack of multitasking.  Should have been there from the beginning.  Although the instantaneous switching between apps almost makes up for it, along with the multi-page display of web pages in Safari.  I wish there was at least a "go back to your previous app" button. -- Yes, the constant wiping off finger prints from the screen.  No way around it. -- The tiny buttons on some web pages are hard to hit exactly with your finger.  Takes practice and a good aim!