I'm a fan of Apple. I have been since my first Apple product, the iPod Touch. So, of course, I have been considering an iPad since the 1st generation tablet was introduced. I waited and waited, and the price remained a deterrent.  Enter Amazon and the Kindle Fire.  After becoming a near-expert on Kindle Fire reviews, I felt adequately informed to make a decision. Even after test driving the iPad, I still pre-ordered the Kindle Fire. After a couple weeks of enjoying my new tablet, I have no regrets. So far, the Fire has almost everything I wanted, and has everything I needed from the iPad.  Here's what I love about the Fire and I think this list provides a little insight into how Amazon convinced me to branch out from the Apple tree:1) Portability: The Kindle Keyboard reader (a recent gift from my wife) sold me on this feature. I wanted a tablet that would slide in my coat pocket just like the Kindle. Being able to hold the device in one hand while watching videos or reading magazines was a big selling point for me. One sign of the Fire's success: iPad owners are starting to dream of a 5x7 iPad. Did anyone ever think that another company would create a format that Apple devotees would want to adopt? Especially a format that Steve Jobs so readily dismissed.2) Key App Selection: Yes, Amazon has a limited selection of apps compared to Apple. Really, though, how many of those million apps from iTunes are junk? How many of them just clutter the marketplace as you look for ones you really want or need? Don't get me wrong, I like a greater pool of choices. But I consider the limited selection something that will soon change once app developers see the number of Fires sold. Until then, there were a few key apps that I wanted on the iPad, and when I saw them available on the Fire, it helped me make my choice. Email, art, media, and document production and editing apps all gave me the full features I wanted. From a customer satisfaction standpoint, I am really impressed with Amazon's free app every day. To everyone labeling the Fire as simply an entertainment tablet: I've been pleasantly surprised at how much productivity it offers. I've got apps to create full documents and presentations, email access, and Sketchbook Pro, just to name a few of the apps that are helping me create and not just process others' creations.3) Magazines: I get too many print magazines. Most come free from old airline miles I cashed in and I enjoy them, but the stacks are growing and I've wanted to recycle them. The Kindle Fire's digital magazines look great, notably Wired magazine, which I've read for a couple years in print. I saw complaints in other reviews about the magazine format on the Fire. I don't have that complaint. The Fire doesn't have the real estate that the iPad offers, but I feel the magazine format doesn't lose its impact on the smaller screen. Note regarding the screen-size comparisons and reading complaints: I got the feeling with many reviews I read that most of the reviewers were reviewing the Kindle Fire from a stepping-down perspective, i.e., comparing everything to how it looked on the iPad. That's fine, but I think it's also unrealistic. I think many customers are moving up to the Fire from their smart phones. I've spent three years reading magazines, articles, and websites on the iPod Touch, zooming in and out to get the page view I wanted. That's not a complaint. It's a statement of how accepting we are of that format. For all the big numbers of iPads sold, the iPod Touch and iPhone has sold more. Isn't it possible that millions of people will feel like the Kindle Fire gives them extra screen-size in comparison to their phones?4) Comic Books: Yep, this was an attraction for the iPad. Marvel Comics' app was one of the early iPad apps promoted in various reviews, and not just by geeks and comics fans. As soon as I saw the Comixology app for the Fire, I knew I was getting closer to making my decision. I don't think the iPad or any other digital device gives the true reading experience of a comic book. There's something about the timing of comics and sequential art that can't be captured in an eReader in the way that a traditional book can be transferred. However, Comixology does a good job with their digital comics and for economic reasons, I love the option of buying comics for less than the typical $3.99 cover price, not to mention the free comics and previews available.5) Freebies: The Kindle Fire has been criticized as nothing more than a sleek portal into Amazon that allows you to spend more money on Amazon products. I disagree. After two weeks my Fire was loaded with apps and I hadn't spent a dime. Amazon has actually made this possible with free apps every day, a number of free apps available from developers, and the free trial subscriptions to magazines and videos. After two weeks, I finally purchased a couple apps, as Amazon knows will happen for other Fire customers. I like the fact, though, that I can be productive and entertained without feeling like I have to send a constant stream of money to Amazon. The customer service impact from this is incredible.  For hundreds of dollars less, I got a tablet that does everything I wanted the iPad to do. As someone who wouldn't consider any product outside the Apple orchard until a couple months ago, I'm glad to say that the Fire has converted me.