Hi there! I have just recently received an ipad, and for the most part, it is absolutely useless, for me at least.Let me tell you a bit of my background, I am a college student with a part time job. I have a powerful desktop and a semi-powerful laptop. My laptop has about 9-11 hours of battery life (asus ul30vt, $600). It also have 2 graphics card, 1 for hardcore gaming, and 1 for power saving, very intuitive. I also own a Mytouch Slide smartphone. My computer background is slightly advanced. Below is some aspects important to me (college student).General Use:The Ipad is for the most part useless to me. My laptop is only $100 more expensive, but much more useful, and it only weighs 3 pounds, with about the same battery life. I'm not trying to advertise for Asus, but just comparing laptops to this ipad. At home, I use my desktop most often. At school and work, I use my laptop for notetaking and serious work. On the bus, I use my smartphone for various stuff. The only time I find myself using the ipad is when I am in the bathroom taking a dump, or on bed watching videos (early morning or late at night when I am too lazy to get out of bed). It actually works fairly good on bed because it doesn't overheat, it is always cool. My laptop always makes my blanket too hot after a while.Battery:If the ipad came 2 years ago, it would definitely be the best gadget ever because of the insane 10 hour battery life, but nowadays, many netbooks and laptops offer that amount for much less.Gaming:I find the games on the ipad fairly dull as I am much into hardcore games like Halo, COD, starcraft, etc.Use-abilityMostly everything the ipad can do, including ebooks, I can do on my laptop. The pros of the ipad can be experienced for novice to casual computer users. The ipad OS is very simple and clean. It's also very smooth. However for my generation, computer is a very big part of our lives.Apps:Because of all the apps, the ipad can be used for a lot of different things. However...you have to have the money. Yes you can jailbreak it, but that's the same as stealing.Keyboard:Speaking of which. The ipad keyboard is not bad. However, to type correctly with minimum error, you have to look at the keyboard because you can't touch type with the virtual keyboard, and also you have to lift you palm away from the keybaord because the slightest touch can make a letter click. The auto correction system is OK, not great.Portability:The ipad is only 1.5 pounds, but it is as big as a netbook. Which means, I will have to bring a bag or backpack. May be useful if you carry a medium sized purse that you can fit an ipad in (but this is for college review).Price:I got my ipad used (mint condition, 16gb wifi) for $400. You can get a brand new 16gb wifi for $450 on Craigslist fairly easily. It is NOT WORTH it to buy a 32 or 64gb version because Apple overpriced the upgrade. I mean...come on, $100 for such a small upgrade? no wonder they don't offer removable memory, so that they can force people to buy the bigger memory. Also a 3G chip shouldn't cost $130 to upgrade.Performance:The OS is very smooth, but I did find some lag. A few times it just froze, it wouldn't register any of my touches.Multitasking:simply doesn't have it, should wait for the 4.2 upgrade. I use AIM for instant messaging, and if I press the home button, it exits out of AIM. It doesn't sign me off immediately, but it also doesn't tell me if I received a new IM or not. I have to go back into AIM to see if anyone replied.Social:For the most part, college students will view you as an Apple fanboy, which is NOT a good thing. For our generation, we tend to favor variety. Apple products in general are very strict and linear.People who may want to buy an ipad:1. don't have a long battery life laptop or netbook2. not technologically experienced, casual users3. casual gamers.4. all about the apps (if you can afford it).5. travel alot.6. Have the money.7. don't need multitasking.People who will regret buying an ipad:1. have a all-around laptop with great battery life2. no empty niche for ipad3. hardcore gamer4. touch-typist5. Video chatting is a normThis is just what I feel. 3 stars because it is an OK product. Yes it is smooth and very nice to hold, but not really what I need, or even want. I am looking to sell my ipad because it doesn't fit any niche in my life. However, like I said, the ipad will be perfect for people who needs an extremely portable device with great battery life. But then again, you can always buy the Asus 1005pe netbook (12 hours of battery) for about $280. or my Asus UL series for about $600. (yes i LOVE asus, they are the best laptop/netbook company, check them out, much better than HP, Toshiba, Gateway, Acer). The one thing that is incomparable with the ipad is its multitouch and smoothness. However, come 2011, the ipad should have a lot of competitors coming out.-College Student 101