3 weeks in and I'm ready to put a review out.I bought the playbook because I really wanted an introductory tablet (price wise). I own the Bold 9930 and from what I could tell, the playbook was going to extremely complimentary.Pros:* The small and compact design is great as a travel companion.* I own the 32GB playbook, which I've found to keep a great deal of music and info. I routinely use it as an external hard drive and copy files from my desktop to keep with me while I'm on the go.* Having the docs to go app has been great. Although they are not the full versions, they provide enough firepower to get the job done.* The bridge application serves as security for the playbook. Other Wi-Fi only tablets require email account set up. For instance, you set up Gmail and whenever you connect to a Wi-Fi network your email is refreshed and calendars and contacts will reflect the latest changes. With the playbook, if you have a blackberry phone, you simplify bridge the two devices and you have instant access to everything on you phone. My phone has all emails, contacts and calendars so there is no need to duplicate efforts.* Now the playbook has access to many of the popular android apps. Because I'm not terribly interested in every app, the ones of necessity were readily available to side load on my playbook.* Using my bold as a remote control. I find that typing on the actual phone is a bit faster than typing on the notebook itself. To each his/her own, but when you've been busing a blackberry for a long time, you find that typing on it is second nature. I'm sure I'll come around to typing on the actual playbook for smaller tasks.* Being able to expand the memory of the PB by increasing the memory SD card in my phone. Since you can access your phones SD card, you can literally have 32GB on the phone and 32GB onboard the PB. The capabilities become vast with that amount of storage space available to use, and this is on the go too.* Using the "view on my PB" feature. How many times do you find a site that you wish you could view on a larger screen?  With this option, you can always utilize the PB full Internet browser to view anything of interest that you first received on your phone.Cons* Since the apps primarily come from the android platform, there isn't always seamless compatibility. For instance, dropbox will not all uploading from files stored on the playbook.* Music - this is a bit of a personal beef, but with all the music I have on my phone, I'd love to just make a playlist on my PB using the music from my phone. Currently, you can only access one song at a time from your phone to your PB.* Can only open one type of docs to go document at one time. For instance, you can only open one excel file at a time. You can have more than 1 excel file open. If you open a 2nd file, it will close your first. Wish you could have multiple excel files open at once.* Bridge destroys the battery life of the phone when using the tethering option. I guess you can't have it all.* Video store could stand to be updated.All in all, the PB does what every other tablet does. It hasta fast processor, front and rear camera with enough megapixels to take great shots, a video recorder, The ability to watch movies and listen to music, and has a great internet browser with flash.  I understand the beef that the app store is lacking. If you're into apps, and the apps your looking for can't be side loaded, then your right, this may not be the tablet for you. But if your looking for a tablet that has a fundamental ability to make you more productive, allows you to kill some time with movies and a few games, let's you read e-books and has the option to expand the storage space (via owning a blackberry phone) for an affordable price; I guess I don't know where you can wrong. Like other tablets, if you own the tablet makers phone, you'll be able to take advantage of a few more bells and whistles. No doubt having a blackberry makes this tablet more viable. Don't fall for the hype that there are no apps. And don't fall for the hype that this isn't a powerful tablet. I think for your first tablet, this is the way to go. You learn what you like and what you would like to change without breaking the bank. I think you will be pleasantly surprised with how useful this tablet can be when you put it to task.