*UPDATE!Amazon has the specs wrong for this WIFI version of the Galaxy Tab!!!  The processor and the specs are *DOWNGRADED* for the WIFI version.* The process is not the faster/better Hummingbird as advertised, it is an older/slower Cortex processor* It is advertised as Bluetooth 3.0 - it is only BT 2.x* The included Video Chat application Qik does not work at all!!I spoke with a technical service rep two minutes ago, and he confirmed all of this. So, you are not getting the product that Amazon is advertising BEWARE!  Please note: I am not faulting Amazon here.  I believe the fault lies with Samsung for providing factually incorrect information to Amazon.From the specs on Amazon's Galaxy Tab WIFI page:*1 GHz Samsung Hummingbird processor speeds up everything*1.3-megapixel front-facing camera for video chat*Next-generation Bluetooth 3.0 connectivity provides faster throughput while minimizing on power requirements. It's compatible with new Bluetooth 3.0-enabled devices as well as backward compatible with older Bluetooth-enabled peripherals such as headsets and printers.The WIFI Galaxy Tab fails all three "spec items" from the product page!-----------------First, I would give this 1.5 stars for non-technical oriented people.  For "techies" it's a good-4 star product.Great:* Size.  I wanted this size.  Not many 7 inches to choose from.  Unlike an iPhad or XOOM, this device you can comfortably hold in one hand.  That is very nice.* Screen.  Extremely nice.  Bright in daylight, crisp* Power.  I do long bike rides of 7+ hours.  Using my sweet Verizon MiFi device, and this, it lasts all day long with the GPS and WIFI on.  I occasionally turn on the device to use it when I hear the notification.  I wouldn't take it with me, but on long rides, I do need to stay in touch with my clients.  This thing excels, based upon my personal experience, at power management.* Speakers.  Wow!  Much better than any Netbook or Notebook computer I have ever had.Sweet:* Flash.  Sorry, iPhad users.  Too many websites still rely on Flash for better or worse.  I can browse the complete  web with this thing (except Hulu because of their own crippling of their site on Android).  Also, I get to watch Colbert Report and the Daily Show without a single glitch using my installed Opera Browser.* Video.  It does a decent job at making 720p videos.  For the past 60 days, I was getting excited about buying the ASUS Transformer, but the video quality based upon Engadget review (and others), is AWFUL!  So, since I need to use it to make videos occasionally, this disqualified the Transformer for me completely.  The Galaxy Tab does a good competent job at videos and photo.  It's not great, but good enough.Weight.  Since I have to take this thing with me when I go out for long bike rides, the weight is just at the top end for me, at one pound.  The size and weight of an iPhad or a 10-inch Android device would be a bit too much for me (those are around one and a half pounds).Okay:* Speed.  It ain't a desktop.  Sometimes very sluggishBad:* Android (2.2.x) - clunky to navigate* The unit has "frozen" on me several times.  I had to hold the power button down until it shuts off. Then do the same for it to come back on.I have been holding out for a good MeeGo tablet.  It looks like I still have a few quarters to wait.  Also, I am a web developer, and I needed a device like this to validate our work.Side comment... for years "Linux" has been bashed for being "too hard" to use.  Let me tell you, Linux (Gnome or KDE) is super easy compared to Android OS.  A) This thing is cumbersome; B) it is buggy; C) I get the feeling it is still an experimental thing, like a prototype.