I'll mix it up a little and start with the things I don't like about the iPad 2. I sold my iPad 2 a while back, but I now have an iPad 3 and iPad Air. 4 iPhones, and an iMac.  On the other side of the fence I own a Kindle Fire HDX 7", and did own a 7" Lenovo tablet, both of which I like also.  Obviously the only draw-back I can think of with the iPad 2 is the poor resolution, which probably isn't even that big of a deal to some people. To me it's a deal breaker, and that is why I sold my iPad 2, however when I got the iPad 3 and realized how much heavier it was, I actually kind of regretted getting rid of my older version!  I absolutely love the light weight of the 2, ALMOST as much as I love the Retina display of the successive models.  I honestly can't tell any real difference in the speed of the 2, vs. the 3, vs even the Air! I guess I'm not all that much into games anymore, which is probably the only place the upgraded power and speed of the newer iPads would ever come in to play anyway!  As I mentioned before, the Retina display to me is a very worthwhile tradeoff even for a heavier iPad.  I actually prefer my iPad w/ Retina and keyboard case to a much more expensive Mac book Air, without Retina display. The reason being, no matter how close you set the iPad to your eyes (such as laying in bed with it sitting on your chest, the clarity is just like reading printed material right out of a book, and to me that's more important than a big screen any day of the week! I much prefer the new fire wire charging cables over the 32 pin one that the iPad 2, android tablets, and other phones use.  I hate having to worry about which side is supposed to be up or down...  The reason I would go with an iPad 2 over any of the other Android tablets, including the Kindle Fire, even though probably all the android tablets have far superior hardware for the same amount of money, is that iEnvironment. iOS, iTunes, iCloud, better quality apps, even from the exact same software on iOS vs. Android.  Owning something from Apple is not about a status symbol or anything like that for me, to me it's like owning a piece of art that makes my heart go pitter-pat every time I pick one up or sit down to relax with one on my chest.  My satisfaction and joy of owning and using such device with such a OS and compatibility with everything in my book is well worth the extra money that Apple charges for their devices.  I'm also very proud to support an American company, versus a Chinese or Korean one... sorry, but do you haters even stop to think that all the Chinese and Korean equipment use poorly paid and poorly cared for cheap labor in China just like Apple does... duh!