It is really sad that because a bunch of people weren't able to get a Touchpad for next to nothing from OnSale that they had to give the PRODUCT bad reviews.  People need to realize that this is an outlet for product reviews and not seller reviews...there is a separate place for that. This is a perfect example of how it damages the product image. On to the actual product review.  Update: I was referring to the 400+ 1 star reviews regarding OnSale and the 16 gb "discounted" version (which is the same thing, but a different model number). You can leave seller feedback after you've placed an order (under your account orders).I've been an avid Android OS user for two years now and before purchasing a Touchpad I had never used WebOS, but I'd heard good things about it.  I was able to grab one of these for the discounted price and I don't think I would have bought one otherwise.  Not because I don't think the Touchpad is a poor product, but because I think touchpads in general are overpriced.  From my experience in the past few days I must say that I'm pleasantly surprised. I thought I was going to be getting a mediocre experience but thus far it has been wonderful.  The WebOS system is very cool and I like how all of my opened "apps" or windows are right there in front of me so I can see what is going on.  Very cool how you can be loading up in one web browser and then switch over to another app. I know you can do this in Android, but you can't see what is going on in both windows like in WebOS.  There aren't very many apps in the appstore, but I knew that going in. And, besides, how many apps do you really need?  Checking email, browsing the web, watching movies, listening to music, facebook, checking news, video chatting, etc. is all I really need to do. If I am going to do anything more involved than that I will just use my laptop. And you do get 50GB Box.net cloud storage for life...equivalent to around $15/month.The device itself is pretty fast and I didn't experience any severe lag when I was working with 4+ apps open at the same time. The screen is bright and vibrant.  The speakers don't go extremely loud but are appropriate for listening to pandora or watching a movie.  GPS would have been cool, but it's not really necessary, that's what my phone is for.  I had some trouble streaming TV shows off of FOX, ABC, etc., but that may have just been my wifi connection.  I gave it four stars because of the price.  Yes I did get it for under $150, but I am rating it on the MSRP.  For what you get I would say it is probably worth $400 rather than $500.Update: Updating the OS from 3.0.0 to 3.0.2 is kind of a pain.  On one of mine, I couldn't even update using the Touchpad update app and I had to use the WebOS doctor (which factory resets the device, although everything is backed up with your webos account). On my other Touchpad I was able to get the device to update using the app after several tries but now the camera doesn't work! So, I will now have to use WebOS doctor on that one too. A bit of a hassle so I'd recommend updating and making sure everything works before you start adding email, facebook, etc. accounts.Update: WebOS Doctor did fix the camera issue so I guess updating over the air didn't give me a complete update. I would highly recommend visiting the HP site and getting this software (free) to update your Touchpad or solve any problems.