Cons:Small SSD hard drive.  32GB is nothing to write home about, especially when the OS takes up a bulk of the precious space.  Takes the mini-sata version of the SSD, which costs a bundle to do a simple upgrade to 64GB.  Not worth it.  The AMD c-50 processor isn't the fastest thing either with dual cores running at 1Ghz.  Also, the Acer Ring takes a while to load.  Sometimes when you put all five fingers down - the Acer Ring activation message - it doesn't work.  Just better to hit the Acer Ring icon on the desktop and wait.  Most of the categories on the Acer Ring are junk, but it's the quickest and easiest way to access the cameras.  The USB ports are located on the bottom - so if you have it in a case and want to use the USB slots, you have to lay it flat - which is a dumb design, especially if you use the case to stand it up and want to use a full sized wireless keyboard and mouse.  I wish the dockable keyboard had a track pad instead - I would use it much more often, but as it is, I just tossed it somewhere.  Cannot install more RAM.  Does not have palm-canceling technology when using a pen to write notes.Pros:Support for SDXC - means I purchased a 64GB SDXC card where I install all of my programs and have all of my media stored.  Battery lasts 4 hours - plenty of time to keep you entertained in the doctor's office.  Faster than single core Windows-based tablets such as the Exo-PC.  Super bright screen and accurate finger touch controlling, even on non-touch friendly programs.  Regular sized HDMI port, so no need for an adapter cable.  Comes with a dockable keyboard, which is handy since it doubles as a protective case for the screen.  Front facing and rear facing cameras with decent quality.  Small, but not too small, and in a case, looks like a little book or day planner.  Needless to say, very portable - much more so than pretty much any laptop or netbook.  Weight and size isn't an issue.  It has run every program I installed pretty well, Adobe Photoshop CS4, Adobe Acrobat X Pro, MS Office 2010, VLC, NERO 10 and others.  Burns DVDs perfect with a USB powered DVD burner.Comments:I purchased this and an EXO-PC.  The design of the EXO-PC is much better, but the functionality and performance of the Acer beats it out.  The Acer is also smaller, more portable and has much more aftermarket support.  I normally carry mine around in a case that doubles as a stand.  I use it all the time at work, the doctor's office and at the mechanic waiting for my car to be fixed, and wherever else I can snag some free wi-fi.  It has an issue with connecting to some older Linksys wireless routers, but I've only encounterd that once.  The keyboard is ok as I've used it when holed-up in a hotel, but I still have to use a wireless mouse.  It's a great travelling companion, especially when you need to get some work done in MS Word or Excel, which is often for me.  I have other non-Windows tablets, and most seem aimed at entertainment.  For the price, I wanted something practical and productive.  I don't need it to play games, and playing movies and music or reading e-books is the same as on any other Windows 7 based machine.  And if I'm itching to play something over my network or from a USB drive, I don't have to worry about connectivity, converting, or compatibility...it's a Windows 7 based computer in slate form.  Many will equate it to a netbook without a keyboard, but it's faster than many of the dual core netbooks out there (mainly the cheaper versions - which is almost all of them).  The only upgrade I can see from this slate is the ASUS slate with the Core i5 - but it's more than double the price of this one.  This will do for now, especially at a respectable $400. Add $80 for a must-have 64GB SDXC card - there's always one on sale somewhere on Amazon.