First of all, let me say that I am typically an Apple person. I am writing this review on my MacBook Air. I own an iPhone5, and have an iPad Third Generation. I bought this tablet over the iPad Mini after much contemplation. I needed a smaller tablet that is more portable for my job. I'm in retail, and frequently I need to look up products online for customers and was growing tired of having to walk to a desktop computer with the customer in tow. I was a little leery of Android from all the reports of malware that is reported on the web. However, I bought my sister a Nexus 7 for Christmas (she was VERY specific). I only handled it once, but I was impressed with the fluidity and screen resolution. After a few weeks, I asked her if she liked her tablet. She was so excited to tell me that she was very happy with the Nexus 7.This tablet is very light weight. It feels great in your hands. I do recommend getting some kind of case or shell for it because even though it is textured on the back, it does feel at times like it might slip out of your hands. Android Jelly Bean 4.2 comes standard, and my oh my have they made headway with this OS. It's fast, sleek and smooth. It opens programs rapidly and has a beautiful interface with each. I do suggest that you download Avast! mobile security. It is free, and it also happens to be the top rated tablet anti-virus/malware software currently on the market. I did heavy research before my tablet arrived. One great thing that I have noticed with Jelly Bean is that there are fewer apps that run in the background automatically as in previous versions. I still use Task Killer to shut them down to conserve battery life. Speaking of which, I have been able to get almost 7 hours out of a charge of surfing the internet, playing music, etc. The tablet comes with a free HD movie, Ice Age, and I suspect it's to show off the beautiful screen resolution. Some people think they need a 10" tablet to view movies, but I've never felt like I was squinting to watch anything.Apps. They are great. I love Google+, Pinterest, and Instagram. Gmail also runs great and has a simple yet intuitive interface. There are of course the others, such as Facebook and Twitter. I don't personally use Twitter, but I did take a peek at it, and it's quite beautiful and crisp. There a several games that render beautifully on the tablet. I also like the Evernote App, it comes in handy for work and also for my other half and I to send grocery lists to each other.Bottom line: If you want a very portable tablet that is fast, powerful and beautiful, this tablet is the one for you! I paid $270 plus a $59 two year accidental drop, spill and damage warranty from SquareTrade that guarantees my tablet repaired or replaced in five days or they'll pay me $300. I've done my research, and they are the real deal. They receive excellent reviews from all the tech websites such as CNET, Techradar, Android Central, etc. This would be a great tablet for a teenager because you wouldn't have $600 in an iPad for them to break it or loose it. You can also encrypt the tablet to protect your data if you have sensitive work information. I would recommend this to anyone without hesitation.