Bottom-Line: So far the "iPad 64GB Wi-Fi" has more than lived up to my expectations and I have no regrets concerning my decision to buy one.The "Apple iPad."  Those of us who own one have recently been called less than flattering names for daring to use it and enjoying the experience!  For me the device fulfills several different functions I have been meaning to purchase in separate devices, like an e-book reader, portable music player for my master bedroom, and electronic photo frame.  Why buy all three of those devices when the "Apple iPad" does all three functions in one neat silver (albeit expensive) package?I was enamored with the "Apple iPad" the moment is was announced because I saw the potential in the portable e-book reader that not only offered more memory than any other device on the market, but also offered up a full color widescreen display, Wi-Fi or 3G wireless, access to hundreds of applications, a web browser, music player, GPS address book, calendar, e-mail reader.I know, I know, it lacks support for Adobe Flash as a fellow iPad elitists recently pointed out, but I don't miss it.  There has only been one instance where I could not play a video on my "iPad 64GB Wi-Fi;" that to me does not constitute a crisis, nor does it diminish the considerable functionality the device brings to the hand.  And, I know, I know, the device does not multi-task, but the "iPad 64GB Wi-Fi" is not a computer it is an e-book reader that also does other functions.  I have a laptop and desktop if I want to multi-task.The iPad 64GB Wi-Fi FactsThe Ultra-Portable, 1.5lbs (1.6lbs if 3G is installed) "iPad 64GB Wi-Fi" is a simple device with very few moving parts.  The power button sits on the top of the device on the right, while a standard 3.5mm headphone jack is situated on the far left.  Along the right edge of the 0.5" thick "iPad" you'll find the screen lock and volume control switches, while the bottom of the 9.56" long device is reserved for speakers and the USB/power port.  The USB port is proprietary so, no, you cannot plug a USB memory stick into it, but with the provided cord you can plug it into your computer and into an outlet to recharge the device.The silver-bodied "iPad" can be had with 16GB, 32GB, or 64GB of memory, and all iterations are fitted with a 1GHz Apple A4 custom-designed, high performance, low-power processor.  Internet connectivity is through either Wi-Fi (802.11a/b/g/n), and or 3G UMTS/HSDPA (850, 1900, 2100 MHz) and GSM/EDGE (850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz).  Bluetooth 2.1 + EDR is also provided.The 9.7-inch LED-backlit glossy widescreen multi-touch color display offers 1024x768 resolution and can display multiple languages and characters simultaneously.  The "Ipad" is fitted with an ambient light sensor and the device supports 576p and 480p with Apple Component AV Cable; 576i and 480i with Apple Composite AV Cable and 1024x 768 with Dock Connector to VGA adapter.First ImpressionsI really, really, really, like my new Apple "iPad 64GB Wi-Fi." Naysayers aside this thing is cool and I am happy to own one and even take it out in public like I did today!  I love being able to take my favorite book(s) with me when I am on the go, and I have the ability to stop at a Wi-Fi hotspot and plugging into the Internet in order to read the latest news, get the weather, run an application, etc.iBooks the e-book reader that is specially designed to work with the "iPad" is not preloaded unto the device, I had to download it from the iTunes Store; not a big deal.  Once downloaded e-books can be download either directly (through iBooks) or via iTunes.When I connect the "iPad 64GB Wi-Fi" to my computer and launch iTunes, it automatically sync's the two transferring any e-books I may have bought into iTunes.  Conversely, any e-books I purchase via iTunes are synced with the "iPad" automatically.Hands down, the Apple "iPad 64GB Wi-Fi" is a performance winner, and one heck of an e-book reader! Yes, the entrance fee (699.00 for the Wi-Fi 64GB; hey its $100.00 more to add 3G), but I think it is well worth the cost.  I wanted 64GB in order to have room to download app, music, e-books, and images without concern about running out of space.  This is especially true since you cannot add memory to the "iPad."So far the "iPad 64GB Wi-Fi" has more than lived up to my expectations and I have no regrets concerning my decision to buy one.  Who needs flash, my NPR videos play just fine thank you!