I received my Le Pan II 5 days ago and overall I'm very pleased with it.  First off, the experience is different then the iPad,  the iPad has a very, very refined UI, the Honeycomb 3.2.1 that ships with the Le Pan II is good but still needs some refinement if it wants to have the user experience like the Apple. What's the difference?  It doesn't have the fluidity of the iPad-screen orientation, swipes or the near instant response time.  What's in the Le Pan II favor? everything else.  I get to choose where everything goes on the screen, the background all this makes it feel like it's made for me.  Also, I get to browse the web like it was supposed to be browsed.  You can choose between the mobile or full version of webpages.It plays games very well!  The Android storefront is very nice and I think easier then iTunes for searching for stuff to download.  The LePan II is slow on my WiFi, I've been looking in the forms and most of the people on there think it's because of the router one uses at their home.  I use the Cisco-Linksys E2000 Advanced Wireless-N Router at home with WPA2-PSK and AES encryption.  The forms say it likes open or last generation router security features.  I still connect fine, it's just about half the speed of everything else in my home.I also have minor backlight bleeding in the bottom right and left corners- not distracted for about 90% of the time. Only really noticeable on dark backgrounds.  My solution, don't have dark backgrounds!  the IPS display its self is very nice, great colors and wide viewing angles and bright.The Snapdragon dual core proc with Adreno 220 is plenty fast.  I think it's even faster the the Terga2 chips that everything else ships with.  I like the iPad like sceen size and shape a lot, I'm not a fan of the 16:9 form factor.The HP Touchpad cases fit it and are at bargain prices.  I got this one Targus Truss Case/Stand for HP TouchPad - THZ07202US (Black/Gray)  And ArmorSuit MilitaryShield - Le Pan II Black Carbon Fiber Film Protector Shield + Screen Protector with Lifetime Replacements And Samsung 16GB Class 10 MicroSDHC High Speed Memory Card with Komputerbay SD adaptor and High Speed USB ReaderThe items above gave me a complete set-up, great looks and performance.All in all, I would recommend the Le Pan II as a wise choice for the price, features and performance so much so I have ordered another one-it's on back order of course:)Update 8/12/12I installed ICS and wow what an improvement.  The update process took time to do it right but follow the directions on the Le Pan website and it goes as expected.  It took about 10 minutes total and I'm very happy with the outcome.  All issues with WIFI re gone.  This little tablet now flies on WIFI,  no more buffering on youtube and Netflix.  I really enjoy it and can't wait to see what the come out with next!