Update: newEgg refunded me after HP had FIRESALE and it ended up only costing me $50 plus the free $50 App Store gift certificate so technically it was free lolI purchased my Touchpad from NewEgg when it was first released by HP.I'm  one of the few people that actually purchased this because they liked it & not because the price dropped.I gave it 4 stars because its a great product but has a very limited app selection. It's a shame that it isn't supported more because it really is a nice tablet. I have been trying out a lot of tablet devices lately, trying to find one I really like & this one has been pretty great.First thing I noticed, which was huge for me, is that this never gets hot no matter how many hours I play with it. It doesn't even get real warm. I've had so many tablets and/or laptops get so hot they shut themselves down or I just have to stop using them for awhile to cool down but not my Touchpad! I have it on for hours & hours and it stays nice & cool.The system is really smooth. WebOS is new to me but I think its great & if it was supported more, it could be huge. All the apps & such, integrate so beautifully with this system. The Facebook app is amazing & simple. The email, messaging, web browsing all work great too.I don't like the way the browser handles bookmarks because it has no way to organize them at all. The camera is awful but there is an app that improves the camera significantly and its free. I don't use camera so its not an issue for me but don't expect anything great from it.I use the free WordPress app to blog & its a very pleasant experience. There are a few really good apps made for this and if you choose to install Preware like I did, then you can install some patches that speed this up quite a bit. I can't imagine not having patches installed anymore. Preware also lets you personalize your machine more but may void any warranty you may have. I think its worth it though.Anyway, I.m very happy with my Touchpad & I'm glad I bought it. I tried the iPad2 first & was not impressed. It just felt like a really big version of my iPhone 4 and I didn't need or want another iphone plus I wanted the Flash ability. I love how WebOS is open to everyone & you can install apps NOT checked by HP. The community is full of developers willing to create apps & patches to address or fix any issues with the device AND ITS ALLOWED! Apple is too restrictive & wants to sue all its users for anything they may do to their own property.I hope the huge demand for the touchpad will make it more popular now & attract more developers. I'm thankful for the generous refund for my device from Newegg & the really great $50 promo code from HP to buy apps. My decision to buy this tablet gets better & better all the time.I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a nice smooth running sturdy tablet. It was definitely one of my better choices in shopping :-)