I got a refurbished/used model in Like New condition through an Amazon Reseller.  Before buying, I did a great deal of research to become aware of its shortcomings and strengths and figured at $90, I could probably do worse.  I've been surprised by how capable the device has been in all the strengths, and only mildly irritated by its weaknesses.Cons first:-As most reviewers have noted, the device does not come with the Android Market.  In fact, the device is utterly prevented from installing it even through backdoor channels (I've not attempted to root the device yet, as there's no "easy" way to do it; it's all command-line business and I've not bothered with that yet), including downloading the APK and attempting to sideload it (gives a "Cannot Parse the Package" message).  However, the Amazon App Store is growing as a stronger choice each day, and I've found a few other outside markets which provide all the apps that Amazon doesn't.-The screen is not multitouch.  This can render a few apps unusable (recently got a mahjong game that requires you to go through a tutorial without a skip option, and one of the steps requires you to pinch the screen), but most non-game apps work perfectly fine with a double-tap.  Likewise, the screen works well both with and without stylus.  You can swipe like on most capacitive screens, while using a stylus for precision while drawing diagrams and typing.-Some sideloading does not work; I'm thinking that ViewSonic likely lacks a few common files or such that a few apps require.  Even installing these apps through alternative markets does not help.  I've also not been able to get NetFlix to work on it.Pros:-The screen is great, touch-wise.  It's not flawless (the bottom four buttons for Search, Home, Menu and Back are a bit too sensitive when I draw on it), but it's effective.  I can turn it landscape mode and type on it with my fingers rapidly with ease in most cases, and I can turn it vertical and use the stylus to handwrite in what I want typed (it has a simple handwriting recognition system installed).  Visually, the viewing angle is a bit narrow, and trying to show someone something on the screen can be a bit difficult without turning it all the way towards them.  Likewise, the resolution could be better, but it's workable; it's definitely got an eReader resolution, and isn't made for impressing people with how many pixels it can cram in there.-It weighs just about right and the build quality was better than expected.  The case isn't rock solid, mind you, but it's definitely better than some of the flimsy Chinese Tablets.  It's bigger than I expected, which is a plus because from some of the pictures I've seen from Viewsonic's marketing, I expected the thing to be about a little bit bigger than a Palm Pilot, when it's really roughly the size of a Kindle.  Exactly the size I needed, no bigger and no smaller.-Wifi works flawlessly for me, syncs up with everything I need without a hitch, and runs Adobe Reader almost perfectly (some odd-size documents don't display well on it, but they wouldn't on my computer if not for the monitor I have).  It's also handled Skype video chat with minimal problems (just make sure you close out the more memory-intensive apps before making a call).