I have had this tablet since it was released two weeks ago. The look and feel of the unit is great. The touch screen is very responsive and HD videos look great on it. You get 2 gigs of system mem and 32gig SSD. Of course you get a full operation system in win 7. Web surfing is no problem the only site I have had a problem with is the Apple movie trailer site. I am not sure if it is the unit or the fact I am using Explorer 9.Wifi connections worked great and the keyboard add on is very easy to use but be warned you can not use it on your lap unless you have a laptop tray or flat hard surface to place it on then on your lap. When put together the tablet part is a bit top heavy. I have used it to watch Unbox video and did some netflix streaming. Installed office, Itunes and a PC stragey game all worked with no problem.The bad:: I wish I could say all is great with the unit but sorry to say the biggest thing that is holding the unit back from 5 stars is that it only has a 32gig SSD. And out of the box the user has just 17gigs of that to use. Believe me that is not a lot of space thses days. My Itunes collection took up over 10gigs and adding office on top of that was really killing the SSD. I did try and find and remove the bloatware stuff but found very little of it. I did not see away to open the case and replace the SSD with a larger one. The other bad spot is the cameras recording video on the rear mounted cam is not that great I found dropped frames and jerkness in the video. Also both cams are 1.3meg I think the rear should be at 5mp.New to the unit is an APU not a CPU. What the APU is a combined CPU and GPU. On the APU is a 256meg graphics card and I have to say it performed very well. The battery life from my use was showing about what most reviews say 5 to 6 hours. The screen can handle at lest 5 touch points which I tested. Not sure if it handle 10 it is hard to get 10 fingers on the screen at one time.Portablity is no problem I have a small case that I carry the unit with keyboard and my ipad all in the same case.Over all I enjoy using the unit that cost less then some Honeycomb tablets and the added keyboard made me like this unit over the 16gig Asus Transformer. There is room for improvement and I hope a patch to fix the cam. All in all if you need something portable and touch with a full operating system this is a great unit.May 2 2011 UpdateLast night I tried more netflix streaming useing wifi and battery and I was met with a lot of lag. It got worst when I went full screen. I then switched to Amazon Unbox streaming for a movie I owned and it was perfect no lag very smooth end up watching the entire movie on battery. I know Netflix uses siliver light that could be the problem.