Go to ANDROID PIT website on your Ziio browser-download the Marketplace app. Free to sign up for it and have tons(thousands) of free apps too-all in apk files. The marketplace allows you to download seamlessly. Download the Dolphin Browser-it makes the browsing a hundred times faster and never stutters unlike the built in browser. I think you may also be able to get that browser through the Ziio marketplace too but that is a pain to use and sign up for. 90% of apps work that are free in Android PIT-some do not. That is not a Ziio prob. Any Android tablet that is not recognized as a phone/has a data plan via Android Google Marketplace has this problem. That is also why no weather apps ever work on the Ziio, since these seem to require a data plan of some kind. Anyway, any Android device that is not officially recognized by Google as an official Android device will have these problems. If you buy an app that does not work and remove it from your device within a few minutes you get a refund immediately-but make sure you keep internet connectivity on. I still have not figured out how long you have to try before it won't give a refund-though I could look it up. The other marketplace is [...]-in the Android section of course-that is the marketplace which Ziio uses in its marketplace, but i would download directly: you click on the download link for any app and then a page comes up with(supposedly) the download, but it doesn't, so you have to click on the link that says if the download has not begun, click here. Then everything is straightforward. I think either the Kindle or the Nook apps are in one of these sites but i got mine from [...] will find that in some cases the app will fail to download. Try 2 or three times-always until a successful download occurs. Half of all my apps(i have 30) had this problem but now work perfectly. The weather apps-never-and can make your device unstable. I learned the hard way. The Kindle and Nook apps work great, as does BBC. Time, World Newspapers, US Newspapers. I will post a full list one of these days. That's all i have time for now. I hope this helps some of you.You MAY possibly find that if your Ziio becomes slow and unresponsive that you need to do a factory reset(big clue is that the device will not recognize the official charger and will not charge-luckily I had another charger from another device that worked-odd really. But a factory reset would probably have solved that problem but not if you do not have enough power left or a second charger). I had installed a dozen apps and that was the case. I advise all users to fully charge the device out of the box. Do a factory reset and then follow the steps above. My device now works better than the iPad i sold last year. No crappy iTunes and hundreds of useless apps to drain my device and it is very comfortable and light in my hands. Easy to download almost any kind of music/video file that is non apple purchased. So rip your own dvds/cds and have at it.This is not a device for non techies. I write reviews and test these kind of products almost every week. One of these days there will be an android device that IS recognized by the Google Marketplace, without being a phone/requiring a data plan, that does not cost a fortune. Until that day, for me anyway, the Ziio is the best alternative, but needs a lot of customizing. For web browsing and Kindle/Nook replacement alone is worth the price-heck, you get  a backlit Kindle device!! LOL. If anyone has any problems, please make a post here- I will check back on a daily basis.