I bought the 7 inch coby kyros 7022 tablet for my seven year old to have on the plane for movies and games.  I was originally looking in the 99 dollar range for an android tablet, but I started researching the various differences in economy tablets and found some key differences. first, is the type of touch screen that is used.  in the higher echelon tablets of andoid and apple, as well as smart phones they use a multi touch screen, called a capacitive screen.  All of the 99 dollar tablets I found used a resistive screen, similar to the type of screen found in gps units. The problems with the resistive screen is that they are more easily scratched, less responsive and since they are not multi touch, there is no ability to zoom in/out with two fingers on pictures and web pages. The coby kyros 7022 uses a capacitive screen, definitely a plus.  second, I found that the economy tablets under 200 dollars, don't have access to the official android marketplace, including the kyros.  They use various 3rd party markets for the apps.  Now, some of the apps are duplicated between the official android market, and the 3rd party markets.  For instance, you will find all 3 variations of angry birds on the apps lib market included on the coby kyros.  but you won't find netflix, onlive, skype, etc.  At first this almost steered me away from the tablet, but fear not.  due to the open nature of the andoid operating system, 2.3 gingerbread on the kyros 7022, you can get apps other places. some have been successful in installing the official android market on the kyros, I have not as of yet.  You will also read other poor reviews about the tablet locking upon people out of the box.  I cannot speak for them, but I can say that you have to carefully observe what brand of micro sd you put in the kyros.  I put in a pqi 8gb mem card and the kyros began freezing up on me, just as in the reviews.  I changed the card to a samsung 4gb, and have had no other problems.  I have been able to install flash on the tablet through an app site called freewarelovers.com, as well as skype and some other apps not found in the apps lib market.  Overall, I have only had the tablet for about a week, but have been very pleased.  I got mine for 160 at toys r us, with a gift card for 15 dollars bringing the price down to 145.  I also sprang for the 2year warranty, as I knew I was shopping in the economy range, and wanted to be covered if the coby becomes a paperweight.  But for now the screen is responsive, the internet is quick in accessing youtube and websites, and I have found the wifi to be as good as other devices in my home.  I personally felt it worth the extra 50 dollars to have the capacitive screen and faster processor and memory than the 99 dollar tablets I found.