I purchased my Playbook 64 GB version on Amazon.com about seven months ago and have basically been very impressed with it as a tool for doing online grad school course work. With no real muss or fuss, my Playbook lets me get into the FULL version of my grad school's course room in order to paste my course posts into the course room from the Docs to Go word processor it comes with. Additionally, the version of Acrobat Reader is first rate: PDF files for class open quite nicely and can easily be re-sized by making an expanding motion with two fingers so as to view peer-reviewed journal articles for class.The front- and rear-facing cameras take some decent quality photos, where you can zoom in before snapping your pic. While not Single Lens Reflex (SLR) quality, the pics you take are not terribly grainy. All in all, this is a nice feature that competes nicely with a much pricier Microsoft Surface tablet, for instance.The Playbook's digital voice recorder is first-rate. I've made a couple of digital voice recordings off an audio cassette player/recorder connected to some good-quality Logitech speakers and was very favourably impressed by the (apparently) stereo microphone's sensitivity - and, subsequently, the unit's playback via its own built-in stereo speakers (which do give my Kindle Fire's speakers a run for their money in terms of quality of sound output).The BlackBerry World shop is an excellent ecosystem that impresses me as being comparably secure to Amazon's for their Kindle Fire/HD lines of products. You can find additional apps covering anything from medicine to computer games, to general reference texts and apps to enhance the Playbook's functionality. (Since I'm not a gamer, I make no comment on the games available for the Playbook.)The Playbook has Bluetooth connectivity, which means you can connect devices such as a Bluetooth keyboard and mouse (something which I've been known to do on occasion), in effect making it *almost* a laptop, just in a deconstructed form. If you live somewhere where people can relate to desktop and laptop computers, you'll see some heads turn in a coffee shop when you set up a Playbook to work almost like a laptop, in part because of its cool, sleek design.My Playbook is ruggedly built and has a very sensitive capacitive touch screen. If you want something that will last you, look at a Playbook and you will not be disappointed.The only really substantive issue I've had with my Playbook is the fact that the versions of Docs to Go and Acrobat Reader use a search engine that works fine for finding recently created and/or viewed files, but for my grad school uses I have to create folders in order to keep both my course work and course materials organised. The best solution I've found is an app that I recall being called File Folders in BlackBerry World for a bit over US $3.00 (tax included) that basically works like My Computer in Windows XP, for instance. With it, files that I email myself and end up on the Playbook's Temp folder (after downloading them) that's buried within the tablet's apparently Android-based operating system (OS). This app allows me to move such files over into the proper folder for grad school.What's rather quirky about the Playbook is the fact that I've had a deuce of a time getting the BlackBerry Desktop and self-install from the Playbook software to work on my netbook's 64-bit version of Windows 8. However, for my old Mac laptop with a Power PC chip running OS 10.5, the Playbook's self-install software worked like a charm, so copying and pasting files for grad school is no big deal all the same.Bottom line: If the only real quirk about using my Playbook is the last item mentioned above, I can say it's a pretty good unit indeed.