After considering a Kindle Fire for my wife, what I consider a Reader/tablet lite, I decided to step up to a full tablet and give it a try.  I really wanted to talk myself into an iPad 2 but couldn't justify the near $200 premium.  Being an Android house so far, I decided to look at Android tablets realizing I had no idea who the players were, except the big names that advertise heavy, including by mobile carriers.Acer Iconia kept popping up in trade reviews as an underdog, an overlooked jewel.  I've never been a fan of Acer for the most part, but knowing how brands and products don't always overlap, I started digging more.  One of the 1st things I did was check for the screen.  Having 2 HTC Evo's in the house I've become a huge fan of screens made with Gorilla Glass (A Corning products) and was happy to see the Acer Iconia on the list of product that use it.  Features and power were comparable to iPad so I gave it a try.All I can say is that from the first time powering on after letting it charge for several hours, I was blow away.  I went through the 4-6 iterations of updates (Android thing, not Acer so check for updates until it says it is up to date) and once done I was ready to take it away from my wife.I didn't notice that it's got some features iPad does not like micro SD card slot and USB 2.0 and USB slave, HDMI out, Ext volume control, orientation lock (great if you're lounging and tend to move the tablet around causing the screen to go back and forth form landscape to portrait), front and rear camera with flash on the rear and it goes on.It's much smoother and quick than I expected, installation of apps has been a breeze, customizing the user experience and appearance all easy.  Battery life is unreal!  Constant use and it's still gone 7-8 hours and had battery left.If it were priced in the iPad 2 range it would still be a great buy and still give the iPad a run for it's money.My wife who is not technically sharp and has never used an Android device has had a ball with it.  I was worried that an iPad 2 may have been a better choice, but not anymore.I also have to mention the lack of "bloatware".  I was surprised as the very short list of app's pre-installed.  And the Acer "convenient interface" actually works well, and be Android, resources are managed well leaving no issues or conflicts.BTW, I've seen some of the poor reviews knocking it for cheap construction.  I'm not sure what they bought, buy the one I have in my hand is solid and absolutely substantial.  The Alum case isn't thin and cheap, it's solid and heavy gauge and I've already mentioned the screen being Gorilla Glass.  With cutting edge technology, you'll always have the haters to the extreme on one side and fan boys to the extreme on the other side, both touting opinions that go beyond reality or logic.  You have to take that in to consideration.To keep me grounded, if I were to come up with any cons, they would be the layout of the keyboard, but I'm used to the HTC EVO 3D layout.  A second might be the lack of hard controls like you have on most mobile devices.  Both come from being used to something else.FYI, I was able to easily tether it to my phone for network access where there was no wifi and it worked great!!