Being a full time student and a gamer whom skateboards where ever he can I wanted something mobile , something powerful,and something that wouldn't break the bank. I found this with the Nexus 7.short review listpros:lightresponsiveample spaceworks great with usb keyboard (using an OTG cable) and btimpressive battery lifeawesome if you have invested in the google market for some timelots of choices in the app storecons:some apps are still not tablet compatibleeven with an OTG cable you have to pay 2.99 to be able to ONLY stream from a flashdriveno MHL supportno more flash support or Java  As a consumer product this tablet is  perfect. With 32 gigs of space, a very crisp resolution ( atm not one of the 7inch form factor anroid tablets have a more crisp screen within the price range) , and a quad core processor; you pretty much have a mobile entertainment system on your hands. I'm always on the go so I needed something like this to carry around to do homework, research or just read a book watch a movie or play games( the app store has some great deals on some gems if you're patient and on the look out and it allows emulators so you can play classics from the snes,genesis,gameboy,snes,playstation era). I love it but my inner tech nerd isn't satisfied.Being that I have an galaxy S3 I'm able to do a few key things with my phone that I'm not able to do with my tablet unless I root it which voids the warranty. For one I'm able to connect to a USB flash drive simply by connecting an OTG ( on the go) USB adapter. This cost about 2 dollars and simply allows you to expand your hardware's capabilities, for instance attach a flash drive to increase storage or attach a USB peripheral. With the S3 it was as simple as plug and play. I attached the cable and added my flash drive and I can move files to and from without any issues whatsoever. ON the tablet I have to purchase the "nexus media importer" app to simply stream whatever I had on my flash drive. Meaning I couldn't move documents from the nexus to the flash drive in case I didn't have a micro cable nearby.Using an MHL cable I'm able to stream the content on my phone to my tv by connecting it with and HDMI cable. Since the nexus has no HDMI out this would have been an acceptable alternative, unfortunately this is not an option. The nexus does not provide any means to stream from the device. This is more than likely because Google wants you to purchase its up and coming devices that are not unlike the apple TV.If you haven't heard it then know that people love telling others that flash is dead and that we no longer need it therefore its okay that its no longer being supported...this is BS. Many sites still use Flash in them and even in your email. So its a bit annoying seeing missing plugins in your email because supposedly this tech is dead when in fact its not true. The same applies for java sites who use it but it won't run on your nexus. Mind you it is possible to have an nice browsing experience  on the tablet and the moments when you come across these issues are far and few in between. But when they do pop up they can be a annoying especially if you're determined to add Flash to your tablet ( its possible but a bit of a wonky experience)Overall I love the product  its fantastic on the go and with a bit of effort capable of many things outside its intended design without voiding the warranty. My gripes are on a more technical level since I know/love  tinkering and find it restrictive ( I love the Android ecosystem because it allows more freedom than App IMO) that I can't get the ideal experience I expect. Ergo the tainted aspect of my review really only affects those that like to go beyond the marketed capabilities. If you just want to pop this out of the box and use it as is I highly recommend it as a very good experience.