I received this tablet a few months ago.  I was really excited to try my hand at Android and use a tablet.  Had never done so before.CONSTRUCTIONThe tablet is solid - the guild is akin to the Macbook Air's aluminum brush and feels pretty solidly built.  A month or two in it feels like the plastic on both sides of the tablet (when held in landscape mode) sometimes doesn't feel flush with the metal.  It's not a deal-breaker by any means - just something I noticed after awhile using it.The device also quickly developed a Mua (not a dead pixel - a discoloration when viewing a white screen) - it's rather apparent on white backgrounds but on other colors it's much less noticeable and on black backgrounds you can't see it at all.  To me it's not a huge issue but disappointing.The screen gets fingerprints VERY easily.  I haven't looked into any screen protectors yet but sometimes when you're working at a certain angle while looking at the screen the fingerprints can be a distraction.Other than that, the tablet feels pretty solid.  I'm overall pretty happy with the build and it feels good in the hands.WIFI/GPSThe wifi signal is roughly HALF what my laptops receive on the same network regardless of what it is.  At Starbucks I hit about 2 bars (Fair to Good strength) but when I pull out either of my 2 other laptops (Both Asus as well) I get full strength (Excellent).  The wifi issue has been talked about at length on forums and on review sites.  I'm using the very latest ICS update as of this posting and I would rate it overall as 'fair' - not great by any means but it does get the job done for the most part.  From what I've read, the Wifi is weak due to the aluminum and/or the placing of the antennas in a bad place on the tablet?  In any case, it's not that great but functional.GPS is dead.  I've heard of people being able to get minimal functionality out of their Prime's GPS but the unit I received as no GPS functionality at all.  I can sit indoors or out and I never get a single satellite through GPS tests.  They did, to be fair, ship out dongles that attach to your charge port that make the GPS work again.  Even with the dongle, the GPS is laggy and still non-responsive at times.  Plus the fact that the GPS uses the bottom port which is used for charging and the keyboard dock (if you have it) so you can't use both at the same time.  Also, many cases won't work with the dongle attachment so you have to put it out to use it.HARDWARE/PERFORMANCEOverall the tablet is pretty responsive.  It works well and is overall pretty snappy to load and switch apps.  However, I tend to use the tablet as a computer and often run multiple apps at the same time and switch often.  This causes the tablet to become sluggish due to it's poor I/O performance (documented).  Somewhat of a fix is to go into the developer options and limit the background processes to 4.  That seems to help considerably and I'm happy with the snappy performance again. :)There are many documented issues with the tablet which are talked about often on forums (XDA Developers) but overall the tablet does what I need it to do.I've been using computers for a bit over 25 years so tweaking and using workarounds to get past some of the limitations makes it works the way I want.  However, a person less experienced might be disappointed with this device.I'd highly suggest going with a Google Nexus 7 instead of this if you can deal with less screen real estate.  The GPS and Wifi work very well on the Nexus and from what I've read it's far snappier due to Jelly Bean (Android 4.1)