iPad mini review  I passionately love the iPad mini. My friends said it was pointless but its not. It is physically smaller than the iPad but it has the same excellent quality. Its a lot lighter than the iPad. You may think its to small it's not, the commercials kind of make it look smaller, you get used to the size very easily. The size is very convenient  and it still feels like the full iPad experience.It is fast as well. The camera is nice and the speakers aren't bad like the iPod touches. I actually prefer the size it's not big and bulky, you can take it out in public and feel a lot less awkward than with a real iPad. If you want a tablet for strictly work use maybe the iPad is a better choice, however if you're just going to use it for a work and games, entertainment, photos etc. I definitely recommend it.Display  It has a gorgeous display. It is not retina display but I've compared devices with and with out retina and there is virtually no difference in the display. It also has an awesome battery life. It isn't less than the iPad. Apple really did go back to the very beginning and put a lot of effort into this device. It is much better than the kindle fire. This device's light weight, beautiful display, fast speed, quality speakers and camera, makes it easy to use, take on the go, present, and enjoy!Camera  It has a camera, the pictures are like cell phone pictures, but if the room which you're in is bright and you give it a second to get focused the camera is magnificent, especially outside on a sunny day!Siri  As you probably know this device includes Siri. Siri I often don't use because I'm not in the habit of it. But when I do remind my self it is helpful. Not only is it helpful but to play around without, it has a (specific) response to everything you say. Also I find it really neat that if I'm typing a document I can just press a button and it types what I say, which is wonderful for rough drafts and stuff! This also works if you're searching something etc.Space & Apps  I got the 16 gb version however the space I had available was only about 13gb, which really wasn't too bad, just take in to consideration, that 3 of the gbs  won't be available for use because of what is already installed (no, you cannot delete what is already installed). So, if you're someone who takes lots of videos, photos, plans to make movies, have apps where a lot of data will be contained (iMovie, pages, etc.) Get the 32 gb one, or you can do what I do is take videos and photos, then upload them onto my computer, then delete the data entirely from my iPad, beacause videos and pictures take up a lot of space, however one or two short videos are fine. Just manage your space, but 16 gb is really a fine amount (I'm only at 7).  The apps on apple devices are magnificent, it's not just fun games, there are some for creating documents, educational ones, apps for teachers, photo editing, the Holy Bible! Even medical apps, that give you instructions for medical emergencies or problems, and there is a really neat one on the brain, apps that help you find your iPad if it's lost!  There also is iMovie, if you are unformiliar which it, it is this really neat program that allows you to make movies, it simple, and looks extremely professional it s only $5 in the App Store, so worth the money!  V.S Other Products  Yes, there are cheaper things like the Gooogle Nexus tablet, Samsung Galaxy Note, KINDLE FIRE, and other android tablets/computer tablets, but if you have any i-device (iPod touch, iPod nano, iPhone, etc.) you know the experience is way different than android and for many people way better. It isn't much more, and I know people who have gotten rid of there other tablets (in perfectly good condition) for the iPad mini. And it also had a variety of e-reading apps. And the computer/tablet devices are neat... but $700 more. Besides flash it has all the abilities as computers (refer to "Space & Apps"), and for the few flash-involved I'm sure there is a computer somewhere in your house.  In conclusion, this device is wonderful. I've been exposed and experienced with multiple devices, this is still awesome!  In conclusion, this device is amazing.  I switched several people to the iPad mini. Tablets are all made by intelligent people, but this device is made my geniuses. It has, Siri, good speakers, nice camera, very convenient size, for watching movies viewing photos etc, still light, compact, portable. Beautiful display, cheap price, good battery life, best device ever!