After being tempted to buy a tablet for many months, when Apple introduced its new generation iPad and, at the same time, dropped the price of the earlier version, the iPad2 by $100 across-the-board, I jettisoned the thoughts about buying a relatively inexpensive Android device with a 7-8" screen and bought the basic iPad2 with the minimal 16GB and WiFi only. Initially thinking that I was buying a new toy, a `novelty', I soon discovered that the iPad2 is much more than that. I use it for dozens of things I never imagined using one for and have become quite attached to it, especially when travelling or just sitting in my favorite easy chair at home.A great deal has been written about the technology and capacities of the iPads, so I will not waste your time reiterating them here. Suffice it to say that this one is the most basic model available. It requires a WiFi connection to operate and its total storage capacity is what seems like a `mere' 16GBs. My focus here is more on my personal experience with my first tablet. I am glad that I waited for the iPad.Being a 65 year old man, my are no longer nimble enough to manage the tiny keys on a Smart Phone nor is my vision acute enough to read things easily on a 3" screen.  On the iPad, however, with its 9.7" screen and keypad that is entirely adequate, I have become quickly facile.The limited memory is entirely adequate as I do not download and keep movies and am not an accumulator of music. The memory is needed to manage the necessary receiving elements of the various applications (Apps) that I choose to install the capacities for. Many are free, a lot of them cost between 99 cents and $3.99 and some cost more. The most expensive one I have is called "Pages" and is a comprehensive word processing and office management suite. Compared to the prices of `installable' programs, this is remarkable cheap. Some of my favorite apps are free, like voice recording capacities and "GoSkyWatch", an App that looks at the night sky through the out-facing camera and shows what constellations are there. It is like having my own telescope.The 20-30 Apps I currently have installed have used about 2GBs of the total available hard drive. I don't expect to run out. The exclusive use of WiFi vs. 3G has a pro and con to it. In the Pro column, WiFi is pretty universally available in most places and it requires no paid data plan to access the internet and use all of the iPad's features. On the Con side of the ledger, the device is usable ONLY where there is a WiFi connection available. With 3G and a data-plan, the iPad can connect from anywhere you can access a signal for your cell phone.At this time, for my own purposes, this basic iPad2 has been a rather surprising delight. I understand that the camera resolution on the third generation iPad is far superior, but what I see on this iPad2 is perfectly adequate for me - and, I expect, for most other people as well.The price is right and the product is truly outstanding.