Kindle Fire is at a great price point, and although it is not as full featured as an iPad 2 I am amazed at the functionality it does provide. Set up was so easy, it came already registered and recognized me when I turned it on. I did miss the Apple packaging though as the Kindle Fire just fell out of the box. Still it's about what's inside.Over the last week, it has become my go to device to slip into my purse instead of the iPad 2 and Kindle 2nd gen. It straddles both functions, and if you're like me who is tired of carrying a heavy purse due to the many devices I have to tote, it is a good alternative. Good, not great. If I knew I was just going to read a novel I'd prefer the e-ink Kindle. So before leaving home, if I knew I was just going to browse and type emails or play a game or an e-instrument, or edit pics or movies I would carry the iPad 2. If I am just running out of the house and may stop by a coffee shop or catch a moment here and there to do random stuff, including reading I would reach for the Kindle Fire. At home, it makes a better bathroom reader than iPad 2 as it is less slippery with it's rubberized back and size and it's lighter to hold up in bed. On the couch, I mostly prefer iPad 2.What I love:--Crystal clear screen - reads just like an iPhone 4/ 4S--Size - the lightness makes it easy to carry and easy to hold in one hand to read, with the iPad 2 I always have to rest it on my lap and the screen isn't as nice as the Kindle Fire. However, the Kindle Fire starts to get heavy after I've read a few pages and I miss the lightness of the e-Ink Kindle.--Colors - are gorgeous on Kindle Fire, it's really pretty and watching TV shows/movies is great. I don't miss the larger screen of the iPad 2 when watching shows on this.--Android apps can play on Kindle Fire - If you're not too much into games this works just fine--Amazon Cloud - Stores all my books and music and I can stream it over wireless.--Prime videos stream free - I could not do this over iPad 2 and since I canceled Netflix I like having Prime video access--Library books can be borrowed - this process is seamless as the books I download from my library appear on all my Kindle devices if I upload them on any one of them including the Fire.What I miss (over iPad 2, earlier Kindles):e-Ink - Reading Kindle Fire is easier on eyes than iPad 2 but still not as great as e-Ink. So if you read a lot and mostly black and white books then an e-Ink device may still be the best solution.Too small for magazines /comics - Some of my interactive magazine apps are not available for Kindle, plus it's harder to read magazines on Kindle. Same goes for comics, pinch and zoom also does not work with the comics which is a miss as it's difficult to read small print of some comics.Calendar syncing - Kindle Fire is mainly a media consumption device, and the calendar etc is not integrated like iPad 2Unavailability of some apps - Although I was surprised at the many apps Kindle Fire supports I do miss some media apps like ABC player to watch my favorite shows. Not sure if this is due to the Android platform or Kindle Fire specially restricts some TV channel apps.What Amazon needs to fix:Touch responsiveness - I miss the response of my Apple devices. Sometimes it is too responsive and I accidentally kept going to links or at other times it feels too slow.Slow browser - The Silk browser is not as fast as they promised. In fact, it's slower than my iPad 2 or iPhone 4. Plus it feels a little clunkier to browse.Sound - The sound from Kindle Fire is too tinny, I know it's small but my iPhone packs a much better punch than this thing.Bluetooth connectivity - My bluetooth sound docks will not work with Kindle Fire like with iPad 2. This is a miss as I have to use this thing with headphones. As the Kindle Fire is intended for media consumption, this would have been a nice feature to have.What would be nice to have:SD card slot, Camera - but that can push up the costs so I am fine without them as long as they fix other things.Overall, I think Kindle Fire beats the Nook Color hollow, and offers a nice, viable option to the iPad 2 depending on how you use your device. If you want it primarily for gaming and browsing, iPad or another Android tablet may be a better option. However, for casual browsing, reading and playing word oriented games, listening to music, watching videos, it is a nice alternative at a great price point. Don't buy a cover or a plastic shield, it really doesn't need it as long as you don't abuse it and will increase the weight.