Archos 43 4.3-Inch 8 GB Internet Tablet with AndroidI've had this device now for about 2.5 months (8GB version)--the firmware version, as of this review, is 2.4.19. I bought it because the other alternative was an Apple device and I despise those. I have loaded many nice apps on it, the Android Marketplace is awesome, such as Docs to go for MS Office files, Acrobat reader, Angry birds, etc. Make sure you update to the latest firmware version and then download the marketplace app for it--just go to Google and do a search for it. Here's a little tip: go to Settings >> Manage Applications >> All. Then click on the app you want and abut halfway down the screen you'll see a white tab that says, "Move to internal storage." This puts it in its 8GB or 16GB storage (depending on what you have) and out of its Android OS ROM. You'll avoid low memory warnings this way. Bear in mind that not all apps can be moved to internal storage--the white tab will be grayed out.Look & FeelThe device's look & feel is anything but cheap. It has a nice back to it, though it smudges easily, and feels nice in your hand. It does not scratch easily and can take a beating--unfortunately, I've accidentally dropped it a couple of times but it didn't faze it at all--the underlying body is made of stainless steel. The buttons on the screen are responsive but some apps, such as 3rd party keyboards, partially hide themselves under the buttons.ScreenI'd have to say the weakest point of the Archos is its resistive screen. I've calibrated it many times but I still end up hitting the wrong key (s), especially when I'm typing fast. However, once you get used to using it, you can avoid a lot of miss-keying. Again, it's a matter of getting used to the way its resistive screen works. With that in mind, it's very bright, has 3 brightness levels, and it supports 16 million colors (FWVGA, High Resolution Touch Screen, TFT LCD 16M Colors)--everything on it displays beautifully.Camera and VideoPlayback of video and viewing pictures is amazing because of the screen's rich resolution. Shooting video on it (it supports 720p) is great. Taking pictures is not so great, they come out dark and sometimes blurry unless you're taking pictures in bright sunlight. It has an HDMI (mini) out so you can watch on a big monitor but you can't watch DRM protected videos.AudioThe audio playback is very good and doesn't sound like a tin can, actually, it's quite loud. The volume control buttons on the side have a nice feel to them.Booting up & Sleep ModeThe only problem I've been having is when I put it to sleep and try to wake it up again, sometimes it won't wake up unless I reboot it--10 second long press on the power button. I discovered that if I put it to sleep with some kind of dynamic app in the background still running, it won't turn back on. So, I disabled the live wallpapers and always exit from any app or game I'm using before putting to sleep. I've been able to reduce my not having to reboot it by about 80%Overall ImpressionI bought this because of the following two reasons: It's NOT an Apple, and the price. I watched Gadgetman's video and I'd recommend you do as well because it gives you a great insight as to what it's like to use it. [...]If you can get over the minor inconveniences of the resistive screen, this gadget is definitely worth the money.