The iPad2 64GB 3GS ("iPad2" in this review) really is a nice-to-have device.  For various reasons I did not have an original iPad despite wanting one, so this review will focus on the iPad2 and not the differences between the two generations.1.  Screen.  The Screen on the iPad2 is gorgeous.  HD movies really do look HD, and the iPad2 provides a very satisfactory viewing experience.2.  Battery life:  Very good.  Despite moderately heavy "on the road" use, I have never managed to run my battery even to 50%.  Others are reporting 11-12 hours and this is consistent with what I am seeing.  Apple did a good job with this battery, and the overall power management of the iPad2.  I have my screen set to auto-dim (where the screen adapts to the lighting in the room) and no doubt this helps.  I have never needed or wanted to fiddle with the screen using this setting.  Ordinary Apple chargers work fine to charge the iPad2 battery.  However, many computer USB ports do not have enough juice to charge the iPad2.  My main Windows computer does not; not even from a powered USB hub.  Many third-party chargers for the iPhone turn out not to work with the iPad2 although all of the Apple ones I have tried do, and some of the after-market ones do.  So far my experience has been that if they sold it in the Apple store, it works.3.  Browsing the web.  The iPad2 is peerless for just plain web browsing, and this is what it excels at.  The virtual keyboard is OK for short email messages or filling in fields on websites.  For more heavy duty typing, there are a number of fine outboard keyboards out there.  I was delighted to find that my Apple Bluetooth Keyboard works splendidly with the iPad2 and for road trips I pack it along.4.  Cameras.  There are two; front and back.  They are exactly what you would expect: OK for quick snapshots, but a lens a fraction of an inch in diameter is not going to take the place of a real camera; we all know that.  They work reasonably well for what they are.  I have not yet tried the various videophone applications so I cannot speak to that.The iPad2 is thin and easy to carry.  The Apple case, which many people buy, is nice to have, but it does not protect the back of the iPad.  There are any number of aftermarket leather or other kinds of cases that provide the iPad2 with more protection.  Most of these will cause the iPad2 to power down when the front flap is closed, just as the Apple cover does.  This is a very nice feature.The iPad2 has infinite professional and personal uses.  I can have it in the courtroom (I am an attorney) and look up cases on-line quickly and snappily using the 3GS, since most courtrooms do not provide counsel with Wi-Fi.  Email, Web access, etc., these things are all becoming a fundamental part of our lives.  I used to use my iPhone for portable Web access, and it was OK for that, but the iPad2 with its larger screen is infinitely better for this.  In my life Web access wherever I go is the main use for the iPad2, and it is a critical use.My main negative on the iPad2 are these: 1.  No dedicated USB2 port.  Why not? 2.  The lack of a USB port makes it very difficult to print anything with the iPad2 and for some reason Apple does not make printing easy, or hardly even possible.  Apple flat-out does not encourage or want its iPad2 users to print off of their iPads.  Whether they are trying to protect their notebook sales or there is some other reason, I do not know.  Eventually I anticipate that competition and pressure from the user base (me!) will force Apple to relent on this.In the 21st century, devices like the iPad2 are destined to become a fundamental part of our personal kit.  The iPad2 is beautifully made, and for most of us very much worth having.  Highly recommended.  RJB.