This is going to be my first tablet review simply because it is my first tablet ever. I have played around with other tablets but this is the first one I've owned and will review it based on that.While I have seen the convenience of owning tablets in person now, I've never wanted to spend too much money on something that is neither too portable to be a phone/portable media player nor large enough and lacking features to be a full-on computer. A week or so before the keynote for the iPad 3, this one got to a sweet spot of $300 that I found was fair enough. The price has gone back up ever since though.The Galaxy Tab 7+ has an amazing size that makes it portable enough to carry around pretty much everywhere you go. Not sure if you have giant pockets but at least your backpack, handbag or maybe even just holding it with a fancy, discreet case will do. And yet the screen is still big enough to enjoy all your media. The tab has a perfect weight too. It feels heavy enough to not feel cheap and fragile, though still you don't want to drop this one. Better get a case for it asap.The tab has great features that make it ubber versatile, such as Front and rear cameras so you can take pictures and do video-calling, led Flash, Flash support on web browsing, microSD card slot for memory expansion, and more. It's great for playing music, videos, web browsing, playing games, messaging and pretty much all the Android Market.. sorry, Google Play store allows you to do.Most of the flaws that I have found with this tablet are more software than hardware related, which is both fortunate and unfortunate. I don't know what it is, but Samsung keeps releasing Galaxy hardware everytime someone in Korea sneezes, but they have their Android OS updates all messed up and neglected. Honeycomb is great and all but I somehow feels that is buggier and is lacking features from Gingerbread. Not that these can't be fixed, but I don't see the intention to do so really. And sadly, one of the features I was looking forward to using the most, the IR sensor built in the tablet, is practically useless not because it actually isn't useful, but rather cause there are NO good apps to take advantage of it. I mean Peel gets promoted as it was great and all, but its not. It sucks.So yeah overall this tab is excellent. It will run many apps very smoothly and its a perfect size to take everywhere with you. If only the Android OS got the updates it needed on time, it would be even better. And also, I wouldn't pay too much money for it. The 2nd Gen of Galaxy Tabs is already coming out and while spec wise they aren't too different at all, I would still not pay that much for this one. Or any tablet to be honest.