I did not purchase this through Amazon but I buy alot of things on Amazon.com and felt compelled to write this review.  I purchased a new Samsung Galaxy Tab  7 inch (Wi-Fi) from a wholeseller whose name most people would be quite familiar with.  I have an I Pod Touch, I Pod Nano, my husband has had an I-pad (first Gen), Kindle (which he loves)for several  years, my kids have I Pods etc., so I am quite familiar with the competition.I bought the Galaxy Tab 7 inch because I wanted something smaller but bigger than my I Pod touch to write / access a website where I send Prescriptions, I am a physician, so something bigger but not too big  that could fit in my white coat pocket but had easy to navigate graphics but nothing special was what I needed to carry from one exam room to another was what I needed.  I thought the I-Pad was too large for ease of use.  I also needed easy , larger visibility,to enter new patient data, not just access to existing data was important.  Frankly, I also did not want to spend $700+ dollars so the price was attractive to me  as the Galaxy was under $400 dollars.  For about a week it seemed to do the job, but was a little slower than what I was used to in moving from one place to another in comparison to my desk top computer.  The color, graphics etc were great.  However, over the next 10 days after a full charge each day I noted that it seemed to hold less and less time to use.  Again, I used it for about 6 hours non-stop each day and charged at the end of my session, no movies, no fancy games, just to one website.Finally, on day 12, after a full charge it would not turn on at first, maybe I just didn't push the side button correctly??, then it turned on, I went to my website ( the same one I had used many times), and IT JUST Froze!, I couldn't go anywhere, I could not even turn it off!!!.  I called Samsung Support and they told me I could return it to the seller (full refund if within 14 days), or send it to them for a repair, something about the battery or software they said.  Well, I took it back the next day to the Wholesale Club for a full Cash refund because frankly , I just didn't trust the device after I saw this happen and I did not need the aggrivation of something that might work fine one day and crash the next.  Got my money back in full , was offered a replacement, but I said no thanks.  Not sure what would my experience would have been after 14 days since the wholeseller told me I would have had to deal with Samsung and not them. I think other reviewers may have mentioned a similar type of experience so be ware.  I never even watched a movie or  bought any apps.  Regarding Apps Samsung has their own App Store/Droid, and frankly, there app store is nothing compared to the variety on Apple, but again I did not purchase this device to download Apps but was surprised to see how limited the Apps were.  I had no trouble setting up my e-mail account and other than the "crash", the apps it came loaded with were fine for me.  Nevertheless, for over $400 + dollars I expected better.  I guess I will go back and start looking maybe at my local Apple Store 10 minutes from home.  Maybe I just got a bad one and others will work fine????