I've been playing around with the Zii O for a couple of days by now. It's not a perfect device, but it's really good for the amount i paid.First up - I've been looking for a tablet to watch my movies without bringing my Macbook along. I'm a real TV/Movie buff, and i have tonnes to catch up on. That's a huge reason why i didn't want to get the iPad; It's expensive, required tiresome video conversion, and i thought it was too heavy after playing with it in the stores.The Good:- Supported movie formats are more than what i need: Most of mine are in the usual .avi formats, and i used to spend about 6 minutes on each episode using Mac's iSquint to convert them into accepted .mp4 formats. With this tablet, all i need to do is to just drag and drop it. Everything just works and plays great.- MicroSD Card Slot: I have a 32GB MicroSD to go along with the 8GB Zii O. It's really convenient because 32GB can hold alot of videos and music, and the tablet allows direct playback from the microSD. You don't need to copy it to the on-board memory in order for it to work.- Apps: Here's a key point - You'll need to go into Settings > Apps to allow installation for non-Android Market Applications. It wasn't enabled by default. Once you enable this, just google around for Android installation files (.apk) and you'll be able to install stuff smoothly. So far, i've installed Evernote and Kindle; Everything syncs and works perfectly.Some of you may have concerns about there not being support for the Android Marketplace. It wasn't that big of a deal for me because a friend pointed me to getjar.com, and there was a whole lot of .apk files to download. Just use the Zii O browser to access the site, download, and they'll prompt you for installation. No need to use your computer at all. (If getjar prompts you to select your device, just select any mobile device. It'll work fine.)- This may be controversial, but i like the resistive screen. It's not fancy like those capacitive touch, but it works with my gloves on, and even better with the provided stylus, so i'm happy about it.- Other stuff i like: Audio quality is really good. HDMI TV-Out to my 42-inch screen works, though the video looks a little pixelated, something to blame on my original source file.Things Which Can Be Improved:- No Android Marketplace integration. (A small issue, but solvable through my above-mentioned point)- A little stingy on the package contents; I appreciate the stylus, but would have been nice to include a pair of earphones, or even the TV Out cable.- There are 4 touch-buttons at the bottom for easy access to "Home", "Back" etc buttons. They should be backlit so that i can see more clearly in the dark.---I hope i've provided everyone with an objective pro/cons list. Personally, i like it, and i think it's great for anyone who's looking for a low-cost tablet which just works.