The HP Touchpad has achieved what DVD's achieved for the movie industry!I never turn mine off, so it's an instant boot-up to use!!!  (5 Stars for that)In all the years I have used windows, since old dos, has windows done anything to improve our experience, other than making what was once familiar a new found challenge?  This devise needs only a couple of buttons to use and is a lot like working with the one upgrade we like about windows, when they added tabs to our web browsers, only Hp refers to it as cards.New mail and facebook notifications show up whether using the devise or not and when a laptop is too much or simply not practical, my touchpad is perfect!!!I bought a case for it that spins and becomes a stand.  I don't use the stand very often, but for example; one of the first things I used it for, was to hand it to my wife in the kitchen to look up a recipe.  After she found what she wanted, she just sat it down like a poster-board cookbook.I leave the cards open I use the most & there's no power waste sitting next to my easy chair and with one touch it's instantly running..I'm a bit of a watchman so I keep the USGS global earthquake page up ([...]), Weather.com, My redbox.com account, my Multiply site,([...]) E-Bay etc and I use it to read the Bible for me when I don't feel like reading.  At Biblegateway.com, if you choose the King James version and hit the speaker below the book and chapter you choose, another interface will open which reads aloud.  You can do this on your computer as well, but with the Touchpad it's right there all of the time.  (I use Max McLean as the reader)  He's amazing!  He reads with a lot of feeling, fast enough that my reading experience has greatly improved.  I highly recommend giving him a listen..I use it a lot for Youtube as well.  It's the perfect size and even though HP offers a nearly unlimited supply of free downloads after this long I still haven't had any trouble with filling up the memory.  When you do find something that costs to own that you want, the software is so inexpensive, you won't mind buying a thing or two now and again.Pictures?  I'm not sure how it does it, but again with a single click of a button, everything you take a picture of or downlaod or have on facebook is right there all organized, perfectly.  It is truly an amazing devise, well worth the $$$ they are asking for them.My whole family uses mine.  I don't play video games but my son can't seem to put it down.  It gives you four tabs to store executable icons, so you can easily find, move and organize the functions and programs you choose to load on your machine.This is important as my son has downlaoded hundreds and hundreds of games and applications and I don't want to have to look through his cards to find my own.The web browser works like any other, with favorites, save-image etc with a single touch so there's really nothing much to learn to be up and running.I do not work for HP or any other associated entity.  I hate that and often wonder when I read a really good or really bad review, who it's really coming from.Ya know what I mean?Now the bad news...NO NETFLIX?????What's up with that???  I still haven't been able t find out why, when or anything that leads to thsi devise working with Netflix and no one seems to be doing anything about it.  Factually however. the truth is I don't need it to, as everywhere I am that I woudl watch Netflix already has a working netflix functioning devise with a larger screen there already.  So it's not the end-all disappointment.He is also still making software for this devise and sends out regular updates and letters.The available software is no different than anything android and it's a one button built-in click and your searching through the endless lists of free perfectly compatable software and games.  I haven't ever found an end or not found anything I was looking for.I should also mention I can access my netflix account and do all the things I may want to from there without encumbrance. As a matter of fact by searching with my touchpad at netflix I get unlimited pages of results instead of just 2 pages of results.  I do really like that & use it over the search engine at netflix anytime..