There is nothing I can do with my Kindle Fire (or an iPad) that I can't do on another device I already own.For watching / streaming movies and TV shows, I have a big-ass TV that is connected to the internet. I subscribe to Hulu Plus, Netflix, and Amazon Prime.For listening to music, I have big-ass speakers, and they are hooked up to my receiver.  My receiver, in turn, has an iPhone/iPod jack.  I also have a gift subscription to Pandora One which my wired DVD player can access.For real work / productivity / typing fast with all 10 fingers, I use my work-issued laptop.  I also use the same laptop for video conferencing and web surfing. If I want to surf big, I connect my laptop to my 32 inch monitor.For telephone calls, I use my iPhone 3GS, and it still works like a charm.For photos, I use my iPhone 3GS in a pinch.  When I know I want to take a boatload of good photos, e.g., while I'm on vacation with the boys, I use my Panasonic Lumix F27.For playing Angry Birds and Planets vs. Zombies (I don't play -- my kids do -- really), they commandeer my iPhone.For a GPS, I use my iPhone. For turn-by-turn directions in a robotic voice, I use a very cheap Magellan GPS unit that works just fine.For reading books, I actually use the Kindle for PC application on my laptop or the Kindle application on my iPhone.For all these reasons above, I absolutely LOVE my Kindle Fire.For me, a tablet is all about *convenient entertainment*. Yes, I can already do anything and everything a tablet does with a different device -- but with a tablet, I can do it more conveniently.  I can read a book more conveniently; I can surf the web in bed more conveniently; I can watch several movies on an airplane more conveniently.At the end of the day, it's an adult toy. And, as far as toys are concerned, I'm downright opposed to spending $500 (or more) on a toy that can easily break and that will be quickly obsolete, etc.To the iPad Fan Boys / Nook Lovers out there, I say take a chill pill. You too should love the Kindle Fire.  Sure, it's speeds and feeds may not be totally awesome and it's missing this hardware and that and some of the software seems to be buggy.  But who cares?  Let us keep in mind the big picture:- This is a 1.0 product.  It can only get better from here.  The software is already improving as I write, and the hardware will certainly improve as well.- This will put tremendous downward pricing pressure on the rest of the market.  Because of the Kindle Fire, iPad Fan Boys will eventually be able to buy new iPads for 50-60% of its current price.So I say, rock on, Kindle Fire.  Amazon has taken a big, bold step in the tablet market, and the winner isn't Amazon or Apple or Barnes & Noble -- it's the consumer.P.S.  To everyone that accidentally hits the power button -- you can rotate the Kindle Fire upside-down.