I am a big Amazon fan--- I have had several regular Kindles which I absolutely adore, and use the Amazon store constantly to buy books and watch video. I've been a Prime member for years.I also own an iPad, which I think it too heavy to carry around all the time so I was very much looking forward to the Fire. Therefore, I'm disappointed to report that while I've only had the Fire a few days, virtually nothing that I tried with the device has worked without problems. Some of these issues will improve (I hope) as the App Store improves, but others are just inherent in the device.I'm comparing a lot of these issues to my iPad experience. I know that it is not supposed to be an iPad, nor do I expect it to be for $199, but I would suggest that users put the $199 toward buying an iPad instead. $199 is too much to pay for a device that doesn't work well.Plus:- Minimal set-up required since it was already linked to my Amazon account.- Amazon Video looks phenomenal.- Facebook app works fine.Minus:- Can't zoom to change text size (as far as I can tell) and text can be quite small. Not a big issue if you are 20 or 30, but I'm in my 40s and at the reading glasses stage of life, and I know a lot of Kindle users are older than I am. My husband can pinch and zoom on his Android phone so not sure why it doesn't work here.- HORRIBLE App experience to date. Hopefully this will improve, but none of these are issues with an iPad:- Can't link to most of my print subscriptions- I've tried New York Times, Wall Street Journal, and the Economist and all expect me to subscribe a second time. Apple fixed this months ago, and I can read print subscriptions on my iPad with no extra charge.- Could link to Vanity Fair but only have one old issue is available, not the most recent one in the app. Why??- USA Today has a phenomenally good app for free on the iPad, but Amazon App Store expects you to pay $11.99/month for a subscription. Why??- I've searched for most my favorite apps and virtually none have been available (or at least I couldn't find them): No Google Maps or Yahoo Maps, No Twitter, No Yelp, No HBO Go, No Slingbox app, No Super Why (4 year old nephew's favorite app), No Toy Story 3 (another kids favorite) or any other Disney app. I'm running out of apps to look for.- Netflix video was choppy and fuzzy.- Yes, Angry Birds is there, but what AB fan wants to start over again at Level 1?- I started to read a book on my Fire, turned off the device, and went upstairs to my regular Kindle, expecting it to sync to the furthest page read---- but it didn't!- Other "Web Pages" are the mobile versions, so just a list of headlines like you would see on a Smartphone. With an iPad you can see the web page. This makes the iPad an immensely better experience if you are looking at newspaper sites. While I have not been able to view many newspapers that I read(since I'm not paying twice for something I already subscribe to), I suspect that given the small screen size that if I were to get a NYT or WSJ app they might also be headlines, not the newspaper-like versions I see on my iPadSo as much as I would like to recommend the Fire as a low cost alternative to an iPad, I just can't. Save up and buy an iPad instead. And if you read books, buy a regular Kindle not the Fire. I'm giving it 3 stars instead of 2 since I expect the apps to appear sometime in the future, and because iPads are quite pricey so can't really suggest that everyone buys one. This is definitely "a poor man's iPad".