First a disclaimer: I did not buy my 64GB Playbook from Amazon, but rather from RIM directly, so I can't comment on the Amazon experience.Overall Assessment: I like my Playbook and all it has to offer. My only major beef with it is the current lack of a sufficiently featured PDF reader.The details of my experience:Hardware, Setup, Performance & Quality: Initial setup of the PB was easy with setup wizard. Note that you'll need access to a WIFI network for this setup to be effective. The PB operating system sports a very elegant and easy to use interface; you interact with it via touch screen finger taps, moving gestures, and a pull-up keyboard. The touch screen is pretty responsive, though there are some buttons with a small fingerprint size that can require precision, resulting in the occasional unsuccessful tapping. Video graphic quality is excellent, the UI is beautiful and HD videos play crisp and smooth.Apps: The PB comes standard with about two dozen apps: a web browser, camera, OfficeToGo, facebook, youtube, twitter are just a few of the main ones. The blackberry appworld allows you to download more, many of them free, some of them very cheap (one to two bucks a apiece), and some nicer ones more expensive. For instance, the PB doesn't come with a file browser, but appworld provides the Air browser for free and several other file explorers for pretty cheap. While the PB appworld library is probably nowhere near as extensive as the IPad's, there are nonetheless apps for the vast majority of needs out there, and certainly a lot of great business and investment related apps.One fascinating feature for those with a Blackberry phone is Bridge, which allows you to link your phone and the PB via bluetooth. This permits syncing of email, calendar, and other data that is already on your phone. Additionally, there is a limited web browsing capability through Bridge, though it is pretty slow. You can also tether your PB's internet through the higher data stream of your BB phone, though depending on your carrier, there may be a separate data plan and additional cost required for it.I think PB's greatest chink in its armor is the lack of a good PDF reader. I have a lot of PDF references for my job, and this shortcoming was a real arrow to the knee. It does ship with Adobe Reader, but this version of the reader is virtually featureless, allowing paging and scrolling through a PDF with no option to search for text, create or find bookmarks, or make notes. There are e-readers available in appworld, such as Kobo, but none that can open PDFs. In search of a compromise, I found converting PDFs to EPUBs to be only about 20% successful. The end result is that the PB is a poor solution for interacting with PDFs at an enterprise level, which is really surprising considering the market RIM has been catering to for the past 15 years.But... the future is nevertheless promising for the playbook. Despite the reduction in production and pricing, RIM is continuing to develop and upgrade the PB operating system. Next month, the new OS2 is supposed to be officially released, and with it the Android Marketplace, which should open up PB to a wider variety of apps, including a number of superior PDF apps. I'm really looking forward to that day. There is also a lively community of users and app developers at the blackberry and crackberry forums, with tons of great information that can lead you down a rabbit hole of tweaks, jailbreaks and troubleshooting methods for the PB.A final word: considering the price of a new 64gb IPad 2 as of this writing (about $600 before tax/shipping), I'd say the Playbook is a hell of a deal. I'd also recommend shopping around and looking for the best price on the 64g PB. Best Buy discounted all models to the same price (and I am told is almost out of stock of the 64gb), as did RIM. I ended up ordering from RIM because they didn't charge me shipping or tax, the grand total was 299.99.EDIT (2/18/2012): I discovered by looking around the crackberry forums that the Repligo PDF reader is available as a sideload app. This requires your PB be updated to OS2 beta, and then you have to sideload the program BAR files using an installer like DDPB, but once that's done, this reader is amazing and provides all the features that I need to utilize my PDFs! Once the full OS2 comes out, hopefully Repligo will be provided in Appworld so you don't have to bother with sideload methods, but in any case, a PDF solution for the PB does exist.