I went into this purchase with an open mind.  Unlike some of the 1-star reviewers I never expected the Kindle Fire to be an iPad "killer" or even an iPad replacement.  Amazon was pretty much upfront about what this device is meant to be, which is a device designed to consume mostly Amazon content.  When you look at the Kindle Fire from this perspective it's a good device.  I've used all aspects of the device -- books, newsstand, apps, music, video, and web -- and each of them has their positives and negatives.BOOKS:  there's not really a lot that could go wrong with a built-in e-reader especially when Amazon has had the same type of reader app on several other devices already.NEWSSTAND: This is one of the downsides of the Kindle Fire.  I've downloaded a couple of magazines and found the experience less than enjoyable, but I also haven't found it to be much better on the iPad.  I doubt I will find much use for this option.APPS:  I already had several apps purchased previously on my Android phone and all of them were available and ready to use when I took the Kindle out of the box.  Right now, Amazon's Appstore is a little lean on good apps, but that will change in time.MUSIC:  I made the switch to Amazon Music and Cloud Player several months ago when I purchased by first Android phone so I already had by cloud drive full of /music.  From minute one all of my songs were available to listen to over a WiFi connection with Cloud Player.  The Amazon music selection isn't as large as iTunes but it's a rare occasion when I can't find something I want and as long as the iTunes song isn't DRM I can upload it to the Cloud Drive.VIDEO:  A minor hiccup here.  My home internet connection is 1.5Mbps and it seems like neither the video player nor Netflix will work with it on Kindle Fire, yet when I have a faster connection -- at least double my home connection -- they work just fine.  This is a bit of letdown for me but I can live with it.WEB:  Now here is one of the bigger negatives so far.  My experience with Amazon Silk has not been all that great.  Pages that load almost instantly on the iPad take much longer with Silk.  Based on other reviews I've read Amazon is saying this will get better as more people use the app, but considering the hype surrounding Amazon Silk this is a big negative for me.All that said, I have to say I'm mostly happy with the Kindle Fire.  If you go into this knowing what you're buying I'd say most buyers would be happy, as well.UPDATE 11/19/2011:  So I've been using the Kindle Fire almost nonstop since I got it.  I've encountered none of the issues that so many 1-star reviewers are writing about.  I had no problem updating to the 6.1 software and zero problems with wireless connectivity.  In fact, I've connected the Fire to my home wireless, work wireless, a university wireless, and two mobile hot spots with zero difficulty.  I'm also getting very good speeds (at least according to Speedtest.net). I also don't get the issue with weight.  Unless you have problems with your hands due to a disease or an accident I can't see how it's too heavy to hold in one hand.Due to the problems stated above with web browsing (better, but still clunky) and magazines I can't change my 4-star rating, but if I could give it 4.5 stars I would.  For the price of $200 this is a great little device.