I am so happy to officially retire my iPad (toy), two things I liked about the iPad, battery and display, 1 thing I hated about the iPad how limited it is...Finally Freedom at last...This new slick and powerful computer with no brakes and limits, a full Operating System Window 7 Home Premium x64.No more zillion apps to do 1 job... (: (: (:The multi touch display is quite responsive, it was a nice surprise a sexy machine, I use my fingers all the time to open, close programs, select music, movies, pictures etc...The Capacitive Touch Pen I only use when I write or draw.I was aiming for a 10.1 inch screen but I already in love with this 11.6, little monster.Any thing I threw at it, it performs beautifully.Coming out of boot, restart and hibernation state very fast, I timed 30 second on a restart and 18 seconds on hibernation.I have an Alienware Aurora ALX, a MSI GT780R, a HP Pavilion Elite HPE-480t an iMac.Samsung Series 7 slate XE700T1A-A03US, left the above computers on the dust, on restarting , booting and coming out of hibernation really fast, fast and fast, I guess the 128 GB SSD Drive rocks...I never installed one before on my computers because the SSDs are very expensive. Worth the price, for me time is money.The Capacitive Touch Pen works nicely on the display, I can write or draw on word processor, yellow note pad and stick notes, it is good because I can write must faster than I can type.First, I installed Adobe Digital Edition on the computer. Download is available at the NYC Public Library site... Second I ordered a book from NYC Public Library online. For once I did not have to check with the library if my computer was compatible like I had to do with all my previous readers...lolSome one remarked that the keyboard on the display is slow, I am not experiencing any problems with display keyboard, it is fast...You may re-size the display keyboard with a touch of your fingers to any size you need.Perfect for guys with big fingers.Connected the slate from Samsung Docking Port Standard HDMI to Yamaha Receiver Standard HDMI port, through the 46" Samsung TV, great sound and picture.Now, I am waiting on a cable that I ordered from Amazon, Cable (15ft 34AWG Standard Speed w/ Ethernet Micro - HDMI (Type D) to HDMI (Type A)), so I can connect the slate straight into the HDMI port of the Yamaha Receiver or straight into 46" Samsung TV HDMI port without having to use Samsung Docking Station.Samsung Series 7 XE700T1A-A03US, left the slate a sleep for 11 hours, lost 5% of battery power, left the slate on hibernation, 15 hours, lost only 2% of power on the battery power.Too bad they did not include a USB 3.0 on the slate and an extra USB on the Dock.Also missing the Mobile 3G and 4G service. For this price the unit should be open, so I can go choose the mobile company of my choice.P.S. Depending in what you are doing, surfing, movies, music and working, so battery varies. Usually with me 3 or 4 hours of battery.Almost perfect...BlueStacks app player to run Androids apps on a PC, this version has very few games and application, but I liked it... Now I am waiting for the pro version to come out to run all Androids applications...Now, waiting for window 8 to come out...