I totally understand that there are a lack of apps for this machine.  This will change with a new OS update that will incorporate thousands of Android apps, coupled with the recent fire sale of Playbooks.Lets start off where this tablet dominates.Multimedia.  This tablet has the best video playback and recording (1080p) of any other device I have used, including the iPad.UI.  The Playbook QNX based OS is ridiculous, you can run 20 different programs, videos, games, etc, simultaneously and they will not even slow down a bit.  The buttonless swipe navigation one ups the iPads single button navigation in simplicity of design.Portability.  I can bring this device anywhere I go, no problem.Build quality.  This thing feels like rock-solid, much more so than any other tablet out there.Blackberry bridge.  If you own an iPad and an iPhone, you still either have to pay for a 3g plan for your iPad or you are limited to wi-fi areas.  With the Playbook and a Blackberry smartphone, you have internet, for no additional cost (provided you have an unlimited data play, as I do).  I can easily access all of my emails, calendar, etc.  When someone is calling me, a pop-up notification alerts me with the Caller ID information (which I love).Web browsing.  Due to seamless flash, Adobe AIR, and HTML5 integration, you can watch HD online video content on most websites (it is capable of video playback on virtually all sites, but some have blocked the content on this device, for reasons which I do not understand).  Sports highlights, streaming tv episodes, etc.Graphics.  One realm that is well supported in the App World is gaming.  Games like Madden NFL 12, Dead Space, and the list goes on, all have the BEST 3d graphics of any mobile device on the market.To summarized and address the lack of apps.  I thought it would be a big issue at first, and I hesitated to buy it.  I was incorrect.  Let me ask you a question.  When you use your desktop PC or laptop, are you bothered that there is no native facebook app (the Playbook had one before iPad, but I never use it)?  Or twitter app?  Do you find it to tedious to log in to news websites like Huffington Post, Time, or CNN?  Of course not.  Those companies don't need to develop native PC or Mac OS applications, because they have full featured websites.  They are bookmarks on your browser.  As I mentioned earlier, I never use the native facebook app. Facebook is a website, and the best way to experience it is as a web page.  The Playbook renders all of the websites you love just as it would on your desktop PC.  You can scroll through submenus on with your thumb, you can pinch to zoom many map websites.  Integrated multimedia plays back as it would on your browser.  You can play all of your favorite online flash-based games.  There is no reason to use a native app for most of these content providers, as the online version is superior.Here is a case in point to finish it off.  I live in the Minneapolis area.  the iPad and iPhone both offer an app to consume their content.  On my desktop, I use the web to access what is called the "electronic edition" of the newspaper.  It displays the actual print version of the paper, with clickable articles and zoom, and a great user interface to navigate through the paper.  I far prefer it to the website content.  The apps for the Star Tribune simply format the same content on the website for your device.  Since neither one of those has flash capabilities, they cannot run the electronic edition of the newspaper.  Android devices can load the electronic edition, but the flash is half-baked and the navigation features don't work properly, rendering it useless.  On my playbook, I can read the print edition of my favorite paper from anywhere I like, including non-wi-fi covered areas.I am not saying it is superior to other tablets in every way, but it has many advantages, and with the release of the new OS, those will only be amplified.  I suggest you pick one up immediately (especially if your a blackberry owner.  If not, seriously consider switching to Blackberry because their new generation of smartphones is as underrated as this tablet is) -- You will be pleasantly surprised.