First, some background: I purchased this tablet as an experiment to see whether I might want to invest in a better one later, or whether I need the power of a regular tablet computer.  I'm primarily displaying books that have *lots* of graphics, and scrolling and/or page turns have to be fast.  I normally use my netbook for this, but it doesn't open flat, and thus can't sit on a music stand.The first one I received kept shutting off randomly, sometimes before it even finished booting.  Installing the latest firmware and keeping it plugged in didn't help, so I exchanged it through Amazon.  The replacement works much better.The battery life is good.  I generally leave it suspended most of the day, with some reading, audio, and occasional wifi use, probably a total of 3-4 hours/day.  I haven't gotten the battery down to 50% yet - the only time I've even come close is when I was using wifi extensively.The touch screen could be better, but for the price it's quite reasonable.  I haven't had any significant problems using it - I have more trouble with the one on my phone.  There are occasional glitches where it will pop up the notification screen or the volume control, but I'm pretty sure that's the software, not the screen itself.  I've never had it do that while turning pages in a book, for example.The screen isn't too glossy, and doesn't seem to need a screen protector as long as you aren't doing anything likely to scratch it, like using a stylus.  The case I bought came with a free screen protector, which made the touch screen much harder to use.The clock ends up way off if you leave it suspended.  I found a reference to an older firmware update for the Archos 7 Internet Tablet that fixed this problem, but the latest firmware for the Home Tablet doesn't fix it.  Tech support didn't know when this might be addressed.  There doesn't seem to be any way to remove the clock from the status bar, so I have to try to remember not to take it too seriously :-)  And, of course, using the alarm clock is out of the question.The built in photo frame and photo viewer sort by file write date.  If you know what a shell script is, you should have no trouble working around this.  If not, this is part of the "not for beginners" stuff :-)  I have found that the photo viewer can be useful for reading short books that are mostly graphics where high quality is important, e.g. music - represent each page as a picture.  There is a limit on how many pictures it will read, but I haven't bothered to pin it down exactly.  There is a slight delay while it draws the next picture - I haven't decided yet if I could get used to using it this way for anything other than practice.If you have the brightness turned all the way down in the built in ebook reader, the backlight may not get turned on when resuming from suspend.  If you have configured it to allow you to adjust the brightness while reading, you can use that action to turn on the backlight.If you are using a file manager that allows you to open files, you can import .epub files into the built in ebook reader by clicking on them.  They are deleted from their current location once the import is finished.The pdf readers I've tried have been painfully slow - I'd be ready for the next page before the current one is finished drawing.  It doesn't look like pdf is a viable format for anything serious on this platform.Page turns in the built in ebook reader are pretty quick, but opening a chapter can take some time, particularly if it is large.  Navigating via the table of contents is awkward - you can't just open it in a side pane like you can on a normal computer, even though the screen is wide enough to support it in the default landscape mode.The built in html viewer works ok for continuous scrolling, although I wish I could put it into portrait mode.  Scrolling can also be a bit tedious with the resistive touch screen.