It's a neat gadget, but don't get too excited.I got it through a different retailer because of some airline promotion... but the price I paid is comparable with the (current) $150 of Amazon.The body of the device is kind of sturdy: it looks more solid than I thought for this kind of device. It comes with a little faux-leather case that protects it even more.Touch screen uses resistive technology, and as expected, kind of crappy (resistive means NO double touch). It comes also with a small stylus that you took from one side of the device... but when I use the stylus I feel I'm back to Palm Pilot time...The things that makes this device a crappy device are:- slow slow slow. The CPU can't handle too many tasks at the same time. Perhaps is also a memory issue that cause the OS to keep reusing the memory from non-running applications, but it is kind of sluggish to use. It's so slow that the keyboard is so hard to use. When you press (with the crappy resistive touch screen) you get the feedback way too late...- crash crash crash. Get familiar with the RESET button (on the back, you have to take it out of the faux-leather case), because you are going to need it a lot. Learn also (to reduce crash) to turn it OFF every time instead of putting it on standby... you have better chance to have less crashes (boot time is reasonable on the other hand).Few things that can be improved (less critical):- battery usage. Don't expect the battery to last like a smartphone... at its best the batteries last for few hours of continuous usage.- App store missing. You can easily root it and install the Google Marketplace (and with it much more applications). There's an AppsLib store, but it list most of applications in chinese... Most of the apps crash with no apparent reason, and few others appears to run, but has some sort of aberrations on the screen...- Documentation and support from Coby is almost inexistent. I chose to get a Coby instead of a no-brand from Taiwan because I was hoping to get a little bit more. The only thing you get is a nice web page with some instructions to upgrade the firmware of the device (that, by the way, you don't even understand if you need to apply those firmware upgrades or not), that doesn't work...- Micro SD. What the heck? Why Micro? Why not just SD? Micro SD was designed for cellphones, not for large devices like this one.Now the plus:- Amazon Kindle works like a charm, and the screen is very easy to read. I like that!- Cheap. You can probably get it for less than $150...- Sturdy. As I mentioned before, I don't get the feeling of fragility...- HDMI output. I haven't tried to connect, but most of the comparable devices don't have it.- The big front button is for "BACK" and not as I would expect "HOME". The Home and MENU buttons are grouped together on one long button on the side... Seriously... was it an accident or there's some (unknown to me) logic behind this choice?- No volume button: volume control is only through the buttons on the top bar. Unfortunately when you watch a movie, the top bar disappear (movie plays in full screen), making it impossible to control the volume once the movie player start...- Wi-Fi reception not that great. Compared with other devices (laptops, smartphones) I have, this device probably is the worse.- Android 2.1. Don't know if the upgrade posted at the Coby web site is to upgrade it to 2.2.. they don't mention about version at all (?!?!?)...Technical:- It's a taiwanese hacked product. If you manage to get the product description, you see that is based on a development board (they didn't even changed the description). They took a reference design, and squeeze it into a tablet form factor. Adapted the whatever available device drivers for the OS and push it on the market (that's familiar with all those kind of devices).- If you want a device for programming Android, it's a great tool. You can free your imagination and start developing any app you want. Seeing the app running on the actual tablet is very cool. I know it's not a strict feature of this product, but this is the reason why I got it in first place.