I did a lot of research before buying a tablet - Acer, Asus, Motorola, iPad, View-Sonic, Samsung, etc....  The Thrive is the best of them all, hands down.I won't bore you with specs, but will point out a few things that I deem as important in comparison to others...Top Decision Maker (for me):Removable/replaceable battery (no one else offers user accessible battery), which makes this usable forever!  Other manufacturers (listening Apple and others?) don't make the battery accessible, which means once the battery no longer holds a charge (after 500-1000 charges), you are tethered to the power cord or buying a new tablet (or paying hundreds of dollars to replace a battery at the factory, and most manufacturer's warranty doesn't cover batteries).Pros:Well-built, quality tabletLonger, wider, thicker (which makes it easier to hold onto) than other 10.1" tablets.2.0 front facing camera / 5.0 rear facing camera (better cameras than iPad or Acer, not just in MP, but also quality)Toshiba is fast on OS upgrades (Ice Cream Sandwich scheduled for deployment in early 2012), and will continue OS upgrades beyond warranty period! (verified by Toshiba support)Interchangeable colored  backs ($5-20), so you are not stuck with aftermarket junk to personalize your tablet or replace a scratched one - factory backs have good grip too!Screen is DURABLE and VERY RESPONSIVEHardware is top-of-the-line, and should hold up to many thousands of hours of use (years)Full size HDMI, USB, and SD card slot... no one else offers all three full-size ports (most manufacturers offer everything in MINI/MICRO, or only one full-size port)Built-in browser is Fire-Fox derrivative (awesome), and file manager is tops... better than many paid versions from the marketBattery life is exceptional... 8-10-hrs depending on use... even streaming video to my TV, it lasts for more than 8-hrs... under "normal" app/web use, I squeak nearly 11-hrs out of it before low battery warning pops up!Cons:A bit heavy for some people... not exactly comfortable for one-handed use in landscape orientation (but you get use to it)No flash on rear-facing camera, but then again, who uses a tablet as their primary camera?Power/Wi-Fi/charge LEDs on the front are a bit distracting, but no deal breaker in my bookMemory issues:Some people are complaining that Application memory is limited to 2.9GB... this is NOT true... Toshiba has allocated blocks in 3GB sections to keep the OS running smooth and fast... as you add Applications in excess of the primary 2.9GB, another allocation block will be given to App storage.  This is done (brilliantly might I add) because some people use the tablet to run Apps, some for picture, music, video, documents, etc.... by allocating "blocks" for storage (think HDD partitioning), you get space prioritized for what you "want".If you cannot decide between tablets, and like so many of us, don't want to be an i-person... give the Thrive a good look... Price is better than most out there (far cheaper than Zoom or Galaxy), quality is tops, service is excellent, and you won't be disappointed with the outstanding performance!UPDATE:After my wife's Arnova 10 G2 died (less than 90-days old), and the warranty replacement arrived with a cracked screen... she'd had enough... she went to the store where she purchased it and traded up to the 16GB Thrive (personally, I think she was just jealous of mine, lol).