[ Note - edited. See the bottom of this review for 'pro-tips' / warnings ]I *love* this tablet.I've got an iPad, several laptops, a netbook, several PC's, two smart phones, a Kindle 3, and now a Kindle Fire. Of all of these, the Fire is officially my favorite. At least, for home use.Why? Because it does what I care about, it does it well, and it is incredibly cheap!Amazon could have chosen to make the Fire solely a kindle media reader. Instead they've provided a general android tablet with a reasonable sized, bright display, good battery life, built-in networking, a nice touch interface, and an AWESOME price.My core requirements are listed below, all met flawlessly by the Kindle Fire:+ Effective kindle reader. I like my Kindle 3, but I *love* this. I read in the dark a lot more than I read in bright sunlight, and with the new display, I can read easily in bed without bothering my wife! The reader also feels snappier than my Kindle-3 reader in terms of responsiveness, and the color is nice for color media.+ Decent web browser. I'm able to browse the parts of the web I care about easily. Also, for academics it's easy for me to find PDF files for scientific papers and be able to read them. Hooray!+ Good video. I'm able to watch youtube, Netflix, and amazon videos, all with no problems. The widescreen display shows the videos at a size not much smaller than my iPad, and wonderfully rendered.+ A reasonable app store for extensibility. I'm still exploring, but so far it's adequate. I haven't found as much high-quality free content as I found for the iPad, but there's certainly a ton of stuff available.The Fire is about the same size as my Kindle 3 in its case, but is surprisingly heavy. I chalk this up to the battery which is supposed to let you watch video for a shocking 8 hours! The weight is noticable, but I wouldn't say it's annoying.Overall I love this device! I am looking forward to being able to read at night, and to having my own private netflix, youtube, and amazon video viewer!!!Pro:+ cheap!!+ Good display+ Nice battery life+ Good web browsing+ can read PDF's, watch youtube, and watch netflix+ Can view JPG photos, watch my own MP4 movies, and presumably play MP3 audioCon:- interface is a little spartan, takes some getting used to. Maybe this is Android in general?- a little heavy.- Looks like no proxy support for browsing across firewalls. No work fun for me :(I love it! I think I'm going to buy another one so we have two in the house!PRO-WARNINGS:Here are some issues I tripped across while playing more extensively with the Kindle Fire- NO PROXY SUPPORT FOR WEB BROWSING. I brought the kindle fire into work. I was able to connect to the corporate wireless network just fine, which was impressive (windows domain account). However, there's no web proxy setting in the browser, so I can't use the corporate proxy, and hence can't reach any of the internet services (including amazon's!) I wanted.- NO TTS (TEXT TO SPEECH) SUPPORT. I got hooked on having my Kindle 3 read books to me sometimes. This isn't an option with the Kindle Fire, the current version does not support speech output of your books.- NO NATIVE SUPPORT FOR WMV / WMA files. I copied some of my ripped music and ripped movies to the Kindle, but they were unable to play. I usually rip with windows media player formats, which are WMV's and WMA's. If you want your media to work on the Kindle, rip MP3's / MP4's and you should be alright.- ALWAYS CHARGE FROM AN AC OUTLET. You can charge from a USB cable hooked to your computer. However, USB has a limited amount of juice, and I've found that the Kindle Fire charges very slowly from the computer. If I hook it up to the included AC adapter and charging cable, then I can charge from almost no power to full power in about 3 hours.