Here we go: First off, I refuse to pay $100 a month for two plus years just to have a touch screen tablet I can use outside of my home. That is where this device is perfect. Also, I played with the Samsung Galaxy Tab at Best Buy before I bought this and I did not like it. It is bulky and really this fits perfectly anywhere and has the same amount of storage and does the same thing for about $400 less!Pros:It does everything an IPhone does except make calls. If you want to pay $100 per month to add the calls be my guest. OR you can get a nice pre-paid T-mobile phone and pay $10 per month. This device has a Wifi built in. I got a MiFi from Verizon. They are running a special. $35.99 per month for 3gigs on their 3 g network. Plus I am ditching my $35 per month internet on the landline because the Mifi will connect up to 5 devices at once. So I actually saved money by getting the Mifi. With the Mifi this device is like having a full computer at your fingertips anywhere you go! Plus it is like lightning! If you need more than the above this device is not for you.If you don't want to shell out the money for the Mifi you can tether. For those who said Tethering does not work THEY ARE WRONG! Tethering absolutely works. You MUST have the cell company's APN to type into the Archos or it will not connect. It will NOT Work with a Blackberry! I have an old Blackberry and it would not work. I also have a Motorola RIZR pre-paid which worked perfectly but I didn't want to have to tether so I got the Mifi. You can Google your cell company's APN because when I called T-Mobile they wouldn't give it to me. So I looked it up and found it on Wikipedia! To tether just go to settings --> Blue tooth. Make BOTH your phone and Archos discoverable in Blue tooth first.Then when it pops up add the APN where indicated. It takes some practice but it DOES WORK. It is just slower than Wifi or Mifi.The video, MP3 player, and photo features are beautiful. It is very easy to add files. Just plug it in to your desktop or laptop and hit "Mount" then move the files over. It is that easy. I had to download Cinema to play certain videos but that is no different than other programs. Not all videos play on my desktop either. You Tube videos play fine.My outlook e-mail goes right to my Archos. It was very easy to set up. I got the angry birds app and it's addicting. Just saying!The book reader is Great! There are many classics FREE for you to download and read! It zooms just like the kindle and fits in your pocket or purse! (unlike the Kindle. Sorry Amazon)The battery life is superb! So it takes 7 hours to charge. Just put it in when you go to bed. You're not going to use it while you're sleeping right?I downloaded all my favorite apps from the Android Market (yes apps lib is not great) Weather Channel, Facebook, You Tube, CNN, etc...The living wallpaper is adorable! I love the mirrored lake.It has a clock. It goes to sleep when you're not using it to save the battery or you can leave it on all of the time.The user manual is right in the device.I love the radio app too! You can listen to radio stations from all over the world.Cons:Yes you have to tap sometimes twice to get the apps to load. It's not really that annoying. Again do you want to pay $600 for an IPhone? or Tap your finger twice????Yes the keyboard takes some practice. Use your nail or get a stylus.Mifi is the best choice for using this device on the internet outside of an area where there is free Wifi. I was in the car traveling for hours and my mifi did not falter once! It was great! I signed up for the one year contract so when 4G comes out I can trade up.I haven't seen cases for these yet. But I bought a comparible case to protect it.Yes get screen protectors. The one it comes with will fall off.Keep in mind this device is $200 and change?!!! The Samsung Galaxy without contract is over $600 and you can't put it in your pocket! This is a little bigger than an IPhone. The Dell Streak is $499 The Zoom is $700!I really love this device! When Archos upgrades I will probably get it....MAYBE....:-)