Okay look im going to tell you the truth about the ipad...First of all i've got to say that the functionality of the ipad isn't the problem, but the price. You have to measure the functionality of your technology with the price that you're willing to pay and I have to say that neither the ipad 1 or 2 is worth what apple is charging. With all of the problems and glitches of the ipad I personally wouldn't pay over $300 for it. If you don't believe me go online and search problems with I pad 1 or problems with I pad 2. The problems that you see are not fictious their real and if you buy the ipad you better be willing to do some troubleshooting. Some people have problems with the wifi, but me personally, I had problems with it syncing to itunes . You should know that any old usb port won't work with this device you REALLY need a USB 2.0 port that is directly linked to the motherboard of your computer, and even then it won't charge directly from your computer. You will need to plug it into the wall. Secondly I must tell the reader that you need to watch your accessories . Even though some cables and card readers say that they work with the ipad the ipad is so finicky that they may not . I have a card reader that was supposed to work with the ipad, but it doesn't hence it must be sent back.All in all I have to say that the ipad isn't perfect, but it is over priced my advice would be to buy it used if you really must have one and to get the higher amount of GB (32 or 64) as you can easily run out of space. I bought mine used (for about $300) and it didn't have a scratch on it so it was pretty much new . I got the charger and all the paperwork that came with it, so I had some help, but not nearly enough. My advice to you would be to get used to the sites that offer Ipad fixes before you buy and to anticipate problems. THIS DEVICE IS WAY OVERHYPED AND NOT PERFECT.Well that's it to summarize get it gently used, anticipate problems and glitches and don't pay over $300. Trust me when the problems come (and they will) you won't feel so bad. And definitely get on those apple web sites that offer fixes. I was able to get mine working with their help and I'm glad that I looked them up. They saved my sanity. And watch your accessories sometimes they work and sometimes they don't . Just make sure that you don't pay through the nose for something that you can't even use.Good LuckP.S - If you are the type of person who is not tech savvy the ipad is probably not for you. This is definitely for the person who knows their way around the net and who knows what they are doing. The ipad was not my first tablet and i've learned that when picking out a tablet reviews are definitely key. This is still new technology so you can't expect it to be perfect. If your new to the whole tablet scene I would recommend the kindle fire. It's way more stable and easy to use. Though smaller.