I bought the Acer because I was really wanting to spend some time with an Android tablet and compare it to my Android phone and my iPad 2.  I'm an Android fan, but I have used iPad's only because they were the best available.  Acer was the best price at the time so I snatched it up.  First, I love Honeycomb.  The multi-tasking, notifications, customization, browser, GMail app, Google Music app and on and on.  These were all great and huge improvements over the iPad.  I was pretty happy with all of those things.  However, as I looked for the same apps that I have on the iPad I found that the majority of them were not available on the Android Market.  I'm sure this will improve, but it is going to require Android to keep chipping away at Apple to get developers to make apps for both at the same time.  I noticed that there was some lag when closing out applications too.  The screen would go blank and then populate again.  I don't know if this is Honeycomb or an Acer thing.  I didn't like it and it made it feel slow.  Transferring files really didn't seem much better than using iTunes.  I still had to connect a cable, transfer the file to a directory, open the app, locate the file.  I know I could have just used a flash drive, but it is still multiple steps.  Overall though, Honeycomb has lots of potential and I'm excited to see it get even better.Now, the Acer itself.  Meh.  It's big...really big.  I'm used to an iPad 2 and this thing just feels monsterous to hold compared to it.  Some of that is because the screen sizes are different, but mostly it is just....thick.  It has rounded corners, but I found several sharp points where the metal connected.  It kept snagging on my finger as I brushed over them.  It does feel very solidly built though.  Because there are no buttons on it I kept holding it upside down.  The screen rotates so this doesn't hurt the functionality of using it, but you go to push the power button and realize it's at the bottom now instead of the top because I couldn't tell which way I was holding it.  It sounds stupid I know, but it was annoying.  The screen seemed way too dark.  I kept bumping up the brightness, but it always seemed too dark.  There was also a shimmer that I kept noticing.  It's kind of like the wavy lines you sometimes see on an old computer monitor.  I changed the background and messed around with different settings to see if it stopped, but it never did.  My wife uses an original iPad and 5 minutes with the Acer and she handed it back.  She hated everything about it.Honeycomb vs IOS is a mixed bag.  There are things to like about both of them.  Apple is simplicity personified.  Anybody can pick it up and use it.  That is its strength and its weakness.  Honeycomb takes a little digging around to get it just how you like it.  In the end I guess that is where the dividing lines are drawn.  Apple tells you how you will like it and you can't change it and for most people it works.  Android allows you to make it look and act how you want, but you have to know where to go and how to do that.