Nice little device. I wanted something different than an Ipod Touch and this fit the bill pretty well. Decent build and the resistive screen is really not that bad. Honestly at first I wanted to throw it against the wall because it would mistype every letter but then I figured out that if I used a tiny bit more pressure it was a lot more accurate. Music player isnt bad but the headphones that come with the archos really suck. I would say its a great buy if you don't like apple, aren't used to the Ipod Touch capacitive screen (because as much as I hate to admit it the Ipods touch response is an improvement to this archos), and don't already have a droid phone.Still a great buy for those looking for a good MP3 player with extra internet goodies.Update:Still an awesome little device. I use it every day. Has held up great to daily abuse with only a thin sleeve to protect it.I use it as a portable media device, Organizer, Calendar, Alarm clock, Email, Voip Phone, and other things. Google calendar app does not function for me at all, but I downloaded jorte to replace it and it works great. FREE VOIP calls with google voice and Groove IP (app cost 4 dollars so not quite free). Alarm clock is great and even has a cool feature allowing the screen to be very dim but have a visible time (Basically looks like just an alarm clock from accross the room). Touchscreen is kind of crappy BUT if you buy and use a stylus and screen protector it is probably the best touchscreen to use with a stylus. Currently I am using an old eyeglass sleeve for a case but I used to use a 4.3 GPS case. Invisible Shield cut to fit screen protector works well. If you look closely there is a tiny bit of light leakage on the screen but it is so high res and nice looking it doesn't bother me.As far as build quality.It is a very well built device. For those hardware snobs yes there is a very small crease in the plastic where the two halves are joined. The plastic areas are painted but are durable. the back is not really metal just kind of an overlay and is prone to scratching and smudging. Speakers are incredibly loud and crisp for such a small device. Microphone is ok but could be better. People complain about echoing over VOIP calls but that could be a number of things. The unit had to be forced reset several times in the very beggining stages of ownership but seems to be very stable now with no recent restarts. Does seem to get warm during video streaming. Kickstand is still there and seems strong. Volume buttons feel cheap and are kind of loose feeling.Still built very well. I think it will survive some drops and is resistant enough to scratching to be put in your pocket. Fingerprint magnet.