Ok now Im not rich so I dont have a Xoom and a Touchpad and a Tab and everything else to compare it too, but I can give you my review of the iPad itself.I looked into all of the other tablets too and from what I have found, the iPad was the best. While it does not have flash, I have so far found that to be no big deal anyway. if you absolutely have to have flash for something, look it up on your computer.Typing:Typing on it is not terrible but its not my favorite. I had an iPod touch and was used to typing on a touch screen so that part wasnt a big deal to me. The touchscreen itself is great and is very accurate as to actually registering the button you hit. This review is written on my laptop though because I knew that I wouldnt want to type several paragraphs on the iPad. For chatting on facebook or searching the internet and stuff like that though, it is actually really great.Cameras:Now the cameras are not 100% what I expected them to be. They are decent but are still grainy. Granted I havent taken pictures and then viewed them in normal size yet, so the graininess is just being blown up to iPad size. It might get better if it is shrunken down but so far it seems grainy to me. Really though, its better than not having a camera at all.Apps:Photobooth seems to be the most fun app for showing off the iPad to other people. it was nice that it came with it instead of having to buy it. All of the other apps pretty much work like the iPod touch's apps do, and I love the iPod touch. The email is a lot nice to use now that it is updated.Garageband is great! for $5 its the cheapest and best audio recording software you can get. It was the first thing that I bought and have been playing with it ever since. I like that you can play the instruments right on the iPad and record and edit it all.Safari is a really great and simple browser and it feels really natural to search the web on itiPod is really good too its like having your iTunes library on your computer and being able to go through all of your songs and have it all spread out where you can see it allI bought Legendary Blade II also for a few bucks and it really shows off how great the iPads graphics areScreen:Like I said above the graphics are really really good on it. My old iPod apps have all had to be updated because they are not even close to the quality that the iPad demands to look good. I think that the best way to see how good the graphics are is with books. the quality of writing is better than on my laptop.The touchscreen interface is the best that I have seen on any of the gadgets ive played with. Apple has dominated the touchcreen market and I dont think anyone comes close to them.Smart Cover:I dont know what it will do over the long run but so far it is great! I didnt buy it from amazon so i dont know what the legitimacy of the seller is, but as for the smart cover itself, I love it. the auto on auto off works great and so does the auto align. It looks great on the iPad 2 and it adds practically no thickness whatsoever. I feel like it actually does protect the iPad and it does its job. when it is rolled up and used as a stand it feels sturdy in both positions. I couldnt be more happy with it. clearly it doesnt protect the back from scratches and stuff, but the back is solid aluminum. aside from a few scratches, its not going to hurt it. I dont plan to drop my iPad, but i feel like if i did drop it face down its strong and cushioned enough that it wouldnt destroy my screen either. I would definitely buy it againMemory:I got the 16 gig and it has more than enough for my 600 songs a 125 apps.I would totally recommend this to anyone and if anything changes I will updateThat is all I have but if you found it helpful I would really appreciate you taking a few seconds to hit the helpful button :) Thanks