Since there haven't been many reviews of the Thinkpad Tablet yet, I wanted to add to the list.  I've had a chance to demo three tablets so far: HP Touchpad, Galaxy Tab, and the Toshiba Thrive.  In my opinion the Thinkpad beats them all.  Here's why...The device is touted as a having a "business focus" and that's certainly true.  The digitizer pen has gotten it's share of publicity.  It's useful out of the box, but it doesn't work universally within the tablet.  I've only used it with the Notes app so far.  It takes some getting used to, but if you watch the demo in the Notes section you can get a good feel for it quickly.  The online demos tend to show the real-time handwriting to text functionality.  The app's demo shows a far more effective method of "drawing" the text and converting it from handwriting later.  The keyboard folio is not out yet, so no review of that, but I did hook it up to a USB keyboard with a built in mouse.  It loaded a cursor automatically (The Thrive does this too, couldn't try it on a G-tab since there's no USB).  In my opinion, however, the most beneficial thing they did for the business user is load a printing app that integrates with Google Cloud print.  It took five minutes to set up printing from a wi-fi network to a printer networked on a separate VLAN.  I'm pretty sure you need to keep your computer running with Chrome open.  Not a big deal and it doesn't require changes on the printer server or loading software somewhere else on the network.In terms of look and feel, it's a lot bigger than the Galaxy Tab.  You do get set ports that rivals many laptops and beats a lot of netbooks.  I've not understood why so many reviewers, particularly in the gadget press, make a big deal out of size and weight with these devices.  If .25 pounds or a fraction of an inch makes a difference to you as a user, then you may have some physical problems that trump tablet use.  It's not like the differences you see among laptops, and I'd rather have the added compatibility than a minimally lighter device.Lenovo has been pushing the tablet as business oriented, but Netflix certification out-of-the-box makes it a competitor on the consumer side as well. To me, that's the killer app for a tablet.  All Android tablets will share the majority of  entertainment apps.  Pandora has run on every tablet I've used.  They all play music.  I haven't tried it on the Thrive yet, but I was able to load a movie ripped for AppleTV onto the Lenovo via USB and it played just fine.  The only downside is that it has a single speaker.  Not a big deal in a business environment or if you use headphones or external speakers.One last thing.  If I included the purchase process as part of the product, I'd have probably given the Thinkpad Tablet a one star.  I originally tried to buy directly from the manufacturer.  They are clearly set up to sell to a channel and completely inept at selling directly to consumers.  The product page showed a 7 day wait on shipping that slipped to 30 days as soon as I submitted the order.  I had a 10% coupon that was not honored at the time of the order.  Customer support was horrible at follow up and appeared outsourced without any way to get updated knowledge on the order.  It took a week just to get final confirmation that my order was cancelled.  Had they mistakenly shipped the product, they would have charged the credit card.  If you choose to purchase use an 3rd party reseller like you'd find on Amazon.PS - I intentionally left out iPad references.  In many ways the iPad and the Lenovo are different such different products that I find direct comparisons only serve to start flame wars among fans of each platform.