A friend of mine purchased one of these for as a gift for someone and asked me to check it out for them.  The first thing you need to understand about this device is that it is not meant to be and never will be an Ipad or a $500 tablet.  It is a reader with some additional capabilities. A lot of complaints I see on other reviews here are the result of expecting a $500 device for $100 or less.Perhaps the biggest weakness of the device is the Resistive touch screen. Consumers are used to the response of a capacitive touch screen such as the ones on Iphones and other smart phones.  These are very responsive to contact. The resistive screen is different.  It is actually an overlay screen which is sensitive to pressure.  Simply touching the screen is not enough, you have to apply a little pressure. This is something you just have to get used to.  If you can't adapt to the feel of the screen, something to try is a rubber tipped stylus.  These have a soft rubber tip that will allow for more precise selection than the tip of your finger.  In my opinion it works much better and makes the reader much more friendly. It also avoids the otherwise unavoidable finger smudges on the screen.  The screen on this device is fairly glossy and the fingerprints really show up.The Android OS 2.0 standard on the device is a little long in the tooth.  You will find applications that will not run on it, but there are literally thousands of apps out there that will.  To be honest I have been able to find a compatible version of every app that I wanted to run on mine with a little searching on the internet. One of the best sources I've found is [...].  They have the most recent versions of apps but also usually have several prior versions.  If the newest doesn't work on 2.0, one of the prior releases normally will.  These little inconveniences are just something you have to put up with if you want a tablet for $100 or less.Another note about apps...they install to the system memory NOT the internal or external SD cards.  System memory in this reader is only 256 mb and about 190 mb of that is used for the OS and pre installed software. Many apps only occupy a mb or two, but some of them are much larger, Accuweather for instance is almost 6 mb. You are not going to be able to install dozens of apps on here at one time. The mention of 2 or 4 gb of storage refers to the internal SD card which is used to store user files such as photos, video clips, music, etc. Apps use this space for some of their storage needs but the app itself installs to the very small and not upgradeable system memory. There is an external SD slot that allows you to expand the storage space up to 32gb...but again, this is not available for app installations unless you modify the device and install third party software to accomplish this.  There are programs for this but I have not seen too many successful reports using them on this device.One very positive thing about the Cruz is battery life...it will run a long, long time on a charge...probably 8 - 10 hours depending on how you are using it. Also, the thing is built like a tank.  It is fairly heavy and not at all flimsy or cheap feeling.Making it better:Out of the box the only source of apps is the Cruz Market which is basically a handful of the most common apps. If you don't want to do any modifications of the reader, you will need to install another source of apps such as amazon appstore. In its stock setup you will not be able to access the android marketplace. Sources like the freewarelovers site mentioned above are accessible through the browser, and have direct links to install the programs. If you try to install an app and get a "parsing error", it probably means it is not compatible with the 2.0 OS.If you are a little brave you can replace the stock operating firmware with a custom version. Most of these will upgrade the OS to 2.1 or a modified version of 2.0 that will make it much more functional, including the complete google apps suite and access to the Android Market app store.  This is not hard to do in it's simplest form, as long as nothing goes wrong, but anytime you do something like this there is the potential of something going wrong and rendering your device completely non functional and voiding your warranty.  Do a lot of research on any ROM update you are considering installing and be aware of problems experienced by others.  Most problems can be fixed but it may require a higher degree of technical ability than that of the average user.After playing with the CRUZ I was evaluating for my friend, I purchased one for myself. At $79.95 locally, it is well worth the price even with some of the limitations mentioned above.  Mine is now running Macho CRUZ firmware and doing everything I want to do on it including Facebook, Kindle Reader, Youtube (using a standalone app...the browser does not support adobe flash), Gmail, POP3 Mail set up for my business email account, basic web browsing, music playing, note taking, etc...not bad for a $79.95 Reader in my opinion.