I got this for Christmas from Borders. I was excited but' quickly deflated. Not all "free" books would download. My music was cool. It was nice listening to my jams while reading my book. Like having a soundtrack for a movie.That is unitl the one downloaded book that I actually purchased, couldn't be recalled 4 weeks later. Borders promised over 99 free downloadable books. Slim pickings of not very interesting books. The books I did download for free, however became unaccessible at the same time my purchased book did. The book cover icons remained in my library, but the device would try to upload the books and say, "This book cannot be accessed right now, our site is working on this problem."VIDEO PLAYBACK is a JOKE.I uploaded a 10second vid from my PC -that had originated from my camera. It only half worked before freezing up the entire device and I'd have to exit the program and re-enter it just to see 3 seconds of the vid. It's impressive "lookin" but don't believe the hype. After a while, My Velocity Cruz Tablet just completely would not work at all. It couldn't be reset, couldn't be recharged. I took Took it back to borders and got a refund.Oh and get this, Before I took it back, I called Borders cuz I loved it so much, I was willing to settle for a replacement. I mean it was a gift, I figured I could work through the kinks. The Border's lady said, "All the ones we have are returns and have to go back as defective" -She said she'd call around town and find me one. "She called me back and said "No Borders in our city had them in stock."  She was like, I guess we haven't really ordered any new ones.  Well I guess Border's wouldn't order any new ones, the Christmas season is over and everyone's got wind that the Velocity Cruz is a piece of expensive JUNK- Border's, who's going outta business unloaded this crap onto the public, and the public unloaded it RIGHT BACK.Since I've seen them all over Home Shopping Channels at $150...it's trash and they're still trying to sucker people into buying them.The device is defective. They know it and they'r still trying to unload it on the unsuspecting public. Should be illegal.I saw on YouTube Wal-Mart is apparently selling them 50% off now. There is a reason it's 50% off. Its a dud. A dummy. Don't get suckered in. My mom bought it from Borders on 12/21, by February I couldn't charge it, couldn't reset it, it was just a blank, black pretty piece of trash.Prior to conking out, my books DISAPPEARED. It showed their icons but then "errored" and I couldn't read them. My mom paid a total of $466 -That was for the CRUZ, PROTECTIVE SLEEVE, EXTENDED WARRANTY. We got all her $ back about 2 weeks ago.EDITED TO SAY: Maybe I'm not being fair to Borders. I'm sure they didn't 'unload this device' as I accused them of. I'm sure they thought they were selling a reputalbe device that could rival/compete witht the IPAD/Kindle etc etc...I'm sure they've not ordered any more for stock because they've realized the ones they did sell are being returned for unforseen defects and I'm sure they've made the conscious decision not to burden their customers with this device any longer.They were very kind to me for the most part when I returned the device.  So while I've ragged equally on Borders and the Velocity Cruz, what it boils down to is my whole-hearted disappointment that my new Christmas toy of which I cherished with all it's kinks and flaws ultimately did not work out for ME.That said, Borders in and of itself is KEWL in my book.  The Velocity Cruz however -sucks rocks