There are plenty of posts here decrying all its shortcomings and moaning about the fact that it is only android 1.5 and does not support flash, the touch screen is resistive yedda yedda yedda ..So i thought I'd write a review telling everybody what they CAN do with it.Before I start, please know that there is a very comprehensive website called archosfans.com where the technically savvy people can find everything they need to know about modding their tablets. There are custom firmwares, how tos and what not.But I did not do any of that. I am using it unmodded and am quite happy with the functionality. Out of the box, it gives you the ability to read your emails, surf the net, read books, read news from all over the world, chat with your MSN and yahoo messenger friends, play music or videos from the 32GB SD card or 8GB memory. A light weight device with a 7 inch screen that can do all that in itself is a pretty good value at the price mentioned. Key word is portability. Much better than lugging your laptop around. Oh and the battery on this thing seems to last forever.The ALDIKO reader that comes bundled with it allows you to download lots of free books to your device. Not only that, it allows you to add a custom catalogue to your device - such as [...] which lets you download thousands of free public domain books including those by Dickens and my personal favorites - P.G. Wodehouse and H.Rider Haggard.Now what else can you do with it ? As it turns out - PLENTY. But first delete, not update, but delete the appslib that comes bundled with it and reinstall the new appslib from [...]/latest.0. Taskiller app from appslib. Put it on the main screen (by tapping and holding just like iphone) and now you can actually kill apps that are running in the background and free up memory. If you kill all apps except the taskiller, it also solves the problem of frequent unexpected wake from sleep cycles that drain battery.1. Remote VNC and RDP clients - two apps available from appslib lets you control all the PCs or Laptops from your archos 7 device. For using the RDP client you will need to enable remote access on your PCs and for using the VNC client you will have to install something like tightVNC on your PCs/laptops.2. Youtube - That is right. There is a youtube version 1.3 APK available on the net which installs a youtube application on your archos 7 device. Version 1.3 was the last Cupcake (Android 1.5) compatible version of youtube. Regrettably, the myAccount feature in the app does not work. So your personal favorites, playlists etc are inaccessible but you can still search and play.3. Facebook - You can download a facebook app from appslib. There are more than one available. So take your pick.4. PANDROA - Well not really. I could not find PANDORA per se but from appslib you can download an application called SLACKER. Same concept as Pandora but better implementation. My favorite feature in this app is a predefined HITS section which has several predefined radio stations - Current hits, Love songs, hits from the 80s, 70, 60s, 50s, Country and others. It even has international stations.5. ES FILE EXPLORER - Search for it on the net. It lets you access files from all the network shares on your home network. Which means all your media, audio or video, is just a flick of a finger away. The current version of this software has some limitations. When playing audio files it does not automatically move on to the next audio file and when playing video, it actually transfers the entire video to the internal memory instead of streaming it.6. Skyfire browser - Search for it on the net. This browser lets you play embedded FLASH videos on websites such as MSN.com.7. Sleeptimer - Search for it on the net. This application, as the name suggests, lets you specify a time after which it will shut down the audio player. So if you like going to sleep while listening to your favorite melody..this is the application for you. Just a word of caution - It lets your turn off WIFI when it goes to sleep - DON'T DO IT - because then the wifi stops working altogether. I had to do a factory reset and load everything all over again.8. An application that produces white noise - ocean sounds, rain sounds, fan sounds and a dozen other to help some of you light sleepers fall asleep. Search appslib for the word "sleep" and you will find a bunch of these.9. The photo frame app that comes bundled with it can be used to endlessly slideshow your pictures, while the audio player is playing your favorite music.I am sure you can find many more uses for it and many more cool applications from appslib. This is all i have been able to do in my 2 weeks of owning this tablet and needless to say i am 100 % satisfied with it.PS - Check out Andromote (on the device) and XBMC (on the pc) combination also. I did not find it very compelling but you may feel differently.