I got mine last night and I am very happy with it.  I gave it five stars, not because it does everything under the sun, but because it is a great value for $200.  Some things I write below compare it to expectations from smartphones and tablet standards, but they should be taken with a grain of salt because of the low price tag.Likes: I love the form factor.  Archos has provided a proof of concept and I can't wait for the 7" Android tablets to flood the market later this year and next year.  It is very light weight and awesome for laying in bed or on the couch while surfing, reading etc.  The form factor is just so much more enjoyable than a 10" iPad.  The video quality is just stunning and will make an excellent travel companion just for this feature alone.  Typing on the device (with Swype) makes this a great tablet for writing short emails and getting on facebook.  The attached kickstand is very convenient and I'm sure it will get tons of use.  I just hope that it won't break since it is plastic.  I was pleasantly surprised to find the system very snappy and responsive since I was expecting a little bit of lag time due to the specs.  I would have liked to see more processing speed and more memory, but who wouldn't?Dislikes: Of course the resistive touch screen is the top of the list.  I would have liked to see capacitive, but market limitations just didn't make that possible.  I'm sure there will be a lot of 7" tablets with capacitive screens released later this year.  I would have liked an accelerometer, but I haven't missed it yet.  I'm sure that I will run across an app that will make me miss it, but nothing so far.  I don't have to worry about the orientation changing unexpectedly when laying down, so that is a plus.  The 1.5 version of Android was a terrible mistake by Archos and, in my opinion, inexcusable.  1.6 should be a bare minimum at this point and I am going to run into a lot of apps that won't work.  I would have also liked the ability to charge the device over USB (you have to use an outlet).Other Thoughts:  If you are in the market for a great 7" entry level tablet, this is a great buy and you won't be disappointed.  If you must have top of the line and can't see yourself happy downgrading services from your Android phone, then you might want to hold off until later this year.  I am part of the [...] community and that is making this device much more enjoyable because we have a wiki of confirmed supported apps along with other information.  Some people have reported defective devices, but it seems like a small portion of the population, so that is nothing out of the ordinary.  Archos has already released one firmware update, and I hope more come in the future.  With the limited memory and processing speed, a task manager is an absolute MUST have.