I am a tech junkie with a TON of experience with tablets.  I have owned, or currently own, the following:HTC FlyeriPad 2Archos 70iColor NookKindle FireSamsung Galaxy Tab 10.1Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9All of them have pros and cons, whether it be price, size, speed, lack of features, (ex: No Flash - iPad; No expandable memory - Fire, iPad, Samsung; No camera - Nook, Fire), interface design, etcetera. I'm here to tell you that the HTC Flyer is possibly the best of ALL worlds here.PROS:Size - 7", with cover/case, fits in a jacket pocket, back pocket on jeans, purse, etcetera.Price - It's $299 at Best Buy!!!  $499 everywhere else, even online.  This is the right price, being just $40 more than the new Nook Tablet, which doesn't have a camera, a crappy interface, and no stylus option. The Fire is a great unit, but some might not like the interface overly much - though I tend to like it, but wish they wouldn't show every book I've ever bought from them on the Home screen.  But the Fire has only 6.4gb of real memory to use, which, if you want to download some movies, leaves you very little room for music, and forget the "cloud".  What a joke.  Who is ALWAYS going to be near GOOD speedy WiFi?Weight - It's not bad, at 14.8 ounces - under a pound.  The Samsung 8.9 is bigger and only weighs an ounce more, but... it doesn't fit in any pocket - though it does fit in a handbag.Interface - Fantastic!  HTC had widgets for everything, already setup for you.  Email, weather, Facebook, Contacts, etc.  Very easy and fun to use.  It's like your HTC phone.  Its not running Honeycomb or Ice Cream Sandwich, yet, but it will soon.  Though I hope they leave on the widgets.Speed - I'm blown away how fast this thing is!  It starts up in just a few seconds!  Unlike ALL the other devices here, which take 30 seconds to get rolling from a power-off.  There is also ZERO lag.  Everything is fast and smooth.  Also, everything just works.Battery life - So far, it seems excellent.  It charges up in a few hours, (versus the Nook, which takes all night, it seems).  I haven't full-on tested the life, but from a week of heavy playing with it, I haven't run out, yet.  I did top off the charge a few times, but it seems to run vey long.  Probably 8 hours, or more, with serious use.  Idle life has to be in days, for sure.Display - crisp graphics, and they upped the size of the icons (!!!).  Easy to read.  A lot of these 7" tablets have tiny text and tiny icons.Strong WiFi - the WiFi radio seems to be nicely strong.CONS:Size - On some apps, 7" is just too small for reading text, and some of these apps don't let you change the text size.  But that's an obvious trade-off for pocketability.  And its quite rare to have this issue.  It's such a good overall device, I'm literally thinking of selling all my bigger tablets.  To my surprise!  But, I might just keep the 8.9 Samsung Tab, just because it is the perfect all-around size and weight and balance. And price, ($399 at Best Buy online).  The only problem, of course, is that it doesn't fit in your pocket, (though, like I said, it fits in a handbag, if you're a woman).  Or, possinly hang onto the 10.1 Tab, just for the screen size for movies.  But... 8.9 is pretty close.