The iPad is truly a "magical device" - it got me into Davos for free! It started in NYC (as all great stories do) and I won't bore you with all the details but suffice to say I was purusing Megan Fox pictures - the classy ones - on my new iPad and Tony Blair's PA who was in NYC visiting friends was on the subway sitting next to me. He happened to look over my shoulder - and well, thanks to my gleaming new iPad we hit it off! We went for drinks downtown, partied till the wee hours and 24 hours later voila I'm tumbling in Swiss down feather pillows with my iPad at Davos!Well with the iPad in hand (I leave the case off, it can get kind of smudgy but really a lot classier than those dull plastic looking covers) we dined with Tony (BTW Berlusconi's got nothing on the Tone) and really beat the bush about how to solve the whole getting broadband WiFi out to the poor. We were on to something but then Tony started getting antsy. His PA (BTW his name is Geoffery) leaned over and whispered in my ear that Tony was allergic to asparagus (huh). Well apparently the Tone likes his asparagus but it gives him the itchies in his buttocks (something about the antibodies attacking his hemorrhoids and inflaming them and then bam! he's scratching at 'em like the devil).Of course this was not good news as we had planned a "party" back at Tony's hotel suite with Berlusconi (aka Bert). The Bert was bringing the champagne (primo stuff) and Dmitri (some Russian dude) was going to bring his iPad and bunch of "secret" apps. Well, I'm not one to miss a party especially on someone else's buck and decided to take action. I took out my iPad cleanser (see above re smudges), sprayed it generously onto the $50 special cleaning cloth I had purchased (I tell you that cloth works magic - I once cleaned my laptop screen and it wiped out the entire drive!). With as much British decorum I could muster I discretely passed the sopping wet cloth across the table to Tony Blair. Not even a quizzical look - he knew instantly - grabbed the cloth and swiped away! There was that winning toothy smile and a couple of shots later we were back on track and solved the whole WiFi issue!Well as you probably figure the Party happened. Bert brought the champagne and his assistants (to - ahem - pop the corks), and a few choice cigars. Dmitri showed us his iPad apps (he's sooo much cooler in real life, though it was weird his secretary Vladimir kept calling him and telling him to get back to his hotel room...) Anyway, we partied all through the next day's sessions, pretty much trashed the room.  During a lull in the mayhem, Tony pulled the iPad cloth from his pocket (well it wasn't quite that elegant, he had to reach under the bed and pull his trousers out from underneath the bottles of booze, but you get the point, and yes I did see the 'rrhoids), handed it to me and said "Davos 2012." Cool. Thanks iPad!