I received this tablet (the 32GB version) on Tuesday and after a couple days to get used to it here's what I found;Overall I really like the tablet.  It's fast, very fast, very thin & light, runs most apps without any issues (some apps won't work with it but this is only because the developers haven't put it on the list of compatible devices.  i.e. Lets Golf 3 won't run on it, I'm sure it will be updated to work though.  This tablet definitely has enough power to run it).  There's no way I've found to root it yet though.  I'll keep it as I'm sure someone will come up with a way sooner than later.Some other reviewers have said the sound is too low.  This is fixable by going into the audio enhancement settings and click on SRS sound boost.  With this on the volume is just fine.  The stereo separation is very good too (two speakers located on the bottom side of the device)This tablet has a pretty big proprietary connector on the supplied USB cable. It should last a while, it better be tough for the size of it.  This brings up an interesting point.  When you plug in the tablet with this cable to your computer, nothing happens other than it will charge the tablet.  On all of our computers (5 of them) windows wouldn't recognize the tablet was attached.  When you plug in the tablet with a micro USB cable the computer will recognize it.  It's a bummer they use a huge connector on a cable that only charges the tablet and then only at 5v.  Takes a long time to charge.  On the upside you can use external battery pack chargers (you can get 10000+mAh batteries for around $60 on Amazon that will provide a lot of spare power.Toshiba tech support from my limited experience with them is awful.  I called about transferring files via the supplied cable and they were no help.I also had an issue using the USB host functionality trying to use an external hard drive and found via their tech support it will only support drives formatted to exFAT, FAT or FAT32.  DOES NOT support drives formatted to NTFS.  This is very odd...  I had to back up a 750GB Oyen Digital hard drive, reformat it and then transfer the files (mostly movies and TV shows) back to it.  Took forever.  Now that the drive is formatted to exFAT it works perfectly.  Just plug it in using a micro USB host cable (purchased separately) and viola, it shows up on the file explorer (both the stock file explorer and ES file explorer).PROS:* It's very light and thin* It's super-fast.  I scored a little over 10300 on AnTuTu benchmark, and this is with the tablet loaded up with apps (my xoom would only do 6700 or so).  Once I can root it and overclock it a bit I'm sure it'll be one of the fastest tablets around.* Full sized SD card support.  I'm using a 64GB card and it works great.  I'm sure it'll handle a 128GB card.  If I spring for one I'll update this review if it doesn't.* Some of the bloatware is un-installable (the demo app, games etc.).  You don't need to unable them, but that is an option if you want to keep them on the device.* Screen image is sharp (although there is a fair amount of light bleed - see the cons)* Gorilla Glass* Handles 1080p video well, although the native video players doesn't handle many video formats. Use "MX Player", free on the market and will play anything.* Screen is very responsive.  Almost too responsive, when you go to touch an icon if your finger is moving at all left or right it will start to scroll the page and you'll need to touch the icon again to open the app.* Very good wifi and GPS reception.* Stock browser works great.  Haven't had a force close yet (this would happen all the time on my Xoom, even after I upgraded it to ICS).* USB host functionality is great (many devices need to be rooted to get this to work).* Charging off of a standard USB port is nice, but it takes a long time to fully charge.* Battery life is pretty good.  I've been getting around 8 hours of actual use (mix of streaming vids, checking email, etc).* Boot time is fast.  I clocked 55 seconds from off to the lock screen showing up and then another 10-15 seconds for widgets to load.CONS:* Lots of light bleed.  Not very noticeable if you're watching something with a lot of light but during dark scenes it's a little annoying.* Proprietary charging cable that only seems to charge the tablet.* Charging takes a looong time* No way to root yet.  After some digging around it looks like it might be awhile before a rooting method is released... This is a real bummer.* Can only handle FAT formats if you use an external hard drive.* Some apps aren't compatible with it, yet.* You have to click the notification area a few times sometimes to get it to open up.That's about it.  Overall I really like this tablet and can't wait for a rooting method to be released.  If I notice anything else that needs to be addressed I'll update this review.  Feel free to ask any questions and I'll help if I can!