I purchased this tablet first for my girlfriend who was looking for something handy like an ipad but had java web functionality to play her pogo games. As an ipad 2 owner, i was interested in what the w500 could do, so when it came in, I removed some garbage software,tweaked it to my liking, and went at it.I was very happy to see how responsive everything was. The onscreen keyboard is nice and responsive. Touch input was surprisingly accurate and easy to use. Being able to install Steam for some games, and teamspeak to keep in touch with my game pals was a joy. After bout 3 hours of playing, I let the lady take it and off I went into the other room with my ipad2. No more then 10 minutes later I found myself frustrated that some flash site I had been on was not supported. This prompted me to ask myself... "why am i putting up with this crap". I ordered an iconia w500 the same nite!This is not to say that the Ipad2 is garbage. It is a beautiful device. Thin, lightweight, a pleasure to carry, and the IOS is simply a pleasure to use.The apps are amazing. Everything from games, books, to remote desktop software. (of which i used a lot to get to flash sites and java enabled sites, however annoying to have to do this and deal with the lag of RDP connections.)However, with the Iconia you now have windows 7 in the palm of your hands! Everything you are used to is available and compatible! Going to java web enabled websites! Flash pages! No more "This isnt supported" nonsense! Having full Microsoft office 2010! The detachable keyboard is great, and being able to easily hook up my logitech m305 mouse makes the experience even more delightful.The fact of the matter is that no tablet today is perfect. Apple cripples their devices with their stubbornness to control the computing industry. (which they seem to be doing quite well...). Other tablets like the blackberry playbook look like a joke, and android tablets are basically in the same operational boat as Apple, (with the exception of flash, however java web is still lacking and who knows what other web standards I missed in iOS and Android devices!)The Iconia as well has some flaws when compared to the norm setting iPad2. In tablet form it is seemingly twice as heavy. Even more so when you attach the keyboard essentially turning it into a netbook. The screen itself is plastic as opposed to the very nice aluminum used by Apple, and some features that it tries to mimic, such as the screen rotation, function quite poorly, mainly due because Windows 7 was simply not made for a tablet interface to begin with.In the end, I am a heavy windows users. I don't like to be hindered in any way when it comes to basic usage, and sadly, the ipad 2 does that too much to me, forcing me to apps that get me around issues in a half baked fashion. I will happily use a physically less attractive device with no limitations (basic usage). If you do not have the same attachment to windows as me, I say, get an iPad 2. Otherwise, you will be more then happy to go Iconia W500.As a side note, I should note that the C-50 AMD Fusion processor is lacking in terms of a windows CPU. The Apple A5 is probably faster however they cant really be compared, (A5 uses ARM instruction set, different from windows CPU's)The GPU on the die is definitely nice, but is certainly bottle necked by the CPU as you may discover if you try to run an application/game that is too intensive. For a tablet as intended however? Excellent!Additionally, when Windows 8 comes out, apple may be in serious trouble ;-)  Look into it!