I am not a techie and dont have a business smart phone (which Blackberry supposedly have expertise in for years).  I purchased this Playbook 16 G over Black Friday at $199 which to me is a no brainer over the Kindle Fire (which I almost prebooked few months back).Here's my reasons (for now):--7 inch size, very portable and light weight, will fit even in most pants pocket.  I used to travel with my netbook that weights over 2 pounds--primarily used for internet surfing, emailing in any Wi-Fi hotspots I can find.  Even at that weight it is not easy to lug around and turn on instantly.  Now with the Playbook (PB) with a leather protective cover weighs 1.1 pound, smaller dimension than netbook and turn on from sleep mode instantly.  For others who debate screen too small and prefer Ipad bigger screen-- that is strictly a personal preference.  I just dont see it suitable for me because it is not portable enough.  And 7" screen size is big enough for me when I've been carrying an IPOD touch for last several years which I still use and love but screen a little small for surfing.--HD camera and screen.  I've browse through other 7 inch tablets: Acer Iconia A100 which was on sale recently for $189, but the color is just not comparable.  Samsung Galaxy is beautiful but cost few hundred dollars more.  PB is just beautiful in videos and have dual speakers on the sides (not the back that can sound muffled).  With front and back camera potentially I can do Skype when PB gets upgrade, and if it never gets upgrade-- la de da, who cares at $199.  Also can you imagine discreetly trying to take picture with IPAD 2?  With PB it is easier to do.-- which brings up the comparison with Kindle Fire.  There are already tons on comparison on google and I wont repeat it.  But I think from what I have researched so far at $199, PB is a steal for me.  Fire is sold at a loss too at Amazon but it is a win win for the consumer because it seemed like a sub-$200 tablet is the price point for most consumers as attested by first the HP tablet sold out and now the PB too (and of course the Kindle Fire is selling like hotcake too).It is a no brainer for me to get PB over Fire for the same price because it has dual cameras, microphone, a true multi-tasking browser, bigger RAM (1 gb vs 500mb)and storage (16 g vs 8 g).  And if in Feb PB gets upgrade and can access Android market, then it's a bonus for me.  In the meantime, not a dealbreaker.--Ease of use.  After reading a few pages into the Crackberry forum, I gleaned enough useful information for basic navigation and the more I use it the more I like it.  Learning curve is not that steep and it is a marvelous little device.  For those who have already purchased the PB and complained about hard to use, I said give it a chance and read up few tips on the forum and it is a wonderful device.-- Battery.  Great.  Charge fully with the wall charger within couple hours.  The USB-mini USB cord I found out dont really charge or charge at such slow rate I pretty much dont use it.  And battery is a much bigger capacity one over the Acer Iconia that I was considering at one time and can last pretty much whole day on frequent use.  When put on sleep mode, battery really does not drain much at all-- which brings up the loudly complained point of "POWER BUTTON" being way too small-- well, just dont turn off power button, put on sleep mode then you really dont have to fuss with small button.  For me, it is not a problem cause using my finger tip I can turn on or off with no problem.-- No native mail etc.  Not a problem for me since I just use my Gmail, AOL through the browser when I get to Wi-Fi spot, same as what I've been doing with my netbook.-- No Kindle app.  I already have a Kindle which measure exactly as my PB with Leather cover, the duo plus my IPOD touch make great travel companions and keep me occupied and entertained for hours on end.  And as I said before when BB do upgrade and include Android market then watch out a WHOLE NEW WORLD of potentials.  In the meantime, I am very happy with my sub-$200 device.-- Tethering.  Not a feature I am currently using but intriguing for me.  Read that a lot of user like it to tether to their phones to avoid additional monthly charge.The only CON so far which has been resolved:  For about a week since purchase I had connection problem with PB at home.  Connection was intermittent even with the WI FI signal four bars (strongest).  Cant figure out and talked to numerous techs at Blackberry.  Talked to my ISP and even Cisco who makes my router.  The strange thing was PB worked beautifully outside of home in various Wi-FI hotspots (Starbucks, McDOnalds, Whole Foods etc).  I deduced it may be a ROUTER problem and the last tech at PB had me reconfigured the Cisco Valet Plus router to wireless G as compared to Wirelss N and now PB worked at home without any problem.  And multi-tasking is a joy to use.I gave 5 stars for the solidly built device with a great OS that has a understated elegant look.  Four stars for now for a somewhat limited app market but lots of potential.