I purchased this tablet for one major reason - my one-eyed vision ain't what it used to be. I love my iPod 4G Touch, but my single old eye is getting older. It was just getting too difficult to make out a lot of the tiny text and graphics. I had to get a bigger screen. However, I've played with iPads and other 10 inch tablets, and for my own liking, they are too large. Also, I wanted Flash. I was tired of not being able to visit web sites using Flash. This is a great mid-sized tablet. Easy to use, easy to set up. In fact, the user guide is just a tiny little few-page pamphlet. If you've ever used a smart phone, tablet or iPod touch, you'll have no major negative issues using this one. You'll have to decide for yourself if the size is right for you. The screen resolution is good, but it could be better. If it had something like retina display, that would be more up to Samsung's standards. I did at first have a bit of trouble with some of the on-screen buttons. It seemed that a few of them needed to be hit a bit high up, above the actual button, but maybe that's just my poor vision, or maybe it's me adjusting from my iPod 4G Touch, I'm not sure. Battery life isn't quite what I was hoping - similar to my iPod. I was expecting longer battery life. Samsung built in a lot of apps, so look at the ones already there before you go hunting for apps. Chances are, it's already there, but no shortcut is on the desktop. Skype works just fine with this Samsung model, even though it's not on their list of approved hardware devices. It has a faster WiFi data rate than the iPod - nearly twice as fast. The cute little IR app they have for using the unit as a remote control for your audio and video equipment, Peel, worked fine for a little while, but now it just shuts off the television and stereo. Even then, it still works great as an interactive TV viewing guide! I think its IR capability is the "Plus" in the model name. A few real nice things to mention: the included Polaris Office suite can read and write various versions of MS Office file types for Word, Presentations, and Excel. Also, the unit reads PDFs and most other standard file types with no problem. A button at the bottom middle has some of the more popular utilities you might want to use; Task Manager, calendar, world clock, "Pen Memo" notepad, calculator, and music player. The Task Manager is great! You can readily see all running programs, individually or collectively shut them off, and you can even clear RAM. The "Pen Memo" accepts on-screen finger-tip writing. Very nice for quick notes. Easily sets up apps like Yahoo and Gmail, Facebook, Twitter, etc. Samsung's app store has most every Android app you could imagine. The music player took me a while to get used to. I'm still finding strange buttons that do weird things there. The cameras are great - very high resolution for a tablet. Good video, too. This is a great unit for video chatting. System control buttons on the bottom left are; Back, Home, Multi-task, and Screen shot. Buttons on the lower right are for running tasks, information, and an information tab that opens up to show tons of needed data such as controls for WiFi, Notifications, GPS, Sound, Auto-rotation, Bluetooth and Airplane Mode. This window also shows time, date, power (percent charge), WiFi source, music player, weather, and more. Between the Task Manager and this information tab, it kicks butt on the iPod for utility, system control and ease of use. I wish it had the ability to create desktop folders! To make up for this shortcoming, there are literally FIVE different home screens! You can customize all of them with widgets, apps, and shortcuts. But five home screens is a drag. I want to create folders, and have just one home screen. Great tiny little stereo speakers are on the bottom, with standard stereo 3.5mm audio output jack for headphones or external speakers. Volume rocker is nice. Power button could be set a bit lower; I accidentally hit it now and then due to its close proximity to the corner while handling the unit. Manual and auto brightness has a good level range. Overall, considering why I bought it, the tablet does what it's supposed to do. The fact that it has front and rear cameras and a microphone keeps me from having lost any capabilities I had on my iPod. Something like a Kindle Fire might be nice, but since it can't even keep up with an iPod Touch, it certainly wouldn't be able to come close to matching the features of this unit. Thus, the price difference. If you don't need things like SoundHound, Shazaam, HD video and audio recording, photography, video chat, or any of that other great A/V stuff - get something less. But if you want a great little mid-sized tablet, this is definitely one to consider. With over 400,000 apps available, and so far, all the one I have downloaded are free, how can you go wrong? Samsung needs to read this review to make a few improvements. A better (i.e. higher-res) display and the ability to create desktop folders would be nice improvements. And, please move the power button down off the corner! No matter, I'm still very glad I bought it. I also bought the Poetic leather travel case for it - right here at Amazon. Nice case, but that's another review.Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus 32GB (Dual Core, Universal Remote, WiFi)