First of all, what wifi issue?  The only hesitation I had in buying an iPad was from reviewers that commented that the iPad dropped wifi constantly.  I can only speculate that Apple has fixed the issue.  It has worked perfectly, right out of the box on my $35 wifi router, and I've taken it to numerous hot-spots and friends houses where it has worked perfectly!  It sees the wifi, asks if I want to join, I press one button, and I'm going.I didn't spend the money on 3G, and haven't missed it once.  BTW, 32GB is proving to be plenty, unless you want to keep more than about 10 movies at once.  You can keep tons of movies in iTunes, and then just select/deselect and re-sync if you want to change the movies you have loaded, so it's not a pain to manage.Other positive notes: - Touch sensitivity is incredible.  If you use other touch devices, be prepared to be frustrated when you go back to them after using the iPad.  Apple has perfected this! - Screen clarity, resolution, image 'depth', anti-glare, readability from all angles - all these are spot on.  As far as I can tell, it is unscratchable! - App store is tons of fun - just imagine it - find it in the App store - and within a minute you are doing it! - The onscreen keyboard works great!  I had real doubts, but I am a total convert. - Despite other comments to the contrary, this is a fabulous device for doing real work. Apple has sold itself short on downplaying the iPad's ability to handle real-world work.  For example, Apple should get a real Msft Office app right away.  Current apps can be somewhat error-prone.  Apple needs to establish a line of certified professional-grade apps for real work (when you can't tolerate a crash).Room for improvement (note, despite these, I still gave it 5 stars!):In general, where Apple falls short is where it stubbornly refuses to even bend an inch on its "principles", all three items below fall into this... - File sharing (or lack thereof) is my principle frustration.  Apple has locked files to the apps, so there is no file management system per se.  In general this is not a problem, until you want to do some real work and share what work you did on the iPad with the rest of the world, or your other computers.  IMHO, what Apple needs is a web-based file sharing environment where apps like Pages (or that full-functionality Office Suite I'm waiting for), can seamlessly pull docs, edit them on or off-line, and then sync.  Then, you can access the same docs from your PC and just keep working.  Google Docs is on the right path, but they've put too much effort into the community file sharing/editing functions and skipped right past the more basic need people have for sharing docs between the various types of hardware/software that they own personally.  All of this is software based, so no reason Apple can't work it out in due time.  The iPad instructions tell you to use the iTunes app to share files - WAPITA!  Forget that, I just email them back and forth, which the iPad has made really easy. - Apparently Apple and the maker of Flash Player can't play in the same sandbox - shame on both of you - I'm taking a toy away from each of you!  As a user, you are likely to find several web sites that you enjoy that the iPad won't work well with because of this.  Frustrating - unacceptable! - Despite a really good on-screen keyboard and touch editing, arrow keys would be REALLY HANDY!!!! Once again, Apple won't bend on it's phylosphy.  But admit it, nudging the cursor one or two letters to the left/right/up/down would be so much quicker/easier than that little magnifying glass (which I really can't see over the top of my finger).So, I've rambled on longer about my minor 'dislikes', than my major 'loves', but that's because I care!Awesome product Apple - positively amazing in a first-of-its-kind product - but you've got some work to do if you don't want competitors to fill in the minor gaps and run past you.  So get out of your own way and finish making this product a real workhorse (imagine the sales when companies start buying them for their employees)!!!