Update: We just went through the first big software update to the iPad and various issues have been corrected.  The chief one is multi-tasking.  I can now click the home button twice and a bar will appear which lets me choose other functions.  I choose one and my screen is visibly swiped for another.  Also, internet radio, like my Pandora app, will now continue to play if you leave to use another function of the iPad.  Prior to this, the music stopped playing when you left Pandora.  I now have a mute button on the side and the fix position button is now on the multi-tasking bar.  I've added a few more ereader apps and, as an ebook reader, I use the ipad all of the time.  It is as good for magazines and full color art books as it is for text books.  I have not discovered any downside to this update yet.  It of course still does not play Flash but I don't think that will change as Apple is opposed to Flash. My original review appears below:I use this every day and all day long.  I read all of my books on it.  I watch tv shows and movies on it--I have not turned on a tv set since the day it arrived. I listen to audios on it. I have no problem using the virtual keyboard and can write my emails just fine on it.  I look at my Picasa albums on it. I listen to audiobooks and music on it.  I surf the web.  Then there are the apps....oh, boy...the apps are something to get lost in.  I play scrabble against the computer on it, ditto gin rummy.  I play my crosswords on it and it downloads all of my New York Times ones. I have art history apps so watched art ones, beautiful images, while waiting for a nerve wracking CT scan.  In fact, I get so absorbed in my iPad that I am somewhat irritated when "tourists" want to bother me and ask me what it is and what I'm doing on it. However, my natural enthusiasm takes over and I find myself showing them all of the things I am doing on it.My husband got one after he watched me with mine for a few months.  He gets lost in it for hours every evening.  He has a few quibbles about the iPad.  His biggest one is that it doesn't play Flash.  However, I think his problem is that he doesn't realize that if he used Apps properly that he wouldn't even have a need for Flash.  I certainly don't.  I don't need it for my Crosswords, for example, because my App handles all of my crosswords brilliantly.When I listen to all the complaints about the iPad, I think it boils down to that somehow the iPad is not the macbook in iPad form.  I don't need another Macbook!  I have a macbook, an iPad and an iPhone and frankly there is nothing else I need.  What one may not do best, the other does.  At home, where I spend most of my time, I am surrounded by all three.  When I go out, I take the iPad and iPhone.  I used to take the Macbook too but that is rarely necessary anymore. Once you have these three products, you can junk the rest of your electronics.  I certainly did.  My nephew is now using my sony reader, my digital picture frame, our Hero phone and so on and so forth.