My primary reason for acquiring an iPad was for leisure and for work in the future.  I am currently a college student with plans to teach at the high school level, so I knew there would be endless amount of apps that will enhance my teaching in the future.  Right now, schools are exploring 1 on 1 iPads with their students because it makes it so much easier to grade and create assignments without the hassle of textbooks.  At home, I became sick of pulling out my four-year old Dell laptop to surf the web, watch videos, and just play around.  I wanted something that was smaller, easy to travel with, and it had to be a tablet.  Now, my Dell is fine for writing papers and all the other obligations that come with being a college student, but for an apple product as efficient and productive as the iPad, the price is tough to beat.  The iPad does not replace a desktop or a laptop, but it is a tremendous technological device that is user friendly and fun to play with.  Whether it is for leisure or work, there is an application for it.  What I like the most is that the ios apple system signals to the iPad when it is time for an update, making it up to par with the latest technology, which in turn betters its efficiency and productivity instantly.  With that being said, the ability to access the apple store is what sets it apart from other tablets.  Like I previously stated, there are apps for everything, and there are even several free apps that increase enjoyment and productivity.  It is a must buy for anyone interested in a tablet for both leisure and work obligations.I also have an iPhone 4 which I use very religiously, and the iPad 2 is an extension of that for me.  There are fewer apps available for the iPad, but that's not saying a lot, as there are still thousands available for it, as I find myself searching for a new app daily on the apple store.I have the 32GB edition and have not come close to filling up all the storage space!  I think it is the perfect size for somebody that doesn't constantly use it, but for someone that is on it daily at work or at home.  If you are going to count on it for everything you do in regards to a computer device, I would recommend the 64GB, but for me the 32GB has been great and I have not run into any problems to this point.  In addition, the device is very light, and you can hold it with one hand.  Definitely buy a protective case for your iPad, even though I have found it to be very durable.It is very nice to be able to use it like a mini computer.  You can access your personal files via google drive, drop box, etc. to increase productivity and bring your desktop or laptop files on the road with you.  One nice feature is that you can view websites with a mobile display or desktop display, serving for the benefit of all users.  Powerpoints, Word Documents, and PDF's are easy to view with the tap of the finger, which is very beneficial for someone in the business world or still in school.While I thoroughly enjoy my iPad 2, there are frustrations with it.  I find myself frustrated with the fact that I can't play Flash.  I like to watch videos, especially via twitter and facebook, and a lot of times I am unable to do so because of the software's inability to play flash.  In addition, I get frustrated because I wish I could make the iPad my only source of a computer.  I wish I could type on word and make a powerpoint as seamless as I do on my Dell.  I could do that, but on a college budget you don't want to be paying for an expensive app to make that a reality, but that's also the beauty of it.  You could download Microsoft Office products if you wanted to make it your go-to computer device.  One thing I would suggest is buying a keyboard for your iPad.  I went a year without one, but once I acquired a keyboard it made it that much more efficient to use!  So much easier to surf the web, iMessage, etc.In essence, if you're having a tough time deciding on buying an iPad or not, I would highly suggest buying one.  Now, if it is between a MAC laptop and an iPad, go with the laptop.  But, if you are in the market for a tablet and are looking for efficiency and productivity with a tablet, the iPad is a much because of the apple IOS software and the thousands of applications available via the apple store.  The slick design with endless amount of possibilities to increase production with an iPad puts it a head above the rest.  Once you begin using an iPad, you won't regret the purchase.