When I first wanted the iPad everyone I knew said the same thing, "Isn't it really just a bigger iPhone?"  Well, no but, at the same time, yes.  That was perfect for me.  Each time I used my iPhone I thought, "I wish this was bigger so I could do more."  Much like any time that I used my Kindle and would think, "If only the web interface was better and this was in color.  If only it was faster."  The iPad filled all of those needs.My Kindle was sold on eBay with in days of the iPad's arrival.  My laptop suddenly spent days sitting idle and untouched as my iPad took its place as my primary mode of web browsing.  Magazine subscriptions were halted as I waited patiently for iPad versions.  I could not be happier with publications like Vanity Fair and the New Yorker.I did buy a case and the Bluetooth keyboard for the iPad.  I found that these items added to the functionality and enabled me to get even more from the iPad.  I chose the option with 3G because, so often, when I had my Kindle and iPhone out in the world, I took advantage of the Internet access.  I did not want to have to rely on the existence of free or pay-as-you-go Wi-Fi.Here's a quick run-down of my impressions and how I rate each user experience.+ Web browsing - 5 starsIt is wonderful to be able to sit back and read a long article without craning my neck to look at the monitor.  The only downside is that I now spend a lot more time browsing the web than my pre-iPad self did.+Reading eBooks - 5 starsI have owned a Kindle and a Sony Reader.  While I understand the benefits of e-ink, I have to say that they are a bit overstated.  Yes, it is nice not to consume so little power and not have to deal with a back-lit screen to some extent.  However, unlike my laptop or computer monitor, the iPad screen does not bother my eyes even after prolonged periods of reading.  Also, it is terrific to be free from an external lighting source on airplanes or in bed.  With the e-ink devices, I often felt that the glare from any of the booklights I tried was distracting and difficult on my eyes.  I do not have that problem with the iPad.  All of my Kindle books are just as enjoyable on the Kindle for iPad app.  It's easy to use and the highlighting and dictionary features are even more useful without having to use the clumsy interface to navigate the Kindle screen.+Outdoor use - 3 starsThe screen is much tougher to see outdoors.  It's almost unusable in many cases.  Since I wear polarized sunglasses, I have to turn the screen to horizontally to even see it.  If I have them on and have the screen in portrait mode, it is totally black.  This is not a big problem for me since I don't really take an eBooks to the beach and rarely find myself in full sunlight wishing I could search the web.  It is fine in even slight shade so sidewalk cafes are still an option.+Business use - 5 starsThe calendar and contacts on the iPad are much more useful to me than those on the iPhone.  Having a larger screen makes the calendar feature much easier to use if you are navigating a day full of appointments.  I was awestruck when I first opened it after years of trying to get by with a Blackberry or an iPhone.  I also downloaded an app that allows me to store and read PDFs.  This was inexpensive and made keeping track of everything from whitepapers to meeting notes much easier.  I am anti-paper and this device really allowed me to put away all of my paper notebooks and avoid printing for weeks at a time.  I also have two mind map applications that are excellent for brainstorming and developing the top-level outline for a new project.+Movies (Netflix) - 5 starsThe clarity is amazing - even when I am on the 3G network.  I've also downloaded videos from the iTunes store and they are just as perfect.  If it was possible to give it 500 stars, I might be so inclined.