To begin with I would describe myself, when it comes to using electronics, as an experienced end user.  My uses for my Acer A500 with 16MB internal memory are mostly getting information off the web and reading books, newspapers, and magazines.  Also, using the App "Documents to Go" I pick up Word, Excel, and .pdf docs that I need for reference.  The inexpensive ($50) Acer bluetooth keyboard works well for composing anything longer than a quick e-mail.  To get to the point, my Acer A500 has performed without a hitch during the three months I have owned it.  Initially, when I purchased it Dec '11 there were a number of upgrades to the operating system from Acer.  I remember needing one re-boot before the upgrades, none since. Everything has worked well, connecting bluetooth devices, connecting to wi-fi, and the other usual tasks all happen as they should -- easily.I find the wider screen configuration (compared to an I-Pad) to be an advantage not only because it is correct for movies/videos, but because it allows web pages to be sized wider -- a personal preference.Visual clarity, and touch sensitivity are excellent, and very much on a par with my wife's I-Pad.  Speed surfing the web, opening applications, documents, is very fast, no difference from the I-Pad. And it should be noted that the Acer cost $349, and my wife's I-Pad was north of $600.  And if you want to have a USB port and an HDMI connection on the I-Pad, you are into about $60 worth of cables and the hassle of hauling them around.Flexibility of usage is a strong point.  Available adjustments in "settings" are extensive, there being more available than on the I-Pad.  My memory card slot contains a 32MB micro SD card, which of course could be exchanged for another -- the point being that you have much flexibility with storage.  Following recommendations from other reviewers (thank you!) I have installed the App "File Manager," which does exactly that.  There is also a USB port that is handy for attaching a thumb drive -- or a large hard drive.  The Acer A500 might be a bit heavier, but the USB port, SD card slot -- and the HDMI socket -- are worth this minor inconvenience.Camera feature is handy, if you don't mind being seen taking pictures with something that looks like a clip-board.  Picture quality is fine for quick recording of an image -- for more artistic aspirations I use my digital camera.When using my Droid X as a 3-G hot spot the performance is directly proportional to the performance of the hotspot.  That means it can vary from being almost as fast as from my Apple Airport Extreme (54 Mb/sec vs 72Mb/sec) down to an irritating slow, halting 5Mb sec, or no connection at all.  Bottom line, and no surprise, it's the strength of the 3-G signal that counts.  Amped Wireless has an App "Wi-Fi Analytics" that shows signal strength, channel, and amount of interference on each chanel.  This App has been very helpful getting the best out of wi-fi connections (or figuring out why they didn't work!).Ease of navigation around the device is a strong point.  There is a back button at the bottom left corner that I find much handier than the I-Pad home button.  I felt immediately at home on this device, able to move from one app to another, or whatever, with ease.  It always seems that your apps, settings, bookmarked web pages, Google search -- the stuff you do all the time -- are at your finger tips.Battery life appears to be as advertised, giving about 8 hours of full usage.  I have yet to start the day with a full charge and need to re-charge before day's end.That's about it.  My thanks to the many reviewers who helped me choose this product.