IntroThe Toshiba Thrive is undoubtedly today's (July 2011) best-connected tablet. With innovative full-size USB and SD card slot built-in, the Thrive is a perfect platform to consume media on the go. But is it a good buy? Compare the Pros and Cons below, and judge for yourself..Pros1) ConnectivityMedia consumption and file transfers are easy and seamless thanks to the Thrive's built-in USB 2.0 and full size SD card slot. The USB 2.0 and SD card slot is what makes this tab stand out from the rest, for the time being. Tip: Connecting 2+ USB slots is possible if you purchase a Plugable USB 2.0 10 Port Hub (with Power Adapter).2) BuildThe tablet feels sturdy and non-slick in your hands. The grippy material on the battery bay underside leaves you more confident resting the tab on your lap. You know it probably won't accidentally slip and fall, and even if it did, the Thrive seems sturdy enough to best the occasional mishap. Toshiba's 1 year warranty (standard on the Thrive I ordered from Amazon) and firmware updates available after registering are also reassuring in this department.3) PerformanceIt's fast and easy to switch between apps, thanks to the Thrive's dual-core Nvidia Tegra 2 processor and Android Honeycomb's application switching menu. The application menu always remains minimized in the bottom left hand corner of your window, and displays a list of your most recently used apps. Thumb through them and switch back and forth, and the Tegra 2 doesn't mind a bit.4) Screen Size-10.1" screen size makes browsing the web a more familiar and less eye-straining straining experience than on an Android phone.Cons1) Form FactorThe Thrive is bulky enough to wear down on you over time. As I typed on the tablet while resting it between my hands, a downward gravitational pull distracted me from what I was writing. Even with the Thumb Keyboard app installed, I still wasn't able to comfortably type and hold the tablet at the same time. No matter how I positioned the tablet or what changes I made to the keyboard layout, typing was still uncomfortable compared to typing on my Samsung Charge Android Froyo phone.2) FingerprintsThe screen attracts fingerprints easily. I'm sure the same could be said for most other devices out there but it's still a problem. It makes your space tab look all "used" by "humans" and whatnot. Hopefully this issue will improve as technology improves.ConclusionThe Thrive is a solid option for those seeking an ultraportable web-browsing and entertainment device. The Thrive's form factor is on the bulky side, but it's probably nothing you can't handle. Certainly the device would be at home in a dock, the Toshiba Thrive Multi-Dock with HDMI for 10.1-Inch Tablet (PA3934U-1PRP) for instance.At $480 for the 16GB version, the Thrive isn't cheap. The USB 2.0 port and full size SD card slot are nice features to have, but only impressive relative to other tablet offerings for the present moment. But if you really want to own an Android tablet, right now, I would urge you to consider the Thrive.Final Things to Ponder-A new Acer Chromebook is $350, and almost as portable. It may be a better choice for people who don't need a touch/Android interface.-There are still some Flash issues on Android. Just because Android supports Flash, doesn't mean that Flash works perfectly on Android.-Android Apps SHOULD port from your phone to your tablet, at no additional cost. I've purchased multiple Apps from both the Android Market, and from Amazon's App Store, and I had no problems whatsoever getting all of my Apps to show up on the Thrive. I suspect it could be because I purchased all of my Market apps from the same gmail address.-Android tablet prices are bound to decrease, you can always wait. If you're not sure a tab is right for you, that's exactly what I'd do.-Amazon is an amazing company to order electronics from. If you don't like it, return it!