I awaited the arrival of the Archos 7, anxious to see if it was at least half an iPad. It's not even half. After extensive testing by my two teenagers and I, the best uses for it are as a movie viewer and a primitive game machine (focus on primitive like "connect the dots").Pros:Nice screen size for personal viewing of pre-loaded movies. (NOT over the net since the link is too slow and there is no flash)Accepts SDHC flash cards so it is straightforward to load aforementioned movies from your PC or Mac.The screen does look good (but not super)It has an integral "kick stand" to prop it up on a table in landscape modeThere is an apps web site and many of the apps are free. (Con: you wouldn't want to pay for most of them anyways)Included email and browser functions nomincally work, but ... (See below)Cons:The touch screen is a bit insensitive - barely tolerable. It can, and periodically needs to be, calibrated.The user interface is occasionally frustrating. Even after customizing it, there are items that don't end up being intuitively accessible.The wi-fi is slow. It feels like 802.11b. I don't know if the issue is the link itself or the processor, but it's faster to browse the net on my Blackberry Tour.The processor never feels snappy. For instance, photos display acceptably fast, but just barely. If you use this as a photo viewer, make sure you trim the photos to the Archos screen size because you don't want to wait for this baby to re-scale he photos as you view them. It will be just too slow.The power charger plug is not well attached and falls out a little too easily. It falls out easily enough that this is NOT just a safety issue to keep it from being dragged off the table, it's too loose.The Archos does not play flash, and it doesn't do Quicktime, and it has other format limitations for sound, movies and photos. If you are not a bit computer handy, you are going to be pretty limited. If you are handy, you are going to end up doing a fair number of format conversions.Does not support Mac. You have to transfer files using an SDHC reader/write or use the whole unit as a mass storage device connected to the Mac's USB port.The included headphones are of poor quality and should have been excluded and traded off for a motion sensor or camera capability or something we care about.The browser is vestigial. I ended up downloading Opera Mini v5 beta to replace the included one. Opera's caching system for mobile devices makes the Archos seem acceptably fast for many popular pages. Of course, if it's not a cached page, it's back to slow, slow, slow again ... The included browser is so bad, I would only use it once to help download Opera MiniThe email application works, and is just better than nothing. If you get five emails a day, it would be fine. If you get a 100 emails a day, this is just not going to work for you. One example: you can only select or delete ONE email at a time.BEST FOR LAST!! THIS THING CRASHES A LOT! It crashes enough that you will not want to rely on it for typing long emails, etc. Like I said earlier, not a bad photo and movie viewer, as long as you convert them to one of the formats this supports.SummaryThe Archos sells for about $200. Save the money for something better, like an iPad ($500). Or, get an iPod touch. Heck, you could get a laptop on sale for $399 with Windows and get more functionality as well as a better game and movie experience. Of course, it wouldn't be as portable as the Archos 7, but it is more likely to work and be able to be adapted to what you want to do.For our part, this item is being used as a movie viewer and to play "connect the dots", but it would have been returned for credit if it was not received as part of the Vine reviews program.