The Apple's iPad 2 is a huge hit at our house. My wife got one and I was so jealous I insisted I needed one as well. The uses are almost limitless. Best of all it is great for creating documents (writing novels), surfing the web, listening to music, and playing Apple games. In fact I only have one complaint about the lack of compatability with the Adobe Flash Player. Because of this it keeps you from playing a great many games including those on Facebook and other sites. Additionally certain videos at some sites will only play with the Adobe Flash Player. I hope in the interest of customer needs this will change in the future. Otherwise I am very satisfied with the iPad 2. I even got a Rover App-Controlled Spy Tank with Night Vision to remotely control with the iPad so my wife and I can watch the house and cats remotely. That brings some peace of mind, not to mention the Rover is a blast to play with.You can purchase cases and accessories to attach your iPad to your cars headrest to allow others to watch movies while traveling. There are a plethora of accessories for the iPad 2 so you will have plenty to choose from for covers, cases, adaptors, keyboards, et cetera. There are numerous apps that you can download to make it great for work and/or play. The apps can be free or range up to about twenty dollars on average. Most those I got were free or around four to seven dollars. I use mine extinsively because I can carry it anywhere and I don't have to sit at a desk to work on projects or listen to music and play games. If you're a highly mobile person this is a must have tool/toy.I imagine most students want one to make their homework easier to work on at school or home. Because of the decent drive space and WiFi you can almost do anything that you could do on a full size workstation whether you use a PC or Mac. Since you can even buy cases with keyboards it can easily replace a laptop for a lot less money and portability. Small enough to carry in a daily planner or purse it wins hands down in portability. Since you can now back files up on the web and use webmail it alleviates the headaches of more complex and costly workstation choices. You will still require a workstation to interface with for printing, transferring some files, USB transfers, and certain other functions. But at least when you need portability you will have it.Addendum: Although I am slightly disappointed that the iPad 3 came out on the heals of my purchase, I can't complain really as mine was purchased more for functionality than graphics.  One reader asked me if the WiFi was an issue to set up.  I didn't have any trouble with it.  In fact it's far easier than setting it up on a PC.  Once you set it up it automatically goes out and looks for a connection and will ask you which server to connect.  The beauty of it is if you decide you don't want to pay a monthly fee is you can just disable it until you want to use that feature again.  Now that the price has dropped on them, unless you need high resolution for movies or graphics, I recommend you seriously consider the iPad 2.CA Luster