Ok.  So I've seen all of the reviews that were talking bad about the Kindle Fire and it made me a little worried.  I am getting one for Christmas and didn't know what to expect.  So I got an idea.  I borrowed my friends for one day and I have to say those who give the Kindle Fire a bad rating, probably don't even try to learn how to use it.  The device IS AWESOME!DELETING HISTORY-You most certainly canPeople talk about issues that there is no way to delete history and keep what you do private.  Thats either a lie or someone just didn't know what to do.  There are two simple ways to delete the history.  There is one way in the history that pops up at the bottom of the screen when you hit the options arrow while looking at a web page.  You can delete websites one by one, or you can clear the history.  Also, when you first hit the "WEB" button to go surf the web, it my show some of your favorite sites you've looked at first.  If you don't want them there, just simple touch and hold your finger on them until it gives the the option to delete it.  The other way is you can go into the settings and clear the history, clear the cache, and the cookies too.  The setting button can be found beside the battery icon, just tap it and options will open up.  If you don't see the battery or settings icon, you need to tap the bottom of the screen to get the arrow to appear.  Then they will appear too.  This is what you would have to do if you're playing a game or watching a video.LOCKING OR PASSWORD PROTECTING DEVICE-You most certainly canIn the settings you CAN go into the security features and turn on the lock password.  Once you turn it on it lets you type in the password of your choice.  So there is no worry of having someone getting your Kindle Fire and going through your stuff.THE POWER BUTTONI've seen complaints about the location of the power button, which is always the lock button.  Just like the iPod touch, you tap the button to lock, or hold it in to power on and power off.  When you are powering off, it just doesn't turn off like some people have said.  The device asks you if you would like to shut down.  Just simply hit cancel if you don't want to shut it down.  The power button is not a problem at all.  Its so small I don't know how people hit it by accident, but big deal if you do hit it.  Just hit cancel when it asks you if you want to shut it down.THE TOUCH SENSITIVITYI think the touch is just as good as apples products.  In using my friends Kindle Fire I noticed it was exactly like my iPod Touch.  I've read some comments that you have to have skinny fingers to use the device and that you're doomed if you have fat fingers.  I have very fat fingers and it worked great for me.  With the pinch-to-zoom technoloy, I made sure the webpage was totally zoomed out to make the text as small as possible.  It never once opened something inaccurately.  Everything I touched, it was right on the dot.  So don't let people scare you about having fat fingers.  I was very impressed with it.LOADING SPEEDWhen opening up videos on webpages, on Amazon Prime video on demand, and on sites like youtube, the buffering rate was very impressive.  The speed of the videos were super fast.  The speed of loading websites was very fast too.  There is nothing slow about this device.One big hint I'm throwing out there that I think all the people that had bad reviews for this product should know, is that there is a little settings icon up in the top right hand corner of the screen beside the battery icon.  If you tap it, every option you can think of to customize your Kindle Fire is there at your finger tips.  From Amazon user accounts to add with passwords, to security features, to volume, to web options and history.  Everything everyone said this product wouldn't do, couldn't do, is there.The Kindle Fire is a great product.  I'll definitely be a satisfied customer when I get mine for Christmas.  Anyone who wants one or is thinking about it, I think you should try it out.  It truly is a fun little device.  From the newsstand, to books, movies, tv shows, music, games, and all the apps, it truly has everything.  Except for a camera.  But I'm not worried about a camera on it, I have a digital camera.  No big deal.