1. Touch Screen ***This is a touch screen ONLY device, the only hardware button is the power button. The touchscreen does however have good response for a restive (sp) screen. It is perfect for page turnswipes and taps. Initial configuration is a little finicky though, it took two tries to get calibrated.2. Storage ****Ok, so this is an 8gb device, but you can only read ebooks off of Android sd card, which makes no sense to me. However sd cards are dirt cheap nowadays, so that was not a huge problem. Not to mention that the 8gb can be used to store mp3s to listen to while reading...3. Battery Life ***** (outstanding!)(Wifi On and searching, but not connecting) The archos website touts 7 hours video and 44 hours music, I get about 6 hours video, but only 15 hours while just reading, so nowhere near eink, but a lot better than most other color screen devices. On the downside, the unit will NOT charge via usb, you must use the included multinational charger. Charge time is just over one hour.(Wifi on and connected)  When the wifi is connected to my home network, this device gets about 30 hours battery life for ereading - still about the same 6 hours for video though; I have not tested this device with wifi turned off yet.4. E-reader ****The device comes preinstalled wit Alkido which is an excellent ereader, though figuring out how to transfer. ebooks. may take a little getting used to. There ae great brightness settingsas well as nighttime color schemes for easy reading weather in bed or outside.5. Video & Music ***** (outstanding!)This is really where archose shines, The multimedia functions of this device are outstanding -- not to mention as i stated before, 6 hours of battery life for video - this is perfect for a plane ride, or even to catch up on newsclips on the commute (metro ride!) to work.  The speakers are excellent for being such a small device, very nice, crisp and loud - at least for video, slightly better quality than many laptops i have used.  For music I would reccomend headphones.6. Operating System **This device uses android 1.5 - and not the full version, the app store is not included, though a bastardized version run by archose is, what this means is that 90% of android apps will NOT install automatically, including Opera and Skyfire.  There are a few websites around that offer alternatives to android market of which about 75% of the apps that i have tried on the alternative sites will work.  Even in the archose supported Apps Lib, there are still some (mostly games) that will not run correctly on this device.  There are some major memory issues with the operating system - it is ESSENTIAL that some sort of memory management app is installed such as "kill" which will allow running apps to be stopped on the fly as there is no native way to end a program that is running.  There are also some programs that will store (temporary?) data in the app space of the archos which is only about 20 megs to begin with, such as the app "funny joke" (installable from apps lib) which after a while will have built up a 6+ megs cache which makes the unit incredably slow (the ereader will crash due to not enough memory at this point) untill the user enters the settings screen and deletes the cache for the funny jokes app - which can be a pain, especially when the device is already slow...7. Design ***While this device seems to be designed fairly well, there are two large flaws -- 1.) this unit CANNOT be charged via USB, you MUST use the included wall adapter, and 2.) the headphone jack and the power adapter plug are the same size - i shorted out the headphone jack the day i received the device by plugging the power into the unmarked headphone jack by mistake.  It would not have been difficult to include a different sized power jack...8. Durability **After 1 month of using the Archos, it will occasionally die and need to be reset (there is a reset button on the back if you have a pin or needle), not a huge problem, just more annoying than anything else, this seems to happen when the screen will automatically turn off sometimes when the feature is engaged - probably about 10% of the time the screen auto turns off.  The power switch will sometimes get activated without touching it, causing the Shutdown screen to display repeatedly untill the device is reset (happened 5 times to me now)Overall, I would rate this product 3 stars -- For a company that built such a good device, there are some fatal flaws that should have been resolved before release such as the shoddy engineering on the durability of the device as well as support for android 2.0 at the very least - if it would cost more money, I would have happily pad an extra $50-100 for a better product.To sum up -- this is a cheaply priced Devuce, if  you dont want to spend to much monney, this device is great, but you do get what you pay for!