I bought the Cruz R102 for $49 at Big Lots, a discount close out store, back in Jan 2012. It's only as of this weekend that I've had the patience to get the darn thing up to speed. Now that it's working (i.e., I've downloaded some books, surfed the web, accessed facebook, downloaded the Kobo and Amazon Kindle apps, and figured out that you need a stylus/toothpick to navigate the screen), I think it's OK.The thing that seems to frustrate most new users of this Cruz is that it is not responsive to finger touch. The Cruz R102 has resistive technology which means a stylus is the best way of using the touch screen. Had the manufacturer spent an extra fifty-five-cents to include a stylus on with the Cruz users would realize this. Instead we pulverize our fingertips and wonder why the screen doesn't work like every other touch screen we're now used to does. Once I learned that a stylus/toothpick provided the "good touch" that the unit required navigation was much easier.The next biggest problem for me was, seriously and I'm not embarrassed to say, finding the keyboard. Laugh if you want but the Cruz is not intuitive. This matter was solved by placing the stylus in any field that required entry. (In my mind, I expected the keyboard to reveal itself if its use was needed.)Downloading apps from CruzMarket was a no-brainer. Easy, peasy. Finding the apps once they were downloaded? Where the heck are you? Solution: select ASTRO, apparently the brains of the Android world, to find and install the the downloaded app.Connecting to WiFi was not problematic for me. The thing that might be an issue for some is that there seems to be a delayed response when you tap the screen to turn on WiFi. If you tap-a-tap-tap the process gets gummed up so patience is required; tap to Turn On Wifi then wait for a few moments.As I said, I bought the Cruz R102 in January 2012. Honestly, the only reason I still have it in July, seven months later, is because I couldn't locate the box to return it to the store. I had put the tablet aside and haven't touched it at all since February.I spent this weekend figuring out technology, including how to recover lost my vacation photos that I accidentally deleted (recuva, great free program--got back all 333 photos). I also spent time on line tracking down Cruz info and manuals from the manufacturer (Velocity) and user groups such as Slatedroid. And did I mention patience? Patience was certainly the most important factor.Yesterday and today I've surfed the web, downloaded books from Kobo and Amazon, shopped for apps, logged onto facebook and probably a few more things than I remember. The Cruz R102 doesn't play youtube videos but I've read there's a workaround. Maybe I'll look into it later. Internal storage is limited. But for a few bucks above fifty including taxes I think it's an OK deal. Patience is a virtue. Maybe my resolutions will reduce your need for patience.