I purchased the Velocity Micro Cruz T301 from a third party seller (not Amazon).  I have no complains for their customer service.  Velocity Micro as a company is a different story.  But first, the tablet itself.Out of the box, everything seemed set up for success.  The features were decent for the price, the tablet itself is nicely designed, a stand is included, the instruction manual was short but helpful, and the tablet came fully charged.  Unfortunately, the good design stopped there.First, the screen, while acceptable during initial testing, is clearly not the highest quality.  Text was fuzzy, more so than the 800x600 resolution would warrant.  Text was even fuzzier than on my wife's 3rd generation iPod touch. Since the T301 is sold as an eReader or Reading Tablet, text clarity is crucial, and the tablet fails on that count.Since the tablet has the Kindle for Android app "pre-installed" I expected that Kindle, of all the apps, would work fine.  I signed in and downloaded a few books out of my Archived Items.  I opened a book that I had been previously reading.  It crashed.  I opened another book.  It crashed.  A few other books.  One or two worked.  I thought perhaps an update would help.  I downloaded the latest version of the Kindle app from the Cruz Market.  That didn't help.  I tried restarting the tablet.  That didn't help.After perhaps an hour of constant crashes in the Kindle app, I decided to try some other eReader apps.  The Nook app wouldn't install.  The Kobo app installed but I didn't have sufficient time to test it.  I can understand some other eReader apps not working/installing properly, since the tablet only runs Android 2.0, but why doesn't the built-in Kindle app work?I decided to try the web browser.  I discovered that the screen, while capacitive, is nothing like an iPod Touch, or a basic Android phone.  Instead, you have to press firmly to scroll.  The web browser crashed.  The tablet even rebooted at one point while trying to use the browser.A few other basic apps are included, and those worked for the most part.  But I didn't buy the tablet to check email or update Twitter; I wanted to read my Kindle books.I decided it was time to call tech support.  I was at queue position 36.  Two hours and fifteen minutes later, I was finally at queue position 2.  When I got through and the phone started ringing, I discovered my two hours of waiting had landed me in...you guessed it...a voicemail box.  No apology, no "sorry to keep you waiting for two hours when you could have left a message after 5 minutes."  I left a message, expecting a call back the next day.  No call by noon, so I called back.  Once again, queue position 25.  I called sales.  They were also busy.  I called PR and got in touch with a friendly but unempowered individual who promised to have support call me back "as soon as possible."  Midnight Thursday night, and still no call.  Repeated attempts to reach tech support earlier on Thursday landed me in the queue at positions 26, 18, and 15.Perhaps I received a defective device, but due to my inability to reach tech support, or even sales, or even get a human being to answer my calls, and due to the constant crashes and loss of functionality, I cannot recommend this tablet.For what it's worth, the T103 Cruz Tablet I played with at Borders before buying the T301 had similar crashes, but I had hoped it was only their much-abused display model that had issues.  Now I suspect it is the cheap parts and poorly configured software on the Velocity Micro tablets/ereaders that is at fault.Don't buy the T301.  Save your money for another tablet, like an iPad or Nook Color, or else just buy a Kindle.  Having used all three of those devices previously, they are leaps and bounds ahead of Velocity Micro's offerings.