So after I spent a couple of days exploring my new Viewsonic G tablet, I felt like I had to write a review and let everybody know how cool this device is:I did my homework and researched the G tablet thoroughly before I decided to buy one.  I read tons of reviews on various websites before I finally decided to go for it (over an iPad) for the following reasons:1. Price!2. Super fast Hardware (Tegra2 processor)3. USB Port4. SD card slot for additional storage5. No need for a sync software!6. Access to the file system7. Customizable desktop (live wallpaper, widgets, icons..etc)8. The availability of custom firmwares (XDA-developers)Note: I ended up NOT installing a custom firmware, I am pretty happy with the latest update from Viewsonic, which is a must have!!The tablet was a horrible experience out of the box.  No matter what I did, everything seemed to just crash!!  Then I got the Update notification as soon as I connected my G Tablet to my home WiFi.  After the download was done, the update installed and the device rebooted. I finally went through the setup process (create a new profile..etc) and Voila.  Let me tell you, The update is pretty damn stable and seems to boost performance significantly.The latest update from Viewsonic lets you choose between the crappy TapNTap interface and the standard Android 2.2 interface.Flash: I got Flash working by simply downloading a Flash .apk (Android application) available on Viewsonic's website. YouTube never looked better!!USB: I tested the USB port by connecting a thumb drive.  The drive was recognized without problems.  Got a decent data transfer rate (~3 Mbps).  I also connected a physical USB keyboard. The G Tablet recognized it almost immediately.SD card slot: I also tested the SD card slot with a 4 GB SD card. no problems there! I love copying media files over to my G Tablet by simply dragging them from my PC and dropping them on my G Tablet!! Good Bye iTunes!!Bluetooth: I was able to pair my G Tablet with my Bluetooth headphones.  Also, I was able to get Google Maps to connect to an old Bluetooth GPS receiver I had purchased a couple of years ago (you will need an app called BlueGPS for this).WiFi: Connected to my home WiFi without issues.Webcam: The built-in webcam is good enough, may not be the best but it's good enough for me (1.3 MP).Screen: The touch screen is pretty responsive.  Yes it does get fingerprints but that's the case with my iPhone too!! The viewing angles aren't the best on this device.  They aren't as bad as other reviewers had described though. it only gets bad when you tilt the tablet away from you in landscape mode.  I found a cool way to get a better viewing angle: turn the tablet up-side-down!! the desktop will not rotate though but apps will.Media: Tested a few videos with different formats.  The tablet couldn't play a VOB.  AVI's and mpeg's played fine.  Performance is amazing thanks to the Tegra2 processor. My favorite music library stored on the SD card got recognized just fine and imported into the device's music library.Web browser: unmatched browsing experience with the stock browser. Pinching and double tapping work great for zooming in/out. I can't stress enough how easy the virtual keyboard is to use! And it has spelling suggestions too!Apps: Out of the Box, the G Tablet doesn't support the Android market but it does offer an alternative which is Handango. I was able to find almost every app I wanted and for free: Google Maps, Pandora, file browser, weather channel,  Skype...etc.  To install the app, simply download the .apk to your G tablet and execute it.Mail:  I was able to setup my Hotmail account in less than a minute. The Contacts app lets you import all your Gmail contacts to your G Tablet.  If you have a Hotmail account you can simply create a Gmail account, import you Hotmail contacts to Gmail (web) then import from Gmail to your G Tablet.Battery: battery life is Excellent. I browse the Net while listening to Pandora radio (yes, multitasking!!! ) for hours.In summary, I love my new G tablet.  I highly recommend it.  Wait until you have installed the latest update from Viewsonic before judging it!Thank you Amazon for such an awesome product at such an awesome price! Got mine for $359.99 :)Note: I have been updating this review as I come across new features.***Update 06/15/2011***I have flashed my G Tablet with a custom ROM: Vegan Gingerbread (Google it).  The reason for this is to have full access to Android market.  Note that the stock firmware works just fine so you don't really need to flash a custom ROM if you don't want to.Also, I thought I'd share that there are currently at least two Honeycomb ROM's being developed by the XDA folks.  They're still in alpha but fairly stable.