If you still on the fence on what tablet to purchase, play it safe and buy an Ipad 2.  The experience is much more enjoyable over all.  This is a non-biased review, I own a Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 as well (I may even be more of a fanboy toward Samsung, owning a 3d Blu ray player, 3D Led and LCD tv).  In my opinion, what makes the Ipad better than any of the Android tablets is the apps.  Apples app store has more apps than the Android market has to offer.  The Apple app store is also better looking and more organized (Android is getting better though).  Everything is clearly labeled for what device ie Ipad or Iphone/Itouch.  On the Android market its hard to tell whats what.  I have downloaded many apps that are intended for a phone.  I downloaded Guitar Hero 5 from the Android market and playing it was unbearable due to the tiny screen size, there was no option to enlarge the screen (Android needs to do a software update for this asap).  If you have a favorite Itouch game that you wanted to play on a bigger screen you can with the Ipad, you can increase the screen size).  In my opinion developers of apps are clearly making them first on Ipad.  For example, Netflix, Face Book, Onlive, and Boxee.  I would love to have a offical Face Book app for my Galaxy Tab. There is a Face Book app for Android but its ment for a phone and looks terrible on a tablet.  Why does it take so long for android to get them?  Even similar apps for both apple and android look better on Ipad, words with friends and Amazon Shopping app for starters!  Amazon you NEED to give Android the same app you gave Apple!  The one on my GT sucks.  Apple even has more demos of games...there usually called something like lite or free.  Apple has airplay which is cool if you own a AppleTV, I can play Angry Birds on my Samsung 3D LED 55 inch TV!  Yes Samsung has AllShare (Samsungs version of AirPlay) but for some stupid reason the Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 doesnt have that app!  Why in the world does the first generation have it but the new one doesnt?  You cant even download it off the Samsung App store, maybe its coming w/Ice Cream Sandwich??  Heres basically my pros and cons for the Ipad:ProsEasy to useTons of Apps and better looking onesAirplayWay more accessaries and Cases (Im still waiting for a OtterBox case for my GT)ConsNo flashVery controlled device and you cant customize it like AndroidHeres a couple of things that I like better on the Galaxy tab.  On paper the GTs specs are better than Ipad 2.  You can customize it just about any way you want...but you need to be a lil tech savy.  Just about every game on Android is free and and they are full games (with ads)  Everyday Amazon gives you a free app!There is more than one market place to shop from (Android Market, Amazon, Samsung etc.)  Youtube looks cooler on Android...love the 3d honey comb looks!