After a few weeks of playing with and trying to make my iPad2 functional and integrate it into my life etc. it suddenly dawned on me that so much of what I was struggling to do ... was to make my iPad into a... notebook computer... that does the things that the Mac OS already does so well!One of the first things I did was ... BUY A Keyboard! Mac Bluetooth.Then it was the infatuation with "apps!" " GOLLY look at this! It allows me to print a document!!"  And other absurdities like that.You know? The stuff that we all have been doing well now for 10 plus years, with the buggy nightmares of the 90s, that used to make one pull hair out in Windows' frustration, now thankfully long suppressed... .I used to refer to Mac devotees as "Mac Bigots!"But after dealing with Windows security issues, and instability through every Windows generation... I finally took the plunge with a Powerbook and never looked back. If I became less than a "Mac Bigot," still I learned to love Apple's integration,  stability, sleek looks and creative tides... that happily washed over Apple's countrymen and America as a whole, like that great wave from the first iPhone.But, this is an iPad review and although I don't desire to denigrate this generally great piece of technology or even review it seriously, I  do want to you to seriously consider a Macbook Air before the iPad.Weight is a great part of the allure of the lightweight iPad...but... the new Macbook Air is only about twice as heavy and since it may be likely that the first thing you may buy is a Bluetooth keyboard... that may not be a deciding issue...because if you wish for your, oh so cool... purchase to actually be a functional input device of text... and you took touch-typing in high school... the plunking at an iPhone or iPad's screen... with one's THUMBS... or the dull end of your fingers... becomes a tedious devolution of functionality.And this is the real core of my criticism of PADS in general. They are at this point clever receivers of information but clunky input...ers. One looks for app after app to do the simplest things...  and then we say... "golly isn't that cool,  I can actually highlight text!"And guess what? That highlighting of text usually takes a few tries to get the text that you actually need to select with "TAPS" selected...to 'mark-up' a doc properly... and some compromise is usually entailed and could have been far more exactly... achieved with a mouse 30 seconds ago.Look ... do I like my iPad?Yes!And I did  order a stylus for 27 bucks and it has not come yet so I can't comment upon that helpful addition as a partial solution for... the iPad's entry flaws... .  But realize... when one peals away the COOL... and gets to the functional daily needs of email ... and entry of certain data... you will spend a good deal of your iPad time... which after all... is life time... learning to get around.. the touch screen and the operating system"s... limitations.Now ... it is true that if one has say...an iMac which I Highly recommend ... that the real question is: how much...do you actually  need to input at the coffee shop or as a quick reference in the car or as a very light travel basic communication computing device? If the answer is "not really that much..." or if putting up with the iPad's limitations for real text entry is OK on occasion... and the added weight of a keyboard is only needed part time... then it has indeed a LOT of very cool qualities and... apps too... that we actually do find we desired and... didn't even know it!!Are even... useful and yes... fun,  a LOT of fun.If you work seriously on the road... an iPad is not for you... at this time in its development... if you need a very cool slick device that is indeed just about the perfect weight and size for extreme portability happiness... and mainly want it for consumption, of information... then the iPad is wonderful.The iPad is a very creative and evolving technology. The "Cloud" Apple's and say Dropbox... are bringing all of these devices together and we all are literally with our use... defining their place and potential and the APP ecosystem is indeed VITAL... .That participation in change... is in itself fun to watch and to take part in... lets face it... our participation in that creative process by supporting what works is... a central part of an iPad's attractions... nothing wrong with that! That is the old America, remember her?Creativity  is sadly... so purposefully dimmed for political outcomes... in our dear country...that any tree of creative life left...is worth supporting even one without a real keyboard... .