This is an amazingly addictive device. However, it neither brings the same level of unprecedented convenience to end-users as the iPhone, nor does it feel like a credible replacement for the traditional laptop. And yes, it is over-priced.PLUSES+ Display is bright and sharp. A joy to behold.+ Compared with a traditional laptop, it is and feels quite lightweight, and therefore convenient to carry.+ Flash memory means that it wakes up in a matter of seconds. Laptops take longer to wake up from their "sleep" mode, and a lot, lot longer from a cold boot.+ Safari mobile browser is almost as capable as your typical desktop browser - IE, Firefox...+ There is an app for almost everything you need, want, wish for, think about, don't care about, and wished you didn't know.+ Video playback (have not tried full HD so far) is smooth and without any jerkiness.+ Audio quality is very good, even without the headphones.+ Managing your wi-fi networks and VPN configurations is very straightforward.+ Downloading and installing apps from iTunes is simple. Nothing to it really. You click to install and the app downloads and installs. No mucking around with install folders, specifying your JRE folder, or such things that we have grown to become accustomed to.+ iOS4.2 will bring multi-tasking to the iPad, so that's another huge plus waiting in the wings.+ The touch keyboard is large enough to enable almost full-speed touch typing. No more pecking awkwardly with your fingers.+ The more powerful processor means that it performs perceptibly better than the iPhone 4 on similar tasks.NEGATIVES- Light though it is, it is still inconvenient to use it for extended periods of time in your hands. You will need to place it on a surface at some point.- The lack of an in-built stand means you will have a terrible time viewing the screen in a brightly lit room. You will need to buy a third-party accessory.- The iTunes software is a frustration-laden nightmare to use. Version 10 does nothing to improve matters. If you have multiple Apple devices, managing them effectively with iTunes is next to impossible. Knowing which apps are syYou never know when a right-click is available, where it is not, when to use drag-and-drop, and when to use the menu. Needless to say, it is the weakest link in this chain.- The lack of a right-click gesture.- The lack of tooltips and the equivalent of mouse-hovers. You get so used to hovering your mouse over a link or text or image and seeing more information about that markup that you sorely miss it on the iPad. Especially when browsing. You sometimes feel like you are taking a step in the darkness when you click on a link that you don't know what it is going to lead to.- The automatic content orientation from portrait to landscape does not work quite as well or as expected. If you place your iPad on a flat surface and then rotate it by 90 degrees, the iPad, most of the time, does not automatically change the orientation of the content. You have to pick up the tablet and hold it at a slightly tilted angle, of say 30 degrees or more, for the content to reorient itself. Minor quibble.- You need to connect the iPad into a wall outlet to charge it. Evidently you cannot charge the iPad by connecting the USB cable into your laptop.- The closed, walled world of the iPad. No Flash, no Java. Yes, you can use your browser for most things, but if you want to use apps, then the iTunes stores it is. Yes, the store provides some assurance of safety and protection from malware, but this closed worldview is a regressive one, and reminds one of Microsoft's attempts in the 1990s to wall off its Windows users from the internet. Microsoft failed then. Apple could well fail now.- Price. The iPad, even at its cheapest, at $499, feels overpriced. You can get full-featured laptops for that price, with more RAM, more hard disk, a bigger screen, a physical keyboard, USB ports to plug in external devices into, no limitations on Flash or Java, your choice of software to install, and more...The FutureConsider this. A laptop with Flash memory and without optical drives, if well designed, could weigh just as much as an iPad. Innovate a bit more and provide a sliding keyboard so that you can use a physical keyboard when you want to, and which also allows you to place your laptop on a flat surface with the screen tilted, and you have an iPad competitor.What Apple has managed to do is bring an unprecedented level of architectural integration competence and a very viable third-party commercial ecosystem to the world of its devices, in the form of the iTunes App Store. This, more than anything else, will prove to be a formidable barrier to competition. Till that happens, Apple's iPad (and iPhone and iPod) will continue to enjoy super-economic profits.