First of all, I love this device! And just so you know, I was a software engineer in my previous career and now teach an engineering curriculum in high school, so believe me, when kids are wowed by your technology then you know it's good stuff. A few months ago I foolishly bought a Chinese knock-off Android tablet and I hated it; it was the classic case of "you get what you pay for." The Cruz T301 is definitely NOT a knock-off. The screen is gorgeous and extremely responsive, the Kindle app works just fine with all my eBooks, and there are plenty of the apps that I need in the Amazon store. Take note, I said "apps that I need." No, the Cruz does not have access to the Android Marketplace but let's be honest, there's a lot of junk apps in the full marketplace and I don't need 99.999% of them.For those that are either having troubles with their Cruz or are hesitant due to some of the negative reviews, I should tell you that the Cruz is not great out of the box. There are some things you need to do in order to get the maximum performance out of it. None of these things will void the warranty (like rooting it) or take a great deal of expertise.1. Read the complete user guide BEFORE opening the box. The manual included with the Cruz is laughable at best.2. UPGRADE TO ANDROID 2.2! I am shouting that one because it is the first thing you should do with it out of the box! (After giving it a full charge anyway) The upgrade is easy to do, takes about no more than 15 minutes, and there are simple step-by-step instructions on the manufacturer's web site. Believe me you will see a great deal of improvement in performance if you upgrade it. Plus upgrading it to 2.2 is just the right thing to do. No one should be running 2.0.3. Download and install the SkyFire web browser. The browser is not available in either the Cruz Market or the Amazon Marketplace (as far as I can tell) so what I had to do is find the install file online, download it to my laptop, copy it to the Cruz's SD card, and then install it from there. This browser has workarounds for lack of Adobe Flash support and loads full web pages (instead of mobile versions of web sites) at acceptable speeds.4. Spend the $9.95 to upgrade to OfficeSuite Pro. I've had pretty good experiences with not only browsing MS Office documents (both old format and 2007) but editing and even composing them as well.5. Install a screen shield/protector. Not only will it reduce (if not eliminate) scratches on the surface, it reduces the glare and improves the touch response, especially when dragging items. Actually every tablet owner should do this, it just makes sense. If you don't want to do it yourself, find a Zagg store at a nearby mall and have them install one.6. Repeat to yourself: THIS IS NOT AN IPAD! You paid less than half the price of an iPad and you're getting almost all of the capability. If you want an iPad, save more money, wait a while longer and buy one. It only has 256 MB of RAM so don't go crazy opening 20 apps at once. Some apps will stay in system memory even after you close them out, so use ASTRO (the Cruz's file manager) to kill any unwanted apps to free memory.Again, I'm a techie so I think I have a sense of what's good and what's not. For the past year I've been Jones-ing for either a Kindle, and iPad, or both. Now I don't want either one because my Cruz has made me extremely happy, once I did the steps I listed above. And I hope I've persuaded those of you on the fence to go ahead and buy the Cruz 301, I think it's a steal at for the $160-$200 price range.