Typing this on my Acer Iconia W500 using Explorer 10 (Windows 8) while relaxing at Panera. ;)I didn't purchase this at Amazon - got a slightly better price elsewhere at the time - but I wanted to do a write-up on it. I bought this to test the Windows 8 Developer's Preview. It's less than 1/2 the price of the machine Microsoft handed out at their Build conference but is quite competent running Windows 8. There are a number of YouTube videos of this and Microsoft is using an Iconia W500 as a test unit in their labs (and other machines as well).For the price, the unit is well equipped. I did see an Asus last night at Best Buy in a similar layout that I might have considered had I known it was out; however, I have no regrets. If nothing else, the Acer looks better.My unit arrived with a slight cosmetic problem. The Pause/Break key sits at an angle. But it works so it's not worth returning or really worrying about. The detachable keyboard works well enough. My only complaint is I use the arrow keys a lot and they aren't placed in the greatest position but you'll have to take you hands off the keyboard for them even on a full-size keyboard so not a big deal. There's an eraser-head style mouse in the middle of the keyboard. I tend to like these and it works very well on the Acer and is easy to control.I like the fact it comes with 2 gigs of RAM versus 1 gig in a typical netbook. Performance running applications is generally snappy. I have found doing disk intensive work (e.g., setting up disk compression) is slow; however, that hasn't affected day to day usability.It comes with Windows 7 Home Premium installed. Once I upgraded to Explorer 9 the Internet smoked on the Iconia. Using Windows 7 on it with the keyboard is just like using one of the better netbooks. As a tablet, using Windows 7 is a matter of personal taste. I don't think it's nearly as bad as lots of people make out. Sure, the buttons are tiny but I hate to be the messenger but cruising the web on any tablet is a mixed experience because so many web sites aren't finger friendly.The Iconia runs Windows 8 very smoothly. There are a couple of caveats like you can't open programs side-by-side but that's due to Microsoft restrictions on screen resolution. The Iconia ships with Windows 7 on disk so I can roll back to Windows 7 at any point. However, I'd need to buy a $30 or so USB DVD drive to use it per their web site's recovery instructions.CNet's review made a huge deal over attaching the screen to the keyboard and closing the screen with the keyboard. Closing the unit it up for carrying is trivial. I don't know what the reviewer's problem is. I do have a complaint that Acer is using a cheap plastic hook to lock the keyboard to the screen. A metal once couldn't have cost them but a few pennies more. Attaching the screen to the keyboard to use the unit takes a little bit of effort but there are guide posts so you line it up right. The effort is similar to plugging in any USB device into a socket. Detaching it is similar but requires a bit more effort.If you want a flexible unit capable of being a netbook or tablet and likely being future proofed to run Windows 8 this is viable choice. By netbook standards it isn't cheap but I consider the Iconia to be a bargain.