I have had this tablet for several months now.  I am a novice and have not tried all of the sophisticated operations on it but I have the European unlocked 7" tab and I love it.  I shopped for months and returned several devices before I purchased this one at Amazon.com.  It is exactly as advertised.  I especially wanted the voice phone capability.  I am amused at the  savvy YOUNG techies who are shocked that their domestic tab has no phone capability.  I learned early on that the PHONE COMPANIES disabled the phone cability on the US versions.  By the way I am 78-1/2 years old. I purchased a European version with warranty in order to have a phone.  All that was necessary to activate the phone was to transfer my old sim card from my old contract flip phone to the sim slot on the tab and I was up and running. Because I am old and a novice I went to the t-mobile store and the young clerk there did that for me.  I am now prepaid so I added $100 which gave me 1000 minutes with t-mobile which includes text messages but no data.  It also has an expansion sd slot which I have not used yet.  I have used the camera and it is fabulous.  It has wi-fi capability and I can purchase data access from t-mobile at a daily rate of $1.49 for any day I find myself without a hot spot. So far this has not been necessary.  I have free mobile wi-fi access from my home computer internet provider's hotspots (AT&T;) and those that appear to be available for free at many locations around town including airports.  I have a data transfer cable which I have used to transfer photos from my computer to my tab.  I am old so I don't recall now whether I purchased that separately or it came with the tab.  I also purchased a blue tooth head set, otherwise my phone is automatically a speaker phone.  I also purchased a bluetooth keyboard cover which has nice large keys. These devices all work perfectly with my tab. I have purchased a lot of accessories such as a gorrilla screen protector and car charger.  In summary this tablet is perfect.  I have not found any downside yet and I have downloaded many apps such as banking, e-reader and others and they work just fine.  I don't play a lot of games so I don't know how it will perform with all of the latest games.  The screen resolution is awesome.  It fits in my purse. I can't say enough.  Samsung and Google (mother of Android) Thank you!!UPDATE - I am now 80 yrs old and still having a romance with my same Galaxy tab.  I have switched to a T-Mobile data plan so I dont have to rely on wifi. Hot spots are not everywhere. For $50 bucks a month I now have unlimited  voice, text and data on my phone.  I use the camera often and it is awesome.  I have had no service issues since I bought the tab. I still use the Kindle app to read books flawlessly.  I added an additional sd card to expand my storage. I exchange photos with the kids, grand kids and others all the time. I have also added more apps which all perform well.  I am still a rabid fan of this device. I also use a desktop computer at home so I am accustomed to speed and find no fault with the speed of my Galaxy Tab.  it is now 2 years old and still going strong.