I have to start off by saying that this is the first tablet I have ever owned.  I have played with many tablets at the store and with friends, but this is the first one I ever bought and owned.In my opinion, this is the best tablet for the price.  It comes equipped with Android 3.2 Honeycomb, and it is a joy to use.The screen is responsive and clear, and I love typing on it.I would advice getting a case or something to prop it up a bit, it makes typing much more enjoyable.The battery life is good, lasting anywhere from 5 to 8 hours of continual use, maybe more if wifi is turned off.It has 8GB of memory built in, with up to 32GB via a micro SD card.This is more than fast enough for my needs, which are internet browsing, streaming movies, Youtube, some online shopping, etc...I am not a real techy person, and probably don't use 90% of what this tablet can do, but for me it is perfect.Now, for some of the negative reviews you may have heard.  Yes, the company that makes this tablet is rather shady in my opinion.  They don't seem to follow through with their promises, however there is some light at the end of the tunnel.I was able to join a very useful forum at [...]There are some great people over there who are dedicated to making the most out of this tablet, and it's predecessor, the TC970.As of today, the company has not released Android 4.0 ICS for this device, like they said they would.  They have also not released any of the information necessary for private developers to do what they do to make custom versions of ICS for this device.  However, through that forum that I mentioned, there seems to be some headway being made, it is starting to look like the company is going to be releasing ICS any day now.In my opinion, ICS is not that much of an improvement over Honeycomb, but the point is that the company made it seem like this device would be easily up-gradable to ICS, and it is easily up-gradable, but they have to release the OS for us to upgrade to.There also seem to be some issues with people not having HDMI output available, and a lack of accessories for this device, but all in all, I have not been bothered by those things.There are some people who have wifi issues with this device, I am not one of them.  My device has worked flawlessly everywhere I have tried to get a wifi signal.There are some issues with this device and the Youtube app buffering constantly.  This was taken care of for me by updating the flashplayer, and by getting a wireless-n router.  This device seems to like that router better, it was a cheap $30 router that I got.  I will say that it makes sense for the youtube app to need a lot of bandwith to function properly.  The resolution for HD videos on this device rivals my desktop screen.This review is for those people who are simply looking for a tablet to use to browse the internet, watch some movies, and play some games.The Google Play market is awesome, tons of free apps, and some really great paid ones as well.  If you are an uber geek/techy person, this product will probably not be for you.  I can easily see someone like that getting frustrated that they can't have the latest and greatest OS right away.  For me, Honeycomb is polished and clean, and a joy to use.  So if ICS never comes out for this tablet it's not a big deal to me.I do think the people at the forum will eventually be able to get all the information they need to start making customer software for this device to help it perform even better, but even right out of the box it is great.