The first time I saw the iPad was when it was announced with much fanfare and I was instantly smitten.  I've never been an Apple person and have stayed away from their products like crazy, but this thing really stuck in my mind.  Once it was released I went to the Apple store and played with it, like so many other people, and I walked away still liking it.  I figured I would play with it and walk away thinking that it wasn't worth the money or didn't work the way I wanted it to.  I was wrong.  I found myself looking up reviews just about everyday seeing what other people thought about it and finally happened to be in a store when they had some in stock and I took the plunge.  Was I nervous?  Yes.  Was I afraid that it would just be a toy and that was it?  Yes.  Was I scared about the price?  Yes.  However, I typically feel that way before any large electronics purchase.What I have found in the month I've owned my iPad is that I carry it with me all over the house.  If I'm reading something on the internet and need to go in the other room....I take my iPad.  A lot of people have been bashing the iPad without every really using one and I can honestly say that it has changed how I consume entertainment.  It's not a replacement for a laptop or netbook, though it certainly could replace a lot of things that you use them for, but it is its own "thing".  When it really clicked for me was about a week ago.  It was a lazy Saturday afternoon and I was home by myself.  I was using the Netflix app to catch up on a show that I had missed a few episodes of and I started out watching it on the couch.  Soon I carried my iPad into the kitchen with me to make lunch.  Then went outside and sat on the deck.  I even took it into the bathroom with me....never having to stop watching the show.  The iPad haters out there would say that they could do the same thing with their laptop, but the iPad battery is so great that it gave me true freedom to move about the house without worrying about wires, batteries or anything else.  This is the true value of the iPad to me.  I can consume entertainment/information anywhere in the house instead of having to stay in one place.  Before I would either go to the office or sit on the couch to browse the internet with the laptop.  That way I had a power cord nearby.  With a 10 hour battery, I don't worry about that anymore.Now, will it replace my need for a laptop?  No.  There are things I still need to do that will require more storage or programs that cannot be done on the iPad.  However, I'm okay with that.  If you are someone that spends a lot of time on your computer looking up things on the internet or watching movies or just wasting time.  You will be amazed at the freedom you feel with the iPad.