This is a nice, cheap way to break into the eReader/tablet world for the first time. But, you simply can NOT compare this to an iPad because: 1) it is not an iPad, and 2) it is NOT even in the same catagory as an iPad.PROS:Reading books with the backlit screen is easy but it will have glare issue's outside.It will play movies/tv shows encoded from DVD.The sound(from headphones/earbuds) is pretty good.The 7" screen looks pretty good and has a good viewing size for books and movies.Comes with a stand and a nice little "soft pouch" to protect it.Supports SDHC cards up to 32gb with no problems (may have to let android do initial format of card 1st)Easy to ROOT and customize (ROM's)You CAN remove preinstalled programs using the official VM program for that but it's burried on their support page, search for it and you will find it.Battery life is pretty good when watching movies on it.CONS:Resistive screen is absolutely horrid w/o using a stylus. My kids Nintendo DS one works great!Screen has a slight off angle viewing issue when used sideways(landscape), it was made for upright(portrait) holding. Not a big deal but something to consider.Internal microSD 4gb memory is nice(open up and put a 16gb in no problem) but that is STORAGE only unless you use App2SD program(free online)Internal 256mb of RAM is not only for the OS but where programs are installed to. Space is very limited for programs w/o previous comment line.Removing the preinstalled programs(listed above) doesn't really give you much room at all, but with only 256mb of RAM, it may be worth it to you.MOVIES/TV SHOWS must be encoded with iPod(or a low quality setting) settings and at 24-25fps or less, or they will play very choppy and have 99% chance of audio/video sync issue's.Android 2.0, no access to official app store w/o ROOT'ing/ROM'ing.WIFI worked great for me but range is limited and can drop out for no reason.Built in spearkers are pointless, they are NOT good at all. My smaller iphone speakers blow these things away........A side note about movies/tv shows. They will play normal even if you encode at low frames per second(fps) so dont be confused by that. Even with a low quality(image) setting they will still look good, it's only a 7" screen with 800x600 rez, your not getting hi-def by any means. A standard DVD image on your average 32" TV screen will look quite nice on this screen when you basically "shrink" it down to play on the r101. MANY free programs online and most have presets like iPod/iPad/PS3/etc.....All in all, it is worth buying as long as you dont expect high performance and/or you are just getting into the tablet/ereader world. This is neither a dedicated Tablet or an eReader, it is a combination of both and it fails in either when compared to a dedicated item from those two "markets". Put it up against a Kindle/Nook and you will be dissapointed. Compare it to an iPad/Xoom/GalaxyTab/Thrive and you will cry!