*******01/28/2012 update*******I have been getting 10 to 11 hours out of mixed usage, wifi on for about three hours a day, some simple gaming and lots of reading (nook) and showing folks photos of my trip to Germany two weeks ago.Performance is very good, even though i am using balanced mode.  Wifi works pretty well when within 100 feet of the router.Universal acclaim about the qualityof the images.  I used a Kodak 10 megapixel digital camera on my Germany trip and the photos POP when looking at them.The weakest thing i see is not the hardwarebut the software available to theandroid universe but that will improveover time.  Take the plunge!**************I purchased this tablet elsewhere due to the excessive pricing on Amazon for this tablet.  I got it at MSRP of $499 + state Tax and Free shipping at an office supply vendor.  But I am an Amazon fan for most purchases.Appearance:  Very sleek design.  Thin but a good, solid feel to it. I have the gray brushed aluminum back and it is very attractive.  I had purchased and returned a TF101 and this back looks better.  Buttons in a good spot ergonomically for volume and power on/power off.  MicroSD card sticks out slightly when inserted but unless you press pretty hard, it is not going to pop out on you.Comfort:  This tablet is comfortable to hold in one hand, though when reading my ebooks, I seem to use two hands more unconsciously.  That is not a demerit on the tablet.Weight:  Not too heavy, more than my Nook but expected for the size.PerformanceWireless - Device came with Gingerbread and my Wi-Fi seemed to be a bit less effective than the wi-fi on my smartphone (HTC Thunderbolt).  Upgraded to Ice Cream last night and when using Wi-Fi at the same location today, it seemed to perform better.  no formal testing, just pulling up web pages and such as well as maintaining connectivity.Display:  Very crisp and clear.  Nice range in adjusting brightness.  Movie play back when watching MP4's is good.  Had issues playing WMV files though, even when downloading different apps to play (MOBO was one).  Very quick switching between photo's in the Gallery.  Note on the Gallery, a very good basic photo editor and viewer.  Full screen shots move quickly and the Transformer quickly brings the next shot up and in focus.  Easy to maneuver around in, even though I really don't do much with that type of software.  No issues with screen changing colors due to pressure on the corners like some have mentions.Battery Life:  Pending a good test of the battery but when I use the Wi-Fi and am in constant action, I get about five hours out of it. (estimated).  I will try various settings out and some of the battery saver Apps like I use for my cell phone to see how well I can extend that.  Literature says about 9.5 hours but I don't know the metrics behind that and I do use the wireless a lot in my initial couple of days with the device.Software suiteEmail:  Software works pretty well. Have 2 POP accounts and 3 IMAP accounts going and no issues with it.  Video Play won't play WMV files and I'm still searching for a player that will work with. I'd recommend downloading a more versatile player.Browser:  I like the stock browser better than the Firefox Mobile version I downloaded and then removed.  For what I use it for, it meets my needs.Photo Gallery:  works well in displaying photo's, slide shows and basic editing.Polaris Office:  have not used it yet. I'll hopefully have more information on the updated version.Unit is upgradeable to Ice Cream which took about 15 minutes of downloading and installing.  This included an updated Wi-Fi Driver if I remember correctly.Initial Conclusion:This is my first tablet.  I got it because while I love my HTC Thunderbolt, I really enjoy some screen size and I like android vs IOS.  I did not want to be limited to proprietary APP stores which is why I did not go with the cheaper seven inch models that were the rage over the Christmas shopping season.This is a QUAD core unit with excellent performance so far.  Plenty of storage and a MicroSD slot so no issues on capacity.  I have not experienced the issues with Wi-FI or GPS (did not get it for GPS so don't care about that)so I am satisfied thus far.  The T700 is coming out but other than supposed better wifi/gps performance and a slightly better webcam, I could not see a reason to wait three more months and spend another $100.00.  Pick a price point, do your homework on quality and pricing and pick a reputable dealer.  The weakest spot to me is the battery but again, I'm playing with it real hard and learning about the tweaks and recommended settings to maximize battery life.  A very satisfactory purchase so far.Good Luck.