I have had my Viewsonic G Tab for over 2 months now and I will say that I love it.  However this product is not great right out of the box. If you are looking to pull the Viewsonic G Tablet out of the box and have a great experience you are going to be severely disappointed ( I would rate it at 2-3 stars).  You have to have some technical savy and some motivation to want to modify the device to unlock its full potential.The bad things right out of the box -The viewing angles are terrible.  If you plan on trying to look at the screen from other than right in front at a 90 degree angle the picture gets really bad.Form factor is nothing special.  The tablet is not going to be the thinnest tablet around as it was one of the first Tablets using Tegra 2 platform.  If you hold it for an extended amoutn of time, it can become uncomfortable.  But nothing a stand or docking station can't fix.Software Interface is terrible.  It is slow and clunky out of the box.  The Interface that is laid over the android OS takes up quite a bit of the resources which leads to terrible performance by the tablet.  The nice thing is you dont have to use the stock interface.The Good things about this tabletPrice Point - At $280 you can not find a better tablet after you put a little bit of work into it.Hardware - This tablet is one of the first that was on the Tegra 2 dual core processor.  This processor provides plenty of power to run the different apps and widgets till your heart is content.  It has also been shown in benchmark scores to perform better than the iPad2 and Motorola Xoom with a custom ROM on it. Tegra 2 dual core processor, 512mb flash RAM, up to 32gig micro SD card support, capacitive touchscreen, micro usb + full usb ports, and a docking station port, and a 1.3mp (pretty bleh) front facing camera are what this tablet comes with.Modding - The greatest thing that android has is that it is open source.  This leads to different communities and devs donating their time to make products better as the source codes are open to them.  This tablet has a great community on the XDA Forums.  Developers have put in their hard work to come up with ways to root the phone as well as custom ROMs which make this tablet better than ever.  As of right now there are great Android 2.2 ROMs out that will blow the stock software out of the water.  There are also experimental ROM's for those that like to tinker and test new things.Accessories - If you look up Viewsonic G Tablet accessories you wont find many mainstream accessories for it as it isn't as popular as an iPad or Motorola Xoom, or Samsung Galaxy.  However the reference design leads to being able to find accessories under different names which work and fit perfectly for this device.  There is a docking station for the Malata Zpad that provides power, ethernet, usb, and hdmi ports to the tablet.  There are a handful of cases that also double as stands for the computer.  There are also different skins/screen protectors designed for the tablet.  One great place to look for the accessories is XDA Forums or [...]  IT Steve keeps a good stock of accessories at a reasonable price and is very fast shipping and reliable.  I have purchased 2 docking stations from from and 1 OEM charger from him without any problems what so ever.If you like to tinker, mod, and alter your device for better performance this tablet will be your cup of tea, especially for $280.  The XDA Forums provide great directions for modding and improving your device.  XDA also has very dedicated developers that donate their time and expertise to keep the tablet advancing forward in software and and performance.  Without the community this device would be rated about 2-3 stars as right out of the box it is subpar compared to other tablets.  But scrapping the software on the tablet and running a custom ui puts it at a 4-5 star rating.