I bought the Kindle to use to replace my phone as my primary news reader.  Below are my honest opinions, take them as you may.My first impression upon opening the box was marvelous.  The 7" tablet is as small as I hoped it would be but the weight seemed to be on the heavy side.  Given the specs and performance I attribute the weight to the battery.  Good thinking on Amazon's part, there is a 1/2" or so bezel all around the screen that can (will) be used for a grip.  The moment I turned it on I was pretty excited.  I am an android fanboy and knew what to expect but the Carousel launcher was shockingly underwhelming.  As you start loading media your kindle's launch screen will literally be polluted (60% of the screen is used) with the cover of every thing  (websites visited, album covers, magazines, books, etc.).  Your favorites are down below and you have to finger down to see them all.  This Kindle is mine but my wife and kids will be using it and for the sake of easier navigation I had to replace the Carousel.Once the interface was a bit more customizable as to minimize the family's learning curve we all were able to really enjoy using the Kindle.  I appreciate the thought that went into the media applications.The second absolutely essential app I downloaded was a file manager.  I know this is a Kindle review but most of these apps empower you to be able to access Windows shares, are available in the Amazon App Store and free.  After I loaded some media I found that I really really enjoy using the default MP3 application.  The interface is clean, easy to navigate quickly, the sound quality is outstanding and can run in the background (ie. browsing the web and listening to your collection).  There is no EQ and the sound volume is relatively low compared to my phone (not really a negative but noteworthy).I haven't bought a book or magazine so have no comment.  I have really intended my Kindle to be a tablet and to utilize apps.Pandora & XiiaLive are both able to play in the background.  YouTube open in the browser is not.  I have to keep the browser active on the YouTube tab otherwise playback ceases.  Multitasking has not been enabled on the Kindle.  Kind of strange right?  When you navigate away from the Silk browser, which is great by the way, it acts as if it was closed so whatever you were looking at, working on, submitting, etc. is gone.  This reason is why, for all the greatness of the Kindle, it is not a five star product.Video support is straight forwardly limited to MP4.  Kind of a bummer here but not a deal killer and not a reason, for me, to rate the Kindle lower than four stars.The Settings mini screen is easily accessed by pressing the gear in the top-right hand side of the screen.  WiFi has worked absolutely flawless.  Volume and Brightness are easily accessible here.  There is no hardware volume rocker and can only be controlled by software.Overall,ConsCarousel and no customizationNo multitasking (mainly negatively impacts the browser)Lack of video codec support (no multitasking so you still can't utilize the OS to select which program to use to open a video file)Amazon has the accessory market locked upProsYou can easily sideload appsYou can easily load a new launcher over CarouselYou can easily download your own media from a network shareThe included apps, especially AmazonMP3, are good (gallery seems quirky)Eventually the Kindle feels less like a Kindle and more like your Kindle.  I now see why the Kindle is a leader in the Android tablet market.