I bought this tablet through a Woot.com deal. It was a refurbished unit and had a very attractive price of only $285 including shipping. The tablet is spotless and performs very well. I wasn't sure about buying a refurbished unit but am happy I did since it was only $285. That's about half the price of a 16GB iPad and $100 less than buying a new Thrive.Besides the low price, another reason I was really drawn to this unit was the ports: full USB, HDMI, SD card. I love that I can hook it up to my HD TV HDMI and stream anything from the internet to my TV. I also LOVE the full SD slot. That's a really useful feature for me. I can take digital photos with my digital SLR and then pop the SD card directly into the Thrive and start browsing my photos instantly. That's a HUGE feature if you're traveling and want to view your pictures on a larger screen and not have to lug around a laptop.I've had it for about 2 weeks now and am really loving it. I've downloaded tons of apps and they all work well except for a CNN app that seems to crash sometimes when I open a video. No big deal though as I have plenty of other news source apps to choose from.One little glitch I found early on was in the File Manager app. If you are browsing photos on an SD card, you cannot swipe the screen to flip between photos. If you tap the photo, a little toolbar appears at the bottom with a "Play" (slideshow) button, forward and backward arrows to browse to the next or previous photos. None of this works unfortunately. I called Toshiba and spoke to a nice woman who admitted the bug and said it's easily remedied by using the Gallery or the Media Player app. Using Gallery is my preferred method. The swiping and animation it shows as it flips to the next photo works perfectly as well as the slideshow feature. The only thing I don't like about this is you can't adjust the timing between photos in slideshow. The File Manager app had a timing slider from 3 - 10 seconds, however that didn't work of course.I wish the storage management options had a setting for storing pictures/videos taken from the device camera to the SD card instead of the system storage. My Blackberry has this option and it helps save a lot of memory.Another little glitch is that videos taken with my digital camera can't be played through either the Toshiba Media Player or the other video app that are installed by default. I had to locate a third party video player app on the Android Market and that works well. Don't know why the Toshiba apps can't play a simple .avi video from my camera, seems like a pretty basic expectation.I just received a nice cover case that I ordered from Amazon Moko(TM) Leather Folio Cover Case with Multi-Angle Stand for Toshiba Thrive 10.1-inch Android Tablet (BLACK) and also ordered and put a green back on Toshiba Thrive Colored Back Cover for 10.1-Inch Tablet - Green Apple (PA3966U-1EAG) . Both are really nice and work well. Word of warning though regarding the Moko case, it is NOT leather, it's a fake plastic leather but still very nice. Don't know how they get away with advertising it is real leather. It fits the unit perfectly though and I really love the multi-angle feature. You can adjust it just about any angle, as the bottom of the case has a small velcro strip and the inside of the case is the soft "hooks", so you can easily adjust it to any angle that works best, this is fantastic. I've seen other cases that have only 1 or two angle settings.I'm really happy with this device other than the minor bugs I've mentioned above. Highly recommend this unit for anyone wanting a well functioning Android tablet at about half the price of an iPad.