Firstly I did not purchase my Thrive through Amazon but would have if I hadn't found a much lower local price at the last minute. I have had my 10.1" 32GB Thrive for a little over 2 months and cannot say enough good things about it.I read a previous comment that the persons Thrive was slow but that must be a rare Thrive as mine is fast fast fast! I also cannot say enough about the capabilities this awesome tablet gives you. With all it's ports etc. If you need more, you don't need this tablet, you need a clunky laptop!Another feature with this tablet seldom mentioned or even known about is the fact that you can also buy a USB Ethernet adaptor and hookup this tablet to the internet when there is no WIFI available. Several adaptors are available that work don't require a driver, so it's as simple as plugging in the USB adaptor and plugging the cable into the adaptor. Try doing that with an iPad!If you feel you can't live without a real keyboard or mouse, they also work on this tablet, just plug in the USB or use Bluetooth. I thought I would want to use a keyboard but after a few minutes on the qwerty keypad, I knew I didn't need or want an external keyboard! This tablet just does it all!I found that I liked using a "stylus" pen, I didn't think I would but it became easy and natural to use. The reason I started with a stylus is because it gave me pinpoint accuracy when selecting on the screen, I have large fingers and I got tired of always enlarging the screen so I wouldn't be sent off to links I had no intention of going to. I'm a fairly decent typist so I thought using a stylus would be a fuss because I would always be putting the stylus down when I type, but what I found is when I type, I just use the stylus in my right hand and use my left naturally and I fly!I just hooked up my tablet to our HDTV via it's full size HDMI port a couple of days ago and was amazed by the picture. I was watching some YouTube HD videos and the picture was like I was watching a Bluray video and we don't have a Blueray sytem! I also ran the sound back through our home theater system so between the HD and sound, this little Tablet is just a giant killer. Forget the iPad and it's limited capabilities....If you want a tablet that does it all, here it is.There has been some criticism about it's weight etc. but if you can't handle a few more ounces in weight, perhaps a 7" tablet would work better for you. The Thrive also has a full size SD card slot (I have a 32GB in mine but it can take up to a 64GB). So if you're looking for a tablet that has memory capabilities...32GB/System+64GB/SD Card+64GB/USB = A lot of potential onboard memory for a tablet!After using the Thrive for a couple of weeks, my wife decided she wanted her own, so off to the local store I went and was lucky enough to get the same unit on clearance for substantially less than what I paid. Luckily I brought along my own receipt and got a refund on mine to match the clearance price on my wifes tablet ~ Sweet!Lastly, No, I do not work for Toshiba! My wife and I are retired so when I find something that works really well for the money, I like to share my own thoughts.Update: 7/9/12....I should also add that we also added a free Kindle App which has turned our Thrives into our libraries. There are tens of thousands of great free books online besides those found here on amazon, such as internetarchives.org...I have downloaded great books from that site right into my kindle App very easily, just click where it says "Kindle" in the box to the left side of the page. Can't get much better than being a Thriver Driver!7/10/12 ~ Another plus...I bought a leather "rooCase" for my Thrive here on Amazon for a total cost of $10.06 including delivery! Some reviews on this case indicate that it leaves a black mark on the back of the Tablet but since I have the standard black Thrive cover, no problem for me even if it does.This cover is extremely thin and fits the Thrive perfectly, all the openings and areas fit perfectly plus it is extremely lightweight. Just do a search on Amazon for "Thrive rooCase" and it will come up. Then go to "2 New" offers. I chose the $5.08 + $4.98 shipping)since I'm not a Amazon prime member. I also have the official Thrive cover with the 360 degree swivel for landscape or portrait viewing but I found that it did not sit well on the lap in the landscape mode but makes a great, very sturdy travel case.I searched on the internet and found a Red leather case for my wife's Thrive which cost $35. I found her case doing a Google search where a lady in Texas had one listed on Craigslist! I called the lady, asked about the case and if she would ship to Nevada, she was great. I sent her cash (yes - cash) and she mailed it out to us here in Nevada as promised.