In this review, I compare the iPad to 5 other devices I own, use, and love: the Sony Reader, the Amazon Kindle 1 and 2, the iPod Touch, and a laptop.  As you likely know, the iPad fills a niche that is between an ebook reader or similar device and a laptop or netbook.  Although there are an enormous number of apps available for the iPad, it definitely does not have the full range of function of a laptop. For example, I use my laptop for programming using MS Visual Studio, web development with Dreamweaver, and graphic work with Photoshop and Illustrator.  The iPad can be made to do a little bit of all of these functions, but for any large or complex work of that nature, a full-scale computer it the right device.With that said, I find a similar distinction between my smaller devices (the ebook readers and the iPod touch) and the iPad.  I love my Kindle(s) and will not give them up, however, the big advantage I find in the iPad over those readers is the larger size and the additional functionality.  The Kindle is still my preferred device for reading ebooks that were created as ebooks, but I now use the iPad for reading pdf documents. If you have ever struggled with trying to load pdfs onto an ereader, I strongly suggest you try the iPad.  For most pdfs, there is not even a need to use one of the many programs that help squeeze them down or trim their margins, etc.  Most pdfs can easily be read at their native size on the iPad, and moving the document or zooming slightly can be accomplished much more easily and quickly on the iPad as compared to the ereaders.The screen on the iPad is, frankly, better than I expected for reading.  After nearly 30 years of working with computers, I instanly loved the eink display (as in the Kindle, Sony, etc.) the first time I used it.  It still provides a better visual image for reading than the iPad as long as you have adequate lighting.  However, the iPad screen is as good or better than the best monitor I have used.  It tends not to give much eye strain even after extended periods of reading.  Of course, it is backlit, which is good and bad -- good because you can use it in most situations except for very bright light, e.g. direct sunlight.  The bad it that when you are reading, you are also looking directly into an artificial light source, and, eventually, that will cause eye strain for just about everyone.The iPad also has many other functions that it performs very much better than ereaders.  For example, it makes a very sericeable web browser, with the *big* exception that it cannot display flash videos or animations.  It also does not support MS Silverlight (an environment similar to Flash) as of February, 2011, although one never knows what will happen in the future.Finally, I have found the iPod Touch (and equivalently, the iPhone) to be a very hand device that I can easily carry in my pocket that provides some ereading capability, some web browsing capability, and the ability to run numerous apps, albeit on quite a small screen.  The iPad does all of these things, barring slipping into my pocket, and does them better.  I still carry the iPod in my pocket for quick access to my contacts, my calendar, my task list, etc., but as soon as I am indoors, the iPod goes away in favor of the iPad.  One last point with respect to the iPod Touch or iPhone vs. the iPad -- the former devices have a mirror-shiny finish on the back, which is beautiful when you take it out of the box, but it is absolutely impossible to keep it scratch-free without using some kind of protective cover.  So, with those devices, no matter how careful you intend to be, your choices are to keep it in a cover or live with scratches.  The iPad, on the other hand, has a matte finish on the metal back.  I have no dooubt the it, too, will accumulate tiny scratches if left uncovered, by they are much less likely to be seen and to diminish the lovely design of the iPad.