As you look through the reviews, you will notice that a lot of the negatives were posted in 2010. A lot of them are no longer applicable. I purchased my Gtablet about a month ago. My thoughts were that I would like to have this for e-Reading. I carry around a lot of VERY thick technical manuals.I am not disappointed! I absolutely love this tablet. With it, I can view all of my Kindle books, B&N; books and any .pdf file books. I can also rent library books (which I've not yet tried to do.) I love that all of my books are in color and the e-reader software is excellent. The .pdf viewer allows me to shrink or zoom by pinching or expanding my fingers on the screen.I do not think the tablet weighs too much. It weighs a LOT less than the books I read, a LOT less! I just bought the Kindle version of a Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2 book (here on Amazon). First, the physical book is 1700 pages. But, there is a CD that includes another 800 pages in .pdf format since they cannot print a 2500 page book. It's no problem on the Gtablet. The 2500 page e-book version was several dollars cheaper AND the tablet doesn't weigh any more than it did before this and 30+ other books were loaded!The Wi-Fi works pretty well. After initially configuring for each of the wireless routers I connect to (at work and home), I automatically connect wherever I take it. There is no monthly fee!I would agree that finger prints do get on the screen, it is a touch screen after all. I've found that I can touch the very side of the screen to turn pages in my books, so it's not a really big issue. I recommend using one of those micro-sham towels with a little bit of hot breath to really get the screen clean and quickly.I am a computer geek (and have been one for over 30 years). I originally bought the device thinking I was going to load a different OS (still Android, but just a different flavor). I have not done so. I love all of the built-in software. I've been enjoying free games from Amazon on it, too. (Amazon also has many free books!)I love this tablet so much, that I bought three more of them today. I bought one for my wife, my son and another one for me to play around on (trying different OS's, etc.)It's really cool that you can turn the tablet on it's side and the pages in my books will re-format themselves to fit the new orientation.Also on Amazon (for about $20), I purchased a keyboard/cover for the Gtablet. Now, I can hold it like a book when I'm reading. I can kick the back cover out and make it sit like a laptop and use the USB keyboard. Great stuff!This is a really fun toy. The 1080P for watching movies is incredible. The sound is amazing considering the teeny-tiny speakers. There is so much more but I don't want to repeat all of the specs that others have posted. The battery life is about 10 hours for me. Note that it does not use USB for charging. You can use a charger in your car, but it will need to fit the little hole on the side (where the 12volt/2amp Center pin positive) wall charger plugs in.The screen does wash out if not viewed perfectly in front of you. Not a big issue for me though as I didn't buy it to watch movies.