A technological marvel? A generation-defining device? A complete rip-off of the iPad? Answer to all that is best left to the debaters.When Apple announced its next genre-defying device, and we could all bask in the awesomeness of the few leaked images of the tablet of reckoning, I was torn. I asked myself in a few moments of so-called redneck-ism,  "What the hell is that? Is it a phone? Can you even carry it in your pocket? Where the hell is the keyboard to that notebook?" Little did I know that styli had been done away with completely from a type of computer I never knew existed, and the tablet computers were making their triumphant return (debut) in the already cluttered market of electronics. Thanks, Jobs, just what I needed, another must-have i-Thingy.Much as Apple has impressed me with its myriad trend-setting consumer products, this time the skeptic in me rang a pre-show alarm-bell. This was just ridiculous. The advantages of buying an i-Pad were far too few and in-between to trump the many disadvantages. That is the one thing you don't want in an electronic product. Huge screen size? No phone? No Android? No Google? What about 3G? No? You know, you can make HD trailers of people getting impressed with their new economic conquest all you want, buddy... I ain't buying. Bite it, Apple.A genre, once created, can only justify its name when it has more than one members. Monopoly is just a dream. The only question was who was going to come with a tablet worthy of standing up to the huge American coup. Europeans are just sleeping. (What's going on, Nokia? I believed in you!)And then the Koreans did it.When I first came to know about the Galaxy Tab, I was disheartened by people predicting its failure, firstly due to its lower size and similar cost to iPad, and secondly due to people calling it an overgrown smart-phone. Look guys, you can hate all you want, but I need to have a choice of screen-size when you force me to carry the damn thing by hand! 7 inches does not cause trouble in browsing, and easy to carry around! Like a little diary, even! Yay!Android phones are the best gadgets around. With the huge amount of apps flying around, you can use your phone to do about anything.(Many phones claim to do that. Anything. Android phones can actually do anything.) But in my opinion, the screen size of the Tab brings in a huge change in perspective by which to look at the apps. I didn't know what I hated about the apps in small smart-phones until I got my Tab. Believe me, Tab wins.The SIM card functionality is where Tab can really justify its rightful place as a competitor to the big-Huge Apple. WiFi as the only option for Internet? Phwah! I intend to turn my Tab into a GPS attached to my car (you can do that), and "WiFi, won't you stay with me, just a little longer?" cannot bend the will of almighty signals. I use my phone's 2G or 3G functionality to access internet everywhere! (Americans. People exist who cannot afford WiFi. It's not about money. It's about availaibility.)Camera! The quintessential smart-phone's got one. Why not i-Pad? Too much of a good thing, eh? Samsung's got two - one for video calls and another for, you know, camera purposes. Technical jargon alert - Tab has twice the RAM of an iPad, and 32 GB extendable. IPad is limited to internal memory. Multitasking can Tab but not iPad.Apple's hatred for third-party apps or software or firmware is legendary, and restricts its product usage to people who have grown up with Apple. C'mon Apple, by now you are like the rich kid in the sandbox who will let friends look at his cool new toys, but won't let you play as you want with then. This technological fascism must stop! If on the other hand, you work with a larger crowd, Tab is for you. I would recommend Tab over the iPad any day, and this I will also say, if by now, you still religiously buy all of Apple's new products, you either work for Jobs, or you are just trying to impress somebody. Rebel. You are too good for Apple. Not the other way around. Tab up your life. Just make sure to get a good screen guard.