I read reviews, joined android forums, watched youtube videos, trolled the amazon and ebay reviews, tried tablets out in the stores and finally took the plunge and bought the samsung galaxy tab 7 16GB wifi+3G AT&T; version and added a 16GB microsd. I bought mine on ebay as it was just the best deal at the time. (I decided on getting the 3G tab instead of just the wi-fi because of reviews I had read about the wi-fi only version having a downgraded processer.) Taking it out of the box I noticed right away how solidly built this thing is. Nice solid metal build to it, yet not so heavy that I can't sit and read for hours. Movies look absolutely amazing on it, the sound is surprisingly good! The built in video player wasn't up to snuff so I downloaded moboplayer from the market for free and voila, the full movie potential is unlocked. I rooted the tablet and installed the "Non Market Apps Enabler" app and now have all the abilities the tablet should have that AT&T; so rudely locked down. Best $1.69 ever spent! :-DThis tablet just does everything and does it easily. Barely a light touch and you can select the tiniest hyperlink in a webpage, a light brush of the finger and you turn a page in a book or turn up the volume in a movie. I opted to have a best buy employee install the invisible shield screen protector and it's awesome. Doesn't retract from the sensitivity at all! Web pages load instantly and the tablet connects easily w/ any available wifi. A quick pull down screen turns it on and off and allows you to extend your battery life if not using the internet. Cameras are right on par with most decent smartphones nowadays. Quality seems great. Accepts regular size headphones, but I barely use them, the sound is good w/o them.Rooting the tab has really helped the one drawback, and that was battery life, now it's not dead at the end of the day, but I still tend to recharge it at the end of the day anyway. I find I use this for everything, read books, watch shows and movies, go online and check my bank account, check my email, cruise ebay, amazon or craigslist with ease, use the memo pad for shopping lists, games, music, gps, maps, I could go on, but you get the idea. There is literally an app for everything I could think of so far lol. The size of this tablet is absolutely perfect for me, fits neatly in most purses, yet big enough to prop in it's easel cover and watch a movie w/ no eye strain like the smartphone. I hardly use my phone at all now really......lol. If you're considering a tablet to be ultra portable you definitely want to check this one out, I opted for this over the 10 inch tablets out there and have not been sorry. It literally goes everywhere with me! :-PI'm so happy with this that I now bought another one from here on amazon for my husband so he can ditch his pandigital which just seemed archaic after the tab haha.