Five years ago I didn't believe that Apple had anything more significant to offer than a fancy MP3 player. Apple computers are still a novelty to at least some degree,  and I fully accept that. The iPhone is what led me to believe that Apple had the potential to change the landscape if mobile computing. The iPad is something I have been waiting for since I unwrapped my iPhone. The idea of a larger screen mixed with a seductively beautiful and wildly simple user interface made me ready to throw my laptop out the second the iPad was announced in San Francisco. The iPad is not perfect, but in my experience no computing product has ever achieved that distinction. Upon unwrapping the device the customer is struck by the familiar face of an iPod Touch enlarged to dramatic proportions. This visual has become one of the most harsh criticisms which the iPad has had to endure. Apple has a knack for innovation wrapped within the familiar. Upon a quick sync with iTunes the home screen opens with the sparse series of apps most familiar to owners of the first generation iPod Touch: Settings, iPod, Photos, iTunes, calendar, YouTube, mail and contacts, maps and the app store. The look and feel of each of these apps is considerably more expansive and longtime owners of iPhones will instantly fee an almost palpable sense of freedom as their fingers have space to explore, to touch the giant virtual buttons Apple presents.  When connected to Wi-fi the user is able to begin expanding their library of apps through the App Store. Thus brings me to one of my primary concerns with the iPad, price inflation. My first purchase was Angry Birds HD, an app which slides in at a wallet-crunching 6 dollars considering the gameplay is nothing more than flinging little birds against large structures to destroy little green pigs. One finds that 90 percent of iPad apps suffer from this rampant price inflation which will leave most users groaning. I have hope for the iPad app store, however despite the rampant sales of the iPad it is at best a niche product, thus the so-called "gold rush" for ipad exclusive apps might be somewhat overplayed.  From a hardware standpoint the iPad is just as capable and well-developed as any piece of Apple hardware. The touchscreen is responsive and the screen is bright and vivid. The keyboard requires a learning curve and if you have never used a touchscreen Apple product you have a long road ahead of you. I personally had little problem with it (I composed this review on my iPad). Finally, a note about iBooks. The iBook store has a beautiful format an reading is a pleasure. The major issue arises from the lack of selection at the time of this writing. This problem can be fixed with the Kindle app from Amazon which brings the robust library of Amazon to an equally attractive and comparable E-Reader to their flagship Kindle device. The battery life allows for a vast amount of tasks to be performed on a single charge, including games, video and other tasks which would typically be considered very draining on battery. As I have already mentioned, e iPad as a device is not perfect, but it makes an excellent companion and you'll soon find your laptop collecting dust.