I got the Kindle for Christmas but couldn't wait to try it (I waited 3 days after it came, and was only able to last that long because I'm a sort-of grown up 68 year old ). Overall I am very impressed with this little tablet. My 4 star rating should not be viewed as suggesting it falls short in delivering what Amazon promised. It excels at what it is supposed to be used for, and only lacks some of the features found on tablets that cost 2 to 3 times as much. For the money, this is a 5 star tablet, but it would be wrong to ignore how it stacks up with the rest of the market, so it has 4 stars.My points after about 10 hours of use over 5 days:1. Memory is not an issue because of the Amazon Cloud. Don't let anyone tell you it is. A year down the road, this and other cloud services will be the whole game apart from the software and UI on each device.2. It is quick! It frequently does the same task as my iPad 1 more quickly. It cannot match my Moto Xoom nor my wife's iPad 2, however.3. Best uses: videos, books, music, games.4. A little work needed: browsing and email.5. Silk is fast given the installed memory. I have yet to have an issue with waiting too long.6. The Carousel--which is the most prominent feature of the immediate interface--is WAAAAAAY too sensitive. Fix this now! That said, I like the combination of the Carousel and the bookselved favorites below. It's genius in most respects apart from the difficulty of getting the exact icon on the carousel you want to open, open. In addition, the menu bar at the top is very easy to use and takes you to everything you need to do, fix, figure out, etc. So turning on the Fire and just taking off into it is very easy except for the Carousel's sensitivity.7. Build/physical design: OK. It's not snazzy at all... but not clunky either. The 7" form factor is part of the reason for this because it hard to be small, thin, and heavily optioned, but I suspect we'll see a big improvement in this aspect of the device with the Fire 2.8. Weight: Again, OK, but that's mostly because it's a 7" machine, not a 10.1" machine.9. Accessories: Excellent selection and price range. You could spend $50+ for a cover, or do fine with one for $13.10. eReader: Amazon's Kindle app is excellent, but is definitely not the same experience on all machines. It doesn't always sync progress, including higlights, bookmarks, and notes across all of our tablets and eReaders (in our case, Amazon, Apple, and Android devices). It should. Some reviewers talk about how this is a good eReader, but certainly not as good as the Kindle. I disagree; I prefer to read on the Fire because it's a good reader, and there's a whole world waiting for you when you're tired of reading.11. Favorite: Watching video! OMG! I watched "You've Got Mail" (an older video) on the Fire, and it was unbelievably good (and FREE with Prime)! I swear it looked like 3D. Seriously, it was so sharp my eyeballs started bleeding:-)12. Least Favorite: Except for the size of the app market on Amazon and the fact that not all Android apps are available... Well... Nothing, really. Listen folks, this device is only $200! It plays with our iPads and Xoom and holds its own every time.13. Fire or Nook Tablet?: Lots of reviewers are going down this road. We bought both. The Nook is a slick machine. It does video like a champ is also a great eReader, it has some useful external buttons, etc, etc. The best reviews all say the same thing, however: it depends on what you want to do with the tablet. There is no "better" between the two. There is just a difference, and the Amazon environment with Prime added is way, way ahead of Barnes and Noble, IMO. In addition, unless you buy an extra micro sd card to store what you want on it from places other than B&N;, you've only got 1GB of memory available for your personal use. The rest is only used for things you buy from B&N.; Didn't know that when I bought the machine. Had I, I wouldn't have. That's not cool.14. Conclusion: OK, it's not an iPad, but that's not why we bought it. We could not be happier with the Fire because it delivers what it says it will do and it's only $200! Don't forget the Prime Mempership. I know I sound like a shil for Amazon, but I've been a Prime member quite a while, am a heavy Internet buyer, and there's nothing like Prime. Not even close. I've saved a ton.