I ordered this package from amazon (128GB Win7 HP, dock & keyboard), and the package I received had been haphazardly taped together with packing tape - and the dock & keyboard were nowhere to be found. I called amazon up and they cross-shipped me a new one - this time it was all correct - and hadn't been apparently rifled though. A+ for Amaon customer service.On to the tablet: I have been looking for a tablet with this kind of horsepower for quite some time, then I stumbled upon the slate by accident one day - and bought it immediately. Then, I read some reviews ([...]) and there are a couple of issues with QC, perhaps - but overall, an excellent tablet.  I love the 11.6" display form factor - I have had the 11.6" MacBook Air for >1 year and love it. It is bright, clear, easy to read - and has really good viewinig angles. Samsung has put a custom touch interface over W7 - and it works wonderfully - I did made scroll bars/exit buttons a bit bigger since i have fat fingers, and that solves most of my problems. The calibration was great out of the box, and it is a pleasure to hold and use in general.  Many people have reported the glass separating from the unit due, perhaps, to an adhesive issue (and some are saying that the dock may exascerbate it), and mine does have the issue slightly - but I will wait to get it replaced when it becomes a serious issue.  The touch-launcher is a great interface, especially as  you can replace many of the stock garbage apps with your own. The physical 'home/windows' button has several uses, to launch the touch-launcher, navigate through windows (same as win-tab), and show the desktop (win+d) - and if you want - you can remap any of these options to do different things. For instance, I don't care about the 'show desktop' feature  -and instead rigged mine to toggle between activate/ignore the touch-screen input - so that only the pen can give input - helpful when exclusively writing/inking. The pen is a nice, fairly standard wacom pen. I wish you could modify the button/click actions more.My unit does have the sim-card slot door - it doesn't apear to be removable, even if I wanted to add the 3G card later, bummer. All the other buttons, ports work as expected.  The keyboard is a pleasure to use, same feel as my mac keyboards. I did have to go into the device manager and tell the computer NOT to turn the device off to save power. Prior to this, even a pause of 5 minutes without typing would cause the keyboard to disconnenct, and maybe 5-10 sec. of reconnection before it would register a keystroke. In general, it works well. The '5' key on my keyboard is broken, and nearly falling off - I'll have to send it back to samsung to get a replacement  The cameras are just OK, nothing terribly impressive, and have quite poor low-light output.The tablet does come with some bloatware, but some of the native apps, like the samsung "Easy Software Manager' is very useful. Swype is very useful, and can be resized to your liking - I love it on my android phone. The factory partition setup is bizarre - 50GB for the OS, 50GB empty partition, and a 20GB hidden recovery - I just copied the recovery partition to an external HDD, and made 1 big partition.  The battery life seems great to me - i've easily gotten >5hrs out of a charge - but I'm usually not doing anything serious - and keep the backlight low (~10%). I will use this for matlab, and other hardcore purposes - but will likely be docked - but the i5 should handle it nicely.Enough rambling, all in all, I love this tablet.