I purchased a tablet for use in an airplane cockpit to track flight progress and display approach charts at the destination.  The advertising mentioned navigation, but wasn't entirely clear.  I contacted Samsung and was assured that the tablet had on board GPS and should work for my intended purpose.  I purchased the tablet and the software which requires downloading FAA maps and approach charts every 28 days.  Coverage for the continental 48 states includes +/- 18,000 *.GIF files at +/-200K each.  It took 3 days and +/- 6 crashes before it copied from the HD on my laptop.  Samsung uses a Media Scanner to scan the files before downloading.  I contacted Samsung tech support twice who was unable to help.  One said to enable the USB Debugging App and the other said to disable it.  I ultimately disabled all apps, cleared the memory, dumped all files in the target directory and reduced the download to the Eastern 2/3 of the U.S.  Download time +/-10 hours.  One supervisor suggested purchasing a Samsung USB kit which has an SD and Thumb drive adapter for +/-$30 + S&H.;  A couple of techs suggested using Samsung's Kies software for transferring files, but weren't real clear how that works.  There doesn't appear to be a manual.  The USB cord included with the unit for charging and data transfer is quite short so you need a power outlet very near by.The GPS is intermittent.  I contacted Samsung several times with a few dropped calls, but ended up talking to 2 different techs who insisted that I had to be connected to Wi-Fi in order for the GPS to work.  That not only doesn't make sense, but is contrary to their owner's manual which states that location can be set using either GPS or Wi-Fi.  Both techs confirmed their position with their supervisors.  I asked to speak to a supervisor and was told that he was on the phone, but would call me back as soon as he got off.  I had no voice mails, missed calls or records of a call on my cell phone, but in a subsequent conversation with a supervisor, I was told that the other supervisor had called me back and left a voice mail and he confirmed my cell number although he might have miss-dialed.  All of the techs I spoke with said I should have purchased a carrier based tablet which would provide GPS (of course it's illegal to operate a cell phone on an airplane).  They claimed that their GPS wasn't a real GPS like Garmin or Tom Tom and I shouldn't expect too much from it.  For operation in a car or airplane, you will want the tablet in your lap with the face exposed to the sky through the windshield.  The manual advises that the GPS receiver is at the "top back" of the tablet and to not cover it up or you will not have reception.  I don't know how to use the tablet with the back of it aimed at the sky.  It appears that the solution will be to purchase a separate Bluetooth GPS that has an antenna that can be placed on the dashboard.I chose this particular model for its size which just fits an approach chart at almost 100% with minimal pinching and is very readable and fits in my lap without compromising the car or airplane controls.  Tech support feels my needs are too heavy duty although the entire application and database are less than 5GB and the tablet has 32GB.  There are minimal computing requirements and in fact Google Maps (included with the unit) is a far more complex application.  Samsung Tech Support is very dissappointing.