I was really excited about getting the Archos 7.  I did some research on Archos' website, and read some reviews here, and decided to purchase it.  It came quick from Amazon as always.  I opened the box up, turned it on, and was really impressed with the picture quality.  Unfortunately, that was the only thing to impress.Where to start:The Archos 7, has a 7 inch screen, which displays a great picture, but 7 inches is a little smaller than you might think it is, especially if your doing a lot of internet surfing.  The touch screen, which unfortunately is resistive, is a HUGE disappointment.  I understand that it keeps the cost down, but with everything moving to capacitive, it's really a let down.  You have to push the screen really hard to make a selection, and even then its hard to make a pin-point selection, i.e. a link on website.  It's very hard to scroll via a finger swipe, and I can't tell you how many times I clicked something I did not mean to click.  I knew when I ordered the Archos that it had the resistive touch screen, and I thought it wouldn't make much of a difference, but it makes a huge difference!  I think it has a 600mhz processor, which does ok, but once you start multi-tasking it gets bogged down rather quickly.  The virtual keyboard is OK, but again, with the resistive touchscreen, it is very difficult and SLOW to type something.  Also lacking on the Archos is the Android operating system it runs on.  Archos ships these units with Android 1.5, which is becoming a relic with 2.1 already out, and 2.2 around the corner.  I havn't heard anything about an update coming for the Archos, but it would be a lot better if they upgraded to the newer firmware.  Also lacking, is access to the android apps store.  Instead this unit ships with Archos' version of an app store called AppsLib.  It has a fraction of the apps that the android store has.  There is also no Youtube, app, and Flash is not supported in the 1.5 version of Android, so you cannot watch Youtube, or any other flash videos for that matter.That being said, the resolution on the Archos 7 screen is pretty stellar, videos and websites look great, as do mobile books and pictures.  The battery life is pretty good as well(and could only stand to get better with an operating system update), lasting about 7hrs with light use.  It also sports a kickstand, and mini sd card slot, along with a usp port(all be it mini usb), which even the Ipad doesn't have.  Unfortunately, in my opinion, the good does not outway the bad in this case.To put it simply, if you want something you can surf basic webpage's with, read mobile books, and watch movies on the fly, for $200 this device might be good for you.  On the other hand, if you went to see an Ipad, but thought you would find an Android alternative, it may be too soon, and the Archos 7 just can't match up.  I would suggest waiting for the Dell Streak, or one of the many other Android tablets coming out this year.  I really wanted to like the Archos, but it just didn't live up.