When this item was announced back in October, I was excited.  Tegra 3 Quad-core processor, IPS+ display, thinner than anything out in the market, and all for $499?  Not to mention that it would be out by November, well before Christmas season.  There really wasn't much reason not to place pre-order.  Then everything fell apart.First ASUS dropped amazon.com out of their pre-order partner, which gave that horrible gut feeling, soon to be followed by massive pre-order cancellation (there are just too many to count on how many were affected by this, including myself).  Outrage of not providing an option to just stay in pre-order were eventually met with an option to re-order this item in late november which were quickly sold out in matter of minutes.  Estimated release date thankfully moved from Valentine's Day (funny joke, if there was one) to mid-January, and eventually received mine few days ago.  By then, I completely gave up on any hope for Christmas delivery, but was hopeful about the rumored Ice Cream Sandwich update (Android 4.0).  To add one more twist to this possibly the most agonizing pre-order SNAFU, amazon.com sent me an email about providing $10 credit as a way of making up for botched pre-order, but even that was delayed, leading me to send an email to their stellar customer service (which I hardly ever have to use) inquiring yet another botched promise (eventually amended).Here comes the whole three days of experience with ASUS Transformer Prime:+Good:Beautiful, expensive looking product: Use of brushed metallic back gives the heft and touch that rhymes with "I feel expensive, and therefore, I am an expensive product".Great display*: Bright, outdoor viewable, great color reproduction, no color bending from extreme angle, and no noticeable edge bleeding.Quick Update: Less than 20 minutes after I unpacked this product, I saw update being downloaded, and within an hour, it was updated to ICS.Good software: ICS is truly what Android tablet meant to be.  Smooth transition, more logical arrangement, and ASUS control panel comes very handy.-Bad:GPS Performance, or lack thereof: Even with assistance from Wi-Fi, I can't get a lock at all.Wi-Fi Performance: This is where metallic back rears its ugly head.  Where I normally get 3-4 bars and decent speed, I struggled to get any reception with this tablet.Overall shape/form factor: Not entirely fault of this product, as 10" can be bit unwieldy on your hands.  I was keep changing from portrait to landscape and could not get comfortable holding either way.  Lessons on actually seeing and testing out the product prior to purchase.-UGLY:Terrible Quality control: As I was looking at it in lighter colored background, I noticed darkened area, about 5 pixels long vertically just to the left of the dead center.  At first, I thought, "Hmm, smudges.  I better wipe it off".  Then to my horror, I realized that there were no smudge to wipe off.  It was dreaded dead/stuck pixels.  In darker backgrounds, it is barely noticeable, but as color becomes lighter, it was unmistakable.  It gives that horrible, "there's popcorn kernel stuck in my teeth and my god, it feels like a boulder" feeling every time I looked at it.Alas, but there were more issues.  Outer lens cover were discolored, much like someone accidentally scratched off UV coating, and pictures I took had discoloration on corresponding area.Further compounded by lower bottom lip where plastic outer ring connects metal back and front glass display were nicked as well.  I can most certainly understand shortage issue, delay issue and so on (which has become unofficial trademark of HOT and NEW ASUS product launch), but having three glaring quality control issues in one?  No, that won't do.  I cannot imagine any Apple buyers letting this go should these happen to their iPad.  I am not fond of mentioning their products, but I do expect them not letting this many mistakes in a single product to land in retailer.As much as I would love to keep this product, I returned it, pending refund.  May be I will give another shot at tablet, but it seems whole segment is still premature.