I won't discuss any technical jargon on comparison to any tablet the main reason I bought this after a long research and spending a lot of time in Best Buy Store doing hands on testing what impress me is the regular size USB,HDMI, Mini USB and full size SD Card Slot. 5 meg rear camera and 2 meg front.The built in speaker is not design to Blast your ear, plus who want to listen to your loud Rap music or any music you luv in the Library or Starbucks , Come on guys be realistic OK .The LED lights doesn't bother me a bit, If it is bother you just put a Black Electrical tape on it, I don't have complain about the whole quality of the product on itself, actually I think is has good quality on it.I order the original case to amazon so I don't have to hold it and I can position it so many different ways. Now, I don't have to removed it to the case any more, plus in case you accidentally drop it,the case will offer more protection. Like any electronics you need to take care of it . It's not designed to be a Frisbee. I installed Zagg protector for $30.00 I thought I mess it up, all the bubbles are gone after 2 days, you can't even tell if its there , Bose Companion 2 Series ll speaker for $100.00 ,I plug it when I'am on my computer desk the sound is amazing you hear every instruments.The Beat Solo HD headset made by monster and endorsed by Dr. Dre is your perfect companion for private listening for Aiport, Plane, Library or Starbucks coffee shop. $200.00 thru Amazon ( On the Plus side if you use this on iphone4 the music pause when somebody is calling, has built in mic and volume control), you got to try it.Personally I think it is better than Bose Q15 $300.00 noise cancelling headset. I will never exchange my thrive for Apple ipad2. Well, if they have all the expansion slot that is a different story.I also have an Apple itouch 32 GB 4th Gen and I just got Apple iphone4 from AT&T; a month ago which I both luv. So, what ever you want to buy its up to you. Do your own research, don't listen to me or any tech head. No user manual, but you can download from Toshiba web site it took me one day to figure how everything work. No problem since I got this a month ago. I hook this once in a while to my Bose 901 Series Speaker and carver amp. Toshiba thrive rock, sound like CD's. So easy to transfer musics or data from main drive to SD card or Thumb Drive or vise versa. Hey, Steve Jobs why don't you give those ports to your customers? Do you scare of something, I heard your company is worth $350 Billion bigger than mobil-Exxon. wow, I wish I have some stocks on Apple. If you install everything like in my Toshiba Thrive I'll give this to my daughter and I will buy the Apple ipad3 in a heart beat..so for now good luck to ipad2 lovers, if you are happy for what tablet you have, fine.. about the weight of the Thrive, perfect for me, I guess If you think it is too heavy, you need to visit the Gym once in a while, instead of going to mickey D. Ha-Ha-Ha .I have 17'' inch HP $950.00 with blue ray player almost 10 lbs. No problem carrying that one too. I'am 60 years old retired military.If you really like a very light tablet stick to your smartphone. This is my easy carry on going to Starbucks or any place where Wi-Fi is available, just don't leave it on your car on summer time it maybe roasted when you comeback, also great for surfing, while on sofa, Deck or bedroom . Well, good luck folks.  Update:  5 Sept 2011 To everybody who will listen to Mr. Mcmaster kind of fishy to me about his bias are you sure you don't work for apple or just it just a die hard apple lover? Just wonder. Just like a car if you like Honda or Chevy roadtest before you buy and make your own decision, not Jessie or Mr. Mcmaster will use it. If he work for Consumer Report and putting all tablets to different test with atleast 5 people who know what the F.... their doing maybe I will reconsider their opinions..I think all tablet has some good and bad about it..Your choice....