August 2012I still like my Touchpad but I would not pay $200 for this product.  The browser is not compatible with many sites and there are few sites.  It is thicker than newer tablets and has less power.  There is a version of Android Ice Cream Sandwich being developed for the Touchpad.  The Android version is still in Alpha.  I think you would better buying ASUS TF or TFT or Nexus 7.December 2012I have really enjoyed the Touchpad over the last six months and I am still happy I bought it.  But, there a lack of Apps are begining to detract from its appeal.  I cannot tether it.  Also, I cannot use Yahoo messenger.  In GMAIL I can only access a limited portion of history-I have had the HP Touchpad for a few months now and I still love it.  I wanted to update that WebOS (the great operating system on the Touchpad and much better than Android) is now open source software.  Hopefully, that means more Apps and a long life of an improving operating system.  Too bad Android is so popular.  Web OS is much better.  I highly recommend Picsel Smart Office (Word, Powerpoint, Excel) as an app.  It has drawbacks but it is really much better than Quickoffice (comes with the Touchpad.) I bought an HP keyboard.  It is light and makes typing very easy.The following review was written after having the Touchpad for a couple of weeks.  The bottom line is that for $270 this 32 GB HP Touchpad is a joy. Ideally one would compare tablets to each other but I have only played with the IPAD 2 for a few hours.  Like the HP TouchPad tablets are wonderful because they are: lightweight (1.6 pounds), great screen, and boot fast.  I think the TouchPad is as good as anything out there and it is less than half the price.I will start with the negatives:First CNET criticizes the HP TouchPad because it feel like plastic, finger smudges get all over the black case and it is thick.  It does get smudges but they are on the screen too and all tablets are going to get that because of the technology of touch screen.  I wouldn't have noticed the smudges on the back had not some CNET reviewer complained (there are smudges).  I don't look at the back of the TouchPad often and they are easy to wipe just like the smudges on the screen.  Finallyi, the TouchPad isn't that much thicker then the IPAD.Second negative: Limited Apps: This is probably a valid concern but I have all of the Apps I want.  Kindle, weather, tape recorder, file manager, word processor, power point, spreadsheet, Facebook, note organizer, etc  would like to have a good dictionary for a more reasonable price.  Also, there is a community developing an Android system for Touchpad and my son is going to show me how to set it up so I can dual boot and use Linux Apps if I ever need them.  Bottom line, the limited Apps is probably only a problem if you want lots of games.  There is an App that allows you to access your computer over the internet and run software on your computer.  You can even watch Netflix.  It cost $10.  I have not tried it but the reviews are great.Third negative:  This is somewhat related to the second - concern about long term support for WebOS. It isn't clear what HP will do with Web OS but there are a lot of programmers who love the operating system so I am optimistic and there probably will be the option to run Android at sometime in the future.  By the time the operating system is outdated, if ever, technology improvements will have made all of the existing tablets obsolete and you will save $330 buying the TouchPad.The positives:The price.  I paid $270 for a 32 GB version and I think it is a good, maybe better as IPAD or Android versions.  It isn't as beautiful as the IPAD and may have less Apps but for $330 savings I will take the HP. If I am going to spend $600 I will look at Ultra light portables.User Interface:  Is wonderful, uses "cards" for Apps, you can have lots of Apps open at the same time and move easily between them.  It is fun to use.Is supported by a user community that loves the fact that you can easily change it, run other operating systems etc.You get 50 GB of storage in the cloud for free.  You can share certain folders to let others access files and/or edit them.  I have used it to provide samples of work to prospective clients.  It has been really useful.The email is great. I access all of my accounts under one email.I enjoy the easy access to apps, web, reading, email, word processing.  It is light, easy to carry around, the battery life is great.A few comments about Tablets.  I do a lot of work on spreadsheets and I think all tablets are limited because they do not have enough memory to handle large spreadsheets.  Also, typing is awkward.  It was awkward on the IPA as well.  I am going to buy a keyboard.  I bought a cheap leather case for less then $10.  I wished I had spent more money.  Buy one that will support the screen in vertical position so you can type of a keyboard.