I originally bought a Samsung ivory colored netbook from the store about a year ago. I can't recall the model but something similar to this one. But within a day I spilled a couple teaspoons of water into it and the key started malfunctioning. I also didn't like that other model because it came with this odd program that was really a nuisance as well I think it was called Hyper-something. (Sorry if some of the details are fuzzy! Bought it a year ago and only had that other netbook less than week.) I quickly returned it and did some more research and found this the Samsung NB30. It is shock resistant up to 30 inches and also water resistant up to something like 30cc as long as you wipe the liquid away immediately.I LOVE it. I have had it almost a year and it has been great. No major problems. And I have definitely dropped it and man-handled it a bit. It is also so light and easy to use. One of the things I especially like about it coming from having previously owned two Dell notebooks and two Acer notebooks is the screen and the speakers. On my old notebooks they all had a terrible problem with glare and I hated that. In addition, the most recent Dell notebook I owned had the worst speakers. I could barely hear my music playing unless I used headphones. My cell phone speakers were louder than the Dell! The NB30 has great sound quality. And it comes with Windows 7 which is miracle compared to Windows Vista. It also has an SD slot which has been useful and three USB slots.So one of the drawback is because this model is shock resistant for some reason the battery life is slightly less than other comparable models of Samsung maybe 6.5 hours versus 7 hours. I wish the battery was as long as some Asus models but the sleek design and durability totally make up for the lack of battery. Also, the screen is a bit small. Some of my netbook user friends have mentioned going for a models with bigger screens but I was in it for portability and durability. Lastly, the video streaming on NB30 is not great and I blame the ATOM processor. (Almost all netbooks have this processor. You can't avoid it.) This processor is not the fastest but it's so light and uses so little battery that one sacrifices speed instead. To make up for this I upgraded the RAM to 2G. (It's only expandable up to 2G. Too bad!) Cost maybe $50 to upgrade. Prob less now. This helped a bit. But the netbook is great for simple word processing, surfing the net, and doing my slide show presentations. I love how light it is so I can easily take it to class. It weighs less than most of my books and I often don't need the power cord which is convenient since many of my 3 hours classes are held in rooms without readily available outlets. I also purchased an external Samsung cd drive so that I can use and burn cds with my netbook. I haven't used it yet but will in the future.