Chances are you came across this product while searching for a viable alternative for that IPad you have been lusting after (Like I did).You reach this page and start to get this feeling that this tablet just might be exactly what you need; The product details read like a dream and the price seems almost too good to be true, but you will need just a bit more info before you actually shell out any of your hard earned money. That's where product reviews come in and hopefully this one may help you make a decision.Let me start off by listing the good things I found about this product;- The Price: At $300 less than the cheapest Ipad the low price is probably the tablet's biggest selling point... and it's not like you'll have to give up a whole load of options to buy this.- Appearance; it looks cool (to me at least), the screen size is great and it FEELS nice. Make sure you carry a cleaning cloth to wipe away  all the smudges.- Nice multimedia options: you can read about the video/audio player/ web browser/ photo frame options above; I just want to make sure I mention that it  also comes with a nifty little ebook reader. Although not fantastic, these multimedia apps are quite decent and make this a good buy.- I'm going to say this as delicately as I can; I'm not saying you are BUT if you are the kind of person who prefers NOT to pay for your multimedia content (hint, hint, nudge, nudge), then this tablet is certainly right for you; I was impressed on how easy it was to transfer different types of movie, audio and text files (all perfectly legal, of course) and then getting to enjoy them moments later. See how long it would take you to do THAT on an Ipad!- Not enough storage space for all those files? How about this: a slot for a micro SD card! Still not enough? a USB port! I mean, really, how can you even think about offering a product like this WITHOUT even one of these options? Can you hear me, Apple?- Leg Stand; I'm being completely serious here. Even though it's cheap and plastic and will probably break off soon, I just love being able to prop up my tablet... in fact, add another half a star to my review!Looking good, eh? Now the BAD news;- Battery life? Not so good. Turns out that for some really weird reason it will wake up every couple of hours while you are sleeping and drain your battery. There are ways to reduce this drain but you cannot switch this feature off, ever...(pause for effect)... WHAT?!?!- I've heard a lot of good things about the Droid app market and about how it will eventually leave the Itunes version crying in the dust but I can't say I'm much impressed... I'm aware this tablet only offers a 'Light' version of the market but still, Itunes does not have much to worry about at this point.- The Touch Screen; ugh, what a nightmare. I spent half an hour the other day trying to download and install an app, knowing exactly what to do but being thwarted at every turn by this awful, awful system. And check this out: I decided to use it in bed and when I touched the screen, it stayed dark and one of the crappy songs that was included started playing with no way of turning it off! This machine has a mind of it's own and it apparently hates everybody. Anyone else find it ironic the Archos company is french?Good things, bad things, but is it worth buying?Let me put it this way: this is perfect for a teenager gets all his/her multimedia content from torrents and can it stuff into one of the pockets of his/her baggy slacker shorts. Anyone else? Hmmm, let's face it, you (and by you I mean we) would rather go with the Ipad and all the cool things an ipad entails... like how Apple products seem to just work... Well,  ask yourself this: Is reliabilty worth the extra 300 dollars for you? That's something only you can decide. In my case, I think I am perfectly capable of enduring some hardships for that amount of money!