Yes...I actually own this tablet and my opinion will be as a user.  First a few disclaimers:1.  In my opinion, the "perfect tablet" does not exist.  All devices in this form factor fall short in more than one area.2.  The only other "tablets" I own is the Archos 101 and the Velocity Micro Cruz (actually an e-Reader with some tablet features).  I do not own anything Apple...but my wife does.The good:The tablet is fast and responsive.  Of all the tablets I played with, this is as responsive as all the others in this classBoot process is very good. My Archos 101 took a long time to boot and this is much, much faster.Wireless is very good.  Available networks are quickly recognized and easy to connect to despite what some of the other reviews have stated.MicroSD works out of the box.  Popped in a 32GB card and data was immediately available with no issues at all.USB works out of the box as well, but...it has many limitations. (I'll talk about this later).Android 3.0 is a marked improvement over 2.2.  Even as good as this OS is, I believe it will get better as more attention is paid to stabilizing it.Price.  Because you can add an SD card you can increase the amount of storage from the base model of 16GB.  With the 32GB card I added, I now have 48GB for less than I would have paid for the 32GB non-upgradeable device.  $449 is a very reasonable price.The not so good...Pre-loaded software.  This was something I didn't expect.  There are a few programs on the machine that you can't uninstall unless you root the machine.  DocsToGo can only be upgraded using the site tied to the pre-loaded install which means you can't upgrade it to the full version unless you use their upgrade site.  Also, some of the other software programs that run flawless on 2.2 will have issues on 3.0 (Astro SMB is one of them).Weight.  Yes...this tablet is heavy compared to the other tablets on the market in this class.  When you first pick it up it's not that bad but after a while you will notice the difference.  I spent $11.00 (US) to purchase a stand that's portable and folds down small enough to take it with me in my tablet sleeve.Charge cord.  I had no idea how short the cord was going to be until I unpacked my tablet. I did spend $1.00 (US) on an extension cord to help me overcome the short cord but I should not have had to.  I wasn't looking for a 5 foot cord but 14 inches???USB is not fully functional.  Although you can add a wireless keyboard and mouse through the USB, you still do not have all the functionality you would get on a netbook or higher.  Supposedly, the Android 3.1 upgrade will provide you with more functionality but still not 100%.Despite my dislikes, overall this is a very good and I'm happy I bought it.  It will be interesting to see what the 3.1 upgrade will do and I'm seeing more options available for the tablet being offered.