PROS: size and weight, picture quality, fast processor, battery life, good-looking design, bluetoothCONS: expensive, if you have a spotty WIFI connection it really limits the use of the tablet, lack of integrated USB/HDMI (you can buy an adapter for this - about $30)I bought this tablet because I really wanted a reader for books but I thought I might like to watch movies occasionally and surf the web when I travel. For me the size/weight is perfect. It is the lightest mainstream 7.0 tablet I have seen and very easy to hold. I spent hours reading for school yesterday on it without a problem. I should mention too, the battery life is excellent so far. I spent about 5 hours reading, downloading apps and movies and just messing around the internet and the battery was at 50%. I left it overnight without charging and today spent an additional couple hours playing around and still 30% on battery life.The tablet itself is pretty fast, although I must say, if you don't have a good WIFI connection, you will be disappointed.  I am living in a dorm with community WIFI and it is SLOW! Many times  I got kicked off the internet or the Android market...etc. So watching streaming video was difficult. A tablet is pretty much for internet-based activities so if you don't have good WIFI you may consider getting a 3G tablet from your wireless company or don't even bother with the tablet. Although I discovered today that you can download rental movies and save them to the tablet for 30 days and then watch offline if you wish. So I bought a rental and am letting it download now while I am not using the tablet.As far as lacking the USB/HDMI ports, to me this is a non-issue. The Acer Iconia A100 has this included and I toyed with the idea of getting this tablet instead (especially because it was $50 cheaper than the Samsung) BUT...(1) when do I ever need my tablet to hook up to USB or HDMI? I have a laptop, I have a DVD player for my TV, ... I mean the point of a small tablet like this is to be able to carry it in your purse for reading books and watching movies on the go. So for me, not an issue. (2) the Acer is quite a bit heavier and has half the battery life. It is still a viable contender though so definitely take a look when you're shopping.Some have complained that the apps are lacking for android versus iPad. Again I say, the Samsung 7.0 Plus basically a fancy reader. If you want something that has the capabilities of a computer, get an iPad. Certainly the iPad can do a lot more than this, but it is heavier and quite a bit more expensive. But if you want something lightweight and portable to read books, this is certainly a better choice. And furthermore, I have downloaded about 10 apps today to tablet that all work fine. All the mainstream stuff is available. Android will catch up with Apple now that android tablets are on the rise.In my opinion, you get what you pay for. This is a little more expensive than other 7 inch tablets, but it has great battery life, a dual-core processor for fast response, and is very lightweight. It's quite a bit cheaper than an iPad but of course, it doesn't do everything an iPad does, so there you go.