OK --- After a great deal of use, I need to update my review...The w500 does have Windows 7 on it, but I would personally put Windows 8 on it since I've begun using 8 on other computers.  The w500 can handle things an iPad and Andriod tablets can't because it has a full operating system.  Unfortunately, my biggest issue is the processor is under-powered and I wouldn't buy this device again.  I still find this device impressive since it connects to all of my existing devices printers, external hard drives, etc.I realize under-powered is relative since it depends on what you will use the system for.  I work extensively with Word documents that are several mb in size, they run very slow on the w500.  Note, I have tested Office 2010 and 2013.Also, the Solid State drive size is limited & you will quickly fill it to capacity & then try to figure out what you can do without or what you can put on a thumbdrive, etc.  If you put Windows 8 on it, you will notice a dramatic performance increase.Yes, I think this is useful for less resource intensive applications and does fine surfing the web.Note...I now only use this tablet as a back up since I have purchased a Samsung Slate 7 which is quite the impressive slate.------------------ I have modified my original review ----------My main needs for getting a new device were - High productivity & portability1) High productivity meant to me ability to run MS Office 2010, graphics editting, & other other windows applications2) Portability meant long battery life, small, lightweight, & ability to use without a keyboard.3) I also required that there be at least one USB portUnder-powered processor, small disk space, & low RAM causes performance problems with the above high productivity needs.I was carefully looking at getting an iPad, but it wouldn't fulfill my needs.* Battery Life: I believe I've gotten 6+ hours* Price: very reasonable, especially considering what you are getting* Touchscreen is very responsive & it supports at least 5 finger input <-- Unfortunately, there is no stylus that is great with this device, it's mostly for touch* Performance: -- There has been some speed sacrifice when switching from my old laptop that has 4gb RAM & much faster processor, but... -- It's not that big of a sacrifice - I don't use a lot of video files, so I can't give a lot review information on that topic, but I've watched possibly some Youtube with no problem. -- The sacrifice mostly comes when you are running multiple applications that are resource hungry**Major resource hogs have been, MS Access, Word, OneNote, paint.net (Graphic design)!-- Let Me Express & Stress that generally it runs very smoothly for lower proessor --!* When at home: -- Many, many times I've hooked up my large monitor (HDMI), a USB hub (Which has a wireless keyboard, CD burner, wireless mouse, & a thumb drive... --  Results? - You wouldn't even know you are using a tablet, it would appear as if you are using a regular PC.* Video/Graphics: --  Splendid from many angles --  Screen is bright/vibrant (Even for graphic design)* One of the main reasons I purchased this is because I wanted to use Office 2010 on it - And - It works(I know I mentioned a performance sacrifice, but not a large one)* The Feel of it: --  Very light weight (Even when the keyboard is plugged in) - Not too light where it feels like it will float out of my hand! --  Sturdy feel to it, doesn't feel like it's going to easily break. (Even when pressing on it) --  Good dimensions & buttons well placed <-- Although I now am sold on a little bit bigger screens --  On the top left corner it will get warm at times & occasionally a tiny fan will begin to run to cool it off...This fan is so quiet you don't even know it's running.* Worth Noting! --  SD Card Reader --  I'm so very glad it has Windows 7 on it- All of the applications I was used to using  --  Simply work! --  The web looks great, flash works perfectly, etc --  I wanted a Full OS, not a partial one for fun - Which means the W500 can handle regular Windows applications --  Once Win is booted, you can easily put it to sleep by the button on the side of it - Turn it back on with the same button. **From that point, it is available as quick as the unlock button on my iPhone - Immediately ready for use. --  Web surfing is a breeze & supports everything windows supports (Even flash, unlike many tablets out there)* I don't have to reboot it often* I love that it has 2 USB ports - Unlike many small tablets (Which usually have Andriod) --  My iPhone is completely supported (YES!!!)* Other Information: --  I have barely used the video/audio recording, so I can't comment to much on that, recorded about a minute of video from the rear camera & it looked fine. --  Note that some users may point out that the unit falls over easy when using the keyboard, I haven't found this to be a problem, I've used it many times on my lap. --  So, I feel very comfortable using the keyboard (I do usually use a wireless mouse with it anyway) --  You can adjust the screen angle some also* Cons:  (Not Many) --  I would like a larger hard drive, although I have stuck a 32gb SD Card in it so I have expanded memory space --  Under-Powered process & not enough RAM