Asus has designed a gorgeous tablet, with great features and aesthetics, but it isn't lacking in the fail department either. I'll get into the flaws later.First off, I loved the Transformer TF101. For my first tablet, I was absolutely amazed by the features Asus packed into it, along with top notch functionality. I used the original Transformer for everything, but in the end it just felt overweight and clunky. Man was that an awkward, and heavy tablet to hold for long periods! In steps the Prime, making its debut with the announcement from Asus only a month after I bought my TF101. My head got filled with ideas of something just as functional as my TF101, only newer, shinier, thinner, and most importantly LIGHTER! I sold my Transformer, and ordered the 32GB Prime the minute Amazon posted it... Then, I waited... and waited... and...Once I had the Transformer Prime in my hands, I immediately noticed how closely it resembled my neighbor's iPad2 in terms of weight/feel. Fantastic! The display is absolutely amazing, and the Tegra 3 processor is a beast! Gaming is awesome on the Prime, as I expected, but what about the Prime's usefulness in other areas that I used my TF101 for daily?Right off the bat, I noticed that the WiFi signal in my home was very weak, even 20 feet away from my router. I average about 2 bars of signal strength throughout my home if I'm lucky (with the original Transformer, I had full signal throughout). I brushed that off thinking that software might be to blame, so on to the next test. GPS.With my original TF, the GPS worked like a clock. With the Prime, it takes 10 minutes, at least, to get a lock on 3 or 4 satellites, only to find out that the Prime thinks I'm 200ft away from where I'm actually standing. The accuracy is HORRIBLE, and POOF! 3 seconds later, the Prime is searching for satellites again for another 5-10 minutes! A little searching around online, and I found out that there are a whole lot of people having the exact same issues I am, which brings me back to design.The metal backing on the Prime seems to have a negative effect on the WiFi signal, and the GPS reception, making both signals spotty and unreliable. I'm no longer convinced, after testing dozens of different apps for both WiFi and GPS, that this is a software issue. This is definitely an issue with faulty hardware, or a serious design flaw. Right now, I'm kicking myself for getting rid of my original TF and hopping on the "new and shiny" bandwagon like an Apple fanboy.I'm going to contact Amazon for a replacement to see if I might have received a defective unit (hopefully), but at this time, I can only give the Prime 2 stars. 1 star for the look/feel of the tablet, and another for the excellent display. I will update this review once my replacement arrives (hopefully sometime this quarter).Update: Since Asus has decided to come forward and admit that there is a major design flaw in the Prime, and removed GPS from their list of features, I've decided to ask Amazon for a refund instead of waiting for a replacement. For my money, I am pretty sure I can do much better with all the new tech coming out soon. Thanks to all who have contributed their experiences, and comments.