We've had the original iPad since last summer, and the entire family enjoyed having a new toy.  Last month, I picked up a Galaxy Tab 10.1 and the very first night I saw the dreaded oil slick; the LCD screen was touching the inside surface of the glass screen.  Had it replaced and I liked this Tab... had to get accustomed to Android, but it was all good... I like gadgets.  Three weeks later, the oil slick happened again.  So a little research via Google and I found that it's apparently not an uncommon problem with the 10.1.  So back to the store we go... do I get the iPad2, essentially more of the same of what we get from the iPad at home?  But wait, the Tab S will be released soon and I can get it without too much of a wait.The S arrives and of course the comparisons with the 10.1 begins.Immediately disappointed with the brightness, coming form the super-bright, super-contrasty 10.1, the S's screen seemed dim.  But after using it the past week, I will say that it's no longer a disappointment. It's more than adequate, I use it at about 85% brightness.In just about every way, it's about the same as the 10.1, with very few differences worthy of mentioning.Thin is cool, but the shape of the S really makes a difference, the tablet just seems more usable, more casual, easier to handle.  With the iPad and 10.1, I always felt "I've got something in my hand that I need to be careful with."  With the S, it's really much easier to hold and carry, and this makes the S easier to live with.Tried the IR, cool gadget but it will never replace my remotes.The kids (8 & 12) seem to like the S a whole lot more than the iPad and 10.1, can't figure that one out... same apps, music and movies on all, but they just use the S more, much more.Playstation games, nice addition for playing on the road.Size... it looks small, and feels small, like a 7" tablet, but it really isn't.  The size compares very well with the slightly larger 10.1 and iPad.Accessories... hate that Sony went with a proprietary AC charger, why didn't they go USB like everyone else?  I need a nice case/stand folio, not much available right now.Price... I cashed in $500 in rewards I had on a credit card, so I can't complain too much about my actual out-of-pocket, but I am still tinged with a little buyer's remorse for spending so much on a "toy".  More so today since I suspect prices may likely come down significantly because of the new Kindle Fire.  If I were advising a friend or family member, I'd tell them to wait a while to see if prices come down.All in all, a great device in a great package.  Although it does exactly what it is supposed to do, in a size and design that are big thumbs-up, I gave it a 4 star rating... all because of that stupid charger.UPDATE... 10/07/11.So it's been a couple of weeks, and I got tired of having that extra AC charger cable on the floor so I made it down to a Sony store to see the dock in person.  Now the charger port makes TOTAL SENSE!  You'd think that you can just place the dock on a desk or bookshelf for easy charging, but actually you need to put more thought into it's placement.  The S now becomes a digital clock or picture frame, and it's the perfect size to be both.  And the S just sits in the dock, very lightly, no aligning of contacts, or fumbling to get it plugged in just right... it essentially positions itself in the dock.  Changed my rating to 5 stars!But it also changes my plans for a folio case... I will now likely be using a slip case instead of a fitted case. Maybe the STM Skinny has an easy on/easy off design.  So I'll wait a few months for a variety of cases to be offered.