Most of the reviews I've seen for this tablet are for more general uses--email, web surfing, et cetera. There are only a few reviews geared specifically to artists, which comes as a surprise given the utility of this tablet for content creators.Let me tell you a bit about myself: I'm a cartoonist who works digitally, and I was tired of being chained to my desktop and Wacom tablet. Yes, I could have dragged out my Wacom tablet and laptop for some work outside the house. And I did, a few times, but the whole setup was so cumbersome that I preferred to avoid this. So there I was... Housebound. Not even just housebound--deskbound. All I wanted to do was sit on the sofa and draw, but I was stuck at my desk while the rest of the family hung out in the living room, watching TV.So I wanted an all-in-one solution. Something with all the power of my digital setup, with the ease and portability of a sketchpad. It had to have a good screen, Wacom sensitivity, and a decent battery.And getting to draw directly onscreen? Fuggedaboutit. Almost every digital artist I know dreams of owning a Cintiq, but with the base model coming in at around $1000, I wasn't getting one of those any time soon. And again, portability would be an issue. I also looked into buying a Modbook Pro, a tricked-out Macbook that's been converted into a tablet with a touchscreen and pressure sensitivity. But for all that, they ask several thousand dollars, which is way above my budget right now. I also considered the Samsung Galaxy, but I needed to be able to use all my usual programs, and those weren't available in the Android ecosystem.Enter: the Asus Eee Slate.Here it was. A Wacom-enabled tablet with a full operating system! I am in love with this machine. It's everything I hoped it would be. I now have the portability of a sketchbook with the ease and flexibility of a digital environment. The base model runs Manga Studio 5 without any hiccups, and I can create finished pages with multiple layers, at 600 DPI. Please bear in mind, though, that this is pretty much the only thing I use this machine for, aside from some light web browsing for reference photos. I guess I wasn't shopping for a tablet PC so much as a digital sketchbook, and at this, the EP121 excels.Re: the Wacom digitizer. I was a little worried that it only had 256 levels of pressure sensitivity. I'm used to working with 1024. But honestly, after I futzed with the pressure settings in my home program (Manga Studio) for a few minutes, the experience is as natural and responsive as ever. I don't see a difference between the lines I create with the EP121, versus my supposedly more-sensitive Wacom tablet. I also needed to get used to the fact that the cursor registers just a hair off of where I rest the pen tip, but all I needed was a few days to orient myself.I'm pleasantly surprised at how roomy the screen feels. I was used to working on a 20-inch monitor, so I was afraid that 11 inches would be a severe downgrade. It wasn't--the aspect ratio is a little odd, but it gives the illusion of more room. Also, the screen does rotate between portrait and landscape mode, which helps a lot.Battery is ok... It's about the same runtime I get with my laptop while running Manga Studio. The power brick is pretty light. I typically don't carry it unless I know I'll be parking myself at the library or coffee house for an hour or two. For drawing during my lunch break, I'm fine.So yeah... It's pretty clear I'm a fan of this machine. If you're an artist who's considering making the leap and buying this, I hope this review has helped. Even used, this thing isn't cheap. With the lack of artist-centric reviews out there, forking over the money was a little nerve-wracking. If you do decide to buy, I suggest buying an SD card for extra storage (my 32 GB model had just enough space to hold Manga Studio 5 and AVG Anti-Virus, though I had to delete poor ArtRage to do so). Also, think about buying some new pen tips for the stylus. I've found that any Wacom replacement nib will do. I like the Hard Felt Nibs.