I have owned two G Tablets for about 6 weeks.  I have become addicted.  I use mine primarily for web surfing, video streaming, monitoring my email, and as an ereader.  The available android browser and email software (aka Apps) is not as good as that on my laptop,  but it is good enough. I prefer the Dolphin browser, MailDroid for email. Actually, my laptop is getting lonely and jealous of the amount of time I spend with the GTablet. (of course, I am writing this on my laptop.  When I need to answer an email, I go over to my laptop. Then I go back to my recliner or couch and the GTablet.)I would not have gotten this much pleasure from the GTablet if I had not installed a third party ROM to replace the stock ROM that comes with the GTablet.  I went through Tnt Lite and Vegan which are Android 2.2 and give you full access to the Android market.  Now I am using Vegan Gingerbread (Android 2.3) and am looking forward to upgrading to Honeycomb (Android 3.x) in the next few weeks.The viewing angle is indeed not great.  But only when watching videos.  For anything else, it is, at best, a nuisance, hardly noticeable.  But when streaming a video or movie, I notice it.  That said, I watch a lot of streamed videos.  For me it is an irritant, not a deal breaker.Wifi is more than adequate.  I am frequently at least 50 feet from my wifi router. It is located in the basement. Last night I watched three episodes of a TV show with no problems.The battery is amazing.  Eight to ten hours.The Acer Aconia and the Asus Transformer are attractive, but reading their reviews, they also have issues you have to learn to live with.  Plus they are more expensive.  I got two GTablets for the price of one Xoom. The Acer cost 50% more, but I don't think I'd get 50% more value. I don't need a back facing camera.  An HDMI port would be nice, but I have only used the one on my laptop twice over a year.  I've got the same processor as the Asus, Acer, and Xoom.  I'll be getting Adroid 3 soon.If you absolutely have to buy a Tablet today, the Gtab is an excellent choice.  If I wanted to spend $450 to $600 dollars, I'd wait to see what comes out during the Christmas season.Support from Viewsonic is worthless.  But the support from the community of Gtab owners and programmers is priceless.  People get a lot of problems solved by knowledgeable community members on sites such as XDA developers, and slatedroid. I have directly benefited from this community when I ran into problems installing a new ROM. Of course not every problem gets solved.  But I think the odds are in the Gtablet owner's favor.The bottom line is that you must decide what you are comfortable with, how much you are willing to pay, and how long you are willing to wait.I understand the features and advantages of the newer tablets on the market today.  But I don't seem them as a superior value to what I've got.  I know that the Gtablet will serve me very well for a long time.  I reserve the right to change my mind 6 months from now.  But as of today, having had these Gtablets for six weeks, I'm very happy with what I've got.