Update #2:  I have FINALLY been able to read a kindle book off line on this tablet although it's far from a great experience. I don't know if what I did made the difference, but .... with wifi on and connected I enabled pop-ups.  Then I used the cloud reader link on the "app/link" page I'd created earlier, went to downloaded books (I'd "downloaded" four)and opened one and read some.  Pages don't turn well but it's doable if not fun.  Then I turned off the wireless but did NOT close the browser and was able to go back to it and continue reading.  However, I found that if you close the browser app you're done for; poof, it's all gone when you reopen it and you have to enable/connect the wifi and start all over again to get back to your book.  Oh, and Bing maps has finally more or less located me - twice and briefly - a few blocks from my actual location.Update:  Upon further reflection I'm going to upgrade the rating to .... 3 stars, I think.  It does a nice job with photos and videos (and music) and I don't expect something of this size to be much of a "work machine", just more of a fun "take along" as RugRat says, something in size between my iPhone (too small for much photo/video stuff) and my iPad (too big for a purse)and with somehow a sleeker feel and a little more easy versatility than my Kindle Fire.  Yahoo (sbcglobal) and gmail access work, web browsing is fine.  BUT - the location service still doesn't work, Blackberry tech support gets NEGATIVE stars, and the biggest problem - a deal-breaker really - is that I can't read my Kindle books without internet access.  I'm not going to carry around TWO 7" tablets, and in the war of Books vs Videos Books win hands down.Original Review:  I've had this for two days and so far I like the look and feel but not much else.  I've done two hard resets and made three calls to tech support who were if possible worse than useless.  On the first call I got a live person, I asked a question, was put on hold and disconnected after 6 minutes.  The second call disconnected AT the transfer, and on the third call I got a human again who mostly said things like "yeah, maybe" and "I don't know" and couldn't even explain or walk me through some of the basic steps I'd already done.  So far Bing Maps cannot "locate" me - at all - even though the other GPS-less but wifi devices next to it can.  Granted they are sometimes a few blocks off, but the Playbook just says "unable to locate - please try later" (I think trying repeatedly over two days is enough). And, try as I might, I've been unable to read - or even find - my supposedly "downloaded to the device" Kindle books while offline despite hours of searching and trying possible online "solutions " or work-arounds. They may have worked for some, but not on the unit I have.  When I asked the Blackberry rep for help with this issue he clearly didn't have any idea and first had me go through a bunch of things I'd already done that didn't work.  When I really pressed him on the subject - because if I can't figure out a way to do this I'm most likely returning it - he put me on hold for a few minutes and came back to say there was "no way I could read the Kindle books on the playbook."