Velocity in their infinite wisdow preloaded this reader with its bare bone and useless Cruz Marketplace, and no flash support; idiots.  Get this, they include a Youtube app but it doesn't work because the reader lacks the ability to load Adobe Flash. Their Cruz Marketplace is the digital version of 7-11 (small and limited apps and options); it won't give you access to the full Android Marketplace that you'd get via your Android mobile phone.  You'll need to "root" or hack their Android OS to get the Android Marketplace.Gawd, I wasn't expecting an iPad, but I didn't expect a second-rate reader/tablet, either.  My reader was a gift; had I bought it, I would have returned it the next day.  Velocity dropped the ball on this reader when they rushed, in my view, to market a reader that fell short with the absence of Adobe Flash.  The missing Flash support is a major gap which makes modest web surfing to be a task and a major disappointment as noted with its failure to play flash videos in Youtube and other fash-designed websites.  The Amazon Kindle in my view benefits from what Velocity failed to envision when it sent to market this product.Don't expect much support from the Velocity website either.  Moments ago I visited their website for a firmware update and found the question, "How do I update the firmware on my Cruz Reader R101, R102, R103?"  Users who rated the instructions as "useful" on how to update the firmware was 288 versus 2148.  In other words, less than 14% of users found the support as useful.If you settle for a basic reader, buy it.  If you want flash support that, at the very least, matches your Android phone, with moderate internet browsing (that plays Youtube videos and the like), skip it and buy something else.Soon after writing the review above, (which I stand behind), I searched online for a way to root the Reader (still looking for a way to unistall the crapware apps).  I found a forum that uploaded a modded "Macho Cruz" root file that, once installs, will 1) increase the speed of the unit, 2) installs several important apps, such as Gmail App, Google Maps, and Android Marketplace (the real deal that replaces the Cruz Market), and 3) fixes the functionality of Skyfire Internet Browser, which allows you to view flash videos via Youtube.  The nice thing about the Macho Cruz root file is that it asks for your Google Account (if you have one), and it will actually sync your Google Calendar (all the calendars if you have more than one) with the Cruz's stock (android) calendar!  Sweet!I recommend strongly, however, that you download the Dolphin HD browser from the Marketplace (after installing Macho Cruz), which is the fasted browser you can use for this reader.  Look hard enough online and you will find a modified Macho Cruz file that claims to speed up the reader even more (800 Mhz).December 2011 Update:  Since writing the review above, I have made several improvements to the reader.  I rooted the reader using modded file via Slatedroid (jgm, Rom rooted with market, busybox and app2sd script).  This rom improves on Macho Cruz by adding the ability to partition the internal micro SD card (or external SD card) and install apps that would normally exceed the paltry, less than 60mb internal memory in the OS that is left over from the 250mg max for apps.  I partitioned the micro internal sd card with a little over 1 gb of space using app2sd using jgm's instructions and have loaded the reader with several dozen apps in excess of the 60mb that are normally provided from the original factory settings.  The JGM room also allows superuser access via Terminal Emulator to uninstall factory and 3rd party apps, installing instead Android Market, Gmail, and Gmail calendar.  Once you have rooted the phone and uploaded the JGM rom, you can install GO Launcher Pro app (free via Android Market) which will noticeably sharpen the screen image, improve the responsiveness of touchscreen, and the upload time of installed apps.  I was finally able to delete the Border eReader app; the Borders app was useless; Borders stores went bankrupt and their Android app didn't allow me to delete downloaded ebooks.  I replaced the Borders app with Aldiko eReader which gave me access to royalty-free classics and for-pay options.  I also recommend downloading NPR App, BBC, and Time apps for news reading, and audio listening (again, don't expect video playback in flash).  I recommend strongly to use a stylus in lieu of your fingers (your screen and sanity will thank you).I have yet to play flash videos; mp4 playback work reasonably well, but I am not willing to go as far as converting all my video files from flash to mp4.  I am hopeful that someone within the Slatedroid forums will be able to develop a "superuser rom" that will allow the reader to install and use Adobe Flash for video playback.  I'll update if I succeed in this endeavour.Since writing the review, I have grown to like the reader for basic uses (eReading/Twitter/Mobile Facebook/Email uses), have tolerated basic/limited web browsing, but still feel highly annoyed at the HUGE gap in utility as a result of missing Adobe Flash support.This reader should have been what the Kindle Fire is now, a solid Ipad alternative for true media browsing and consumption via movie playback, Netflix compatibility, and rich web browsing.Sigh.