First, a little background about myself. (EDIT: After sleeping on it, I've decided to give it 2 stars instead of 1. I was annoyed yesterday and my expectations were probably set too high). I'm not a picky person (it usually does not take much to make me happy). I'm a 44 year old computer engineer that does various web work for a living. My wife got an iPad 2 a few months ago (I don't like Apple as a company, so the iPad is not a consideration) and my best friend, as well as my brother just got Android tablets, so I thought I'd "get with the times" and get one too. I've had this device for a week now.I've been disappointed with almost every aspect of this device and just boxed it up to return to Amazon. I bought the THRiVE because my brother bought one and recommended it (and he researches these things to death). I liked the idea of expandability with all the ports.USING A USB DRIVE: I have around 25,000 songs (85GB) in MP3 format on a USB drive and had hoped I would be able to hook it up and listen to them. First, I found out that the drive has to be in exFAT format. That wasn't that big of a deal. It took about 6 hours to backup, reformat in exFAT, and copy my data back onto the drive. That was a one time thing, so it was annoying but not a deal killer. I then plugged in the drive to the THRiVE and went to the file manager and I got a screen that said "Please wait". I estimate that if I had of actually waited, it would have taken about an hour for it to do whatever it was doing and display my files (25000 MP3s plus a few thousand other files). So, I went straight to the music player and it actually showed all my music. I picked a song and started playing it. Half way through the song it stopped playing and I got a force close. After that I was getting force closes on everything I tried to do, so had to turn off the unit.BROWSING: I did not like the browser it came with at all (it had major lag when typing). I got the Dolphin browser which I use on my Droid X and it was a lot better, but still had quite a bit of lag when trying to play a game on FaceBook.MISC: The THRiVE came with an app called LogMeIN. That app didn't work at all. It connected to my desktop and showed me an image of the screen, but I could not make any selections or control the mouse. I had the whole tablet lock up one other time and required a power cycle to correct and have received various force closes here an there in other apps.I'm teaching myself Japanese and I did find a couple of good Japanese language apps that worked well, but I can use these on my Droid X or even on my Asus Netbook just as well.To sum up, maybe I had too high of expectations about what a tablet is suppose to be able to do. This tablet (and so far no other tablets) have been able to do what I need them to do well.