Well, well, well, I finally bought an iPad. I was originally against it and bought the Asus Transformer first. It's not the greatest thing in the world, but the operating system and features are good in their own way. I might one day sell it and buy a Prime, since I like certain things about Android better. The main part that I don't like is the speed it operates at. (Lags a lot). But this is not about Android; it's about the iPad.Ok, so the main reason that I was against the iPad and Apple products was it's use of slave children to make them and the exclusivity of the operating system. Slave children part? Still an issue. But the main reason I ended up buying one was the promise of Apple of making textbooks for college available on them. I had waited so long for it, too. How convenient is that? No more aching back and such. SSOOOOOOOO nice! And the exclusivity of the operating system? It's honestly not as bad as people had made it out to be. For the most part, things work really well in all aspects for the iPad and there's really only a few websites that I have gone to that don't play videos. I don't play flash games, so that's not an issue. But for reals, the iPad has the best apps and they're tailored specifically for it. The best example is Splashtop, which remotely accesses your computer. It certainly is NOT optimized for the Transformer. The greatest thing is that I can actually watch movies streamed from my computer in bed! When it comes to the processing power, I have been told that the components are the same for both of my tablets, but the iPad plays streaming video a whole lot better. And it also does just about everything better.....except for the widgets. Why can't Apple design widgets for the iPad??? That's why I like the operating system of Android better, plus you can customize it better and surf files better and generally get a more user-oriented experience. Once again though, the apps for iPad ARE better and there ARE more of them, (though not a whole lot). It quickly does hit a brick wall and the apps fall dramatically in quality. Most of the apps that are truly useful, you will find on both. Itunes though is a b*tch and I truly do not enjoy using it. This cuts back to the point I made that files are easier to work with on Android products. If you can climb successfully up the iTunes learning curve, you will do well, but you shouldn't enjoy it, if my experience is anything to go on. So, that's about all I have to rant about right now. If you're like me, you'll just blow your money and get an Apple product AND and Android product. Both good, but for now, the iPad is MUCH better. I swear, sometimes I just want to hold it and fall asleep with it. Oh, and just as a quick afterthought, the next generation of iPads need more quick-access buttons, just like Android. There should be a menu button, back button, (that doesn't just take you back to the main screen), and a quick-switch multitasking button. If they did this, the iPad would truly reign supreme. Thanks for a great product!