I had been considering the samsung galaxy tab 10.1 for the longest time and was about to give in and buy it when I heard that there were going to be some new contenders in the android market, the sony tablet and the amazon tablet. The amazon tablet turned out to lack the features I needed (10 inch size, cameras, and memory) even with it's great price so I went with the sony tablet - and I'm glad I did.The sony tablet is expensive, same price platform as the samsung but still expensive. Unlike the samsung and the ipad, this one does have a plasticky feel, somehow that doesn't seem to bother me, I like that it doesn't feel heavy and breakable, it seems well built and does have a nice finish to it.What I love about this tablet is the weight distribution, I love it as an ereader. I can hold this thing in my hands for long periods of time and I do not feel the fatigue that I would with it's competitors. The screen is great, I've sat outside on the deck and read books, watched newscasts, and played games and every time I have felt that I made the right choice.Due to the fact that this is an expensive toy, I also ended up buying a squaretrade warranty and an armorsuit screen protector, hey if you're spending $600 you may as well protect that investment.I love the remote control option, it comes in handy when one wants to mess with their husbands head! It works on all the media in my house and is a cinch to set up. The SD card port and the USB port are invaluable (and they work!), the charger is a pain, I'm constantly afraid it's going to fall out or break and replacements are not cheap.Overall, it's a good tablet, almost all the android tablet are running the same software with tweaks, it comes down to a matter of preference. So, I would recommend you go out and look at them all in person, I did that, I was not shocked when my tablet came in the mail, I knew what I was getting.UPDATE: I've had this for a little over a month now, and I keep loving it even more. The apps open fast with no lag time, the screen is bright enough that I have it at about 30% percent brightness for normal viewing. I have not had to reset the device once, that may be saying something for the few apps I have but it has not had to be reset once and that, to me, is a good thing. The type of apps I'm running on my tablet are the usual array of angry birds, cut the rope, some kids learning games, cnn, calendar and business apps, pdf scanning apps etc, so maybe the load is light but it works for me.I've video conferenced with my mother on skype while she was using her ipad, once again I had no problems. Will update more as time goes by.BATTERY ISSUE: Mine did drain battery life very very fast, however I ended up getting a juice defender app and the battery life has steadily gotten better, I do hook mine up to the charger every night so it will be fully charged in the morning but I have noticed a difference since I added a battery saving app.UPDATE: 5/12 - Sony has since pushed out two updates since I bought the tablet. The first one fixed the wifi issue of long connectivity times and the second one has increased battery life. I don't particularly care for the new update since it's taken away a couple of features I liked such as having the widgets, wallpapers, and apps on the same application so I could make changes to my home page without going to different places. Also viewing html emails through the email app is difficult. I'm hoping they solve these issues with another update one that doesn't take so long to arrive. Still love my sony - wouldn't trade it for the world, music streaming from the Amazaon mp3 cloud is great since I connected it through bluetooth to my wireless boombox. The black background feature on the Kindle app is great for reading at night. And I still haven't had to reset it once (touch wood).