So we have had our Toshiba Thrive for about a week.  Love it.  The screen is quite nice.  Sound good.  New Android 3.1, Honeycomb Operating System awesome!  What Toshiba has added such as the Toshiba Media Player, just add to the wonderfulness.I have had the IPAD 2 since the beginning of September and liked it at first..... then the limitations just blew me away!-Example when emailing with the IPAD 2, I cannot attach files from different locations.  Instead I have to open the app, choose my document or picture and then email it from there.  If I have more than one attachment, I have to send separate emails for each!  This is just silly!-With the Thrive I open my email, be it gmail or outlook or any other acct. that I may have created, compose an email and click on attach and voila!  I have access to most of the folders in my Thrive.  So instead of opening each program, I open the folder where my document or picture is and attach.  I can do this numerous times using the same email that I am composing!  Wonderful!!!!-Another limitation with the IPAD 2 is the keyboard.  I can only use the IPAD keyboard.  If I want to convert handwriting to text, I have to buy an app such as Phat Pad, use the handwriting to text capability, then copy and paste into a word document or email.  You can use speech to text with the Dragon app but again.....  you have to copy and paste into the program that you want it in.  Again this is just silly!-With the Thrive I can download an app such as the Tflex-9, which uses all of the following:  - handwriting to text - Dragon speech to text - and a keyboard that has slide capability for selecting numbers or other symbols.  This will work in all the programs that I open in the Thrive.  I do not have to copy and paste.  Another cool keyboard is the Thumb Keyboard which splits the keyboard so that your fingers don't have to stretch to the middle of the tablet and it also has arrow keys that are sometimes just so much more convenient then selecting with your finger.-The Thrive does not have Netflix yet but it does have ADOBE FLASH support unlike the IPAD 2.  How irritating is that!  Especially when you go to the news sites on the web and you want to watch a news video.... OOPS.... YOU CAN'T DO THAT WITH THE IPAD!!!!.-I could go on and on.  I find the features on the HONEYCOMB OPERATING SYSTEM, once you discover them all, because there are many, just so much more convenient than the IPAD 2.  Not to mention what TOSHIBA  has added to the mix.-Oh! But wait, I almost forgot about Ports & Expansions - HDMI port (full-sized) for 720p video output - 2 USB ports (1 full-sized, 1 mini-USB) - Dock connector port  and - Secure Digital (SD) card slot, compatible with SD, SDHC, and SDXC media.  You can download documents with a thumb drive, as well as pictures.  You can transfer your music or back up the music you have purchased onto the thumb drive.  I mean, really.... How convenient is that!-My husband, who also has an IPAD 2,  bought the Camera Connection Kit and when he plugged the SD card from his camera into it, the IPAD indicated that there were no pictures on it!  So what is the purpose?  What a waste.  It may have been defective, but why should we have to buy so many accessories!-My husband and I have been so frustrated with our IPAD 2s that we finally broke down and invested in the TOSHIBA THRIVE.  The price was great and the case we got for it was very reasonable and fits quite well without adding tons of weight. (BLUREX Leather ULTRA-SLIM folio Case With convertible StandWhat more can I say.  If you are looking for a tablet you may want to consider the THRIVE, or any other one that has MULTIPLE PORTS and uses the HONEYCOMB OPERATING SYSTEM.Toshiba Thrive 10.1-Inch 32 GB Android Tablet AT105-T1032 Black