The Toshiba Excite 10While checking out the latest batch of Tegra 3 Tablets I stumbled upon the Toshiba Excite 10.  I had no idea it was even on sale yet and decided to give it a try considering I really wanted a Tegra 3 Tablet.SCREEN The Excite 10 screen is getting a lot of press lately for light bleeding around the edges.  Honestly, the bleed was present in both of the Excite 10s that I tried but, it only showed up when the device was booting up and I could never see it during normal operation at all.  In fact, the screen during everyday use is actually brilliant and sharp.I honestly have no complaints about the screen whatsoever, it is bright, has good contrast, and the viewing angles are excellent.I would rate this a 4 out of 5 because there are better displays out there but it is certainly a big reason to buy this tablet.BUILDThe body is made of a light weight aluminum with matte finish and the screen uses Gorilla glass.  This seems like a fairly solid device thanks to the build materials but, the first Excite 10 I used, began to separate at the corner above the power button and the aluminum pulled away from the plastic bezel.basically, I would rate this a 3 out of 5 as it seemed a little fragile for the materials used.PORTSStandard ports for the Excite 10 are 1 HDMI, 1 MicroUSB, an oversized proprietary charging port, and one Full Sized SDXC Card Slot.The biggest benefit to this tablet is the SDXC Card Slot in that it allows you to use 128 Gig Cards and this should be a major win but, Toshiba decided to mount the card in such a way that you cannot move apps to the card and you pretty much have to use their file manager to move any files onto the card.CAMERASA Tablet to me isn't really a good device for taking pictures with and I don't know why anyone would want it for that. Honestly, I think tablets should save people money and just put the front facing camera on them.Either way, both cameras in this tablet are horrible and even though the front facing camera is 2 MP, it is about the same quality as the .3 MP front facing camera in the iPad 2 and 3.SPEAKERSSpeakers have decent sound and way more options than any other on the market.  However, they simply aren't loud enough if you have any background noise at all and if you have a stand, you will muffle the sound as the speakers are locate on the bottom of the tablet in landscape mode.Overall, they're nice but nothing special, I give this a 3 out of 5.FEATURES There are few defining features to this Tablet and that isn't cool because there are enough points that detract from the tablet.I guess I would say, the best point about the tablet is that the GPU simply is the fastest running of all the Tegra 3 devices.  Also, there are very few mods to the ICS implementation and, the SDXC support is nice to have for storing movies, music and the like.AESTHETICS & FINISHFor the most part, the Excite 10 is really pleasant to use and it is a very stylish Tablet.  ICS is pretty much stock with a few exceptions and there is never a hint of slowdown on day to day use, even with Multiple Apps running in the background.SOFTWAREThe tablet has a very nice multimedia center which allows the device to act as a DLNA Receiver or Server.  Also, log me in ignition is one of the most expensive apps in the play store and Toshiba bundles it for free.CONCLUSIONI really wanted to Love the Toshiba and it was a tablet that I would have kept and been very happy with, if not for the fact, that the second one I received locked up sometimes as many as 2 to 3 times a day.  Ultimately, what appears to be QC issues has me returning the Toshiba and trying out other devices...  I can not honestly recommend this tablet based on these issues.