I have been a Creative fan since I bought my first MP3 player a few years ago.  Since then I have bought everyone in the family one.  Creative builds quality products that is comparable to any on the market.  With that I will give you my thoughts on the ZiiO.This was my first Android product I have ever used and I can tell you it is a excellent tablet especially for the price. It is very easy to drag and drop music and video files without converting anything.  The ZiiO accepts a wide array of different audio/video formats.  I wanted a tablet that was more useful than an IPOD touch for movies, e-books, web surfing etc.  Granted it will not fit in your pocket but it is no bigger than an steno pad.  Some people complained about the resistive touch screen but I find the IPAD touch screen to be twitchy. This is a total non-issue.  I think the tablets speed and performance are up to date with the industry standards in this price range.The audio quality is where Creative made its money in the past and they incorporated that into the new ZiiO.  The internal speakers are probably the best on the market.  With the bluetooth feature you can stream music to speakers or headphones.Those that wanted to wait for Android 2.2 the wait is over.  As of March 25 you can download the 2.2 firmware to your ZiiO.  My ZiiO came in the mail the same day and I updated to 2.2 right away so I cannot tell you what 2.1 system was like.  The standard web browser on 2.2 is very good.  I don't know if I will even put another browser on it or not.  It is that good.I really wanted the Kindle App but I had trouble downloading it on the ZiiO.  So after upgrading to 2.2 I looked at my apps and low and behold there was the Kindle app.  It must have been bundled with the new 2.2 operating system.  I had no indication that any of my attempts to download Kindle had worked.  After that I was a happy camper.  I was looking at a Kindle but wanted something that did more than read for only 100.00 bucks more.  The e-book reader on ZiiO is fine I just do a lot of business on Amazon so it was an obvious choice for me.  Of course its about 6 oz heavier than a kindle but that is still about 8 oz lighter than an IPAD.  I have not read outside in the sun yet but i can read at night in bed without having a book light on.  You can black out the screen and have white letters.  My wife likes that.  If I want to read on the beach I guess I will go old school.My only complaint is I wanted a 16 GB version but there were none available when I made the purchase.  I now see that they are available again.  My advice would be to buy the 16 GB version.  A 16 GB SD card will cost you about 25 anyways.In conclusion I would say if you are looking for a low price tablet that works very well this is the one for you.  I bought a netbook and this tablet for the price of the IPAD.  Lets be real, the IPAD, ZiiO and the other tablets are mostly for entertainment purposes.  In this role the ZiiO shines and is a bargain to boot.