I have S970 running Windows 8 Release Preview and will get the upgrade to Windows 8 Pro for $14.99 if you click on the skytex site for more info. In any case I had wrote Jasper to make the Wireless  really standout, along with internet, and our local area network transfers. Homegroups, Workgroups etc. System is tweak too. Once that is done you got a true touch screen tablet to leave your home or small business to use on the road or while traveling..Pro:Intel Dual Core N550 1.5GHz once tweaked you can use high power or balance (to save on the battery) I get 4 hours on High Power settingVery Fast System and Screen Writes are quick too.LED 9.7" HD 1024x768 roughly 720p, 2GB DDR3 RAM, 320GB HDD, 32GB max for MicroSD, HDMI, 2x USB 2.0 ports,  Full Stereo Speakers, Bluetooth.Web Cam 1.3mp.Build QualityCon:Weight but just .14oz more than the next SurfaceCarry CaseIf you want to use this on your desktop you can get a nice stand from Amazon and Logitech K260 wireless keyboard and mouse. No drivers to install and your up and running. The tablet comes with Windows 7 Home Premium, but I rather use Windows 8 True Touch Screen features. I can remote into network LAN systems or remote control other system on LAN Homegroup, Workgroup, H-Domain or C-Domain.Technically speaking this is a Windows PC not Android PC Tablet. So whatever you could do on your old netbook, laptop, desktop or workstation you can do on the S970 very easy. There is access to Microsoft new Store but there are a few apps and games to try or get for free. But some really cool apps to really use are for free. Windows 8 is divided into to UI (user interfaces) there is a the new sliding tiles and the original My Computer old school icons. That one has changed there is no more start button. That's now hidden on the side you can active it with your finger touch or using a mouse. I believe by the time Windows 8 Pro becomes available fully the S970 will be a very good tablet to use even more. I've loaded Chrome on it to access my Gmail and etc. You can also download apps like normal. I've installed the full Office 2010 on it. It does comes with a starter version.Right now I am have good time with it. Even though I own 3x Quad-desktops, 3x laptops, more then 10x Android tablets this one stands out the more right now is the S970 by Skytex.Update as of 7.19.12I've replace the Windows 7 Home Premium and Windows 8 Preview 32-bits with Windows 7 Ulimate 64-bit! Much better with 64-bit. To keep things moving along I use Toolwiz Care free as with all versions of Windows Client or Server still needs to be kept clean to works smoothly.Update 9.23.12Battery just discharged completely. Won't charge at all. BIOS reports no battery installed. battery was completely charged prior to this. I've contacted SKYTEX directly so they're sending me a replacement battery.Update 11.11.12Learning that the weakest part of this tablet is the battery. Even if I replace it what SKYTEX has sent me (no instructions) but if you run into this be very careful you don't damage your panel. Also the new battery will have a short life too. Seems the batteries use are not as good as I had thought.Update 12.19.12Finally got the panel off to install the battery, but what I was sent was used! Like they pulled it out of another Skytab and sent it to me. These batteries inside are cheap and the power connector on the motherboard is module type so it can be replaced. But it's stuck on with some sort of electric tape. Mine is broken and I was trying to fix it myself. Then there is a S30 pin for iPad connector. They Skytex said it won't work with iPad connector. Okay so now what. I say buy Surface or another tablet for Windows. As you can read all the reviews most here know how this tablet really works. Battery is the weakest and the BIOS goes into a demo mode. When I had replaced the battery the demo mode still shows up.Poor service, poor product, too bad the panel was HD 720p but still sharp if you can live with the battery issue which was the primary reason it's a tablet and not a desktop!