After the initial joys of unboxing and once the new Kindle Fire owner turns on their device, they will be met with some issues that may leave them a touch unsatisfied.  The most glaring of these is the lag.  One of the first things I tried after booting up (and waiting for the update, along with a lengthy reboot), was to start playing some of the music I had residing in my Amazon Cloud drive.  With music playing in the background to accompany my Kindle Fire experience, I decided to do some multitasking and take the Amazon newsstand for a test drive.Amazon's magazine newsstand has a lot of attractive covers to peruse, but once it came down to me scrolling down to look at more, that's when it hit.  Rather, that's when it stopped.  The device came to a complete stop and there was a 20 second hang where it wouldn't even take inputs.  I don't think it was the connection, as I was sitting right next to the wireless router.  After the hang, I tried scrolling more.  Again, more hangs.  This is not a smooth browsing experience.  I exited the store and decided to see if it was evident in other areas of the device.Amazon videos, Amazon shopping, Amazon music....these apps all had a ragged scrolling issue, along with input lag and unresponsiveness, particularly when fetching new data.  I tried the new Silk browser...oddly enough, no lag or hang ups at all!  I could be wrong, but I think some of the lag in some of the Amazon apps is related to how they are programmed to prefetch data.  They just doesn't seem to be doing any prefetch at all.Multitasking on the Fire, particularly when streaming media/music from the cloud drive is an issue.  The problem with this is that Amazon is heavily advertising the cloud storage/streaming aspect of this device, in lieu of having a lot of onboard or removeable storage.  One relatively simple function shouldn't be having such a huge impact on other areas of the device.  I have a Kindle DX, which I love, and know all about input lag.  I'm used to it on the e-ink device; it's an affect of the technology.  But on a dual core Android tablet?  It's just not acceptable.Now that I have just about all of the glaring bad out of the way, the good is that overall, it is a nice, tidy little device.  It feels very comfortable to hold and use.  It feels valuable.  The screen is beautiful.  The stereo speakers don't sound like a speakerphone and actually have detectable bass. The interface is very intuitive and absolutely un-Android-like.  There is a lot of potential in this inexpensive tablet and I am eager to play with it more, seeing what Amazon has in store for it.  Most of the issues I mentioned would seem to be fixable in OS and app updates, which I anticipate in the coming weeks.  If you can get past these niggling issues, then by all means, be an early adopter!  Fair warning though: the lag will put a damper on your new gadget euphoria.