11/30/12: Just an update, I had given this good initial reviews, but a lot has changed! A couple of weeks ago, the power button suddenly stopped working, apparently a common issue. I submitted a trouble ticket, but have yet to hear back, which apparently is happening to others as well. I could live with the fact that it wasn't really as good as an ipad and that it wasn't going to get any further android upgrades, but it's pretty apparent Le Pan isn't committed to supporting this product.Some of my own expectations changed along the way too. I bought it with the main intent of using it as an ereader and not much else.  Well, once you get a tablet you eventually start to explore its media options, but this one wasn't up to the task. It's hard for me to say if failures were a result of tablet hardware, the android OS, or the apps, but simple stuff like browsing the web was imperfect due to app crashes, slowness, etc. Like I said, assigning blame is tough, but I'm now a bit leery of the Android OS and the apps designed for that OS. I'm an iphone user, so I'm used to things (mostly) working smoothly, and Android just seems half baked in comparison.So, I'm parting ways with this tablet and probably going with an ipad. I probably could have lived with this if the power button hadn't broken, but this episode made me realize that sometimes settling for something isn't worth it.Original review: This is the first time I've really felt compelled to write a review, only because the reviews helped me come to a decision on this particular product.  I was in a position where I didn't really want a tablet; I have a desktop, laptop, and iphone that provide enough for my tech needs.  But I recently moved and am in a position where I am riding a train to work, and I am currently working on PhD research, so hauling binders worth of articles isn't practical.  So, I thought of getting an ereader to help ease the burden.Going back to my original thought of not wanting a tablet, that really drove my decision making. At first, I was only looking at your garden variety 6" e-readers, but my articles have lots of tables, so I worried how pdf's would convert to e-reader format (I've read that software is very hit or miss). The 10" kindle seemed like it would hit the spot, but it's pricey for a rather specialized product.  The 7" tablets seemed ok, but a little too small for the multicolumn articles I read. I thought that the only way to go would be the ipad.But a little more searching yielded this product, which obviously has some good reviews (some not so good too).  It seemed like a no-brainer, get the size and functionality I need at a price that won't leave me feeling too guilty. So I've had this a couple of days, so I may amend this review later, but so far it's working great. Of course, given my need, the first thing I fired up was the adobe reader and looked through a few of my articles.  Essentially like reading them on printed paper, which is what I wanted. I haven't had any freezing issues (yet) and upgraded to the latest firmware to be safe.Although I'm giving this 5-stars (it does everything I want and need), there is one caveat. The screen, while great in terms of size, is not nearly as responsive as the ipad's. But it works, and I'm hoping it'll be a great resource for my research. Like I said, this product seems to be the perfect combination of price and features.New addition 2/17/2012: Having used this for a few weeks, I can confirm that it's still a great product. I've made some minor tweaks, I've rooted the tablet to gain more control and access to different apps.  I've installed an LCD Density adjuster to gain a little more screen real estate, and Launcher Pro, to resolve a minor annoyance of the home screen not rotating with the stock Launcher. Even without those tweaks, though, I was quite happy with it.  As with anything tech related, you can always make changes here and there to suit your preferences.For the more tech saavy and adventurous users, you'll be happy to know that folks in the XDA community are almost done with work that will allow LePan users to install Gingerbread on the TC970.  Go to lepanlife dot com for more info on that. I'm on the fence of whether to try it or not, Froyo works fine for me, but there may be some apps where I might need Gingerbread or higher.