this iPad is a piece of JUNK with so many issues that you can praise Apple for their marketing hype that makes the lousiest product look like a hot one !!!My brother-in-law works at Apple, and even at Apple they don't allow staff to talk about bugs, issues and customer complaints about the ipad.Anyway, you might want to read reviews about it before spending $500 and up on an ipad, especially with the new Android tablets coming up soon with Honeycomb.Here is a summary of issues with the iPad (most are reported here):- you cannot print anything from it. period. not even your e-ticket confirmation. plain dumb !- no real multitasking, even their "fix" is not a real multitasking, but good enough for the masses- you cannot watch Flash-enabled sites. this includes numerous e-learning sites and most video and games on the Internet.- problematic WiFi support. Apple did it again, even with their wireless access point. Don't expect to use that in a hotel with WiFi. At least 2/3 don't work with there!- impossible to synchronize to a PC that does not have an Intel chip. good luck on that one, since you MUST at least synchronize it once!- no camera, whether front facing or rear facing- no USB ports,- no easy way to organize a file system and transfer/copy,- no easy way to print your files, no interaction with office productivity software (Office),- on-screen keyboard is not practical, if you need to type a bit, use a REAL laptop- screen resolution is 4:3 so you see movies with huge black bars,- there is no HDMI out so you can't connect it to your new LCD,- no SD or other card readers for your photos,- screen is glossy so you can't read on it outdoors,- ridiculously low storage space (even netbooks have over 200gb now)- very fragile and slippery in your hands (one drop could kill the screen)- much pricier than alternative tablets like Archos with way more features and openness- you cannot change the browser for a better one. remember Apple is a closed system- expensive data plans if you use 3G- no support for email attachments. feels like back in the 1990's.- to watch movies from your PC, you have to download a video converter, or buy them from iTunes- Air Video (which enables you to watch videos you have loaded into iTunes) only works with a few routers, and notably not with any AT&T; Routers at all- no tethering to anything- no common laptop/netboook features: security software, voice recorder, or calculator- extraordinarily fragile device, do not drop it on your carpet, it WILL break.- heavier than you think. You won't be able to hold it in your hand for long.- cannot rest flat on a table or your lap, you will block the WiFi antenna behind the Apple logo and weaken your WiFi signal.And finally, to do anything you need on the iPad, you still need to connect it regularly to a PC or a Mac. You have to connect in order to sync up your latest podcasts and media files. You need to sync to get OS updates. You need to sync in order to get your latest business documents on the iPad.Now you can make your own informed decision about buying an iPad or not, and if you got one already, you can understand better why you can't do certain things that you could do on a normal laptop.