I have owned this for 2 months now and purchased it about 2 weeks before the Toshiba Thrive came out so I was fully ready to return it after all I heard about the Thrive. The fact that I still own the Icona A500 tells the tale. I have had no crashes. I find the multiple I/O connections very useful. I placed 4 movies (dvds I converted to H264)on an 8gb micro SD before a 5 1/2hr auto trip. The movies looked great. Since I was driving the kids watched 2 movies and played video games on the A500 the rest of the trip and I found plenty of battery left when we arrived. That was at a 50-60% screen setting. Since then I've used desktop controller software to stream Netflicks to the tablet from my laptop, I use GPS & navigation software from Google it looks very good on this screen along with spreadsheet & word document programs (while Excel spreadsheets on Android are not as full featured, they suffice for day to day tasks. Sheets created on a regular computer are easily readable). I use many other Android programs daily such as readers and such and while some of the developers are still working on their code the A500 does fine. The Thrive boasts a full size SD and replaceable battery, however after trying it for a day I found the higher price of the Thrive for a 32gb, which is what my A500 is, was not worth it. The Thrives extra battery is pretty well $100 by the time you pay sales tax. Since that was a major selling point for me,the fact that I would be spending  around $700 by the time I got extra battery was a downer. The display is not any better then the A500.Come on, you can get a pretty good, small, full on lap top for $700. And to date the A500 has not failed in coming through a days work without battery to spare for me.Although I would not fault the Thrive for its thickness, it's comfortable in your hand, by the time you get a cover of some kind on it didn't fit well in the brief case space I have for a tablet. I tried the ASUS. I found it to be very nice and thin. The display was fine. But its lack of I/O ports had it off of my list of choices very quickly. The Xoom wow, all I can say is Motorola should have been little easier on all the hype or spent more time on R&D; before they put out a tablet in that price range.It was not long in my possession. It's pretty, but for the money the A500 put it to shame. The Galaxy Tab 10.1 is the thinnest tab I tried. It's display is remarkable there's no question in my mind it has the best display,but, once again it's expensive and, like the IPad it's created to compete against, it has no I/O options other than its own special plug. That is just plain a killer problem for me. I wanted a tablet for help with my calendar, a convenient way to read email, download a forgotten document,show customers pictures & PDF files of products and reading Microsoft Office files. Along with that I use it to take pictures to show customers products from a stores, record work to done or even documents. Normally I would have to get my camera out but the 5mp camera on the back really does great.I can pop a flash drive for quick access to files. Add to that, when I get stuck waiting for someone or want to relax for awhile (tune out at lunch) I can read a book on it or watch a movie. All that taken into account it does everything I need.I feel it is absolutely the best choice for my money.