I'll have to agree with what others are saying here.Pros: Easily competes with the other tablets out there, and then some. The USB port comes in more handy than I (as a non gadget geek) would have thought. For kicks and giggles, it will easily accomodate anything you plug into it. I successfully used a basic Microsoft wireless mouse with it. Also,Netflix is a big bonus. I've noticed the grainy quality when the video first starts, however I can firmly say this is Netflix related, as it also happens on my wii streaming. It involves something with how Netflix downloads and streams, and SHOULD clear up fairly quickly. My third pro is the adobe compatibility. No, this isn't Acer centric, but it is in fact something that should be kept in mind. Even with some other tablets I wasn't seeing full adobe flash capabilities (and the I pad, pfft). Without adobe, or adobe lite even, your literally missing out on parts of the internet. You'll be plagued with little squares with a question mark where the content should be. However, with the adobe update, content on just about every flash/video site appears just fine.Initially I thought even Facebook app games were just too much for a tablet to handle. But alas, after some tinkering and a download of adobe air, I had access to these games and apps as well (although, its a bit of a lag but nothing significant.)As for the cons: I'm likely nitpicking here, but this tablet certainly is not the lightest. But as I heard from another user-"if the weight is a problem for you, you probably should work out a little more." In the Iconia's defense, it has a darn good reason which is the USB port. And in all honesty, it does not make that much of a difference. Sure, it can't be tossed around like a xoom or I pad, but it isn't any heavier feeling than the Toshiba thrive or Asus.I don't crave simplicity, but, the UI is fun but also a little more complex than I would like. It takes all sorts of maneuvers, holds, clicks and dras-which is fine aside from one thing-theresna very limited amount of instructions out of the box, leaving me to sit and tinker around with it.Although mice do in fact work, mine was a tad slow. I changed the battery, and it still lagged behind my movements.The keyboard is bordering on too sensitive. If I am just slightly off of a letter, it will type them both. However, I can get around that with practice and I believe there are other keyboards to be downloaded.All in all, I initially feared not going with the thrive or Asus, but I don't regret this purchase at all. I think Acer got the concept of a tablet right. Is it as functional as a laptop? No. Does it do more than an ipad or even one of its competitors? Yes.I got mine at about $370 total although at some point one could get a new one for much less. I easily would spend the average market price of 400 for this, as it might not be perfect (yes, I did experience a force close), but its probably a tablet best kept secret. There isn't any Hipster marketing Ad campaign for it, but trust me, if there was, it would probably be selling a lot more than it is now.Update 9/17/12--Something happened. I blame Android but then again I am not tech savvy. As of ICS update, and the one before (I cannot recall, a minor 3.x.x) my tablet is slow and freezes constantly. I don't know why. I have rebooted, reset, everything. Its a shame, because ICS is supposed to be Da Bomb :/