I'm an Apple fan. I have 2 15 inch MacBook Pros and I think they are the best laptops I've ever used productivity wise. And I've used and owned many, many laptops. I used the original IPad for a while and then switched to IPad 2 when it came out. I love how fast and responsive the IPad 2 is and the amount of time I could waste on the seemingly endless amount of apps. The touchpad is not as fast as the IPad 2, not every app opens immediately on it, sometimes you have to wait for a second or two, and you don't have that many apps in the app market. But the Touchpad does everything I WANT it to do. I never have to turn on my laptop to visit thedailyshow.com because Touchpad supports flash without a problem, it doesn't block you from viewing the episodes and tell you to go buy them on iTunes. All my documents in the cloud are integrated seamlessly into the system, be it Dropbox, be it Google Doc. If I plug in the Touchpad to the computer and drag some files over, they will show up under Quick Office or Acrobat Reader on the Touchpad automatically. I make a lot of calls with Skype, Touchpad serves as a phone to me. I can pick up calls on it as easily as making them because Skype is integrated into the system flawlessly. Last but not least, I don't know if other people have noticed but the entertainment experience on the Touchpad is fantastic! I've always hated how dark and dim a lot of the movies look on the IPad, especially the ones shot in a dark background. You can hardly see anything in the darker parts of the video no matter how bright your screen is. That never happened to my Touchpad. I played the same iPad quality mp4 videos on the TouchPad and they all came out sharp and crystal clear. Everybody who's seen me play videos on the Touchpad would comment on how beautiful the pad looked. It beats the iPad hands down. I was also surprised to see Beats Audio on the Touchpad and as a proud owner of almost a dozen iPods, I have to say HP did a great job when it comes to sound quality. All my songs played beautifully both through my Bose ie2 earphones and the speakers on the Touchpad. I would purchase it again in a heartbeat!Updated review:HP is said to start working on an Android version of the tablet, I cannot imagine myself ditching WebOS for Android though. It is so much slower on the same hardware and it does not have the many well-thought out features of WebOS. Although Android seems endlessly customizable, it doesn't have the simplicity, task-oriented elegance, and utility like WebOS. I had to spend hours and hours in the Android market to tweak my phone into a usable state performance wise, and then there's the many more days of searching for apps that will not slow down my phone too much and get the job done. And then there's the random restarts and glitchy app performance, I can go on and on. Google also has a habit of not updating their system on phones that came out more than a year ago, so you would buy a new phone instead of getting updated software and performance. Apple and WebOS both update all their devices to their maximum hardware capacity. They don't try to rip you off by forcing you to buy a new phone.If you ever wonder why Android phones have much better specs with half the fluidity of Apple devices, that's because Google made it a game for phone manufactures to raise their specs like crazy, while the true problem is the Android system.For years I've always kept a WebOS device, an Apple device, and an Android device with me. You can easily tell which companies truly care about their customers, which company just wants you to think your phone is a piece of crap and buy a new one as soon as possible.