Update 1/11/12: Well, I promised an update when ICS was released but unfortunately my Prime has the dreaded "Serial Number Unknown" issue, and can't be updated OTA. I had to return it to Best Buy, and there are no more in stock. I still like the Prime, and plan on getting my hands on another one as soon as possible. Be advised though. There seem to be a lot of Primes being shipped with this major issue. :(------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Original review:I've had a chance to play with the Asus Transformer Prime for a few days now, and I'm very impressed. I was going to wait until next week when the Android 4 ICS update comes out, but I decided to give a brief review in it's current stage.First Impressions: Out of the box, the Prime has the look and feel of quality built tablet. The thinness really surprised me since my other tablets are at least twice as thick. Before doing anything, I charged the Prime fully. The first boot took about 90 seconds. My Prime came with firmware .27, which I updated to the latest .33. After updating and getting everything setup, the Prime would boot in under a minute.Screen: Simply put, it's bright and beautiful. I do not have any noticeable light bleeding.Wifi: This is where I was most concerned. My concerns seem to be unfounded. My Wifi works fine. My router (an older FiOS Actiontec "G") is located on the 2nd floor. I get a good signal throughout my house, including my basement. Throughput is fine, and my connection never drops.GPS: First let me say that I could care less about this because I'll never use my Prime not connected to Wifi, but for the purposes of this review, I did test it. The first test was indoors, and as expected the results were not good. I could get an occasional satellite lock, but it would disconnect. I then went outside and I made sure Wifi was disabled. With a clear view of the sky, the Prime got a satellite lock in around 30 seconds. The GPS seems to work fairly well if you're outdoors and have a clear view of the sky. It remained locked, and Google Maps knew exactly where I was. Depending on your plans for the GPS, it is a mixed bag. If you're planning on using it for navigation in your vehicle, you'll probably be disappointed. If you want to use it outdoors with apps such as Google Maps, or Google Sky Map, then it works OK.Battery: Battery life was good. My first charge lasted about 8 hours. After some tweaking and subsequent charges, I now get around 10 hours.Cameras: The 8MP rear camera has 1080P video capture and is a great performer. It takes excellent pictures in good light, and is the best I've seen on an Android tablet or phone. I haven't taken much video, but from what I have taken, it looks very good.  The front 1.2MP camera is perfect for video conferencing, etc.Performance: Performance is excellent as expected. The Tegra 3 doesn't disappoint even though most apps aren't optimized for it. All the apps I use open noticeably faster than my Tegra 2 based tablet. The screen is quick and responsive, and I haven't noticed any lag. I use Dolphin HD as my browser, and the stock keyboard. There is the occasional "app crash", but this is almost always related to Android 3 "Honeycomb", not the Prime's hardware. The vast majority of current apps are written for compatibility with phones and Android 2.x, not the "tablet only" Android 3.x. In 2012, Android 4.x "ICS" will solve this problem, as the same operating system will once again be used for both new phones and new tablets.Overall: I'm completely satisfied. Wifi was my only real concern, and it works just fine for me. The Asus Transformer Prime looks beautiful, and is blazing fast. My only caveat would be if the GPS is very important to you. Since its limitations appear to be hardware related, I wouldn't expect any major improvements to it. I'll update my review when the Android 4.x ICS update comes out next week, and when/if Asus makes any major improvements/fixes.