I purchased this device having lived with someone who uses an iPad for 2 years.  I am an ardent iPhone and MacPro user. My fiance vastly prefers his iPad to this device, while I strongly prefer the Kindle.I purchased this device primarily for:- Reading books- Light web browsing (reading recipes and blogs, not intensive video watching or commenting on blogs)- Reading large documentsI do not play games.  I did not intend to watch videos on the Kindle, but because of the free Prime videos, I do sometimes watch movies.  My fiance uses his iPad as a computer SUBSTITUTE (he does not have a home computer), whereas I use my Kindle as a computer SUPPLEMENT (I have a laptop which functions very well, is new, etc).The iPad is better in some regards.  If you play games, you will want an iPad.  The screen size on the iPad is obviously larger, but I wanted something I could set in my purse and the Kindle is MUCH easier to carry around all day.  If you are going to spend most of your time watching movies, you will probably prefer an iPad (I would say the Kindle's screen misses this by maybe an inch). In addition, if you want to do computer-style web browsing, get an iPad.  The screen on the Kindle sometimes glitches and it is simply not as smooth as Apple's technology.  In addition, I cannot imagine having my music library on the Kindle as it is just not well-organized.However, despite this, the Kindle is the clear winner for me, for the following reasons:(1) Free Amazon Content: I use this so much more than I thought I would.  With Amazon Prime, there are great benefits. It's nice to not have to buy a bunch of stuff for the device having just bought an expensive device.(2) Better reading experience: No one has ever liked iBooks.  Amazon's library and prices are vastly superior. In addition, the reading view on the Kindle is much better and more closely resembles an actual book.  Loading from Amazon onto the iPad is a royal pain, so if you want Amazon books, this is a serious dealbreaker.(3)Price: For what I was going to do with the tablet, I could not justify the iPad price tag, especially considering my investment in my macbookpro and my iPhone.  This was probably the deal breaker, with the free Amazon content as a close second.(4) Portability: I am 5'2 and I have trouble carrying a lot of "stuff" (ergo the switch to ebooks).  I can definitely feel my fiance's iPad when it's in my purse, whereas the Kindle is more like having an extra wallet, if not lighter.  This was hugely important to me after a back injury last spring and anyone considering the iPad should consider the size strongly.While I don't think the Kindle is for everyone, and it does have flaws, it is the best non-iPad on the market.  The price and portability are extremely good, making up for some of its shortcomings.  While I am glad I have my iPhone and my MacBookPro in addition to this device, it is increasingly my go-to for web browsing and email.  In addition, it is an excellent reading device and fun for watching Amazon's free videos.  If you are new to tablets or on the fence about an iPad, I think this is a safe choice.