Just to update some of you who pre-ordered this item and are wondering on its release date.I pre-ordered mine on December 16th and just received an e-mail from Amazon that it is in transit with 2-day prime shipping.  I should get it Saturday January 7th.I will update with a thorough review once I have obtained the tablet and have given it a once over.Regards...::: Updated 1/10/12 :::Well, I received my Le Pan II yesterday, and to say the least, I'm extremely pleased with this tablet.  Very fast response on everything I do, from video, to reading, to office, to downloading, gaming, in car GPS with no need for wi-fi, etc.  To say the least, this will be a very hot item, let me just say.For the pre-order price of thirteen bucks over the Nook Tablet, this thing is heads above everything else in this price range.  Very clear and crisp IPS panel screen with 1024 x 768 and it shows.Android Honeycomb 3.2.1 is very responsive and with a 32GB lexar class 10 card (Lexar High Speed MicroSDHC 32 GB Class 10 Flash Memory Card with Reader LSDMI32GBSBNAR) and all that screen real estate, I am set for a long, long time.  Just what I was looking for, not to big (10.1" screen) and not too small (7" screen).  I feel the aspect ration of 4:3 is actually preferable to me, a la ipad.One note, if you want a great case at a very low price of less than ten bucks with great protection and stand built in, you must get the CaseCrown Hard Case (Black) for the Apple iPad 2 Wifi / 3G Model 16GB, 32GB, 64GBI got one and it fits perfectly.  Dual zippers allow for charging of the tablet while in the case without removing it...!!! Love my new Le Pan II and hope you do as well...!!!!!Regards...::: Updated 1/14/12 :::Well, I had my hopes too high, I guess, for this to be a great tablet.  I used it for 4 days and on the 5th, after a system update, the tablet turned on, the wi-fi started giving me issues, the screen started to flicker, BADLY, and then I could not turn it off.  I thought I would let it sit overnight until discharged and then I would plug it in and recharge it.  WRONG..!!!!Tablet is DEAD.  I contacted LePan customer support and after 4 days of back and forth correspondence, they could not figure out what was wrong.  I tried their instructions on factory reset, hard reset and power button and down volume toggle.  NOTHING, NOTHING, NOTHING.  Their response finally was: I guess we can send you a new one to replace, but you'll have to wait a month.  Maybe that one will be better......REALLY GUYS..?????  Come on.  Customer Service should be a bit more experienced and helpful, especially, since you're a new company trying to launch a new product on to a crowded market.  Regardless, I think I'll keep looking.  Good luck to those of you who bought and have not updated yet...!!!  As for me, LePan has left a lot to be desired.Regards...