I'm not going to cover all the basic stuff that is in thousands of other reviews.  Here are a few random things that may help someone out there:- The latest firmware update (12-22-11) greatly improved touch response and browser speeds as well as letting you delete things from the carousel (which some users don't like but I find it useful and a lot of fun).  It also let's you password protect wireless which can help if you have kids or other people using your device and don't want them purchasing things.- You can sideload apps onto it; meaning you can put apps/games/books etc that don't come from Amazon.  No, this doesn't have the Android marketplace but it is easy to load stuff from say, your phone without having to root the Kindle.- If you don't like the default web browser I would recommend sideloading Dolphin HD which works great and provides a few extra features.- You can also change the default interface this way by installing a launcher such as GoLauncher from the Android marketplace.  This gives you a bit more control and pretty much makes it like an android phone.  I tried this but quite like the stock interface because it reminds me that it IS a kindle and not my smartphone.- This isn't as fast as the iPad and it isn't supposed to be.  I find it to be very usable however I did suffer from unregistered taps and a bit of lag overall.  With the latest firmware update it feels much smoother and I don't have nearly as many hiccups.- For some reason uploading anything except music to the Amazon cloud WILL NOT appear on your Fire!  This is a big issue that needs to be addressed.  I don't find it to be a problem because books are so small and I'm fine with having 1 or 2 videos loaded for a trip.- The Fire takes a bit longer than I would like to charge up (it comes fully charged fyi which was a pleasant surprise).  The battery life in general is pretty good, I can usually go the whole day and just charge it up at night.- There is no camera or microphone.- There is glare from the LCD which makes it difficult to read/see outdoors.  I do enjoy reading on this very much though, but if you read primarily outside or with a lot of bright ambient light you should be aware of the glare issue which all LCDs suffer from.- If you read at night I would recommend sideloading an app called screen filter - which reduces the brightness even below the lowest you can normally do on the Fire.  It is still a bit bright in a completely dim room and this helps.All in all I am very happy with the Kindle Fire!  I was planning on paying ~$500 for a bigger tablet and I am so glad I didn't.  That is a lot of money for a luxury device in my opinion. The Fire is very solidly built and the screen is killer.  The only thing I wish it had was a front facing camera for video chats but I can live without it.I really like the size and weight as well.  I picked up a case that makes it look like an old book (from Versa) and I have been loving this thing ever since.  Apps and games run great, you can tweak it a bit by loading a custom launcher or sideloading apps, even root it and install cyanogen mod if you like.  I haven't felt the need to change much of anything though.  I like the stock look and feel and everything is well integrated and very easy to navigate.  I use this for listening to music/audio books/pandora, surfing the web, email, streaming vids, playing games, reading news and of course reading books.  It does all of these things perfectly well.  I love the size and most of all I love the price.  It isn't a 7" ipad and if you expect it to be you will probably be disappointed.  I didn't expect it to be and I am one very happy camper!