After having used this device for a few months, I think the technology is still immature. I would have purchased a netbook in hindsight, but eh  its whatever.Hardware: Excellent in general. The screen is beautiful, the touch was almost as responsive as the ipad. The webcam was sub-par, but there might be support for external USB soon. Battery life is as promised, 11 hrs.Software: The new version of TapNTap (which you can get by automatic update) runs as smoothly as 3rd party OS's, like TNT lite (which I am currently using.) There were some minor glitches, but for the most part the software did what was expected.The second biggest problem was the app market. You don't get google's android market, and the gmarket is scarce. In fact, many of the gmarket apps are effectively incompatible or partly incompatible with the device. Even with careful research and trips to online app stores ([...]/android is great) the selection is small and poorly organized. The best apps are found by lurking on specialty forums.The community is small, so support is minimal.The single greatest failing of this device has been wireless connectivity. So far, the only way I have been able to connect to enterprise level networks has been by formatting the device to factory settings and going through the setup process. Once the device is running, there is no GUI option to select MSVChAPS or the like. Even many simple routers and WPA secured networks have failed to connect.If you really want this device, Here is a list of what I have found useful:1- keep the default browser, but additionally install the "Dolphin HD" browser. You will find both have features you want that the other does not.2- install Rockplayer, it will run proprietary file formats that the default player will not3- install ES File Explorer, in fact I just got the whole suite because they were pretty good. This file explorer has great features and an intuitive copy/paste setup.4- While most radio players (including I heart radio) don't work, "TuneIn Radio" does.5- some task manager is necessary, I use ES task manager, but most swear by another app I can't remember6- Setup Teamviewer <[...]7- the IMDB app is great, although it won't play trailers for me it does for a lot of other people8- Don't get a 3rd party OS, it isn't necessary. I haven't switched back mainly because I don't care to go through the effort. TapNTap with the updates is great and stable9- If you use TapNTap, DO NOT INSTALL ANY NOOK APPLICATIONS! You will have to format your device manually... Just don't do it...10- For an office suite, ES File Manager handles text documents. Quickoffice is a free, feature rich office suite. If you don't mind paying, "OfficeSuite Pro" is even better11- amazon kindle app is great12- I have yet to find good picture or music applications. I tend to just use the built in music player in ES file explorer and hand check my songs. mehFinal note: XDA and androidtablets.net are your place for further help.