What can you get in a tablet with a $200 budget? You can get your choice of off-brand 7 inch screens with bad reviews and a lot of trouble setting them up. You can get a "Fire" with a lot of functionality and good reviews while still being limited to a 7 inch screen. The savvy consumer, however, can take a little more time in their research and stumble across the Le Pan, as I did.I was looking for a little bit of everything on a budget. I wanted to have a backup computer just in case my laptop left me stranded. Having 4 home businesses I really shouldn't limit myself to just one computer and smart phone. I also wanted something for my girls to play all their favorite games on so I could have my phone back. We're already comfortable with Android OS so I wanted to stick with it and keep things simple. I was having some heartburn over purchasing anything with a 7" screen so I kept looking. When I found the Le Pan I knew it would fit my needs perfectly. Initially it was priced at about $250 but something told me that I needed to wait for the price to drop. Earlier this week the price dropped and I grabbed it straight through Amazon!I just received it yesterday- love that quick shipping! It worked great right out of the box. I plugged it in and immediately got it hooked up to my wifi with ease. I think it helps if you already have a Google account (gmail). As soon as I was online I opened the Android Market and started downloading our favorite Apps. Seriously- this thing is ready to work for you right out of the box! It's highly intuitive so you don't have to worry about being a guru to figure it out. There are also some on-screen tutorials and prompters if you need them. Within minutes my girls were playing games and I had a big smile on my face. I knew I made the right decision getting the Le Pan.Let me tell you this thing is sexy! So sleek and thin, it's just pretty to look at. The screen clarity is phenomenal and the responsiveness is great. I played around with the settings last night and was pleased with the options I have to personalize it. It finally got a chance to fully charge overnight and we've been enjoying Angry Birds all morning before switching over to the more adult activities of testing the browser and checking email. Now that I know it's a winner, I'll look for a good protective case and screen protector. As much as I would prefer to show off her beauty, I have to protect her from the girls (3 & 4 yrs old).Bottom line: I highly recommend the Le Pan and can't imagine having gotten better value for my money. If I had $200 to spend on everyone on my Christmas list, they would all get one!