I purchased two 16gb tablets from a local retailer yesterday. First let me say this tablet is not perfect but I am am very pleased. It is like having a large smart phone. I love my smart phone! My husband was able to get most of his apps installed, but some of mine are not available for the tablet yet. I am able to use my cloud service and access several of my paid apps (spreadsheets, word docs, etc). The widgets & apps that are missing from the market are not an issue because I can access these items online (banking, personal finance site). I am optimistic that the android community will remedy this eventually. I am a techie and I love it.The interface is flawless & smooth, saved photos look really good (even when zoomed in), wireless connection excellent (no connection issues). So far my battery life has been 6hrs; but let me say I did not turn off wireless or Bluetooth. My screen brightness was on maximum. I played Need for Speed briefly, surfed the web alot (3-4 hours), downloaded apps and files, looked at several youtube videos. I think the speaker quality is good; picture quality OK; used tango and talked to hubby while he was at work.Remember this tablet is thicker than the Ipad 2, Samsung, etc; some may experience fatigue from holding it long periods of time. I typed this entire review on the keyboard. I like it and unless something really bad happens in the next 13 days I plan to keep it.07/19/11 UPDATED REVIEW -- Well I decide to update my review. (I was able to purchase the tablets early at Fry's on 07/05/11) I had the sleep issue and called Toshiba the first time on 07/07/11. While they were nice there was no resolution given. So I exchanged by tablet at Fry's on 07/08/11. Then my husband's tablet had the issue. I decided to be patient and started surfing the internet to see if anyone else was having the problem. Slowly, I saw more postings about this problem. My new tablet was starting to have a sleep issue too and rebooting by itself. I called Toshiba again on 07/13/11 and the rep told me that he had never heard of that problem before. By 07/15/11 it was on Toshiba's thrive forums and the internet extensively. I even looked to see if it was an Android issue that plagued other tablets. My 14 days to return the tablets for a refund were quickly approaching and I was hoping that Toshiba sent an update or that some of the fixes would work. While I realize any technology can have hiccups I felt that I needed to decide what to do. I did not want to be stuck with a problematic tablet.  I returned both tablets last weekend.I been checking the internet and I am glad to see that Toshiba finally realizes they need to fix this issue. I am surprise that it never showed up in testing. I hope it is a software issue and not a hardware issue because I am sure some of you have met your return time limits. I still think the tablet has some really nice features and I hope they work them out. I decided to buy the Xoom- no surprises.