I don't know where people are saying there's no android market. Go to amazon, install amazon appstore. Now, you have exactly whats on the kindle fire. Except, the kindle has only 8g of memory. This has 4, plus expandable 32. Also, there are simple instructions on how to download the android (google) market, which i have done , and i'm no computer wizard by any means. Netflix, kindle reader, youtube, all present and accounted for. Screen is responsive. No lock ups. Good wi fi signal, good as my laptop. Theres absolutely nothing here that isn't on the ipad except for a few things. it doesn't have apple access, which doesnt matter to me because apple is too proprietary and it gets on my nerves. if theres one apple in the house, everyone has to be apple because it doesn't allow you to use anything else,....no programs, cords, apps, etc.. Second, it isn't as snappy as an ipad2, but unless you are just in a serious frenzy or a total computer freak, i doubt the .000489924 millisecond delay is going to change your life. Third, there arent a lot of accessories for this...no custom covers, special skins, etc....you're going to have to jimmy rig something, which i just went to monoprice and got a silicone galaxy tab cover and it works fine. I cannot imagine paying $600 in this economy for a tablet. When the novelty wears off the ipad, you're going to have a machine that does exactly what this does. Web browsing, book reading, movie watching, music and photo downloading....very solid tab. ive owned other coby elect. in the past, headphones, mp3 player....so i had an idea of their credibility. there's a lot of info on the web so you have support from not only coby site and store, but other users, as opposed to generic pads with the same specs. you're going to apprectiate that when you need to figure something out. the battery life is so=so. its not days, but i have a laptop with maybe 3-4 hours, and an evo 4g that has about the same, so 4-5 hours is forever to me. buy a usb charger for your car, it comes with all cables. i've had it 3 weeks, downloaded movies onto sd, installed android (google) market, amazon market, kindle, netflix, kids apps and music and photos.....what more do you want? especially at this price?update: 4 weeks in and all good. just for the record wanted to point out i did A LOT of research before making this decision, because i bought three of these, one for me and two for my girls. i was against kindle b/c of the memory. downloading movies and music is not an option with only 8gs, b/c you're going to use most of that in pics and apps. cloud service is fine if you have internet, but on trips, on vacation, etc....all the places you want to be able to watch a movie, or your kids to access their data, you wont have it unless you have internt access. if i have internet access, i can just watch utube or netflix, so whats the point. the nook tablet was my second choice but they have the same problem. they have expandable memory for music and video, great. but, the internal memory is only 1g basically because the entire internal memory is reserved for B&N; purchases, products. so you will have to buy ALL your apps from them, and they aren't as cheap as other places. so, if you want memory, capacitive screen, 2.3 and above processor this is your best bet. some of the chinese tablets have similiar specs, but no reputation, online support, etc.update #2...tablet has not frozen once...2 months in. for your convenience i will tell you my movie dl exp.  i bought pocket dvd wizard (google and purchase online, you also download it online, so no mail/waiting, etc). you can use this to put all your cd movies onto an sd card, easy as pie. once i did this, i installed mx movie player app, which organizes the movies and shows a picture with them so the kids know which movie is which. i was having trouble before that b/c all the movies were there, but they just had to go thru each one to find what they wanted since there was no organization. the app is free. the music i dl goes to the appropriate music file. the movie confusion i think is b/c it does into the tflash file, and even in the movie file theres no way to access it except the gallery. anyway, the app made it easy peasy so there ya go.also for parents, my 4,5 yr. olds love the puzzles (dinosaurs lite, snakes, etc), and monkey preschool lunchbox, and theres a barbie cooking app thats cute..she makes cakes, etc.