Anthony Gonzalez  My girlfriend recently bought me the Google Nexus 7. I found this tablet very useful for music and games. The tablet fits my needs due to its 32 gigabyte hard drive it stores all my music and I still have 14 gigabytes left of free space. I also find it useful when I am expecting an important email: I could just turn it on and recent emails show on the main screen. The tablet is like a small TV in the palm of your hands. It's small enough to fit in your pocket. Its light and the back is strangely smooth but contains small dots and looks like a carbon fiber hood. It also has Google Nexus and Asus engraved in the back. I would have found it more satisfying if it had camera in the back. Since I find the front view camera useless. I recommend this tablet its lighting fast compatible with WI-FI and only for 249 a 32 gig its worth the price compared to other tablets.  I prefer having a Google Nexus 7 over the I pad mini because I can use it more freely. Such as the music and the apps. In the android market there is more of a variety to choose from than the ios7. In the Ipad mini you have to buy most of your music from the app store and in the Google Nexus 7 you could just download apps to do it for you instead of paying for your entertainment. I love the fact how the Google Nexus 7 you can multitask and the Ipad mini you cant. Therefore the Google Nexus 7 allows much more freedom in customizing the look and feel of your tablet. They both have parental control features the Ipad mini menu is very limited you will only find Safari, Camera, FaceTime, iTunes, iBookstore, Twitter, Facebook and Siri. Also You can't create separate profiles so if you share your device with your children you have to go in and switch the restrictions on and off each time you hand them the device. The google nexus 7 you can restrict the type of content you want to block such as explicit movies/videos, TV shows, apps and music. Also in the Google Nexus 7 you can have a profile for each member of the family makes sharing a tablet so much easier. The Google nexus 7 overall is a great tablet for all type of use.  The Google Nexus 7 max screen resolution is 1280x800 pixels. The size of the screen is 7 inches. It contains 1 Lithium ion battery that is required and it's already included. The Average battery for this tablet is about 9.5 hours. The tablet has only one camera which is found in the front and it has 1.2 megapixels. The processor that the tablet uses is the tegra 3 quad-core processor. It also contains Gps so you can Google map any address. It contains Bluetooth to send music, make calls ect. Powered by android. i recommend this tablet to anyone because its easy to use and reliable and economical and fits anyones needs. This is what makes this Google Nexus 7 the best in the market and my #1 choice.