I have had my 32 GB TouchPad for 2 weeks. I'm writing this review to share with other users what I like about the device and what HP can improve on to do better. Overall, I'm delighted with the device.Things I really Like:1. Microsoft Exchange - I can run multiple Microsoft Exchange accounts in full profile (calendar, contacts, address book) without any issue.2. webOS Synergy -integrates multiple accounts into intelligent consolidated profiles based on overlap. For example, when any of my LinkedIn contacts updates his/her job title, my contacts change automagically.3. Multi-Dropbox - I can run 2+ Dropbox accounts simultaneously on the device. This isn't easy to do even on a desktop, but webOS was architected from the ground up to work with the cloud seamlessly.4. Free storage - TouchPad owners get 50GB of free Box.net secure cloud storage for life, a great deal worth at least $10 per month or $240 over 2 years.5. Background video - not everything playing on video needs to be watched with undivided attention, sometimes you just want to listen. It's nice that I can run a Flash video in a card in the background while doing email. True multitasking by choice.6. Drafts - I can have several draft emails open at the same time, this is a more natural way to work, and you don't need to press buttons to move in-between them; I can also open emails embedded in other emails.7. Signatures - in webOS email, all your individual mailboxes have their own settings and signatures. So you can have a casual signature for personal and professional signature for work email.8. Printing - works like magic out of the box with wireless HP printers or HP printers on a network. No setup needed, just auto-discover and go. It's the fastest I've ever test printed on a print-connected device.9. Skype - is built into the OS, no app needed, plus you can load all your messaging contacts, calendars from Google, Exchange, Yahoo, AIM, Skype and LinkedIn leveraging webOS Synergy to create a unified view.10. USB mounting - I can mount my HP TouchPad as a USB drive on any computer using a standard USB/microUSB cable. Sometimes, you need to move a whole folder of stuff and this is the easiest and quickest way to do it. You can access your saved files and folders on the device quite easily.11. Email Attachments - You can attach multiple items to emails you're composing the same way you would on a desktop. Just find the right folder, or Dropbox, and simply select the file. I particularly appreciate that you can add an attachment to a reply email without doing all sorts of gymnastics.12. Sound - the speakers are amazing, actually better than some laptop speakers and the front facing camera, mike and speakerphone for video conferencing is very good.13. Gestures - there are parts of the screen that are used to create special commands for navigation, very fluid.14. Openness - Even though the device has a relatively secure OS, instructions on how to "jailbreak" the device (to enhance its features unofficially) are available in the official HP App Catalog -anyone can put the device in developer mode and tinker with it. It cannot be "bricked." I have already added patches that make the device much faster than shipped.15. Everything updates over the air and is backed up in the cloud.What Could Have/Can Be Better:1. Camera -It would have been great to have a rear camera too. Currently the front facing camera only works for Skype, hopefully the API will be opened up to other services too.2. Size and shiny finish -the device is thicker, this is a tradeoff to allow for inclusion of a wireless charging induction coil. Shiny finish bothered me until I put it in the standard case. Problem solved. Make sure you buy a case when you buy a TouchPad.3. Lag and hardware acceleration -webOS uses Javascript apps and operations that compile in realtime when the app is open, this gives the strong appearance of lag. It will improve with optimization, but this is an OS philosophy choice. Developers can make snappy fully compiled C++ native webOS apps4. Browser and other optimization issues -the OS that shipped with the hardware was frozen 10 weeks ago, several things are clearly still being improved as we speak, we'll see after the OTA update ships around end of July.5. Applications - webOS has few applications right now (but more tablet apps than Android Honeycomb)  and HP is doing a lot of the right technical things to develop a long term following. Synergy APIs eliminate the need for many basic apps, but more progress is needed.6. Country App Catalog lock - I understand that once you set your country for the App Catalog, it can never be changed and you can never shop in a different country store. This sounds terrible and needs addressing.  There is a patch that can help with this, but still...In case you're wondering, yes, I believe every major multi-platform app we take for granted will eventually be available on webOS, but it will take some time. Developers love the openness and potential of webOS, the efficiency of its emulator, flexibility of its canvas and frameworks, the fact that the tablet is has built in node.js server is a bonus.  The TouchPad could have been better, but it's not as bad as some of the superficial reviews made it out to be. If you know what you want and feel that some other tablets come up short in areas that matter to you, it will serve you very well.