Bought my Nexus 7 here on Amazon back in Sep, 2012 Towards the end on Jan 2012, it stopped charging. Searched the net and the ASUS site but none of the suggestions helped - no dirt in jack, usb tab not bent, none of 4 chargers or 4  cords worked. Finally issued an RMA by ASUS and instructed to send the unit to ASUS Service Center in Grapevine, Texas. Complied and my UPS Proof of Delivery shows ASUS receiving my tablet on Monday, Feb 4The ASUS site has a place to check the status of your RMA, but every time I enter my RMA, Serial # and phone, I'm told"Note: Due to our internal process, the repair status of your machine will be available the day after it has been delivered at the ASUS Service Center"Hmmm, the above message would indicate that I should start seeing status information on ...er...uh... Tuesday, Feb 5By the end of last week, I'm still led to believe that they have not recieved my unit (otherwise, I should be seeing status info). Sent several more requests asking for status. Finally, today I receive the following:Although the unit was delivered, information will not be available unless the unit was keyed-in for repair or service.Huh, they've had it nearly 2 weeks and have not decided whether to service or repair the unit? It is clearly under warranty. Apparently, and in direct contradiction to information provided to the end user, the availability of RMA status information has nothing whatsoever to do with when they actually received the machine from me.I responded:ASUS,I hope you can see just how frustrating your non-response would be to the average Nexus 7 owner.So it would appear that you received my Nexus 7 over 2 weeks ago.  Your web site that is supposed to provide status of my RMA actually provides no useful information at at all.  When I enter my RMA #, Serial # and phone, I'm told  "Note: Due to our internal process, the repair status of your machine will be available the day after it has been delivered at the ASUS Service Center"But wouldn't it have been much more accurate and honest to say:"Hi! We here at the ASUS Service Center may have had your machine for several weeks now... or not.  But, ignoring silly issues of where your machine may be located  right now , we can't give you any status information because, as it turns out, we only provide that information to customers once someone here decides to actually service or repair your machine.  Then, we have to find someone on our staff who still remembers how to key this information in. Assuming that person doesn't make any mistakes (hey! what can we say here, we are all human) it will be only 24 hours after that point that status information will be made available.  And, In your case, it appears that no decision has been made on whether to service or repair the unit. Gosh, I hope we remember where we stored it.So, please let me know if you would prefer I purchase a product from one of your competitors...FWIW, I suspect ASUS will eventually do the right thing - so I've only dinged them 1 star (out of 5 possible). It is a reasonably nice tablet - though it no longer stands out at the  head of the pack.