I returned the Iconia when I found out the Thrive was going to have Honey Comb 3.1 a SD card, a REAL HDMI port not a mini, a removable battery and an electrical cable longer than 20 inches (a total joke you will find on the Iconia.)They both offer endless memory expansion with a USB thumb drive but the Thrive lets me easily plug in and out a dozen SD cards quickly.  The Iconia has a mini SD and it is painful.  You will not switch out one card for another.The Ipad and its closed architecture are NOT for people who know how to use computers.Let me be brief so you can read the rest of the review on these stellar products.  On more than one occasion the contents of the IPad have disappeared due to ITunes Sync issues.  Nothing and I mean nothing beats the drag and drop of files onto the Android tablet.  When you are done delete them as opposed to doubling your storage needs, a copy on the computer and one on the Ipad is a pain.All three IPads that I tested ALL had wireless G/N connectivity issues; regardless of the router brand they constantly lose the connection.The Iconia and Thrive kick Apple to the curb on that technical glitch.  Apples solution is to force you to use N only on the router but this does not solve the connection problem.  Add the closed design of ITunes to manage everything with zero built in ports and just forget it.Enter Thrive over the Galaxy and over the Iconia.  What you get here is Honeycomb 3.1,  the email client alone is a step up.  On the Iconia with 3.0 if you wanted to create email in anything other than Gmail you had to enter all the inbound/outbound crap.  Thrive with 3.1 automatically figures that out for the most popular email systems.Add the USB port and the full SD card and you have instant access to an UNLIMITED library of material when you are on the road.  Take your SD chip out of your camera and you are instantly looking at your photos.  Carry a few SD cards with your music tastes, specific presentations per industry or client type or a bunch of ripped movies for a 10 hour flight and you get the idea.  Why be limited by fixed storage.Honest case in point, my family came off a plane today, the car was dead in the airport lot. While waiting for AAA we took the SD card out of the vacation camera that just landed, popped it into the Thrive and watched an hour of photos talking about the trip with those who had not been there while we waited for AAA.  Productive and keeps the kids busy.Next test will be compact flash adapter that will shortly get plugged into the USB slot.Go to any hotel/presentation room with your $10 HDMI cable or walk into any story if you forgot it and instantly connect with a FULL size standard cable.  The Iconia uses a mini HDMI, just one more pain in the you know what to go and find if you lose the original.  Never mind lost the sale if you cannot connect to a panel.  Just about everyone has a standard HDMI cable in presentation rooms today.The pluses on the Thrive are endless but the weight is killer, it's heavy and thick.  Add the Toshiba versatile rotating carry case and it's huge but it is a price I am more than willing to pay for all the connectivity ports.  This is a Swiss army knife of Tablets.The Iconia I must tell you with 3.0 was faster on connecting to internet pages. And I mean lightning fast!!! I have to blame 3.1 like any OS update since the processor is the same on both.  I don't know if the wireless adapter card on the Iconia is a better or faster unit.  Here the Iconia beat the Thrive but it might lose this edge when the Iconia updates to 3.1.If you are on the road the endless power with removable batteries is great, it just keeps on ticking.Another issue regarding power: the Iconia provides you a useless 20 inch electrical cable.  The Thrive has the equivalent of a laptop small power adapter and 6 or more feet of cable.  FORGET the idea that you will use a universal mini or micro USB plug to power either the Iconia or the Thrive; NOT GOING TO happen, just buy a universal adapter that works on your laptop and then switch connector for the tablet.So far, the Thrive wins hands down.Other Cons on the Thrive so you know it's not perfect.  The power button is too recessed on my unit.  I have to hunt for the button.