Review update: Initially my belief was that Samsung has crippled this device, but in fact it has been done by Verizon. The Verizon web site explains that NONE of their mobile devices includes the ability to use a Bluetooth keyboard or mouse. Moreover, the T-Mobile model has been reported to work fine with a Bluetooth keyboard and mouse. I also briefly tested a Sprint model with a Bluetooth mouse, and it seems as though it should work -- there was a menu option to connect to the mouse and use it as a HID (human input device), an option that is not even available on the Verizon model. I wasn't actually able to connect to the mouse, but it's possible that it was a mouse incompatibility issue (it's a Targus N2953), or my batteries were too low.Steer clear of the Verizon model of the Galaxy Tab. And since this review is under the heading of the T-Mobile model of the Tab, I am changing my rating from 3 stars to 4 stars.I'm surprised Samsung lets Verizon do this, owing to the bad press it's giving Samsung.Original post follows.----------It's an amazing little tablet. Quick, responsive, light, bright screen, and all the Android apps I've tried run very well on it. It even works as a WiFi-to-3G hotspot out of the box. This tablet is impressive. Too bad it's been deliberately crippled by Samsung [edit: it was Verizon, not Samsung].The problem is Bluetooth, which on the Galaxy Tab is usable ONLY for file transfers (the supplied USB cable is used for the same thing). The ability to use the Tab with Bluetooth HIDs (human input devices) has been DISABLED. Google put it into Android, and Samsung [edit: no, Verizon] took it out. That means you can't use wireless keyboards or mice with it. This tablet has the ability to replace a PC if only it could use a keyboard and a mouse (but then that's probably why Samsung [Verizon] has disabled it: politics, lawsuits, myopia, inbreeding, whatever). I have also tried 3rd party Bluetooth drivers, but they don't work. Not yet, anyway.Bluetooth headsets are also reported not to work, but what's the point? Samsung [edit: might really be Samsung] has also disabled the Tab's phone capability.European users do not have these restrictions placed on them by Samsung [edit: by whomever]: their units work well with keyboards and mice, and as phones. Check YouTube for some videos of this.From the technologizer web site:"Will the Galaxy Tab support Bluetooth HID? Will it support Bluetooth headsets or keyboards?No, and no, said Kim Titus, a Samsung representative. Looks like Samsung's keyboard dock accessory is your only option."[edit: T-Mobile & Sprint users should be able to use Bluetooth HID with no problem.]My advice? Should BT HID remain unattainable (I'll report back if I can find a way to fix it), resist the burning temptation to buy this beautiful and extremely usable but very expensive tablet, and wait a few months for the 7" tablet competition to ramp up [OR get the T-Mobile or Sprint model] -- there are several on the horizon. Features on other tablets will increase in number, and prices will drop. Apple will release the iPad 2 in 2011, which will undoubtedly have a camera and other nice features you've been waiting for (the iPad already supports the Apple BT keyboard, but no mouse). Samsung will eventually cave in and provide BT HID support in a software update for the Galaxy Tab, but it will be too late. Potential users will have taken their money elsewhere.