I finally broke down and bought a Kindle - my primary purpose was to have an e-reader.  But the Kindle Fire really isn't going to fill the bill.  It's nothing more than a special purpose Tablet computer and for the price I would just as soon buy a Tablet.What I don't like about it:1.  It's heavy.  After about 15 minutes or so of holding this, your wrists and arms will really start to feel it.2.  Display.  Gorgeous full color.  But not really suitable for reading books.  If your interest is a e-book reader, you'll be much better off with an E-Ink model. And I can't even imagine attempting to read a magazine on this thing.3.  Web browser.  Works OK. But because of the small display a lot of web pages are hard to read even when looking at it in "landscape" orientation (sideways).  For some reason, some web pages don't permit you to scroll down, so you can't see the entire web page. This is probably caused by some sort of bug in the Amazon "Silk" web browser software, but just a guess on my part.4.  Touch screen.  Works pretty good, but sometimes you have to tap several times to get a function to work.5.  Speakers.  Reminds you of that old AM radio you used to have.  Zero bass. Yeah, I know, you're only going to get so much out of tiny speakers. Your earbuds will be a necessary accessory for your Fire.  (the equalizer may cure some of this, but I never got around to testing it after running into my lockup problems detailed below)6.  Document reader.  You get your documents to the Fire by emailing them to your @kindle email address.  Unfortunately, the document will download to the Fire only when you turn it on the next time (yep, this is what the Help files say).  So to actually read your document after emailing it, you need to shut it down and restart it.  (you can also move or copy your documents by using a USB cable - not included and available at extra cost. Hint: the cable that comes with your cell phone will probably work with this).Which brings me to the deal killer which had me packing it up for return:7.  Lockups. I emailed a .PDF file to my Fire and after shutting the Fire down and restarting it the document finally started to download - and never finished.  It's stuck in a download mode and I can't get it out.  On your personal Kindle page you can view your download Que, but there is no way to delete a document from the Que.  So this document is stuck in Downloading mode and there is no way to delete it.  So right there on the Carousel there is a big blank page with "Downloading" in the middle of it forever and ever. This leads to the Fire locking up and becoming non-responsive requiring a shutdown and restart (complete with that big blank page attempting to "download" right up front and center). And that's assuming you can get it to restart. I had problems with the "unlock" page on the startup.  Attempting to swipe the yellow arrow to the left (to unlock the unit) resulted in the arrow snapping back to the right side of the page and failing to unlock. Another shut down and restart usually cured this malady.What I like about it:1.  Easy to set up and get running right out of the package.  Virtually automatic registration with Amazon if you already have an Amazon account.2.  Great display - just not suitable for an e-reader.This is an OK piece of hardware, but not worth the price in my opinion.  If you want an e-reader, don't go this route.  Purchase one of the cheaper Kindles with e-ink.  Your wrists and eyes will thank you.  If you want a web browser, email handler, music player etc buy an iPad or other tablet computer.