I'll get right to the point... Let's be honest... is this unit as polished as an iPad?  Nope.But who cares?  This is a full version of Windows 7 in a true tablet form factor.  And if Windows on a tablet is what you want, this baby is an absolute gem!  Considering what you get (C-50 dual-core, Radeon HD 6250, 2 GB ram) as well as the overall quality of construction, and the included keyboard dock, I think $500 is fair....To put it into perspective:  I have a friend who received one of those free Samsung Series 7 Slates that Microsoft gave out at the recent Windows 8 developers conf.  His unit has an i5 processor with 4 GB ram and a 64 gb SSD (compared to 32 gb in our little Acer friend here) It's twice the machine the W500 is... BUT IT'S MORE THAN TWICE THE PRICE!  Besides, if I wanted a blazing juice-draining system, why in the world would I buy a tablet?  The fact is this Iconia provides the same utility the Samsung tablet does at half the price (and I would guess a little more than half the speed).  Done...next...And sure, Windows 7 was not designed from the ground up for a touch experience, but what do you want?  It's still a beast of an OS, and IMHO Microsoft did a good enough job of making it touch friendly.  When doing tasks like navigating through the puter in general, using programs, and surfing the net the W500 is responsive enough (but don't expect i7 core speed here...) Plus, I have to guess that half of the people that complain about the touch experience of Windows 7 never actually take the time to be creative and customize the OS for their fingers (increasing icons/font size, installing the Chrome touch extension when surfing with Google Chrome - [which is a must btw] organizing their desktops with useful icons/links, etc., etc.)As for the quality of Acer's construction, it's quite solid.  Although I wouldn't want to drop this thing, but then again I wouldn't want to drop an iPad either....  As for weight.. well, heh... this unit will help you develop some wrist strength that's for sure, but its not as heavy as a gold bar either... (the tablet itself is 2 1/2 pounds)I must admit the included keyboard dock is pretty sweet (if you plan on using this thing like a netbook).  And that reminds me: another way to sum up the W500 is that it doubles as the world's slickest netbook, even if it doesn't go down as the best tablet that was ever manufactured...The screen is beautiful (but the large bezel hurts your impression of the size of the screen itself), the battery lasts as long as advertised, etc.etc.etc....listen I hope you all get the point..No, this unit is not the "light saber" of today's tablets, but its not exactly "Thor's hammer" either.  If you're half-way intelligent and know what you need/want/are looking for, then you'll know whether the W500 is for you.  I personally feel this unit is a fair trade for your money... and remember, it runs a full fledged version of Windows!  Not some cheesy-pretty mobile OS that only does half of what you wish it could...  bottom line:  if want an iPad, then get an iPad... if you want an android, then you deserve what you get (ha)... if you want windows 7 in the same sleek form factor as those already mentioned, then get this little jobber.  gn.