The thing (or feature) that made me buy this thing was the "video output" feature mentioned on this website but for my surprise It does NOT have any video output feature, there is no cable that enables video out, and it doesn't seem that Archos has any intention of developing an app or an update that will allow you to output video from this device. So beware if you think you're gonna be able to hook up this thing to your tv and watch videos, is not gonna happen. Anyways, I'm still keeping it cause it does all the other things I was looking for. It's a light, easy, portable way of surfing the internet around the house plus the music and being able to watch videos on the go on a 6 inch wide screen for $200 dollars made this a little neat handy device that I must keep. Ok, now for the review:1) You should know that the default keyboard is impossible to use because when you press a letter any letter around THAT letter is pressed but the one you pressed... got it? It doesn't click where you click... but you can download an app with a different keyboard with bigger keys and problem solved.2) You should also know that there is not a single internet browser (from the ones that are available to download plus the default browser) where you can watch flash sites or any kind of flash content on this device, the ONLY browser that allows you to play videos in flash format (only videos-you won't be able to see ads or content in flash format) it's called Skyfire and it ONLY works with some websites. If you visit a website with flash content you will see a gray screen, gray square, rectangle or whatever instead of the flash format. If there is a video in flash format on that website and Skyfire is able to detect it you will get a pop-up window were you can click play and watch that video. For all other purposes the Skyfire browser is very slow and crashes too many times but... is still in beta mode so maybe this will change, but for now, no flash, no flash, no flash. But if you're looking to watch youtube videos, Skyfire will work just fine and better than any other youtube applications, so that's a good thing, and for any other purpose the default browser works just fine and is the fastest.3) You should also know that the battery lasts forever (well not forever but about 6 hours of constant use), I use my tablet all day long surfing the internet, checking my e-mail 100 times per day, downloading files and videos through out the day and at the end of the day I still have about 30% battery left. Nothing like most cellphones that you have to keep loading the battery every day; and if you don't use it as often as I do you wont have to load maybe in 2 - 3 days. Is the best feature of this device.4) Finally, you should also know that this device has Android 1.5 and that there's already a 1.6 and 2.0/2.1 versions and that "maybe" we will NEVER see an update to one of this newer versions from Archos unless someone at the archosfans forum creates a hack for it allowing the Android updates; something they have already done for the Android Market which you can't access from this device... but now we can, so there IS access to Android Market on this device... another good thing, and that's all.