After a long battle with other choices, I decided to go with my favorite company and get this Acer Iconia W500 Tablet.Acer:I've purchased many things from Acer. Never had a problem so far so I keep coming back. 3 laptops, a 22" monitor for my desktop, and this. All of them working fine and it's getting past 5 years. Flawless performance for such low price. That being said, I have never had to contact their customer service. Mostly because I know what "Google" is and how there is answers to everything. This is just to backup my review as I don't see too many people in love with Acer. Hope they keep up their great work.Design:The main thing that drew me back from this Tablet is the color. Amazon said "Silver." The pictures that amazon has are misleading. It looks very whitish grey. When in fact it is black with a hint of grey. I just do not like White for anything that I own. Gets dirty easily, and looks rubbish. Anyways. Now on to some points.1. Both USB slots are unreachable if you plan on using the Keyboard attachment. Which isn't a problem because I never use the keyboard. It has a touch screen for a reason.2. Weighs a good 3 pounds. Heavy, yes. But to be honest, it's amazing how they can fit an APU, a fan, and a SSD in such a tiny space.3. Heat. It is quite hot. Try touching top of your LCD screen right now, it's just like that where the air comes out. LCD's create heat. The APU creates heat. The HDD creates heat. And for the most part Acer has done a great job dispensing the heat out. It comes out from the top left corner. It also gets marginally hotter if it is plugged up due to the Battery charging.Software:Oh dear God, the bloatware. Lots and lots of it. I use a professional uninstaller and when I started there were well over 80 programs/links and about 7 or 8 programs that start up with windows.1. Use an uninstaller to remove bloatware, shortcuts, and start up programs as they slow you down by a mile (Do not use Add/Remove as it does not clean registries. The professional ones search in the Reg and also for leftover files and plugins from the program). When I started it up for the first time after initial setup it took about 2 minutes to turn on from the moment I pressed the Power button. However, After I removed all the shortcuts/adobe/skype/office/Mcafee and disabled other services it started it up in just about a minute 10 seconds. Which is phenomenal for a tiny 2.0Ghz APU. The SSD does help a bit I assume.2. The Acer ring, which I think is just awesome looking, is uncustomizable. You get the things that they think you need on it. Calculator, snipping tool, and a Acer's own TouchBrowser. I personally started to fiddle with it a bit and got around to changing the background and thumbnail images. Even thought it still is doesn't accept fully customizable programs and such. I bet with a little more fiddling I can get it to work. But for now, it shall remain eye candy.3. 32GB SSD. 30GB Free. 22GB Free after Windows. You can get the system down to 22GB free if you know what you're doing and uninstall stuff like Adobe and McAfee. I have no need for an anti virus or a PDF reader.4. Bluetooth works great. Transferring files to and from my phone without cables is great. You can also use your phone's internet and make phone calls through it.5. I used my phone's SD card to get some extra storage. I do not need much since I'm not going to use this as my main PC. I have my server for storage. You also need to remember that SSD's lose performance with their space. Try to never go under 3-5GB free.6. Defrag, defrag, defrag at least once a month. It helps a lot. Do not use Windows defrag as all it does is make you wait. Use Auslogics Disk Defragger, it's free and very fast. And remember to always restart your computer after defragging.Suggestions/Dislikes:1. At least an 80GB SSD next time.2. Change the location of the USB slot.3. Offer more color combinations.4. Make the Acer ring more customizable (Background and programs).5. If bloatware is making you lot of cash, keep it. It's fine. It only takes an hour to get rid of it. If it doesn't make a big margin of the low price then for the love of God, send me a fresh installation of windows.6. Give it a better name. Iconia is doesn't roll off the tongue skillfully.As you can see I'm just grasping onto straws. There aren't too many bad things about it.Impressions:I guess what I wrote up there is more of a guide to making this device even better. I don't think anyone can hate this. It's great, it's not that honeycomb uselessness where you even need to get an app to see your battery life. Please do not compare this to an iPad or a Xoom. Those are toys. This is a PC.Links: If you would like to see pictures that I personally took. Some of them are of the little fiddling I did with the Acer Ring go to my album at<...>If you have any questions drop a comment and I'll see if I'm able to answer it.