We received our Sony S 32GB last April. We really like the unit, and we can agree with many of the positive reviewer comments. However, since we've only used it about a month, we're now experiencing some problems. Over a week ago, the unit would not turn on. We usually use it daily, and we've never let the battery run down below 30%. We take the charger off once it's been fully charged. Last week, it would not turn on no matter if we pressed the button down for several seconds or immediately. Then, all of sudden it turned on by itself.Today, we attempted to turn the unit on, but it would not turn on. Now, I know there's a reset button, but I didn't know if this would remedy the problem because the battery was fully charged before we went to sleep last night. So, I called Sony's customer support rep. He took us to the reset button with the unit disconnected from the charging adapter. You press down the on button, simultaneously, you press the reset button. We did this twice, and finally, it turned on. The  rep said that using the reset button should be once in a blue moon, so to speak. It's something that should not really happen even after several years of usage. When asked why this problem had occurred, he indicated that the software was frozen, and performing the reset was the remedy. A week ago, we downloaded the latest Android 4.0, so i don't know if this is a software problem or not. I told the rep that if this were to happen again within a few weeks of usage that I would probably return the unit. I've owned many electronic products throughout the years, and performing a reset is rare, especially on a new product.The other problem with this Sony S is with the wifi connection. It was working without any problem with the original Android system. Now, with the Android 4.0, it seems to be erratic at times. It would disconnect by itself, and then turn on by itself. I have a Belkin router which we've never had a problem for many years, and we have about 8 different electronic units using it. We have 2 to 3 that are on constantly. The Belkin is powerful, and once, I caught a neighbor using it, and with my wifi software I quarantined him. I knew who it was because he used his last name for his computer. Once he was quarantined, he was knocked off. Now, of course, I use my wifi WPA security protector. I have many of the latest wifi apps that tell me about other wifi's in my area, and once there was only me. Now, there are about 9 neighbors with wifi connections. Now, on several occasions when I could not connect the wifi using the setup program, I would shut the unit down entirely for a few minutes. Then, I would turn the unit on and the wifi would be automatically connected. But, I've now noticed that the wifi would tell me it's disconnected when, in fact, it's really connected. So, I'm also getting false messages. When I take the unit close to the router, the blue wifi signal icon would jump up, and several times, it would jump up and down. With the older Android system, the blue icon would remain almost fully up with virtually no erratic behavior. Now, I've found that there are several apps that, supposedly, can increase the wifi signal. I will try one or more of these to see if it really can help my wifi signal strength. One of my apps tells me if my wifi connection is using the most powerful channel, and I only changed it one time to insure that I would get the best signal strength, and also, not to be on the same channel as any of my neighbors.The Sony S was not our first choice for a tablet. My wife used her Sony Rewards points. I doubt that I would get another one, and I do agree with another reviewer that the ASUS tablet might be one of the better units on the market. BTW, the problems that I've had here are not unique to me. I've read of similar or exact problems with other reviewers here as well as on other forums. Sony used to be a top notch brand, and in recent years, they've experienced many problems. Last month, Sony hired a new CEO because they know they've lost market dominance because of their failure to keep up with the rest of the brand name electronic firms. I also think their customer support has been mediocre. A few years ago, I had problems with another Sony product, and I had to get help from the California Department of Consumer Relations to intercede in my behalf. After months of wrangling with a host of Sony reps, the issue was resolved in my favor. Sony SGPT112US/S Wi-Fi Tablet (32GB)