I am 15, just so you know somewhat who is talking to you. But don't let that make you discredit this review. Because I am a phone geek. I love electronics and have two smartphones, so I know what I'm talking about. So enough with that. Let's get to the review. . .Pre-Kindle era:As soon as this was announced, I knew this had very much potential to steal my heart. I am a heavy amazon user, and have been a fan of the site for awhile. I like reading books, so I've flirted with the idea of getting the Kindle 3G, but couldn't convince myself that I wanted a device just for reading books, since I also enjoy movies, tv, games, web browsing, etc. I asked for this for Christmas as soon as it came out basically, up to Christmas day I had read numerous reviews, mainly from this site specifically. There are obviously a lot of not so great reviews. But there are a lot more good reviews then bad, so this didn't worry me too much. Now my review. . .Expectations (and how they were/were not fulfilled):E-Books- my expectations on this were fairly low, because I assumed that reading large portions of a book on this would be fairly uncomfortable due to the fact that it is a normal computer screen. It wasn't a big deal because I was only a moderate reader anyway. My expectations were far exceeded because I have found that the screen is extremely comfortable to look at even for long durations (for my eyes, that is). I am currently reading the Bio of Steve Jobs and have enjoyed the experience very much due to the comfort and convenience.Movies/TV- I figured it would be pretty good for watching movies and tv. I thought it'd not necassarily be awe-inspiring, but good. Well in this it also exceeded expectations, as the quality of the screen is EXCELLENT and watching episodes of 24 has been extremely gratifying.Movie/TV selection (VIA AMAZON PRIME)- This TV and movie selection exceeded and did not meet my expectations, respectively. The TV series that are on this I find very numerous and plentiful. Which I find with great delight. The free movies however, tend to be old or insignificant, many I find that I do not even know because they're so. . . I don't know, insignificant. But it does have very cheap rentals which I love, Rise of the Planet of the Apes, which just came out, is only $2 dollars to rent for two days, which I am very happy with. So as you can see, this exceeded and fell below my expectations at the same time. But overall I am happy.Games- the game selection is great, as I expected. Many a game have I downloaded and enjoyed so far. The app selection overall is pretty nice.Web browsing- Web browsing is simple and nice. Starts out a little slower but the browser was designed to learn, and that's what it does, it gets faster every time you use it. So pleased here.Conclusion- Overall, it exceeded my already high expectations, and honestly I couldn't be much happier with this!I am a very techy teenager and love my smartphones and tablets, this one is a keeper.