I am a Japanese citizen and a science professor. Every December I do lots of shopping in the US, many of which are via Amazon USA, and this year I visited the US (San Francisco) from Dec. 2 to Dec. 11.  I ordered this product to Amazon on Dec 2, 2011, and it was delivered to my hotel on Dec. 5. On opening the package, I realized that a digitizer pen was missing. I contacted Amazon, and they asked if I would like a full refund (about $ 1,400) by sending the entire package back to them, or receive $ 200 to compensate for the missing part. So I chose to receive $ 200. Amazon started to the refund procedure by contacting my credit card company. All of this took place within a few hours on the same night when I opened the package for the first time on Dec. 5. I appreciate the swift move of and kind reply from Amazon.In contrast, I have been having a terrible experience with ASUS customer service center. On the same night, I contacted ASUS, wrote my story with Amazon, and asked if I could somehow buy the missing digitizer from them, as their online shop does not accept credit card issued in Japan, but those issued in the US or Canada. But there was no reply from them, except automated message (email reply) that they received my inquiry.As I wanted to check the content of the package, and I needed to use the tablet PC of ASUS for the academic conference for my presentation, I started setting up the computer on Dec. 9, and I did online registration of the product using the touch panel keyboard, and then surprisingly, I found that the Tablet PC itself (ASUS Eee Slate B121) was not working properly. The major problem was that the Bluetooth system is not functioning, even though the product include Bluetooth keyboard in the package. Whenever I turn the bluetooth on, the system automatically shut down. Then I tried the recovery disc included in the package, and carefully followed instruction in the manual. But this did not work either. To the matter worse, the tablet PC froze and stopped working. So I contacted the customer service of ASUS again on the same night, but there was no response, even though their webpage promise that they will reply within 48 hours.On the following day (Saturday 10 December) I waited for their reply all day in the hotel room, but there was no reply except the automated e-mail message that they received my inquiry.On the next morning (Sunday 11 December) I left San Francisco for Japan, with the malfunctioning ASUS product.As soon as I arrived in Japan, I started to check reply from ASUS, but there has been no reply regarding the malfunctioning Tablet PC, even though on December 15, one of the staff member of the customer service emailed me regarding my initial inquiry (of Dec. 5) regarding the purchase of the missing digitizer pen - his answer was that they only sell their digitizer pen (stylus) at their online shop, implying that unless I use the US/Canada credit card, I cannnot purchase from them (Note: this turned out to be untrue. Today, one of my American friends e-mailed me and told me that I can purchase their digitizer stylus pen from Amazon, with even cheaper price! So the issue of digitizer pen was solved).So the problem I have been struggling with is about the malfunctioning Tablet PC (Eee Slate B121) itself - I even did not have a chance to use it and see it working properly!So on December 16, I wrote to ASUS again, saying that I waited for too long, if I do not hear from them soon, I will take some actions, including writing a review with my terrible experience with ASUS customer center. But even to date (it is 22:30 of Monday December 19 now), there has been no reply from ASUS except for the automated reply email to confirm that they did receive my inquiry. So I posted this review.A couple of days ago (on Dec. 17) I went to an electronics shop in Tokyo, and bought a big laptop PC from HP, as the absence of the Tablet PC started to create some delay in my work which involve a lot of graphic work to present/publish my research result. Of course, I have to connect an external tablet (Wacoms Intuios 4) to this PC for graphic work, but I still have to wait for several days for this HP computer to be delivered to my place.Moral - If you doublt that the item(s) in the package might not work properly, send them all back to Amazon, and get a full refund. I should not have received the 200 US dollars which Amazon offered me in exchange of the missing digitizer pen. I should have sensed then that something more terrible was waiting in the package.Another moral - there is NO Moral in ASUS customer service.In Sum, I appreciate how promptly and kindly Amazon customer service tried to help me on the night I received the package from them. But this was not the case for Asus customer service center. They sell malfunctining product, and they even do not admit this problem and their low working ethics by ignoring all the inquiries sent from their victims.