As a matter of full disclosure, I am normally a Windows OS and Android user. I won my iPad 2 as a holiday party prize from my workplace. Also, I do not own an Android tablet (yet). To avoid being labeled as a Fandroid, I will list what I liked about the iPad first (yes, there are things that Apple does well):- the hardware design is indeed well thought out: thin, light, and nice to look at- construction and quality appear to be top notch- the screen display is sharp and bright- iOS for all of its shortcoming runs very smoothly on this device- tons of apps in the App store- insane battery life -> This thing has the best battery life of any backlit display device I've ever used. It probably can go 4-5 days between chargings with average web usage.- instant on -> best thing about a tablet in general: instant web browsing- the perfect device for consuming media (Web browsing, videos, games) in bedNow, on to what I didn't like:- I have to use iTunes -> First thing that the tablet signaled for me to do was plug it in to the computer and install iTunes- no back button- Safari sucks -> First thing I downloaded from the app store was Dolphin HD- no expandable storage (well known)- no Flash -> sure Adobe has decided to stop supporting this for mobile devices, but for the moment there are still plenty of sites which use it. I was surprised by how many sites to which I can't view content. For a device which purports to be great at Web browsing, this kinda sucks.- limited customization of iOS - it's a tray of icons and that's it. Barely can be called an OS.Although I hate that the iPad doesn't have expandable storage, USB ports, etc, that is the Apple way. It always has been. The Apple ecosystem is very closed and restrictive. I am positive the iPad 3 won't have any USB ports on it either. However, the main reasons why I'm only giving this device 4 stars are: iTunes, iOS and the lack of Flash. For the amount people pay for this thing, you should be able to access 100% of the sites out there. All this being said, and it pains me to say it, Apple still has no equal in producing a sexy piece of high quality hardware. Disregarding specs (i.e. processor speed, RAM) the iPad 2 is still the benchmark hardware for tablets. Just think if this thing had flash, a USB port and you didn't need iTunes to access it from your computer. Now that would be something.One additional comment on tablet devices in general. Nobody NEEDS one of these things. They are, in my opinion, the ultimate in media consumption (videos, e-books, games, browsing, social networking) which is the opposite of productivity. Seriously, the main reason I wanted one was so I didn't have to wait the 120 seconds it takes to boot up my laptop to browse the Web. And also so I could browse literally anywhere in my house. Definitely, these are wants and not needs. Just a thought.