This is my second review for this Item.  The first T301 I received stop working with in 5 min of use.  I contacted World Wide and they told me to send it back and they did send me a new one.I received the new T301 and this one worked. Well, it worked for a week and than went blank to never again start up.  I contacted World wide and they told me to contact the manufacturer which I did. Velocity informed me that World Wide is not an Authorized reseller of the T301 so Velocity can not help me.  At this time I am the proud owner of a $135 piece of junk that no one seems to want to deal with.I will reserve my opinion on World Wide since I have not heard back from them on this issue since I told World Wide that Velocity will do nothing to help, but I will give my opinion on the T301.I can't believe I'm the only person that has a T301 that just stopped working. After receiving two of them and both stopped working in the same manner I am guessing there is something inherently wrong with the hardware or firmware in this unit.If anyone wants to buy this unit to use as a reader be ware that outside it is useless since you can not see any text on the screen.Over all the unit would have been a nice mini computer to take on a trip to check e-mails and do minor task on line.Within the week that I used the T301 many times I would be reading the screen and the screen would turn up side down and I'd have to turn it around to continue with my reading.  Twice the second unit failed but when I hit the reset button it came back on.  This should have told me that something bad was going to happen.The instructions for the T301 are minimal and needs a lot of help to make it user friendly.I have finally received an e-mail from Amazon saying I will not get a refund for the defective Android since WW policy was clear that the Item must be returned in the original packaging.  For a company to see two T301 Androids and both failed one within 5 min of use and the second within a week and than hide behind a policy that calls for the item to be returned in the original package.  I do not and I do not know many people keep the original package after the item bought worked correctly.  I am disappointed, frustrated and angry to lose $159 for a defective piece of equipment.  I will never again purchase any item sold by World Wide.  Even the manufacture does not recognize World Wide as an authorized re-seller for the T301.  This is a red flag for me, thinking maybe World Wide is selling T301's that are not a Class one Item.  I have also notified Amazon that I will never again purchase Items from a third seller but only purchase Items being sold through Amazon.  Well time for the to toss $159 worth of junk into the trash and find a more reliable company to buy a new Android.  I was thinking if anyone is going to buy a T301 from World Wide save some money and let me sell you a defective T301 for $100, what deal.