April 4, 2011 -- Apple Security shot would be robbers of the Chula Vista, CA store, killing one person and severely wounding two others, No iPAds or other Apple equipment was damaged, so Apple investors' earnings and capital are safe.Most people probably would not go to the same extremes as Apple does to protect their iPad's, iPod's, and i-everything else's.  But think about WHY you want an iPad-2 or similar device, then compare the convenience and utlility of owning the devices, and Apple's iPad is very hard to beat.The big negative is the high price.  Another is no full hardware-level interface for UBS, SD, or Flash/Shockwave/Adobe support -- I can't figure out why not. You can hook several devices into the iPad-2, but in most cases (especially for cameras, SD cards, etc.) you'll need to have at least one physical media adapter.  Apple has maintained that Adobe Flash, Showckwave, et.al are obsolete, so they have no plans to support any of it.  Time will tell if Apple is correct (if not, then expect another adapter in a year or so).The positives outweigh the negatives however.The size and weight make the iPad-2 extremely easy to carry around, and convenient to use. For now, this IS a major advantage, but 'Moore's Law' about the rate of electronics miniaturization is still 'in effect', so the iPad-2's weight and dimension advantage will be gone within 2 years. By 2013, it's a good bet that all devices will be at elast as light and thin as the iPad-2, and they'll all do 'more stuff, faster' for about the same (or maybe less) money.The iPad-2's camera-system, with 'face-to-face' conferencing potential is more of a theoretical advantage than a real one: it only works well if you and the people with whom you're conferenceing have similar device capability (2 way video) and reliable broad-bandwidth availability. Otherwise, the experience and results are less than thrilling.The iPAD2 RAM memory is double that of the iPAD (512MB), which means faster performance of many graphic-intensive apps, and better responsiveness for users who like to 'multi-task' with several apps running at once.The Application software availaible fo the iPad-2 far exceeds that which is available for most competing devices, both in terms of quantity and quality. This is probably the main reason to get an iPad 2 -- you can just do more stuff (useful, recreationsl, fun, or other) with an iPAD-2, because more people have developed and marketed apps for the iPad/Apple platform than has been the case for anything else.  Given the overall state of flux for mobile computing, with platform and operating systems shifting, APPL (with a relatively stable operating platform and system) may be able to maintain its advantage in applications for some time.Worth killing people to own?  Don't mess with Apple: if you go into their stores, be sure you have enough money to get out alive.  In the mean time, April 2011 seems to be a good month in which to sell AAPL common stock. Legal and other problems appear likely to take a severe toll on the company'e equity valuation.