I got this tablet a few days ago. I knew what I was getting into because I had read the early reviews of this product. I got this mostly for using it on the go when I want to use the internet. I wasn't disappointed until I tried Youtube and Facebook via the included web browser. I had to do research online to understand the tablet better before. I also told myself "It's only $199 so if I don't like it..I'll send it right back".Two days ago, I installed the Skyfire browser which DOES use Flash and allows youtube viewing. (Take that, Apple!) This made a huge difference for me and it's one of the best web browsers I've ever seen. I have not tried everything yet but as a media tablet...Its GREAT! I just wish it used a different memory card but I can live with it. With my psp, I used my neuros memory card reader connected with my tivo to transfer my TV shows. I'm still experimenting with the tablet to see how I can best transfer my TV shows to it without a computer. As for a computer and TIVO, using TIVO Plus software or connecting it to the PC works extremely well. It would be nice if the tablet had a captioning feature but I'm not complaining.I can use Facebook just the same as on a computer with all the flash games via Skyfire browser which is great.  You can't do this on an Ipad. One Ipad owner I know is actually taking back his Ipad to get this tablet this feature alone.As for the screen, you get what you pay for. You can watch HD quality movies and there's great screen brightness control too. One reviewer said he gave up on the screen calibration and wanted to send it back. That's coming from a person who doesn't seem to have much patience. I use a smart board as part of my job and have to do screen calibration several times too, It's not perfect but it gets the job done.Thanks to the helpful tips that the previous reviewers of this tablet had written in their reviews, I use Skyfire, Slideme and other apps to make this tablet a far more useful one. I haven't gotten around to using the e-book reader that's includes because I still don't understand how to get e-books yet. The upcoming Kindle for Android is a BIG deal as I'd definitely would use it as soon as it's available.The wifi connection is pretty stable and good enough for everything I've done online. I haven't tried it on the road yet.My six year old already loves using the tablet to watch some movies and play some games. That's pretty good considering he has access to my PSP.Some cons: I know the tablet just came out but the tablet's Android OS is 1.5 which should be upgraded. I DEFINITELY think the tablet should be connected to the Android market so are you hearing this, Archos? There's no bag or protective covers out yet so I'm waiting for it. I also want to have a way to copy tv shows directly to the tablet as I can connect it to my HDTV via USB so far.If I can do all of the above in just a few days of owning this tablet then I'm impressed and am definitely keeping this tablet!