I've been playing with my iPad for about a week and am very satisfied with it. As people here have noted, it's not a replacement for a laptop, although the ability to download iWorks in an iPad version does help there. For me, it's fine because I tend to use it late at night or in the morning, and on the weekends when I can sit in my overstuffed easy chair with my favorite microbrew or glass of wine, read my email or browse the web, and feel both decadent and efficient at the same time. :-)Here are the pros and cons:1. Absolutely drop dead gorgeous screen.2. Screen has an oleophobic coating to repel fingerprints, although I've read that wears off over time.3. Very fast switching between apps, minimizing the need for true multitasking.4. Great battery life, up to eight hours, although I haven't ever run it down in a single user session more than to 75%.5. Wifi seems to work just as well as my laptop in terms of range and speed.6. The ability to upgrade to 64 gigs of internal RAM, which I did, although I'm not sure I really needed it.7. Powerful cut and paste feature which I'm still learning how to use correctly. But tapping the screen in various places selects text and graphics in different ways which I haven't totally figured out.8. Even if you don't have iWorks, I found you can cut and past webpages into Notepad. It won't import graphics but you get the text, which is all I need most of the time. The nice thing there is that you can edit the documents at that point, although I doubt I'll be doing much rewriting of anything I grab off the web, but it's useful for making your own notes and comments.9. Standard DVD-R and MPEG-2 videos that I've compressed from about 4 gigs down to about 1 gig MPEG-4 H.264 files to save space look great on my iPAD. You can see some interleaving artifacts of course but they don't look grainy. They still look fine and they take up 1/4 of the space.Here are the cons:1. Although the screen is great, there's about a one inch margin of wasted space around the outside of the screen. Hopefully Apple can eliminate that with newer models.2. Some people may find it heavier than expected. That's because it has two beefy internal batteries which provide the long battery life. But holding it up and trying to read with one hand could prove tiring for some users for any length of time. I usually just prop it in my lap in my easy chair so it's no problem.3. Recharging is a little slow over the USB cable but since the battery life is so long, I haven't found that a problem yet since I can usually use it all day and recharge overnight.4. No true multitasking, but as I said, it's not a serious problem because loading and switching between apps is very fast. Plus the screen size would make having multiple windows open less practical anyway since it's still not as big as a typical laptop, which is fine, because otherwise it would be almost as heavy.5. I bought the Travel Kit Plus case to store and protect the unit. It works just fine, but my only complaint is the price, which is [...] for a case that is basically sort of like one of those padded, zippered book protectors that you can buy which are more like [...]. But the case is certainly fancier than one of those and worth more than 12 bucks. But [...] is a but much.6. A minor point here, but the Travel Kit includes a plastic travel stand, which is a nice feature, but it's too big to fit easily into its zippered pocket. The fit was so tight it was very difficult to get out and you can't get it back in very easily either, and you wouldn't want to for fear of tearing the webbed pocket material. Fortunately you can just store it in the one big pocket.7. Some people have mentioned the lack of a camera, but I don't need or want one so that wasn't an issue with me.All in all a very cool, fun device with only a few shortcomings but with enough power, speed, and utility so that it works fine for me. Other user's experience may vary. Whichever way you decide, good luck with decision!