Sorry guys but after reading review after review of people bashing the iPad and having never actually owned or used one I had to write this. First off would I be considered a "Apple Fanboy"? Well I guess if you consider the definition of the term I will say yes and I guess proud to be one. But I am going to give you the good the bad and the ugly without bashing the product.The Good:1. This is a tablet device that is easy to carry when you don't need the full power of a PC/Mac.2. The instant I saw this I Knew in that it had it uses in my field of work. I am a electronics tech contractor for the military and I work on equipment on trucks all day outside. If I tried to use a netbook( Which I have tried) to do the task of inventory and maintenance tracking while in the field the netbook would be trash in no time. This said the iPad isnt indestructible. If you use it like I do outside in a field environment buy the Defender series case from OtterBox, It is super tough and has a hard cover for the screen when its not being used.3. The apps are dirt cheap for the thing. I paid 9bucks for Apple Numbers (Spreadsheet app similar to Excel). That is way cheap for a functional spreadsheet app.4. I can use this for entertainment while traveling, which I do a ton of, without having to drag my laptop out of a bag and finding a place where the dust isn't going to gum up my keyboard.The Bad:1. If you want a full fledged laptop this isn't it. It is a complementary device to the laptop.2. In order to take full advantage of the iPad you need a laptop or desktop to sync it with. You don't have to have it but your not going to be getting many movies or much music on it otherwise.3. People will bash you for using the Apple brand of devices...but only because they are jealous or ignorant. Not because they actually use them and know their strengths and weaknesses. There is a misconception that if you use it your a tree hugging yuppy or something...which I am not.4. More cords and adapters to carry if you already lug a laptop around.5. They are not cheap.The Ugly:1. As soon as you decide to buy the iPad, know that next year Apple will come out with a better  and fancier product. They update products on a yearly cycle.2. Along with #1 that also means that when the newer iPad comes out that there will be functions you wont have and cant get without dropping more cash for a new one. You can only upgrade the software not the hardware.3. For those of you that like Flash games like Farmville, your SOL, the iPad does not support flash. Sorry.Thats my short OPINION on the iPad. My closing thought are this, if you are looking for a simple device to get on the internet and do light duty work while away from the desktop/laptop then it MIGHT be for you. Also if you like diving off in folders and exploring the guts of the operating system then I suggest looking elsewhere. Apple makes products that a non tech savvy person can pick up and fell comfortable using. Heck even my wife, who hates computers, would kill me over her iPhone. Lastly if your not sure whether it is right for you, find someone that has one, go to a Apple store give it a spin and do some research online into whether it has what your looking for. I give it 5stars because it works for me. Later.