One of my favorite things about being an early adopter is when I pick up a device more for the novelty than anything else and I'm completely surprised by how useful it turns out to be. I had this experience first with my first iPod, when I discovered podcasts. I had it again when I first got a Kindle and my reading increased about 5 fold. And I've had it once more, in almost too many ways to count, with the iPad.Let me be clear, the iPad is not a computer. You can't do anything on it that you couldn't on a laptop or desktop PC. The difference with the iPad though, is that you'll find it allows you to many of those things in ways and places you would never bring a PC to. Let me give a few examples to better illustrate my point.A few days after I got my iPad, I discovered that it fit nearly perfectly on the reading ledge for my treadmill. Now my treadmill faces a blank wall, so up to this point workout entertainment has been strictly auditory. With the iPad though, I can now watch videos while I work out. The result, I've been exercising about twice as often in the three weeks since I bought my iPad.Another example. I used to love reading comics when I was younger. However, as an adult there's a certain stigma attached to having a comic book collection in the house. The Marvel and Xcomics apps on the iPad mean that I can now enjoy comics without actually having to keep them laying around my house. The result is that I've completely rediscovered a form of entertainment.One more example. The other night, while getting ready for bed with my wife, somehow the topic of old cartoon theme songs came up in conversation. I picked up the iPad from my nightstand and we spent about 30 minutes reminiscing over YouTube clips of old cartoons. Now you might say I could do the same thing with a laptop, which I could. However, my laptop wasn't in the room and it's unlikely I would have gone to fetch it simply on a whim. With a 4-5lb laptop, it more or less stays in one place unless I anticipate that there will be a need for it. With a 1.5lb iPad, it follows me wherever I go, almost always nearby should the need for it arise.Those are just 3 examples of how the iPad has proved useful in the short time I've had it. True, they're small things, but they add up quickly to form a completely different experience with a computing device than what I'm used to.Sure the device is not without its flaws. Flash would definitely be welcome. And I'd kill for a USB and SD slot. But the technical story of this device doesn't have a whole lot to do with what makes the experience of using it so special. It's a completely different computing experience, and trying to boil it down to a spec sheet comparison just doesn't do it justice.Update: I want to add a few of my thoughts on how the iPad compares to the Kindle as an ebook reader, since it seems particularly pertinent in an Amazon review.  I've been using the Kindle app on the iPad for a little while now, and I've reached a point where I'm using each device in more or less equal amounts for reading.  Overall, I think I prefer using the Kindle.  The screen is easier on the eyes; the battery life is significantly better; the size and weight feel better in my hand; and size of the iPad's screen just feels a bit too large for reading large portions of text.That said, the iPad is certainly a capable reader in the right circumstances.  In particular, I use it more than the Kindle when I'm in bed at night because the back-lit screen means I don't need a reading light that will keep my wife awake.  Also, I've been using it more often when starting a new book.  Navigation of the store is much easier and downloads go much faster than on the Kindle due to the WiFi.In conclusion, I'm certainly not going to get rid of my Kindle now that I've got an iPad.  There are simply too many situations where I prefer it over the iPad for reading.  That said, if I didn't already own a Kindle, I think it would be much harder to justify buying one as well as an iPad, since the iPad does serve as a capable ebook reader in most circumstances.