I have been testing the Kindle Fire as an educational device to be used in my middle school.  I find the Kindle Fire to be a great device, almost perfect for students, but unmanageable and unrealistic for schools in its current configuration.  I have an idea that would work for our school.  It is my hope that Amazon will read this post and listen.  I believe that Amazon is missing a HUGE market.  With a few changes, the Kindle could become an amazing and economical choice for schools.My Idea:  Something I call the "Kindle School" based directly on the Kindle Fire.Current Kindle Fires could be used extensively in an educational environment with some software changes.  Some Hardware changes, such as moving the power button, adding an external volume control, or a video out for connection to a projector are not discussed.  I hope for a version that would be much quicker to market than a radical rework such as say a Kindle Fire 2.  I am about to drop several thousands of dollars on netbooks simply because the Kindle Fire is just not quite ready for schools.  Ipads are out primarily for lack of Flash support  and secondarily for cost issues.  I have listed what I think would work.  Feel free to comment, make changes, or correct me where I am wrong.1.  The Fire needs settings to block addition and deletion of apps.  Multi-level settings- block all, allow free apps only, add apps only, etc.  An added ability to set a password to change app settings/store access.  Use of multi-level passwords to protect settings.2.  A setting to block certain apps, such as Facebook and Twitter.  While these may be blocked by the network, an extra capability of blocking particular apps would be extremely useful.3. Folders/collections to group subject matter/apps/books.  This is needed so that students can find apps, etc. by subject matter.  For example, a folder named science would contain apps downloaded for science classes.4. Easier to find and read documents, especially those read by third party apps such as Quickoffice.  Kids cant easily find the documents.  Word, Excel, text, and other docs should show up in Docs the same way pdfs do.5. Improved on-screen volume controls6.  Reset feature based on a configuration set by the administrator.  This would allow the administrator to wipe and reload apps and documents easily.  The admin could create a single image that would be used to reset the Kindle to a preset configuration.  This image could be uploaded to a pc, or better yet the Amazon Cloud, and then sent to multiple devices at once.  The admin would then simply use a sequence of click and a password to "flash" the Kindle.  Similarity/Familiarity between devices is extremely important for classroom management.7.  Lots and lots of educational apps.8.  Google Earth.9.  Multiple Kindles on one special school account separate but related to an existing Amazon Corporate Credit Line.  The school account could be used to administer which types off apps and books could be downloaded.  For example, allow only free apps, educational apps, or by a rating scale based on content.10.  Inability to delete browser history without an admin password.11.  Ability to use proxy settings.12.  Parental controls.13.  Ability to print to network printers.14.  Some type of designation that would appear on the lock screen to identify a particular Kindle.  This would ease management and allow teachers or administrators to easily identify who left which Kindle where.  A sticker on the back works just as well but is easily removed and not nearly as cool.15.  An icon that could be used to drag and drop locally created documents to the cloud so that a teacher could retrieve the documents for grading, etc.16.  A method of making a stolen Kindle useless.