So, much like many of you, I agonized for many days and nights about which tablet to purchase:  iPad 2, Nook Tablet, or Kindle.  I read multiple reviews on each, WATCHED video reviews on each, and talked to 2 or 3 IT professionals to get their impressions/thoughts.  I went to countless stores to play with each device (repeatedly), and I came away with the following verdict:  there is no 'winner' and each device CLEARLY has distinct advantages.iPad:  I love Apple products.  They're elegant, simple, reliable, and (in their own way) works of art.  I already have a desktop and a laptop, so I wanted something VERY portable (i.e. could fit into my handbag)... granted, if I had a BIG handbag, an iPad would fit, but truly the size makes it a bit cumbersome.  PLUS at $499, it was way more expensive than the other two options.  (Two strikes against the iPad.)Nook Tablet:  I love my local Barnes & Noble.  It's one of the last great 'brick and mortar' bookstores.  There are few things I enjoy more on a rainy Sunday than wandering the stacks at B&N.;  Plus the advantages to the Nook:  there is more 'onboard' storage space than the Kindle.  You can go into any B&N; and read any of their titles for 1 hour per day (free).  Last, there's always a human at the B&N; who can answer your questions and help you.Kindle Fire:  (the eventual winner).  First, amazing price tag:  $199.  Really?  Is that a typo?  No, seriously, it's $199.  It's portable, sturdy, I can hold it in one hand, put it in my handbag, AND it does everything I want it to do.  Does it make phone calls?  Nope, but hey I have a smartphone.  Does it take pictures or videos?  Nope, but hey I have a little point-and-shoot digital that works just fine thank you.  What I CAN do with my Kindle Fire is surf the internet, check Facebook, send emails, watch instant videos (you get 1 month of Amazon Prime free with purchase, and TRUST ME, you will love this...) and READ to my heart's content (and boy do I love to read...)  You can read magazines, newspapers and books.  Oh yes, you can listen to MUSIC too.  And of course, there is the app functioning and gaming stuff you can do if you're so inclined..A couple items of note:  1)  the 'reading' screen:  I've heard mixed reviews on this; however, I love the screen.  You can change the font, point size, brightness of the screen, etc.  You can also read 'portrait-style' or 'landscape-style'.  You can highlight, make notes, and use bookmarks.  It's great.2)  the on/off button.  Apparently there are folks out there who have accidentally hit the off button.  OOPS.  There's an easy fix, Einstein.  Just flip the Kindle 1/4 turn to the right or 1/4 turn to the left and - VOILA - problem solved.  The on/off button is no longer a potential problem.  (Really, this is such a non-issue I'm surprised people are bringing it up.)3)  LAST (and this was the BIG clincher for me)... there are soooo many free and really cheap books at Amazon.  When I compared e-book prices between B&N; and Amazon, there was a BIG difference.  Now, for people who don't read much, this might not be an issue, but if you read a lot, and B&N; prices are $2 - $4 more PER book... that will add up.Bottom line:  each device is different and has pros and cons...  make sure you really investigate, take the time to play with each one, and purchase the best one for you and YOUR needs.Regardless, the technology we have access to now is truly amazing!  Enjoy!