First off, if you want a sleeve that fits, search Amazon for <rooCASE Super Bubble Neoprene Sleeve Case Cover Compatible with Amazon Kindle Fire 7-Inch Tablet / Amazon Kindle Touch 3G / Amazon Kindle 3>.  Do not mind that it says it is for the Kindle fire that is a different size than the Viewpad 7e.  It fits when several others do not (others say they are for the Viewpad 7e when they are actually for the Kindle).  Go figure Amazon.=========Onto the Viewpad 7e.  As others said, it is a budget tablet, but I am very satisfied.  If it had GPS, it would be 5 stars. I paid 169.99 on 11/13 (sold by Amazon, not a 3rd party).  It seems that I just hit at the right time because I have not seen that price repeated.Others have complained about freeze-ups, but I have not had that experience and I have quite a few different apps loaded.  Perhaps it helps that I have a 16GB SD card installed and move the apps to the SD card whenever possible.My only build quality-issue is that the case squeaks.  Not a lot, just annoying sometimes.Battery life is so-so.  Powering down versus standby helps.  Keep you charger handy.  It would be nice if you could charge from a USB source, but that does not seem possible.  I have a small inverter in the car, so the home charger is ok for on the road use.Screen is generally responsive,  but sometimes it lags.  Maybe it is just the way I am touching it.  I do have a screen protector installed.I originally purchased a Viewpad 7, but returned it because it was Android OS 2.2 and the screen is not multi-touch.  The Viewpad 7e is Android OS 2.3 with multi-touch.Only Android OS 2.x devices with an assigned telephone number have access to the Google app market.  Although other app markets exist (Amazon, 1Mobile Market), some apps are only available through from the Google app market.My work around is:1) Install the app from the Google app market onto my Droid X phone;2) Create a backup of the app onto the phone SD card using "AppMonster Pro";3) Transfer the backup .apk file from the phone to the tablet using "Bluetoothn File Transfer" app;4) Open the backup location on the Viewpad 7e with "ES File Explorer" app;5) Touch the backup file to install on the Viewpad 7e.Once you get the hang of it, you can do all of this in about 1 minute.With the preceding procedure, you can get native Android apps like Facebook onto the Viewpad 7e.  Unfortunately, apps, like GMail, Google Docs do not work even if you get them installed. Most other free, and some paid apps, will install and even update.In the preceding procedure, I mentioned the app "Bluetooth File Transfer".  This is an essential app to have on your phone and Viewpad.  The Viewpad will pair with the phone, but you get the message "paired but not connected".  This has something to do with the Bluetooth profiles installed on the Viewpaid 7e.  Bluetooth file transfer easily gets around this so that you can transfer files back and forth without difficulty.=========In summary, I have not found anything at this price-point which is better and would buy again.