I had trouble coming up with a title for this review because so many accolades would have done this little machine justice.  Like 'Home Run', 'Have your cake and eat it, too', and 'Perfect, perfect, perfect'.  I read many of the reviews on Amazon and elesewhere about the Dell Duo and most were not favorable.  Which is too bad, because I feel many of the negative reviews have overlooked an exceptional netbook.  The fact that this is a 'netbook' should underscore every point.  Netbooks are just that, subpar computers that are meant for searching the Internet and maybe writing a letter.  They are basic machines with minimal memory, features and they come with an exceptional price.  Purchasing a netbook means making a sacrifice in possibly several areas.  But, this isn't saying a netbook is a piece of junk and not work buying - far from it.  I purchased my first netbook a year and half ago, an Asus Eee PC 1005HA.  Timidly, I entered the murky waters of the netbook world to find these 'crapbooks' are quite capable and fully funtional.  Putting my Visual Studio IDE on my first network was a testament of my faith in the computer, I thought for sure that program would take down my Eee PC.  I found it actually performed better than my company provided laptop with lots of memory and a full size processer.  As great as my Eee PC was, I find my Dell Duo 100x better.  The screen resolution is outstanding on the Duo, meaning I don't have to scroll around anymore to see a whole Internet page.  The N550 dual core processer more than handles Windows 7 and my Visual Studio 2010 IDE.  Since I spend all time at the keyboard of a computer, the last thing I want to do when I get home is spend anymore time at a keyboard.  The Duo relieves me of that burden, I can flip over to the touch screen and put the keyboard away.  I find the touch screen very serviceable and I found ways to make it even more enjoyable.  Turn on the Touch Pointer, you'll get a mouse on the screen that you can customize to your size and visibility.  This allows you to get into those tiny spaces. The onscreen keyboard can be made bigger or smaller by dragging the corners to your required size.  I use the text writer a lot to write short e-mails.  A lot of fun and much less like using a computer than a scratch pad.  I also bought the Duo Audio Station.  Now my computer feels like a cool touch screen device instead of clunky plastic box.  The alarm clock is my favorite, I get a nice ocean sound machine and a rooster to wake me up in the morning.  With the Audio Station sitting next to my bed, I use the JBL speakers to practice with my guitar.  I don't find the Duo slow at all, actually I feel it performs better than the boat anchor I use at the office with 4 gigs of ram, an obscenely large hard drive and some ungodly processer.  My advice is to ignore the negative reviews and buy this netbook, but if you want more features, bigger this or that then maybe a netbook is not for you.