Admittedly, I don't have a Playbook yet; I'm waiting for one to be delivered to me as part of a developer's program.  However, I have played with it considerably in the form of its software emulator.  I can speak of the hardware itself, since it was emulated by my desktop PC, and I can't speak of the apps themselves, since there were none; but what I was able to see was the web browser and user interface.  In that regards, the Playbook seems well laid out and organized, and it seems easy to use.  Compared to the iPad (which I've used only in the Apple store), there are neat gestures that increases the efficiency of the interface.  It took a while to realize that some actions are activated by gestures, but once you get the hang of it, the tablet becomes very fluid.  It would be nice to have a keyboard that can be reconfigured in terms of size.  It does take up a considerable portion of the screen, but given the intrinsic touchscreen interface and gestures, the keyboard is not going to be of primary concern.  Before I got involved in the developer's program, the Playbook didn't really interest me, but once I got a chance to use the software emulator, I have to admit that I'm looking forward to getting mine in the mail.  Hopefully I will be able to update this review soon, once I get it.UPDATE:  I got my free Playbook.  It is as fluid as I had expect, but having it my hand gives me a better feel on how it handles.  RIM went the 7" format which both pros and con.  Obviously it make the UI smaller, but that is not necessarily the end all or be all of the design.  The smaller size makes this a very mobile, hand portable platform.  Moreover, the smaller screen size make everything much more smooth and crisp.  Given the landscape layout, rather than thinking of the devise has having a small screen, I think it's more appropriate to think if it as just the upper half of the iPad in portrait mode.The hardware is fast and smooth.  There is no lag, even with multiple apps open at the same time.  And the gestures make moving from app to app smooth and efforts.  The playbook still need some way to scroll, as with a trackpad, but otherwise this is a easy to use device.  My only wish is for a built-in GPS to make this a perfect travel companion.The software does need some tweaking, but this is not fundamental limitations.  Of course, the lack of an native email viewer is noticeable, but this is not a permanent situation and is a very fixable problem.  And, as so many have pointed out, there aren't as many apps as iOS or Android, but the number of apps is a false issue.  The real question is on RIMs strategy to attract developers and how does their hardware make app useful.  On the first, as a app developer myself,  my one concern is that RIM has a very awkward process to upload and maintain have apps.  It's no worse than Apple's, but Apple is in a position to maintain their arrogance.  Hopefuly RIM will cleanup their process as they go from "catch up" mode to "polishing" mode.  However, on the latter question on the hardware, I can say the the hardware and UI is very powerful, much better than that in iOS, and it should enable very, very nice apps.  And given RIM's enterprise level infrastructure, particularly with security, I think this could be a truly powerful business platform.