I will start out that this would not be my first choice for a computer since my tastes lie in a Intel Core i5 2500k sitting next to me. That said, I was pleasantly surprised at how useful this netbook actually is. Initially, I saw the small'ish screen and the tiny keyboard and thought that it would be difficult to see and use, but I was wrong. The size issue seems to disappear once you start surfing or pulling up email. After finding myself grabbing the Duo instead of my PC's keyboard for simple tasks, I found the true allure of this device - portability. Where this thing shines is when something pops up in conversation and you want to check it online and you're there. It has the familiarity of Windows 7 which will make many happy and the ease of use as many tablets (others compare it to the iPad, but I will get to that). Over all, this is a great computer without many flaws.Flipscreen:The first thing I did was loaded Kindle software. It is a natural fit for this device. The screen is clear and, being multi-touch, worked very well for books both color and monochrome.Since there is no CD or floppy standard (one could buy an external USB version of either), I used my ISO making software and put several children games on the 320 GB hard drive and mounted as soft cds. Other than a sound issue on one of them (Windows 7 compatibility problem, I think), kids games worked well with just the touchscreen. Obviously, if the game needs a keyboard, it is better to use it like a laptop.At first, I had problems closing fullscreen windows and and selecting small things because my big fingers would block half of what I needed to see. I noticed that I could assume that it was going to pick up the middle of my fingertip and that helped quite a bit.I had problems with Web navigation initially, too. I had a tendency to highlight text instead of scroll, but I eventually worked beyond that. It was followed by my noticing a oh-so-slight delay in scroll response once I got the hang of things. What was nice about Internet Explorer as the standard browser is that it recognized gestures for forward and backward page navigation. Chrome didn't do that so it must be a Microsoft integration thing.I didn't get NetFlix installed in time to review, but I tried an HD MPEG streamed through wireless and it played flawless. No buffering even (but I had a good network signal). I little media player is another way to view (no pun intended) this device.Memory:I felt 2GB of RAM was adequate but I didn't push apps real hard. If I had multiple programs running, it started to feel a little sluggish.A 320GB hard drive was a pleasant plus. A laptop I use frequently only has an 40GB drive and I am constantly shuffling apps, movies, or music around so it doesn't fill up completely.Keyboard:A little small for the average touch typist, but I didn't have a problem getting used to it. Obviously, the layout took some getting used to since some of the navigation keys were moved from standard, but show me a laptop that doesn't do that.An interesting note - 6 year-olds don't even notice that it is a smaller keyboard.The keys have a better feel to them than I expected, as well.Battery:There have been many complaints about the battery, both life and accessibility. No replacing this one easily. Life ran a few hours, but if I was doing any heavy reading, I left it plugged in.Connections:Two USB, a microphone and a headphone for I/O and a power jack. That's it. I know there is a dock available, but it would have been nice to have a video out (my cell phone has a micro-HDMI interface!).I don't like the covers over the USB and audio connectors. I felt like I was going to tear them off if I wasn't careful and they made it harder to plug in peripherals.Wireless worked as expected and luckily, I have an N router. It made pulling the ISOs and movies from my PC over-the-air fairly quick.I have no need for the Bluetooth (although I am tempted to connect my Motorola stereo headset, but not as of this review) nor the camera (no Skype or other tools).iPad:People have compared this to other tablets (iPad) and it fell short. It doesn't have an intuitive, multi-touch interface like IOS nor is everything on buttons. If you want the features of an iPad, then get an iPad. The Duo does so much more for non-Applephiles with multiple windows, standard applications, Flash, Task Management and no iTunes.To wrap up this review, the Inspiron Duo is great at what it does. Browsing, email, Facebook, eBooks, whatever you need a portable computer for, this can do it. Video editing or online gaming? Not so much. But if you want something for your go-to device, I would choose this over most PCs any day. It is light, defaults to hibernation for fast boots and easy to read. Dell did a great job with this one. Make the battery better and it would be even closer to perfect.