After about a month of research, comparing $270-$600 tablets (iPad2, Acer A500, MSI Windpad, Coby Kyros 1024) and $800 17" Core i7 laptops, I decided on the Thrive as a mobile solution based on all the reviews I have read on Amazon despite the fact I am totally new to Android.  It's the only unit I couldn't demo among my list.  I definitely like the rubberized back compared to the Acer's aluminum backing.  The Thrive feels like it is more durable and scratch resistant than the Acer.  I don't think it is heavy at all, it is thicker, but I like it that way.  iPad feels too thin that I might bend it or forget I am holding it because it is too light.  The Kyros I tried, had too few reviews online, I figured there might be too little community support.  The Windpad the was most expensive, it didn't really feel right to me.The good news was that the Thrive worked perfectly right out of the box (I did not update the OS by the way).  I have installed through the "market" icon a number of free games/apps (Angry Birds), Webster Dictionary.  I also installed Documents to Go 3, OfficeSuite Pro, QuickOffice, and sad to say none of them can display correctly any powerpoint animations I made on MS Office 2007.  Maybe I am not using them right.I bought a few accessories like a tablet stand from connectland for about $9.  It allows me to tilt the tablet the way you would a laptop screen.  Crude, but it works.  I connected a keyboard and a mouse through a USB Hub, works fine, a mouse pointer appeared on the tablet.  I installed a FAT32 formatted 16GB SD card, the tablet found its contents immediately through the "file manager" icon.I did have a hard time making it talk via Wi-Fi to my Linksys WRT54G Router.  If you have the same router, try these settings to save you the trial and error:SSID Broadcast - enabled, Security Mode - WPA2 Personal, WPA Algorithms - TKIP+AES, WPA Shared Key - "your password", MAC Filtering - enabled (you can find the Thrive MAC in settings/about tablet/status).  On the Thrive, goto settings/wireless networks/add Wi-Fi network.I have also tried the voice input, cool.  If you click on the mic icon on the browser, and say "google.com", well, the browser will take you to google.com without typing it.  Did I mention I am completely new to Android?  It didn't take me that long to figure out the interface.  I like it!Some people have been complaining about the tablet not waking up, I don't have that problem.  When the tablet goes to sleep (default is about 2 minutes), you wake it up by pressing the power button a few seconds, it won't wake up by tapping the screen, but it seems it will wake up through the USB keyboard after a few keystrokes.Bottom line, I believe I made the right choice, I am happy with the purchase.  Even my sister who owns an iPad2 thinks the Thrive is a better tablet.