So I got my iPad 2 the first Friday of summer 2011, and have been loving it ever since. I use it for school (I'm practically paperless) and for entertainment. I got the 32 gigabyte model because I store a lot of apps, music, and pictures (from memebase, damn memebase.) With out further ado, here is my full review.Hardware: the hardware for the iPad is great. The aluminum body is sleek, strong, and stylish. I feel very confident in the Apple build quality to withstand most of the things I do. The plastic on the iPad is very little, and still strong. It has your usual 30 pin port on the bottom, which is huge and I don't see why they don't make a smaller one. If you liked charging your iDevice with your computer, tough luck. Only a new MacBook Pro or a new iMac can charge the iPad 2.  I have neither. All in all, I give the hardware an A+.Cases: A case is needed, however. My case is leather, and I got it for the magnetic closure, but for my use, it just isn't sturdy enough. Right now. I'm using rooCASE Dual Station Premium Leather (Magenta) Case Cover with Stand for Apple iPad 2 / iPad 3 / The new iPad in red; I couldn't find the red one in the product link section. With out a case or with a poor case, the corners will get pretty scuffed up and ugly. Also, on mine, the black plastic color part is kind of peeling. It's not that bad, though. Mind you that i'm a student, so I might do more things than you do. I recommend you get the Speck Products CandyShell Wrap for iPad 2 - DarkLord Black (SPK-A0418). I just ordered it from Amazon $20 cheaper than from the Speck site.iOS 5: I am at iOS 5.0.1, and for some reason, my iPad won't let me upgrade to 5.1. There isn't a huge difference, so don't feel like you are missing out.  The iOS is great. Everything is smooth, and the Internet browsing is great with the tabs. You can even split the keyboard in two and type with your thumbs, which is,neat, but not useful until you really learn how to use it. iCloud is also great. Every app I download on my iPhone gets downloaded on my iPad, and vice versa. Really useful. Still no freaking flash, though. There is an app you can download called Photon flash web browser, which lets you run flash programs. Really great for watching FLASH videos, if you know what I mean. I HAD TO! I HAD TO! I'm sorry. That was the dumbest thing ever, but you get what I mean. I rate the OS an A-Battery: I love the battery life, and at school, if I don't use it a lot, I can use it for another day. It has by far the best battery life of any LCD screen device I have. 'nuff said, A+Speed: the iPad is super quick with its A5 processor, running apps like a charm and browsing the Internet sometimes faster than my laptop. Hell. It is  probably is faster than my laptop. If you want something fast, it's definitely something to consider. A+Weight: not too heavy, but not too light either. Feels perfect. It fits in my booksack, so it's good for me. AOne thing that makes me rate it 4 stars is the AirPrint or whatever Apple calls it. (my iPad recognized the word and spellchecked it, so I think I that's right) It's complete crap. There are only a select few printers that it can print to, and you have to jailbreak if you want otherwise. It's so dumb, and I print things a lot. I truly hate it. I am soon going to buy the network printing app on Cydia, so that will soon be gone, but still. Bad choice, Apple.All in all, I rate the iPad 2 an A. If you want to save some money, buy the iPad 2 instead of the new iPad, but if it's your starting model and you don't care about the price, go with the  Apple iPad MD328LL/A (16GB, Wi-Fi, White) NEWEST MODEL. The only reason to but this one is if you are price-conscious and the new iPad is too much for you. The iPad 2 is still great,but the display on the new one and the better proccessor make it a better buy.