I now have my Acer Iconia W500 in my eager hands. First off, my review of Amazon services and DHL delivery. Perfect! I live in NZ and this was my first major electronic purchase from Amazon ( Ihave bought books and DVDs before). I ordered the tablet Sunday NZ time to take adavantage of the exchange rate. As Amazon is 16 hours behind NZ this meant the tablet did not ship until Tuesday my time (Monday in the US). But with the excellent racking service I could watch in real time the progress of the tabelt. And guess what? I got the tbalet at 7am on Friday morning, it took only four days from Arizona to my door and that was at the normal shipping rate, not the more expensice rate! Awesome!Tabelt arrived well packed and undamaged.Now here are my first impressions. I like it! But I knew what I wanted, a tabelt that had an operating system that I was familar with, could add and take off what I like, use for travel and play my favourite windows based games on.But if you want something to play with straight out of the box get an ipad2. With the w500 you will need a few hours tinkering to get it how you want it, getting rid of bloatware and deciding on the right web browser. Suprisingly I am finding IE9 much better than Mozilla on the tablet, even tho I use mozilla on my desktop. IE9 seems better confgiured for touch screen!But it is an amazing little machine! I have so far installed my favourite strategy games like hearts of iron 3 - runs it no prob but I don't recommend playing via touch screen! I can map my desktop DVD drive and I am currently seeing what else I can put on it!Now what I love about this machine is its compatability with my home network. Yes, if you are a windows user and have a windows wireless network at home this tabelt is awesome. It has synced up with my server automatically and now I can access content anywhere in my split level home! Today I was tinkering down in my garage, 2 levels down, with my tablet playing my favourite music and films while I worked direct from my server, my playlists were all automatically there. I loved that! Music and movies can be viewd, moved and edited without having to conver things to like itunes! Stuff can be grabbed and dragged onto the tablet via touch screen on the server.The picture and sound quality are excellent. The screen has better viewing angles than my led desktop monitor.The main reason I got this was because I am planning a major trip in acouple of months, over to Europe, some long flights from NZ so I wanted something I could use to keep in touch with ppl and keep me entertained. I think this will do it but I will update on how this works out!Now this thing isn't perfect and is not for people who just want a toy. But here are my main gripes:i. Lack of accessories. When you type in acer w500 for accessories most of what Amazon puts up are for the A500 and not compatible. That's not on Amazon and you have to read carefully to not get caught out. I would very much like a travel adaptor for this and a docking station etc like the A500 but there does not seem to be any available.ii. it is heavy and bulky compared to other tabelts. Apple still wins hands down for design. I must admit this tabelt can start to feel heavy if you are holding it up for prolonged periods.iii. windows does need more time to boot up than tablet and pad optimised systems like android. You must accept this if you want win7 on your tablet along with shorter batter life.In the end I think this is a machine you will either love or hate especially if the reviews are anything to go by! I like it but I was definitely not an iSlave and I am happy using windows and I like windows based games and apps.Update 16 August:I have been playing Civ IV on the tablet. Works really well as a touch screen game! Only thing I can't do is change the name of cities cause I can't bring up the virtual keyboard in game. But I think it's quite cool I can play such a classic, in-depth game, as a portable touch screen game if I want to!