Well, after reading the reviews and seeing how many people still don't use the internet for problem-solving in this day and age, I thought I would write a quasi-review/defense of my nexus 7, including some advice for those of you who send in your 'defective' nexus without reading the manual or asking the advice of other owners. If you're considering buying a nexus, please don't be scared off by the negative reviews. Many of them are about 'problems' that aren't even really problems at all.First, I'm giving the nexus 4 stars because it's fantastic, but the battery charges painfully slowly and the charge doesn't last as long as I had hoped (I'm spoiled by my iPhone which goes for days). The only other negative I can think of is that it is, in fact, an android tab (of course, this is personal preference only)... I hate android, but I'm also a college student and simply can't afford an iPad. This was the next best thing. Seriously, that's saying something. This tablet has incredible functionality, is lightning fast, has a great display, and is the perfect size/price. Goes right into my purse and isn't cumbersome. Easy to use for those of us with tiny hands, and feels well built and durable. I especially love the rubberized backing. A nice amount of memory which makes expansions unnecessary, and its always good to have a device from each side of the fence so you aren't missing out on anything :)Some people are writing negative reviews about their tablet not powering on, and they then assume it's useless, awful, and must be sent to a repair center far, far away....No. This is PERFECTLY NORMAL. You have let your battery die. The tablet is in deep sleep. Charge it for an hour and then hold down the power button for... Oh... About forever. Really, it was about a full minute before mine finally decided to wake up, and I had to try it several times. It'll do all sorts of scary stuff, crackling screen, blank screen, etc. All you need to do is charge it, then wake it up (painstakingly), and then it will work like new again. You can find this answer on the FIRST PAGE of results from a Google search for 'My nexus won't turn on'. Lesson to take away from this? Don't let your battery die while the nexus is powered on. Turn it off if you won't be using it for awhile.Also, your headphone jack isn't broken. The jack is really strange, but it works. You have to push the headphone cord in until it clicks. Yes, it will feel like you're going to break it. Keep pushing, I promise it will snap in and work beautifully.Please note: Asus customer support is useless. They will not tell you these things, they will tell you to send it in for repair. The guy I talked to was probably the most useless CSR I've had to deal with outside of AT&T.; I guess this is another negative, although unavoidable anymore... Any customer service is bad customer service when it's all been sent overseas. You want to talk to someone who speaks English? Buy an iPad. Otherwise, you're going to have to troubleshoot on your own.To summarize, this is a great tablet for the price. It has some quirks, but all you have to do is ask Google. There is always someone out there who knows the answer. These are NOT faulty devices... They just have faulty owners. Ironic though... Bought a Google tablet, didn't think to utilize Google to learn how to use it :/