I am a happy Apple fan. I have a MacBookPro & an iPhone 4S, 16 GB. A priority for me is having products that do what I want understandably, reliably & w convenient, knowledgable & quick tech support if needed. I have found Apple products are that way so didn't even consider any other brands.I find that the specs for this & the iPhone 4S are somewhat similar--processor, camera, etc & I got the 16 GB version for both.I was using my MacBookPro for business & to show a presentation at the table. But, while very light for a laptop, it still was big to carry around.I find that now I don't even turn on my Mac every day. I can browse email & the web & a lot of apps just fine on it.Since I'm new to the iPad, I wasn't sure just how useful it would be. Well it is. It makes a good e-book reader. Although only have a couple so far. I got the Kindle app since one e-book I wanted needed that format.I also is a very nice size to carry around w me. I got a new purse that is not large but has a pocket on the outside into which the iPad mini in its case just fits.I also like that I can do iMessages on all 3 of my devices & while I can do things on the iPhone, the iPad mini is much easier to read & type on.I bought the Belkin case at BestBuy that looks like a pad folio w snap in holder for the iPad. So its not totally obvious that its an iPad, looks nice & both protects & provides a nice stand for it that works well on table or on my lap.I'm also using my iPad mini rather than a hard cover bible for church, using the YouVersion app. The combo is agile enough to jump around to different passages & easier to carry.As one who is a touch typist, I was concerned about whether I would need an external keyboard, but have found that I can type pretty well on it. Not quite usual fingering--more like several finger typing but have been able to use it to take notes at seminars & meetings. This using the Pages app. I also have purchased the Keynote Ap thinking I would use it, but really use the free Slide Shark to handle a co presentation.  I'm thinking of purchasing the Numbers app. Need to review how to sync the Apple apps between the mini & my Mac.As far as connectors, don't have the myriad of Apple accessories that some are concerned about. I had previously gotten the InCase car charger from the Apple store for my iPhone (after the one I got at Walmart quit working after 8 mo). This is the kind that is in 2 pieces so one plugs into the car power outlet & then any usb plug can plug into it.  So if my iPad Mini needs charging, I can use its cord to plug into the outlet & charge in the car.Also, I bought it at the Apple Store & since I had One to One through my Mac, I could use it to learn my iPhone & my iPad. Unfortunately having recently moved to Portland, OR, the Apple Store is way across town so not as convenient as I was used to. Haven't been there yet. I need to go as sometimes I tap to close a Safari window or click on a link w no response. So should get the touch screen checked (as I did w the touchpad on my previous MacBookPro where they find certain portions not responsive & fixed it, quickly.Speaking of the Apple Store, I like the fact that I have that resource--even though now its less convenient than it was.  This is 1 reason that I like Apple products. If there is an issue,  I remember w other devices (Windows computers & Windows phone) where the service was not very good. My windows phone had major issues (couldn't properly handle daylight savings time & other issues). Verizon people were nice but didn't really help so got runaround & some never did get answers.  They knew a lot of basic stuff, but now w smart phones, they can't know all of them well.Also previously w a device from 1 co & OS from another & then other apps, I have gotten the run around w each blaming the other & being caught between them. Or maybe not even blaming the other but having to make multiple contacts to get an answer.I have found Apple Stores to be on top of things & their service turn around time is very fast--several times faster than they had promised.The other thing w Apple products that I have found is that they just work. I've had hardware & software failures w other computers & phones. I got my iPad Mini I think in early March. Working fine. My iPhone 4S is 22 mo old & working fine (they had to do a reset & upgrade to iOS6 1 time, quickly taken care of at the Apple Store).So for me, having products that do what I want, reliably & w tech support that quickly takes care of any issues that may arise is very important. I had not found that level of reliability & tech support w other products. I expect the same level of continued reliability & service if needed w my iPad Mini.