As a fairly savvy tech consumer, who uses windows,IOS, and Android, let me add my two cents.Bottom line, if you can get a good deal on the 16GB or 32 GB versions, snap it up without hesitation.  The tablet performs well and will suit most needs.For the record, I do not consider myself wedded to any platform.  These are devices with operating systems which you should evaluate based on how well they perform the necessary tasks, durability, warranty, and support. I  use an iPhone, and a MacBook Pro, but also run Windows on it to do what I need to do.  Be a fanboy of whatever device you like, but that only makes you easy prey for the marketers, in my opinion.If you are reading through the reviews, you no doubt have a good idea of the specs, so no sense going on that merry-go-round again.Here are the points I like about the Thrive:- decent battery life, with a recharge period which is relatively quick.- the weight really is not a big deal, especially if you use this while lying down (it's resting in your lap most likely, with your feet flat and knees bent), or at a desk (get a good case that allows it to stand vertically)-very good display-no need to have a special program to see the Raw files from my dslr.  Plug it in and view them right there.-Ports really come in handy, as does the sd slot, and the hdmi out.-decent assortment of apps available-Android finger glide typing is easy on the fingersNow here is what really bugs me:-volume switch is poorly placed and has no proper raising to help you distinguish up vs down.  Reading the reviews, I thought it would be no big deal, much like the indicator lights, which people complain about, but are not really such a bother (imho).  Wrong.  The buttons are so poorly placed that at times I have turned the device to sleep mode, pressing power when I meant to adjust the volume.  (njsoftware has a volume control app that gives you a virtual volume control, which helps me avoid this problem).-my slot cover keeps popping out, which is annoying, but not a deal breaker.-Android auto-correct is very annoying, especially when it freaks out while entering text on web pages (like Amazon reviews...grrrrr)-can't delete stupid trial software that I don't want or need.-some Websites refuse to recognize the Thrive as other than a mobile device, limiting you to the  anemic mobile version.  Workarounds exist but I shouldn't have to go through all that.- some major apps are buggy with a few of them being infuriating- lacks a really good universal format video player. I am  currently alternating 4 current players, depending on the file type.-cameras are utter garbageThere you have it.  A bit long, but this is my way of paying forward, as the earlier reviews helped me make my purchase decision.  Hopefully this helps you make yours.A word of caution, do yourself a favour and get an external warranty that covers accidental damage and handling.  I have dealt with warranty departments for several popular brands and they all suck and take forever to replace or repair your item (if they agree and are capable).  The no hassle external warranties have worked very well the few times I have used them.Good luck.