This is my first tablet.  It was a gift from my wife, who did extensive research on tablets before she made the purchase.  We have several computers in our home: Son has a desktop, daughter has a netbook, our main computer is a desktop and we have a laptop floating around the house.  Since I received the tablet, the desktop hardly ever gets used anymore and the laptop is used about half the time, now.  The tablet does most of everything we need in a "computer."Now, make no mistake.  This tablet WILL NOT replace a late-model desktop or laptop computer.  I would never type a resume or cover letter on my tablet, but for checking mail, surfing the web and streaming media, this tablet ROCKS!  I immediately bought a 32GB SD card and cover for the device.  This tablet has never failed to impress.  I use it mostly to read news using the Toshiba app provided but I also check mail (Google and Hotmail) and shop Amazon.com.  It's great for YouTube and even streams Netflix well.  The sound is a bit cheesy, but it does have Bluetooth, so if you have a nice Bluetooth headset, I would imagine you could get some pretty descent sound out of this tablet.  The battery life is great.  Most recently, I have been setting it up near the tub so I can watch streaming media while I take a hot bath.To be fair, I will mention a couple of things that I wish were different with regard to the device design.  The unit has three LED lights on it, which I think are pretty unnecessary.  One other thing that I might have difficulty explaining; the power button is not next to the power icon.  If you are facing the device and want to turn it off (or on for that matter), you have to press approximately 1/4" down from the power icon/light indicator to turn it off.  I typically have to turn the unit sideways to find the power button as it is clustered right next to the volume rocker.  Small beans, I know, but a fair comment.Some have complained that the screen isn't as vibrant as some other tablets.  I just finished streaming the Battlestar Galactica Miniseries and it looked fantastic.  I enjoyed watching it so much; I was late to an appointment.In summary, I will say that there are cheaper tablets out there.  Given how much this device has satisfied me, I have no regret in my wife choosing this model.  She knocked it out of the park for Christmas 2011.  As for the title of this review...I used to go to the bathroom, get my business done, and get out.  Now that I have this cool device, I find it hard to resist grabbing it to catch up on the news while I take care of my business equating to more time in the john.  It's a new habit that I hope to break before it gets too engrained.Loo LogisticsI understand that some may feel it pretty discusting to use a tablet while on the john.  To these people I offer some simple loo logistics:1.  Enter loo2.  Sit and begin business3.  Open tablet, and use it4.  Close tablet, and set it down5.  Finish business including all necessary paperwork6.  Wash hands and dry them7.  Exit looThe tablet is never in danger of getting "contaminated" because it is never out during any of the dirty work. As it is with most people, hygene is also important to me.  Please keep that in mind.  My review is for fun as much as it is for facts and information.This tablet was purchased, by my wife, on Amazon.com.UPDATE 24JAN12: This tablet will gladly accept any Bluetooth mouse.  It will also accept any USB mouse, automatically.  But will it work with a wireless mouse that has a nano-transmitter, and will the nano-transmitter fit inside the tablet with the USB access door shut? Yes, it works with the tablet but no, the cover will not close.  It's close, but it certainly will not close all the way.  I have attached pictures showing how close it actually is.