I've had my Kindle Fire for a few days now and figured I could provide an adequate review for it. To give a bit of context, I love my Kindle 3G but I've never been a big fan of tablets. I've never wanted an iPad. But with my switch to mostly Kindle books for my reading and Amazon MP3 for my music, and since I was looking for a cheap replacement for my Windows desktop (which was mainly a web, email and music storage box), the Kindle Fire looked like it would meet that need perfectly.I can say without a doubt that it definitely meets that need. It was great turning my Kindle Fire on for the first time and seeing all my books there on the home screen. They weren't downloaded yet, but to see all my purchased, cloud stored content right out of the box was fantastic. It definitely felt like, "This is MY Kindle Fire", right out of the box. There was very little setup. It even said "JJ's Kindle Fire" at the top. I love that.The limited storage space (only 6.54GB of the 8GB is available), isn't a big deal thanks to Amazon's cloud storage. You can easily switch between what's stored on the device and what's on the cloud for each media type (There are Device and Cloud buttons at the top of almost every screen). And adding and removing content from the device is a snap. And when I brought it to work I was pleased to see that I could still see all my cloud content. While I obviously can't download it, I did add it to my download queue. [I'll update the review if it automatically downloads when I get connected to Wi-fi.] UPDATE: To my pleasant surprise, when I got home after writing this review my downloads started automatically. So you can queue up downloads when you're Fire isn't connected and they will start automatically when it is. Gotta love that!As much as I love the device I do have a few minor gripes which keep it from getting 5 stars (I would have given it 4 1/2 if the ratings let me). First off, the power button is poorly placed. The first few hours after I got it I accidentally turned it off more times than I can count. Even showing people how poorly placed the button was..."Opps, yeah I just turned it off by accident. See what I mean?" The Kindle 3G's power button is fine on the bottom because it's a slider. To put the Kindle in sleep mode you have to slide the button. It's possible of course (I've done it), but it's hard to do by accident too frequently. The Kindle Fire's power button on the other hand is an actual button. Hit it slightly and it goes to sleep. Holding it for a few seconds gives the prompt to power down. But just a light press and it goes into sleep mode. It's even more troublesome if you have a password set on it since you'll have to login again. It's happened less and less as days go on, but those initials hours were almost maddening. I suspect a case will probably help (it's back-ordered), but overall it was a major annoyance right out of the box.Another minor gripe is that it seems unresponsive at times. While overall navigation seems fast enough, and I have no complaints about the Silk browser, opening apps is sometimes slow. I can click something on my home screen, wait a few seconds, and it doesn't open. I click it again and it opens right up. Now is that just poor timing on my part? Am I pressing it too fast to register? Am I trying to click between apps too fast? I don't know. But I often have to press things twice to get them to open. Again, like with the power button, it may just take some time to adjust to having a tablet and not trying to click between apps too quickly, but it can be annoying. And thinking about my iPhone, where I often inadvertently open apps if I barely touch them, I don't know which is worse. Too sensitive (like the iPhone) can be annoying. But not sensitive enough is too.But all that being said, overall the Kindle Fire is a great device. Neither of those two gripes make me wish I hadn't bought it, and in the case of the power button, I've learned where not to put my hands (and like I said, a case might help with that). Regardless though, I love the Fire! I don't think it's an iPad killer, but I don't think it's supposed to be. What it is is a great media/web/email device. I often wonder how many iPad owners just wanted a web/email device to begin with, but didn't have any other legitimate or worthwhile options. Well, now you do.