I'm an avid reader and a writer who has tried every portable device under the sun. Smart phones (even the large ones) are too small to read comfortably or to type; laptops simply are not portable enough due to short battery lives; and other tablets were uncomfortably large for me (I've got small hands.) I've tried taking notes directly on screens with a stylus; I've tried Bluetooth keyboards; and I've tried typing directly on screens. Everything was either too large or too small. Other, similarly-sized tablets tend to lag, or the battery life is very poor.I've been an Apple holdout for a while. I had a little iBook a long time ago, and the system issues, general uselessness of the battery, the severe problems with transferring Word, Corel, and other word processing documents, and all-around, irritating, proprietary nature of Mac turned me off for several years. Don't get me started on what I thought of the pricing.After doing a lot of research, however, I took a chance on an iPad mini. It was the perfect size (decent screen, super thin, super light) the battery life is supposedly long (it is--seven hours on the brightest screen setting, several days on standby, 10-12 hours with a low or medium bright screen) extremely portable (very, very important) easy to backup (and from the backup, export to different formats if needed) and does exactly what I need it to do (word processing, graphic art, reading, and surfing.) I have never been happier with an electronic device. (I also use it as an iPod. And as a player for my Google Drive. It's fabulous.)To repeat, it's absolutely perfect for me. I can work on it for hours, it's powerful enough for professional art programs, it's great for writing (the native note app, Google Drive, the Corel app, and a couple of others) and it is by far the best screen for reading I've come across.I tried a Bluetooth keyboard, thinking the screen would be too small to type on. The Bluetooth was a dud--it only worked once--but that was a happy accident. The iPad mini is exactly the right size for me to comfortably type onscreen.I have no complaints with Safari. It's super-fast and while it isn't my favorite search engine ever, it naturally does the job. The only issue I had was figuring out how to open a link in a new tab. (This took me a week. I can be a little slow.)Now that the rave is over, there are a couple of caveats.First, while the screen is the perfect size for me to type on, I'm a small female with hands about 2/3 average size, so it may be too small for some people to comfortably type on.Second, there are (as noted by other reviewers) no USB ports. If you need a lot of memory, this is not the device for you. There is no easy way to expand it. This was actually a little disappointing for me, but Google Drive and Dropbox solved the problem for me. (I'm a lucky person who is never far away from a WiFi signal.)Also, there is no way to replace the battery. When it starts dying, it's done.It doesn't have the retina display that comes with the larger iPads. (It's still a better resolution than many other devices, but hey--no retina display is no retina display.)Finally, there isn't really any way to get around the price. It costs more than some laptops, and certainly more than the other tablets of its size.Personally, I think it's worth it. The sheer portability and quality of the item is incredible. The fact that it is literally perfect for everything I need to do makes it even better--for me.I strongly recommend the iPad mini, with one caveat: do your research. Make absolutely sure you know exactly what you need and what you want, and invest in a product that meets that. This is not the item for someone who needs a lot of onboard memory or a ton of power. Someone who wants just to surf or just an e-reader may be better served with another product, too--but then again, maybe not (like I said, this functions as the most delightful e-reader ever.)I love it, and I think most people will. Have fun =)