Since the first tablets came out three years ago, have not been a fan on typing in the same surface where the screen is (like the HPs Touch Screens) as your arms and fingers get tired, so had not been too interested in one.  Nevertheless, as I have been following up the tablets and due to a sale on the Internet, ordered a Refurbished Thrive for a very inexpensive price.  It is a 32 GB model with the Tegra Dual Processor and all the thrills characteristic of the Toshiba brand.The Thrive is not the Tablet that Anne Hathaway will bring to the Manhattan office (if The Devil Wears Prada was filmed in 2012) but it's more a tablet that would be used in Iron Man or The Transformers.  It is heavier and bulkier than the Samsung Galaxys and the Ipads (due to the expansion capabilities) and replaceable back cover.  But it looks Avatar alike.The main reason I selected a Thrive vs the well rated Motorola and Asus counterparts was the expansion capacities.  These Thrive Tablets have things used commonly with other electronic devices; USB, Mini-USB, SD, HDMI, replaceable battery and a regular jack for charging, unlike the Ipads which use "proprietary everything" and accept nothing.  Even though I have had this device for a week only, have found some surprising positive features and decided to write this preliminary review.Have been running some tests and here are the initial results.  Battery life with Google Maps, the GPS on and some movie playing is from six to seven hours.  Recharge time is two hours with the factory charger.  The Wi-Fi connects immediately to the Router I use and the Honeycomb (3.2) Android system which is very simple to use as have had a Droid phone for over a year.  The Android Marketplace has now been replaced by Google Plus and the software provided by Toshiba has been surprisingly good.All the applications downloaded work on the Thrive although some (used on the phones) vary considerably when used in these larger devices.  Many of these are similar or identical to their counterparts in the OS Systems but limitations exist.  As of now, the most surprising thing has been the Toshiba Multimedia Player.  There has not been the need to install supplemental VLC or Real Players as the Toshiba does everything in an unanticipated way.Unlike other devices such as the Apple products, the Toshiba Player does play videos in multiple formats, including the classic Audio Video Interleave; AVI that dates from the beginnings of Windows in the early nineties.  This video format allows you to record and watch movies up to an extremely small compression factor and the Thrive plays them like the Creative Zens do, perfectly.The Zens were manufactured by Creative Labs from 2005 to 2007 and unlike the Zune and Ipods, they play every format you may want to record.  AVIs take grossly one fifth the space comparable to other formats.  Thus in a 32 GBs SD card you can store five times the number of movies you may store in an Ipod or Zune.  You will not have aspect / ratio issues as the Toshiba systems compensates for that as does in the Zens.The Thrives audio consists of two mini speakers on the bottom (if placed horizontally/landscape) which have a half an inch aperture on each side.  They can be loud but cannot reproduce the usual low frequencies from regular sized speakers.  But as there is a Bluetooth in these tablets, an external auxiliary larger speaker might help with the lack of bass.Internet capabilities are the typical Google ones; just start typing and you will get it.  MS-Word is being replaced by Google Docs but free software of "Documents to Go" allows you to access al Office features as long as they have been saved in the system.  Skype works perfectly but the tablet cameras are not the best.So far I am satisfied with my new toy and continue experimenting with video compression to evaluate how much can I load into a 32 or 64 GB card.  But, thinking of overriding the Honeycomb System and installing the Ice Cream one in the next month or so.  Let's see how it goes; more to come.  Meanwhile, do not dare to try new things with your Thrive.