I was just getting on here to write a review of the Xoom myself. I have had this thing since it was just released. There have been times I wished I bought the iPad or Galaxy...those were the only real other choices when I purchased the Xoom. But as I learned this Xoom better I really do appreciate it and am glad I made the purchase. I am writing this review from it some several years later.Ok, plain and simple...It is a work horse powerhouse. May not be as stylish as others but it will get the job done. I don't  hardly ever turn on my pc. There is just little need for it unless I am processing large photos. I use a cloud external hard drive and this Xoom pulls it right up.The most impressive part it the durability. I have only had the zagg screen protector on it all these years. I have a 26 month old son who has loved the tablet since birth. In fact this Xoom has almost been handed down to him, except I don't know if I want to change even yet. He has banged on this as it were a drum set, spitl drinks and food all over it, dropped it on porcelain tile on the corner, screen and back side several times, knocked it off table, end table and just dropped countless times in  resturaunts. Quite honestly, I don't have the slightest clue how it is still working let alone no cracks on the screen. Can't believe the inside is still working. I am telling you this thing has seen some serious drops that I just knew was going to be a screen broken...Nope...the damage this Xoom does have is this..and please understand this is pure neglect on mypart. In no way am I saying this is any fault of the tablet. 100% my fault or this tablet would be in perfect external condition.There is the bottom right corner completely crushed and aluminum edge crushed and the inside edge has pushed the screen up just a tiny bit with a small indention (from the biggest drop on tile floor from 3-4 foot high). 15 other areas where the edge of the aluminum case is dented with some chipps on the powder coat. Apx 30 tiny nicks on the bottom edge (from the drums with metal all clad measuring spoons as drum sticks). several small scratches on the back and a couple teeth marks (he used to try to eat it at times) The screen is in perfect condition without a scratch on it. I used and still use the military grade stuff on the screen only. I forget the exact name but it was like zagg.My little one knows how to use this thing awesome. He just turned 2. He asks for it by name..tablet. I hand it to him and he powers it on, unlocks it and swipes to the icon he wants...wether it be you tube to watch shows or play games or piano or whatever. He even knows how to search videos on YT and how to go home and back to what ever