I was nervous to take the plunge into the tablet world because I love my gadgets and technology and know that I'm very particular. I've had a little bit to play with it since I've bought it now and I knew what I was looking for. Guess what? It does everything I wanted and probably more! I don't care if it's slightly thicker than most tablets and I don't care if it weights more than most tablets. I wanted a feature rich tablet that I am proud to carry around with me. Having the extra media inputs is AMAZING. Having a full size card reader is AWESOME. Upgrading to Ice Cream Sandwich immediately after purchase worked out all the bugs and frustration I was having with it. There are a few tiny things that are kind of annoying, what Android is perfect? I still give it a 5 out of 5 because I see it's still selling for around $400 and I paid about half that! That in itself is amazing. I feel like I got the deal of the century.16gb is lots of room to play with. There were some complaints of people saying they could only READ usb and SD card media, but I have no trouble reading AND writing to sd card and USB. Also, I tested watching movies on it and it worked, I tested watching movies and playing games thru the HDMI on my tv and that worked, I play my favorite games with my friends faster than I do on my Android cell phone, I love the big screen and think it has a great picture, the audio quality and volume is acceptable, it connects to any network and security I throw at it, bluetooth pairs with stuff easily, the USB works better than I expected (I even hooked up a 4 port USB hub and tried 2 flash drives and that worked!)... hmm what else? Oh the camera is decent and I don't mind the placement of the front camera even though I saw some complaints about that. It's fast and the nvidia really makes a difference! It multitasks nicely, sometimes I forget to close apps and you wouldn't even know it. OMG the best thing! I forgot to tell you! It charges ridiculously fast and holds a great charge all day for me! I'm assuming it's to do with the slightly larger charger that people are complaining about. I'm glad the charger is larger because if that means I can charge to 100% in about an hour and be on my way, that's fantastic. Why is anyone focusing on the size of the charger? I picture all these people complaining about how heavy these 1 pound or less items are to be extreme lazy weaklings that eat nothing but sugary foods all day and just lay around in front of a TV saying, "omg I have to use a muscle, my life sucks, all I want to do is whine and complain about stuff and lay around"I see why this tablet is called the iPad crusher, I don't have any desire to have an iPad now that I have this. Oh and guess what else? I can play Temple Run too :) I suck at it, but I can play it!