What makes Apple a great company is the amount of polish they put on their finished devices that ensure they work and work well. Bugs and other device problems aren't something you come to expect from Apple because of the tireless work that goes into making sure the manufactured parts work together in harmony. This was something manufacturers of other tablets did not do when they rushed their way to the market Apple was claiming all to itself. The result was a number of products, most of which had bugs or other serious performance problems.Anyway, the iPad 2 bulked up a bit from its predecessor. A dual core processor and a little more RAM helped keep this device up with the Johnsons, spec-wise. Usability-wise, it's still as friendly to the user as can be. The interface isn't complicated and anyone familiar with how an iPhone works will have no problem getting into this device right away.Cameras on front and back were added. It's a shame they couldn't get a HD camera sensor in the device because that would make Facetime all the better. As it is, the video quality isn't that great but it does what it says it does and the video chat function works pretty nice. The back camera? Never used it and don't plan to.Then there is the App Store itself. Instead of paying $69.99 every time you need to feed your kid's hunger for a new game, you can drop 99 cents for most applications, whether they are games or educational apps or any of the vast amount of programs created that fit anyone's budget. As tablets become more and more popular, more and more content is finding its way onto the device. ABC has a player where you can watch their new shows in their entirety. HBO has one, too. Doctors are using these devices as they make patient records easily available. Teachers use these to track grades for their classes and educational apps help them figure out what subject matter their students may be struggling with. And these are just two niche examples of what the device can do. As an everyday consumer, you can really shape this device around your life and even find applications that make your professional life easier.For a portable, in your bed experience, this works wonders. The backlight trims when it detects low lighting so your eyes won't strain. The 10 inch screen is more than enough for watching Netflix or other content you can stream (I use AirVideo since I have a lot of media on my home machine and it streams it all -- .AVI, .MKV, .MP4 -- perfectly).If you take this wifi model out of the house and find yourself in places where you don't have wifi access, you can still use whatever apps you have that don't require an Internet connection, or you can play videos that you store on the device. Since this is Apple we're talking about, you can find apps that will play any kind of media so you aren't stuck with just the .MP4 codec that Apple would prefer you use.There aren't many limitations to the device...Adobe Flash support is usually cited among the things people don't like about the device. Good news on that front: Adobe is abandoning Flash for mobile devices (in part because they can't fix the non-stop security holes Flash has) so eventually that won't be a concern. Steve Jobs said Adobe Flash was garbage and didn't get support for it with the iPad. Other manufacturers chose to include Flash but it didn't take long before they admitted it killed the battery life on their devices, while the iPad2 can go all day without needing a charge. Watch movies all day. Play games all day. You don't need this hooked up to a power outlet all the time like you would a laptop and this is much easier to carry around, so the number of situations you can use this device (waiting rooms, long car trips, air travel) goes way up.There are many things to like about this device and there are some drawbacks (no USB support besides tethering to your computer, no HDMI, no Adobe Flash and no expanded memory card slots. But they are few and nearly insignificant when you realize there are alternatives to the roadblocks you think you may face, including cloud storage.This tablet is the cream of the crop. There is some good competition out there but the ease-of-use, availability of 70,000 plus apps in the Apple app store, plus how dependable the device is keeps Apple on the throne of best tablet manufacturer.