I got the T301 and have been playing with it on and off until D-Day when I can officially start to use it, however I have been able to evaluate it quite a bit. With Christmas coming and all sorts of tablets being lauded about by woot and online vendors I thought I'd share some of my finding to help you decide NOT to purchase this tablet as a gift.The goodI'd like to point out that I like this tablet and that rooting and over clocking it has been relatively easy for me. I feel that with the mods available on this site I have a fairly good working tablet/reader. How I managed to get there is not something I'd ask anyone to do after getting a gift. Also, anyone you get this for is going to want to compare it to an iPad and if it can't run games like the iPad it's just not going to work for them. If all they need is an inexpensive color device to read Kindle books and you can find one for 100.00 or less, then ok get it. If you are buying this for yourself, want something to tinker with, and know up front it's not going to perform like an iPad (and you are OK with that) by all means find one at a cheap price < $100 and go for it, any more it's simply not worth the money.It's also built well and feels good in your hands. Once I got it straightened out web browsing and e-mail worked well. The only lingering issue I have is with a program called Dropbox.The badApp compatibility is horrendous. Getting an app to run on the T301 is a hit or miss affair that in many cases required me to do a factory reset to recover from. Popular games like Angry Birds simply will not run at present. That may change at some point, but it's not going to be enabled by the manufacturer.It's slow. Right out of the box I had problems. I had to use the reset button simply to power it on the first time. Once it was up I noticed that the screen was not very responsive and the apps perform poorly. You can get them doing better if you root the device and tweak it, but that's asking a little much of a pre-teen or grandmother to do. This is not a good device for a child, they will be so disappointed.I had to flash mine to 2.2.3 before it would work for practically anything (e-mail, web, etc.). Again, a little much to ask of a child or grandma.SummaryI'm digging it, but only because I don't need to play games on it and can tinker with it to get it to do stuff and to generally make it work. I'd never wish this on an average user and unless your giftee is tech savvy, don't bother getting them one of these. Pay a little more and get something with a bit more speed. I've seen a Visio tab that looked good recently for 159.00, and several times I've seen Xoom's for 329.00. Both seem to be better tablets than this one. Even the Kindle Fire (I hate the GUI) is better, especially for the neophyte.Not wanting to bag on this thing too much since I do like it and am hopeful about it's future in the hacking community, but don't go buying this for a child that wants an iPad.