I originally had my Le Pan ii back-ordered toward the end of December, but when I saw (briefly) that CircuitCity (though Amazon) had these in stock, I cancelled my original order, and ordered again with them. That was January 27. I received it about 6 hours ago, and so far, I couldn't be more pleased. Immediate impressions:1. It's got some weight to it. It's not heavy, but it weighs enough to let you know it's there. Not like some gadgets that feel like nothing in your hand. It doesn't feel like a toy.2. It feels well made - the screen is perfectly smooth, and the metal on the back is a nice touch. It really seems like a quality tablet.3. It really looks like an iPad, except it doesn't have the home button.4. The Quick Start Guide is a joke.After my initial assessment, I made sure to charge it completely before I started to use it. That seems to be the main difference between those who've had trouble with the tablet, and those who haven't. Once it charged up, I input my WiFi password and it connected right up. The connection's been stable ever since. I haven't yet done a speed test to see the actual throughput of the connection, but it's definitely zippy! I immediately downloaded a few apps (Twitter, Facebook, Firefox, Gmail) and tested each one. All performed flawlessly. Will install Netflix later on to see how streaming video looks and works on it.The screen is gorgeous - bright, vivid colors, and a ton of real estate. Really crisp, if a bit reflective. It reminds me of the iPad screen. Also, it's really responsive - no lag. One note, though - the screen collects fingerprints. Not a problem for me (it's a touchscreen, what else would you expect??), and the included cleaning cloth wipes them away easily.The on screen keyboard is surprisingly easy to get used to, especially if you've got some familiarity with virtual keyboards. The keys, especially when the tablet is in landscape mode, are spaced well and are large enough that accuracy isn't much of an issue.The speakers are much better than expected. I've used plenty of mobile devices, and I've never been impressed with the sound quality or volume. But the Le Pan ii sounds good! I actually had to turn the volume down a bit in the office. It puts out surprisingly good quality sound at a good volume. Once I load some music onto it, I'll put the speakers more thoroughly through their paces.So far, I'm liking the placement of all the buttons and ports. They're all in one location, so you always know where to go. The volume rocker is a bit small and lacking tactile cues (no raised areas or dots on it so you can find it without looking) but I expect with time that I'll get to know its position without any issues. It's a minor thing, not worth lowering my rating.So, as I said, at this point, I'm absolutely happy with the Le Pan ii. Glad I waited for it instead of being impatient and getting something else. For the price, you really do get so much with this tablet! I'll use and test it over the coming week or so, and will update this review if anything changes!