I bought an iPad today and I think it is going to work for me pretty well. It is not going to replace my laptop (MacBook) in work related activities, but it is going to replace it in fun-related activities. After working on my laptop all day long, when I want to relax and do some casual internet browsing, reading, watch my photos, etc I want to move away from my desk without carrying my 5 lb laptop with me (and also unplugging it from an external monitor and bunch of other cables). iPad allows me to do exactly this. 1.5 lbs vs 5 lbs (MacBook Pro) is a big difference. Instant on makes a big difference as well. I used to use my iPod Touch for these purposes, but it is too small to browse the Internet comfortably, and overall its 3.5" screen is too tiny pretty much for antything. (It worked as a e-reader to me pretty well though).I spent a lot of time trying to find a nice netbook, but after looking at one that my friend bought I realized that this is not going to work - these are just small (and therefore inferior) versions of laptops. I gave Kindle a try, but did not really like it. I gave MacBook Air a really close look, but that thing is twice as heavy and three times as expensive. iPad is conceptually new device and it seems to fill a niche that Apple is trying to fill pretty nicely.Some people say iPad is just a big iPod Touch, and this is true - it is a larger and better iPod Touch. This is why I like it. Its screen is 4-5 times larger, and it is less than twice as expensive (as I recall the cheapest iPod upon its release was priced at $299). I would say this is how iPod Touch was supposed to be from the very beginning. I always felt that my iPod touch was too large for an mp3 player and too small for an internet browsing device. May be without knowing it, I became an Apple geek - now I have a Macbook, an iPad, an iPod Touch, and iPod Nano. Probably I will get rid of my iPod Touch, but the other three devices complete each other perfectly: MacBook is for work, iPad is for casual browsing, reading, and checking email, and iPod Nano is for music and audiobooks.I got my iPad, keeping this 14-days return policy in mind, but I am pretty sure I am going to keep it. A lot of critical things that were mentioned here are true: I wish the screen was not glossy, and I wish it was lighter (but lets be realistic - it is way lighter than all laptops and quite a bit lighter than most notebooks), and I wish it could play Adobe flash videos. This is pretty much it - I don't see anything else that bothered me about this device. And there are tons of things that make me happy about it: a beautiful screen, quick response, external speakers (I really missed them on m iPod Touch), and as mentioned before - instant on.Looking back, I really feel that a lot of negative reviews that I've read did not make much sense - this device should be judged for what it is, not for what it could have been..