Pros: I am an inbound college student going into Mechanical Engineering. I as told that I need some sort of tablet pc, so bought this device over an hp elitebook. As the previous poster said, this is NOT a tablet, it is a combination of a notebook and a tablet, taking some of the best features of both. If you want a tablet I recommend the Iconia A500.The touch screen is phenomenal(which is, by the way, protected by the nearly indestructible gorilla glass.) I have very oversized fingers, and many times have problems with accuracy on touch screens. On the Iconia, I am just as accurate as I am on an ipod touch, which has the leading touch screen for the last 5 years.Along with the touch screen comes the touch keyboard, which I know is a bit of a scare for some people. It is not hard to adjust, and I am personally very fast on this keyboard, even faster than on a normal keyboard because of the sensitivity. Your fingers will fly across the touch keyboard once you get used to it.The touch software on this notebook is very fun to use. It works just as advertised, and I love using touch photo, music, and video. It also includes a few Microsoft Surface programs, such as virtual earth 3D(very cool), a photography program to create collages, and a fish tank "lagoon" screen saver that is responsive to your touch. If you use windows media player, the touch screen makes it even easier to use and better than ever.As far as ports go, the Iconia 6120 has anything that you will need for todays use. USB 3.0, USB 2.0, VGA, HDMI, Ethernet, headphone and microphone. It also comes with a memory card reader which i have found to be very useful. It is missing an optical drive, but in todays world this is rarely used... programs are downloaded online, and movies are stored directly on the device and transferred via USB 3.0 at high speeds.It is very easy to add memory. The whole bottom of the Notebook slides offCons: Now for the cons. Unfortunately for you gamers, this is not the laptop for you. The intel HD graphics will not be good enough for any graphic-intensive games that you would like to play.Battery life is REALISTICALLY 1.5 hours... unacceptably short. And I have found no way to replace the battery which means I am stuck.Missing bluetooth, so you must buy a USB adapter if you really need this.I cannot understand WHY Acer only included the last gen i5 processor. The Notebook is plenty fast, but I still would have liked to have the current processor.Now for a bit of a story. I bought this notebook from Microsoft Store online, and bought Microsoft signature Premium for better support. The device worked perfectly, except that the touch browser software would crash every time I closed a tab... annoying right? So I called up Microsoft premium support and after a few days found that microsoft signature was conflicting with the touch software and causing the crash. So I called Acer and they tell me that I need to buy a warranty... what? After a few angry phone calls the microsoft technician did a conference call and then my limited warranty magically appeared. I finally got to send in to get repaired for free by acer, and upon receiving it I found a new problem. The touch browser was fixed, but the touch screen would randomly click all over the op screen. After another week on the phone with microsoft, we found that it was a hardware issue that appeared when it was sent to the repair center...? Again, I was able to send it in, and long story short Acer customer service SUCKS!!! It takes about 45 minutes of hold music before a rep will answer the phone, and unless you get teh second tier service, they are all indians that dont know what they are talking about and you cannot understand a damn thing they say. Buy another type of service like signature premium if you can. The guys at microsoft are very nice and very helpful. After all of that, It works very smooth and I love it.Full Review:Overall I am very happy with my purchase, I was expecting some sort of problem with such new bleeding edge technology so I was not very upset learning that I had to send it in. I WAS upset with Acers customer service though.As far as the actual notebook goes, It is exactly what I wanted and works better than expected. Would recommend to anyone who is remotely interested and doesnt mind having a terrible battery life