I bought this tablet a while back and have been very happy with it since.  I don't pretend to know enough about modern technology to really comment on the quality of it's parts or how it compares to other similar items.  I know it isn't an iPad, but, really, if you want an iPad (or a Galaxy Tab or any of the other high-end tablets) then you might as well just save up your money and get one.  This little thing will never measure up to high-end standards.This is, however, probably the best tablet I've owned at this price point.  It has the coveted capacitive screen, which works quite well.  It has Android 2.3 and will support flash and I have managed to get the Android Market running on it as well.  It even has a tilt sensor :D  It seems to work well with most major-name apps (Angry Birds, et al).  It has no GPS, no 3G, no Bluetooth, and battery life is somewhat limited.  The internal memory is ok, but it makes up for it by having the Micro SD card slot and the HDMI output works like a charm, so you can easily plug it into an HD TV or monitor and watch movies or whatever.Again, it's not high-end, but for the price, it's probably the best you're going to get.Like any computer, it all comes down to what you want to do and what you want out of it.I use it mostly at work, on break, where I read or play games (I love playing Worms on this thing, that and Bejeweled :D), I also have used it as a portable photo display, so I can showoff my photography to friends and coworkers.  I also get good use out of it with Splashtop, as that app allows me to stream from my PC via our local WIFI network, so I can watch all my favorite videos and whatnot while I do dishes or clean up the house.  I also find it useful for writing (using Documents to Go) and for web browsing when I'm at coffee shops or restaurants.If you look at that list and go "Hey, I could probably do with one of those!" Then you'll probably like this little tablet.One last thing I will say: If you want everything this tablet has to offer, you need to be ready to know what you're doing.  Non-high-end Android Tablets (like this one) are not always 100% perfect and almost always require some small fiddling or adjusting to get peak performance out of.  I have mine rooted (which was required for the Android Market to be installed) and I have disabled some unneeded default apps in order to free up memory and save battery life.  These kinds of things are not something you should do unless you know what you're doing.  If you feel like you would want to know more, I can highly recommend visiting the forums at [...]  Find the Coby forum and the kind folks there will certainly be willing to point you in the right direction to get the best out of your tablet.With all that said, I can say that I don't regret getting my Coby Kryos MID7127, it has been very useful and has provided a lot of function for a remarkably low price.  It's really a hard deal to beat :)