I just clicked the buy button for a "Samsung Series 7 XE700T1A-A05US 11.6-Inch Slate (64 GB, Win 7 Pro)"I am a Design Engineer who often spends time in the field evaluating machinery and systems. I put away the laptop several years ago as the battery life was dismal and it just wasn't as portable as my needs required. Up till now I get by with my I-phone but it's tough to really do a decent email.Before that expensive mouse click, I spent over 10 hours over several days reading professional & personal reviews, blogs and anything I could find on a windows 7 tablet (or slate). I was caught between this and the ASUS offering but after extensive reading, found that there are several niceties you get with the Samsung. . . The rear camera, 128 Gig SSD (VS 64 on the ASUS)Win 7 Pro (VS Win 7 Home on the Asus)and somewhere I read that the processor on the Samsung is faster (not certain about that). As the device won't arrive for a few days, I can't say if I made the right choice yet but here is a list of what I am envisioning. . .Capable of running Solidworks E-Drawings to review Solidworks models and assemblies. I wish it could run Solidworks but I think that's asking too much.Running all Office programs, power point, word, notes, outlook, Excel, etc.AutoCAD as well. Good handwriting recognition so I can take notes and mark up drawings and photos.Camera on the screen side so I can say hello to my wife while I'm on the road. And a camera on the back so I can take some shots of machines in action and then add notes using the stylus.With all this ability (if all I have read is true), making my trip reports should be a lot easier.I'll let you know within a few weeks as I have a road trip coming up. I gave it five stars to begin with - we'll see if I take any off over time.JW. . .. . .To continue - The slate showed up in three days as promised. I bought the dock somewhere else and saved 30 bucks or so.I have installed SolidWorks 11 and it opens and lets me edit single parts easily. I haven't tried a complex assembly yet but I'm not expecting much as the video is probably going to tank a bit. As I oversee machine design for our Engineering Department yet often have to be on the road, I'll be able to review designs using E-Drawings which I have tried, and it runs extremely well - even for complex assemblies.Handwriting recognition using the stylus is amazing. I went through a bit of the "teach" program that helps the software learn your style of writing but I didn't go through every lesson. It seems to learn as I write though (and edit mistakes).The glass gets fingerprints on it but its a piece of glass for crimeny sake. Besides, the prints aren't noticeable looking straight at the screen.I removed some of the gadgets as I'm not a Facebook or twitter fan and I use Outlook for my calendar and to-do lists. The computer has a clock so I removed that additional gadget as well.Battery life is fine at around five + hours. I have the screen brightness set around 30% which works fine for me.Currently Installed Programs; Solidworks Pro, Microsoft Office (all of it), E-Drawings, Autodesk Sketchbook Pro (awesome with the pressure sensitive pen).A  few points against Samsung - the tiny piece of plastic that covers the single USB port is silly. The first time I removed it (which wasn't easy), it popped out and flew about five feet. I found it, but ended up putting it in a safe place in my dresser drawer. This should have been a rubber cover with a tang to keep it attached. Having the port open shouldn't be an issue as the base station port has no cover and is probably more delicate. It may have been a better decision to not even have a cover if it's not going to be usable.The other negative is no pen storage. While I probably won't loose it, it a second thing to grab when I'm headed out and having it slip into the side (like the ASUS) would have been sweet. I bought the case logic cover and while it seems made for the slate, it has no place to store the stylus either.I already had a mini HP keyboard that uses a tiny USB dongle and it works awesome. My fingers are too fat to use the onscreen keyboards for anything other than a few keystrokes - like entering passwords. There is also an additional on-screen keyboard program called "Swipe" but I didn't get along with it at all and removed the program entirely.Overall, I am very happy with this portable touch computer/digitizer and would buy it again.JW