The iPad is full of the promise for the future and when you buy it, that's what you are banking on - that things will be awesome in the future. I purchased the 64-Gig Wi-Fi version on day one and immediately had problems with it. I arrived at my hotel from my business meeting at about 5pm and wanted to play with my new toy. It took 3hrs to sync my 50 Gig iTunes Library because it kept crashing, it was nightmare because it kept finding "corrupted" files during the sync process and crashing - these are files I purchased in iTunes and had to DELETE before the sync would work and to make matters worse I can't re-download those files, so if I want another Digital copy of Terminator - that work, I would have to buy it (even though it had always synched fine before). It's why I loathe DRM. The hotel that I was in only used a hard wired connection, so I had to go down to the lobby to use the WiFi and set up all my apps which wasn't cool. Due to the lack of multi-tasking it took almost two hours to set up my apps like the Kindle, Marvel, etc. Because I could only download one book at a time and I had to sit there and watch the download progress bar. It was almost 11pm by the time I finally got everything setup.At the Airport, I didn't want to pay $10 for two hours of WiFi (another reason I hate WiFi only devices, most places charge too much money for it and it rarely works well), so I tried to watch a couple of movies and the screen completely washed out in the "bright" light. I couldn't see any movies that were "dark" like Harry Potter, Xfiles, etc.  After one day of minimal use this thing had Smudges all over the place, it looked ugly when turned off. Luckily the smudges don't really show when it's turned on.The real trouble started when I got home. The thing refused to stay connected to my Verizon Fios network. Every time it woke from sleep not only did I have to reconnect but I had to re-enter my Network ID, reading web sites became an exercise in frustration because it disconnected literally every 2 or 3 minutes. And a lot of Apps simply "crashed" the second the connection was lost. So it failed miserably at it's most basic function. I found it to be too big, heavy and uncomfortable to actually read in Bed, I actually had to lay it down in landscape mode with a little prop stand provided by the iPad case to read it. If I had to do that, I'd might as well use a laptop. I'm assuming I would have gotten used to holding if I had more time to play with it, but I only had an unreasonable 14 days to return it.When Apps work, they were beautiful to look at and use - Plants Vs. Zombies, Marvel, Comixology, ABC, Yahoo (surprisingly amazing free app), Kindle, Zinio, etc. The Apps is why you get this. The problem is a lot of these apps are way too much where they are .99 or 2.99 on the iPhone, they are inflated to $10 and up on the iPad. The price inflation is ridiculous, especially considering most of these apps won't work on your iPhone. I'd be willing to pay $7 or $8 if they worked on both.For a device that's $900 (it's only worth purchasing the 3G 64 Gig Model - you will fill up the 16 and 32 gigs quickly when the apps are averaging almost a gig), it's damn difficult to actually get my files onto the device. I have a bunch of Comic book .jpgs, word docs, etc. that I would like use, but have yet to figure out how to actually get them on the device. I broke down and bought the Pages App because that was supposed to make it easy, but it did nothing to help me get my files over. So that was a waste of money. Apple just screwed over iPad users by delaying the release of the SDK 4.0 that brings multi-tasking until this fall.So yes, I returned the WiFi version, I'm tempted to get the 3G version but $900 is just too much for a device that's only based on potential, and not what it actually is today. It also kills me that I kind of miss having it and I would be rewarding Apple for making the WiFi version so Gimpy that I'm forced to purchase the 3G when I already know how bad AT&T;'s 3G is.