I almost bought one from Staples when the 16gb version was reduced to $300.  Just couldn't print out the coupon since I was travelling.  Glad I couldn't.  I got the 32 gb version for $150 and its been great.First and foremost...install preware.  its a huge difference.  i got mine at 1.5 with some of the patches installed like the remove logging.  lag free operation.webos with the card system is great.  true multitasking.  notification system is something I'd just keep off when using my ipod Touch cause it was more of a bother than help.  not so with how webos does it.the browser: the only complaint I have is that I'd prefer a tab system.  otherwise i've got a true web experience going.  can watch games on espn3 - huge college football fan here so that's big for me.  i'm watching two games on my TV that's hooked up to my xbox 360.  another game on my 2nd TV and another game on my Touchpad.  Football heaven.oh and the quality of the calling using skype is great.  haven't had one person yet ask whether I was on speakerphone or anything cause it sounded weird to them.  most don't realize i'm not on an actual phone until I tell them i'm calling from my Touchpad.  I have the skype subscription for unlimited calls so the tablet has become my home phone essentially and I don't come close to running out of my 1500 minutes/texts $30 plan through t-mobile.  obviously the camera isn't top notch so video calling using the Touchpad isn't going to have you looking like you are in HD to the person you are video chatting with but still a clear picture if enough lights are on.  a 2nd camera would be nice, but not necessary since no tablet cameras to date are exactly stellar.  nice to be able to video record now with the 3.04 update.oh, i had never played angry birds until getting the free HD version that comes included with the Touchpad.  game is addictive and i play with my daughter a ton so that was an unexpected bonus.  overall though the app catalog definitely is on the light side.  a lot of the apps i use on my iPod Touch aren't needed on the Touchpad though since I can just go to the website - ie: Engadget, craigslist, IGN, google docs, ESPN apps.  but not exactly going to find any dora the explorer games.  and i really like the accuweather app surprisingly - didn't think I could like a weather app so much.the e-mail system works how I'd want it to.  i delete my hotmail or read it and when I check my hotmail account online it shows those messages as read and the ones I deleted are gone - had issues with that on my iPod Touch (might have been user error).overall i'm very happy with it the purchase and wouldn't trade it for any other tablet - even before the price reduction i preferred the touchpad to the iPad and the android tablets but that was personal preference of course.  at $150 this was the best gadget purchase of mine in quite some time.