Well initially i bought the ipod touch 4g generation but i felt like i was missing out and i really wanted to try out a tablet not shell out $500. What i mean by this is that i wanted something for school that was portable but not to heavy, and yet powerful enough to do work while at school. So i ended up trading the ipod touch for a brand new hp touchpad.The goodThe hp touchpad is light enough to carry with my engineering books, fits well in my backpack.Portable enough to take out in lectures and use it to take notes. The screen size is great, watching videos like youtube and movies is perfect on the hp touchpad screen. I disable the automatic dim so the screen is very bright. The sound is great and i was actually surprise how good the sound is without headphones. The browser is ok does the job but needs to be improved. The few games that i played in webos look amazing specially the racing games, I played EA need for speed and asphalt, one word would be amazing. Also angry birds is fun and looks good on the hp touchpad. There was no lag while playing the games, they run well and look good. Also i use the hp touchpad a lot for reading pdf articles and pdf books, no problems here i load the PDFs and just start reading, and like i said before the screen is bright enough so that reading does not hurt my eyes. hp touchpad has a true Multitasking, open youtube listen to music then open another webpage and start reading something else and youtube is still there playing on the background.i was able to put android on the hp touchpad and you would not believe how smooth and how much better of a device it becomes. Even though its an alpha stage the device runs great. i can use almost all apps from the android market. in near future ice cream sandwich probably will be ported to hp touchpad, so i am waiting patiently. i am not kidding when i say that the true power of hp touchpad comes out with android you have to see for yourself to believe it.Overclocking the hp touchpad makes it more fluid when using webos, i have mine currently at 1.5 Ghz on both cores.The email client for webos is good.The Bad The ugly1.I am not sure why they released webos if was not finished, i used webos version 3.0.2 and seem very slow compared to 3.0.4. Yet 3.0.4 without overclocking is laggy.So it seems that every update the device is getting better.2. The browser does the job but it sucks at rendering some web pages, for some web pages it loads pretty good and for some it takes ages to load and for some they dont even load. cnn looks good and also some other news web sites. You can tell that the browser needs a lot of work. Also i have notice that in webos pinch to zoom in could be more fluid like android, sometimes the there is laggy pinch to zoom in. Sometimes when scrolling the classical checkboard show up. for me the experience of web-browsing on the hp touchpad under webos has been a hit or a miss. I wish i had the ability of using an alternative web browser for webos like firefox or opera but no such options exist but for now users are stuck on the default browser, hopefully with newer updates they improve the web browser. For now i boot into android and use the web-browser which is very responsive and very fluid.3.Very few support for webos in terms of apps and now that hp kill webos well forget it, but on the good side android ice cream sandwich will get ported later so who cares.4.I would have liked to have seen an sd card expansion instead of the camera,this is more a personal choice than a con.5. Overall the tendency of webos to be laggy.I honestly don't know how hp expected to compete with ios or android. In my opinion webos seems very incomplete, and the lack of any development from the very beginning meant that webos was doomed. Don't get me wrong i like webos is just that i wish it was more responsive. Overall the hp touchpad serves as a media device or productivity. Can tablets replace laptops absolutely not at least not in my case.i would rate the hp touchpad 5 stars because android can run on hp touchpad (i do recommend this to my friends if they want a tablet that can run android and run it at full speed ) please note the hardware is very capable.if only webos then i would rate 4 stars because webos and browser need work ( if you are not going to mess around with the os and just use webos just be aware that webos is buggy and laggy)by the way i bought a stylus Targus Stylus for Apple iPad and use that stylus to write handwriting notes on the hp touchpad using freenote app(more apps available also) from android it works like a champ