The Kindle Fire is a true media consumption tablet.  It is designed for that purpose and it does it very well.  I like the interface that amazon has developed for the android os.  I have now had this for a week and I love it.  I'm still getting used to the fact I have a tablet and don't have to do everything that I used to do on the phone on the phone but on the tablet.  However, it is only wi-fi, and I knew that going into it, though I do wish it had the 3g option, like certain versions of the iPad.  Will it be a true iPad killer, only time will tell, but so far the numbers have put it at a good strong second, 20% of the public say they'll buy a Fire, though still 65% say they'll buy an iPad.  The price is the major point, but also that it is from Amazon, a company that we trust to deliver on what they say.  I am looking forward to some company coming out with an attachable keyboard, if it is possible.  I'll comment more when I have had more time to delve into all that the Fire can do.  So far, I love it and, it is not an iPad, but it is definitely a great product that I'm looking forward to seeing where Amazon goes with this.  With such a solid base for products, the Prime membership, the Amazon cloud for music storage, the app store with great support, and of course that wonderful book selection, and excellent screen resolution, how could you go wrong.  I have watched a couple of movies on it and the battery life is great, it only moved 10% or less of the battery for one movie because it only uses wi-fi.  I have a Kindle 2 3g and I love reading on it, and with the Fire I was concerned about the screen being lighted versus the e-ink.  Amazon definitely has done their homework and my eyes are not fatigued as much as I thought they might be.  I do tire a little quicker when reading for extended periods of time with the Fire when compared to the regular Kindle, hours at at time for me.  I do admit that I was concerned with the screen size for watching movies, but it is fine.  My eyes were not tired at all at the end of a 2 hour movie and the sound coming from the headphones was great.  I am glad that Netflix was able to get an app for it as well as many of the apps that I already had on my android phone.  I do recommend this to anyone who would like to have a tablet computer that will fit in one hand and have a great backing of a strong company.  Though, I do wish it had 3g capability, maybe in future versions.  I bet they did not include the 3g for battery life.  I now have only charged it once since I got it and I do use it regularly.