Pros:-Real solid build quality. Far better than the Toshiba I owned.-Keyboard has a great, tactile feel for typing.-Very solid screen hinge (solid metal) with full 360 rotation. Far better than any of the competition.-Stylus with two buttons instead of just one.-Five tablet buttons with a modifier key allows for 10 customizable shortcut keys-13.3" Wacom Penabled screen allows for pressure sensitive capabilities in Photoshop and other aware apps.-Not a 'dual touch' screen. For those interested in drawing, this is an advantage since dual touch screens (use a stylus or finger) can conflict when using the stylus. If your palm touches the screen it competes with the pen.-Screen brightness that allows for true outdoor use. Other tablet PCs I've used didn't get near as bright.-Can add a modular battery to double battery life.-Bluetooth capable to add wireless devices such as a mini keyboard to use when in tablet mode.-Three USB slots, 1 Firewire slot, PCMCIA slot, Optical drive CD-RW/DVD-R-Fingerprint security sensor.-Compatible with Windows XP, Vista or Windows 7. If you're an XP diehard, there probably isn't a faster tablet PC available to run that OS. The Fujitsu-refurbished model I bought on 'fee-bay' included restore disks for XP and Vista.-64bit or 32bit capable (for Vista or 7). Unfortunately, Microsoft never made a 64bit XP Tablet PC edition.-Fujitsu tablet PC software additions are a big help, such as a customize-able shortcut panel.-Fairly light. Not as light as a slate type tablet, but I was pleasantly surprised that it was in no way heavy.Cons:-Gets a little hotter than I would like, but runs much cooler than my Toshiba did. I have a good cooling base fan in use that keeps it within an acceptable heat range.-This point is probably the biggest complaint I have about this computer. Fortunately, this is an issue that can be conquered fairly easily thanks to really helpful users out there. For some reason, Fujitsu disabled the Secondary Landscape screen orientation with this Tablet PC. I had to download a replacement video driver straight from Intel and do a registry edit to get the feature to work. Secondary landscape is the 180 degree screen flip needed when using the computer in landscape tablet mode. The fix procedure was found by Google-ing "T5010 secondary landscape". This took me to a [...] forum thread where users have posted the half hour procedure that works in any version of Windows. It was a little tedious but doable even for a non tech head like me.Conclusion:I've owned one other convertible tablet PC before buying this one. I decided on upgrading to this model after reading someone mention it had the best outdoor capable screen (brightness level) and that it was capable of running XP yet still had a dual core. It can recognize up to 3.5gb of RAM in 32bit OS and can take and recognize up to 8gb of RAM in 64bit OS.I know another review mentioned 'small cracks' in the screen due to thin glass. Not sure about this being thin glass as I'm sure it uses glass similar to most any laptop glass. Tablet PCs in general seem to be a breed that needs a little more care than other laptops and this has been true with all the one's I've seen. With that said, I think the Fujitsu models are the MOST durable tablets short of a Panasonic Toughbook which you would pay double for. Motion Computing looks like they make fairly durable tablets, but they are slate style only and seem to be less mainstream.I was somewhat disappointed when I experienced the debacle with Secondary Landscape (described above) and it doesn't make sense why Fujitsu disabled that feature/function. But since I was able to conquer that situation, I am not downgrading the review considering the machine does so well on so much other criteria. From the research I've done, this Fujitsu T5010 is the all around best tablet PC available for drawing and art, (Photoshop, Corel, Painter, Illustrator, Sketchpro, etc) which is what I use it for.