I considered getting a tablet for a while, but have never been someone who rushes into the "latest fad" in electronics.  Last December I saw my kids at Christmas and my DIL had an iPad2.  It was nice, but way too pricey for me, however I did like the features it offered and was looking for something similar without the proprietary connections Apple requires.  After much reading and learning, I stumbled upon the Le Pan II.  It seemed to have everything I wanted without the huge cash outlay required by some other manufacturers.I ordered mine March 9th and received it April 2nd.  I've waited to write a review to give myself time to familiarize myself with most of the things that can be done with this tablet.  So far I have used Gmail, Hotmail, YouTube, Twitter, Skype, Facebook, several games (Pirates Of The Caribbean - Master of the Seas, AirAttack, TV and Movie trivia games, etc), Flixster, Regal, Google World and at least two drawing apps plus numerous other miscellaneous apps which are available for free.  I've downloaded apps from getjar, Google Play and the Amazon Android market.  I've changed the wallpaper, created, configured and changed my notification ringtone from a MP3 file.  I've listened to music, radio and police/fire scanners and used the GPS module.  I've formatted and installed two different 32gb microSD cards with no problems and transferred data (music and photos) again with no problems.In other words I think I have tried and tested just about every thing this tablet has to offer.  All with few to no problems (had one small problem with a Hotmail app, but I changed it to an older version and have had no other problems except my lack of tablet experience).  I've connected to 3 different wifi routers (home and two more on the go).I also contacted the Le Pan support site.  Emailed them from their website over a weekend (on a Sunday), received a reply Monday morning.  Request was filled within two days (I ordered an extra USB cable and charger plug).  I received them today (April 17) and they even sent me an extra wrist strap at no extra charge.  No issues with the tablet which required any further support.I got a CaseCrown black tablet case (currently unavailable) as well as a soft-sided sleeve from Disney and the Armorsuit screen protectorArmorSuit MilitaryShield - Le Pan II Screen Protector Shield with Lifetime Replacements. It protects the screen from scratches and minimizes the fingerprints as well as making it easier to wipe them off when they do occur.Tablet feels solid, well-built, sturdy and between many of the reviews and posts here, as well as YouTube, and the Lepanlife forum, plus a friend I made via the review comments if I had a question I found the answer in short order.  A huge thank you to all those who took the time to write lengthy reviews about this tablet and post videos.My tablet came with Baseband v.118 which appears to have solved most of the problems people had in the past.  The only thing I haven't tried yet is Bluetooth because I do not have any Bluetooth accessories to test.  Frankly, the keyboard (while it does take a little getting used to) is adequate for typing.  No, I cannot type as fast on it as I would a full size keyboard, but it's good enough for now.  At some point I may get one with Bluetooth, but for now I couldn't be happier.  I got everything I wanted for almost half the cost of a similarly configured tablet and mine has (basically) unlimited storage capabilities via the 32gb microSD cards.  If I need more storage, I just buy another card.