The iPad is revolutionary.  Sure, it's not the first tablet out there, but this year all anyone can talk about is a tablet, what's better, why to get an iPad, why not to get an iPad... I'm not sure when all the Apple hatred started, for me it was a lifelong obsession.  I grew up on DOS, moved to windows 3.11... I hated apple on principle.  I had an epiphany one night as I struggled to use my windows laptop and finally discovered that all those great things a windows based pc can do... I never use! So I switched to apple. My iMac replaced my unrelisble desktop.  My iPhone then replaced my irritating blackberry.  Then my iPod nano replaced my buggy zine (and iTunes replaced the ever changing nightmarish zine software - seriously, the original version was perfection MS, but alas). I had but one problem, my laptop.  I didn't want to do the full on laptop thing, since apple laptops have one of the same problem as all other laptops... Battery life.  For me, my laptop comes out when I travel, or want to window shop in the living room, but otherwise it gets put away in favor of my far superior desktop.  What I wanted was a laptop that I can pick up and go with.  Here is the iPad.  Me and a few friends got iPads, and now we have them all the time.  None of us ever carried around a laptop with us unless we were traveling.  Now, we have them at all times.The question for many is: can it replace my laptop.  The real question should be, can your laptop replace your iPad? I see far more iPad wielding corporate soldiers in the coffee shops now days, snickering at the laptop relic holder that runs in to plug his laptop in, not sure if he put it on sleep or power save mode before he left the house.  No, my iPad can't do more.  It can't play world of Warcraft or command and conquer.  But do you leave the house to do those things... No? Then why do you want your iPad to do it? Sure the iPad has games, but unless your a card game addict, it's only there to keep you busy for about a half hour while you can't do much else. Otherwise, I challenge you to find something I can't do.  Don't bring up flash, it was a sore issue at first, but since I found out either the anti iPad people are lying to me about the need for flash, or I just get lucky, I have found 1, yeah that's right 1 site that I don't get to play with, and it was just doing a search for a homework assignment and I found the site to be bogus on my desktop... Oh well.  HTML 5 is here and it's kicking butt. Flash has been on the edge for almost 4 years as devs looked for better ways to do Internet... And the iPad has ushered the revolution.  To think that this little device changed the Internet...I have complaints.  The first is that I am addicted to this thing.  It goes everywhere with me from the garage (how to vids) to the bathroom (why not watch a little Netflix or YouTube while I... Er... Download).  The second is that it is missing some things. It needs that camera on there.  IPad video chatting should be a next big step.  I want an sd slot for this thing, rather than be forced to shell out extra money for the bigger drive. The last thing I want is a screen lock switch.  It is funny to look at a photo and turn the photo to a different angle to look at something , only to have the screen adjust back to how it was in the first place.The best things... Simplicity, durability, longevity.  This is what makes it so much better than a laptop.  Simplicity makes it lessaggravating than a standard computer. You would be surprised at the durability of this thing (my 5 and 6 year olds play games on it all the time).  But the most significant factor is the longevity.  The advertised 10 hours is a lie.  I have not charged mine in two days, and I use nearly every waking hour.  Movies, airplay, dictation, games, everything... It's at 33% right now.  As a consumer I would have never even thought about an iPad if my laptop could go on batteries this long, I could have dealt with the frustration and blue screens all day long if I had power.  The iPad lasts forever. That is the number one selling point to me.  You will be surprised to see how much you can do if you don't have to plug in all the time.All this being said, if you can afford it... Get it, if you can't, sorry.From my iPad