Not shooting for most helpful review here. I couldn't compete with Kaio's Thrive Diary review. I bought the Samsung Galaxy Tab 7 on a whim, because it was on sale and looked cool. I used it a few times, but it just didn't feel right. It seemed like it was small, difficult to figure out, and I was afraid of breaking it. It sat around, for months until a co-worker of mine said he was looking for a tablet. I sold it to him and he loves it.I bought the Thrive on a whim, because it was on sale and looked cool. I questioned my sanity since I already had one tab sitting around at the time, and preferred hauling around my 17" laptop. The Thrive sat around my apartment for a while before I finally gave it a chance. I don't know, we just connected with each other somehow. I love that has a place for an SD card. Your can talk cloud all you want, but when you don't have internet connection and can't access your online content, nothing beats local storage. The full size HDMI port makes Angry Birds life-size on the 70" TV I use at work. For the most part I find it very straight forward and easy to use. My only issue, is multiplying icons. For some reason, my app icons seem to duplicate somehow so that I have 3 bookplace, and 2 fandango. I haven't figured out how to delete those yet, but they haven't by any means grown out of control considering how long I've been using it.As others have mentioned, it's larger than other tablets without necessarily weighing all that much more. It has a rubberized back which helps you hang onto it better, and you can even purchase replacement backs in different colors, to make it more personal. Currently, Amazon is selling them for around six or seven dollars each. The Thrive has a removable battery, so if you ever have issues with the battery, there's no need to pay an arm and a leg to ship it back to the manufacturer to have it replaced. I'm really surprised that the Toshiba Thrive hasn't earned more respect and higher ratings from professional reviewers such as CNET.Probably, one the best things about the Thrive, though it is not exclusive to Toshiba, is that unlike Apple (iPad), Amazon (Kindle), and Barnes and Noble (Nook), you can load any apps you want onto it. You're not trapped into a limited marketplace selection of apps or music. Why would I choose between a Kindle or Nook, when both of their apps and books are available on an Android by Samsung, Acer, Toshiba, or many other companies? The only reason I can think of is that they advertise better, and charge less if you don't know where to shop. Don't even get me started on Apple!While I love the Thrive's 30 watt charger, and super fast charge time, it would be nice if you had the option for a non-proprietary charger, such as USB or mini-usb. I tend to lose things, and have already lost my first charger, and my first back-up charger. Also, carrying around the charger can be a bit of a pain, because it is roughly the size of a laptop charger, and tablets are supposed to be portable. It's a good thing that the battery life isn't too shabby. I use the Juice Defender App to conserve the battery. Not sure how well it works since I loaded it as soon as I got the tablet.I won't recommend any more apps, except for Opera web browser, since this a product review, but I will recommend the brown leather Navitech case that I bought for it on Amazon.In closing if you are looking to buy a Tablet, I highly recommend this one, or another one by Toshiba. They sell quality products. I'm typing on this review on a Toshiba laptop I've used nearly every day for the past 7 years without any hardware malfunctions or overheating. I'm glad Toshiba remains open-sourced, and considers the customers who want to customize their products with whatever accessories, and apps they wish. I'm glad Toshiba let's us replace our own battery instead of demanding more money to do it for us. Just my two cents.