This is a nice Tom Tom.Pro's - Voice recognition, blue tooth free life time maps.  (suppose to have life time traffic but I've not yet tested this.  When I tried to select traffic as an option it's greyed out.  Not sure what the deal is there, I'll have to research further.)Con's - Tom Tom's tend to be a bit slow, although this one seems to be OK.  I find you have to do a hard reboot after updates to improve overall speed on all tom tom's.  To do that hold the button in the back down as long as you can while shutting it down and until the drum beats are heard and it starts to power up.My residential development is 10 years old, but while the streets show on the map of the tom tom, the names are all listed as unknown except my street which is still listed incorrect. Google shows them correctly so why hasn't tom tom been able to update their maps after 10 years?  All the tom tom's I've had show the same.  I went through and corrected all the street names and after saving each, at the end, they all reverted back to unknown or incorrect.  Very frustrating.  After doing it a second time it took hold.  When you first start the tom tom it can take up to 5 minutes to get it's first gps signal.  This is listed on the website, but should be quicker after that initial first time power on.  It took close to that time, but seems to get one quickly for now at least sitting in my house after each restart.  Updates are done via the web.  I like the previous app better.I initially bought this at a very popular electronics chain after researching several units in the store.  I usually like to check online prices first, but figured I'd be paying a little more for the convenience of not paying shipping and getting it same day, so decided to make the purchase.  I went home, updated the device, associated it with my existing tom tom account, and then decided to check online prices (i know backwards) only to find Amazon had it for less than half what I paid for it in the store and with free shipping.  Back to the store I went for a refund and then bought it from Amazon.  It arrived in 3 days.  Nice job.  When I then connected it to the web via my existing tom tom acount I got a message from tom tom saying you can only switch devices associated with an account once every 6 mths.  Um that is stupid.  So I have 3 cars in my household.  If I buy three of these I have to have three separate tom tom accounts associated with 3 different emails becuase I tried creating a new account with the same email and it would not allow that either.  I guess tom tom doesn't expect you to buy more than one device from them (three users must have to share the device?)  Also a few times after I shut down the device when I turned it back on it required me to hold the button for over 20 seconds, but not always.  This left me unsure if I was doing something wrong.Other thoughtsIn the store I really liked the look and feel of the Magellans.  The price was less, but reviews are much worse, so I didn't want to take a chance.  The Garmins are nice but waaay too expensive to get the same features as the tom tom.  This is my third tom tom.  Overall they offer very good value for the price.  They do the job.  My first one's voice failed after two years, but otherwise is still working now 4 years.  The second one has been running fine for about 2 years, but started running very very slow until a recent hard reboot.  Both of my first two tom tom's which acquired gps signals usually within 30 seconds of being turned on now seem to take over 2 minutes.  Very frustrating if you are approaching a possible locatoin or exit and turn on the device to confirm your location.  I don't know why they are suddenly so slow to acquire signals.  I did read about a recent gps fix for some of the devices that help with slow acquisition of signals.  I'll need to check on that further.  It's too early to tell if this one will be quick or slow in acquiring a signal.  It seems to be fine in my house right now anyway.I've not found one perfect tom tom nor found any reviews indicating a flawless Garmin or Magellan for the price differences either.  The above cons are more oddities in my mind than deal breakers.  I'd recommend this device to anyone.  If you are very picky however, I don't think you will be too happy with anything on the market.  GPS's will probably start to dissapear as smart phones offer the functionality for free.  You can do much of the same with the iphone, although it won't sound out the directions for free anyway (maybe siri on the 4s will).