I am happy with the Kindle Fire, since it is at the $199 price point and I don't have a lot of need for any specific tablet functionality beyond what the Kindle Fire is good at: some games, video consumption, color reading, and some apps.  For most tasks I use either my regular Kindle Keyboard, a laptop, or a desktop computer.That said, here are a few improvements that Amazon should make for v2 of the Fire and for the forthcoming 10" model.  I try to be reasonable considering the price-point of this device as well as the current negative margins:1.  Physical volume control.  I think that physical volume buttons should be added to the device.  In some applications getting to the volume control is difficult and in general hard keys for volume up and down would be nice.2.  Move or protect the power button.  I constantly hit the power button in its current location.  Either move it, or make it something that is harder to hit by accident.3.  Micro-HDMI output.  Since Tivo can't play Amazon Prime videos, it sure would be nice if I could use the Kindle Fire to put that content onto my big screen.  If you fix the Tivo arrangement, then I won't care as much about this one, although it would still be nice.4.  Consider a hard home button.  I can go either way on this one, but a lot of your customers are adamant about the benefits of a hard home button.  Occasionally, I can see the need, but not enough to beg for it.5.  Improve motion sensing (if cost-feasible).  I don't know if there is a gyroscope or an accelerometer in there now, but the ability to control games with motion would be great.6.  Add Bluetooth support.  I don't know how much Bluetooth costs or how much battery life it eats up, but supporting my Bluetooth headphones would be a big plus.7.  Figure out a way to partition access to the Fire, and provide a content control mode.  I am very leery about handing my Kindle to my child or to guests in my house knowing that it is fully linked to my Amazon.com account and my browsing history.  A guest mode, child mode, or a way to partition the device for multiple users would be a very useful enhancement.Overall, I am happy with the Kindle Fire.  It basically is what I expected.  Here are the things that I'm most happy about with it:1.  $199 price point is outstanding.2.  Processor speed is killer.  You never have to wait for anything.3.  The screen is vivid and beautiful.4.  I don't miss not having 3G at all.  If I wanted to pay a monthly fee, I wouldn't be buying a $199 tablet.  I have a Wifi Hotspot that provides data for my computer, my wife's computer, my Kindle, my Kindle Fire, and anything else I need to connect, all for one low price.  Putting 3G in the Kindle Fire would have been a huge mistake for cost, space, and battery life reasons.5.  I am also fine without a camera.  I have so many cameras that I don't know what to do with them all.  I am actually glad that Amazon saved the money and space on not putting a Camera in the Fire.Things that could be improved:1.  8GB of storage is less than ideal.  I already have it filled up and constantly have to decide what to leave in the cloud.2.  Touchscreen is not terrible, but there is definitely an issue, particularly on the home screen.3.  An SD card slot might be nice.4.  Better Application availability.  I'm particularly upset about the Wall Street Journal Tablet Edition software not being available through the Amazon Appstore, but I'm sure there are others.  In the case of the WSJ, I think they exclude it to cause me to buy the "Kindle Version" of the WSJ instead of subscribing directly, but all that does is make me mad at Amazon and read the paper on my phone and computer instead of their device.Again, I overall recommend this device.  I just have a few small issues.