I spent a significant amount of time researching tablets before purchasing the Thrive.  The main reasons for my decision were, Full Size USB/HDMI/Mini USB ports, big storage options, removable SD card, removable battery, excellent reputation of Toshiba.  As it turns out this tablet has pretty much made all my other laptops obsolete.  I use it all the time.  With the flexibility of having 32gb internal, full size SD card (I bought SDHC 32gb from Kingston but you might want to look into SDXC) or using an external hard drive or flash drive for storage this unit is easy to take with you anywhere.  In fact on my next trip I am going to leave my laptop at home.  One thing to know, your SD card and external drives must be formated exFAT or they won't work.  Took me some time to figure that out.Media files for the most part play with the installed software but of course you know that to play everything you will need to get others from the android and amazon markets.  MX Video Player seems to work the best with most files.The Thrive has a GPS chip inside and it works quite nicely with google navigation.  However since it doesn't have 3g capability you will not get traffic updates but it still works fine.Everyone always talks about the Galaxy tab as having a better display.  In my opinion, doesn't seem that much better to me and the port layout on the Thrive is definitely better.  You will appreciate that if you take a close look at the galaxy tab and compare it to the Thrive.Battery life seems just fine.  I really have no complaints because I don't notice a big drain unless I watch lots of video from my external USB disk drive.  For normal surfing, apps and games the battery lasts a long time.  I bought two chargers since an additional one was not too expensive.  I really like the rubber grip feel of the back cover too and it sits nicely on my Sole Treadmill.  So that means that the Thrive also will help you lose weight.  Authors Note: actual results may vary from person to person regarding weight loss due to tablet purchase :)I use google talk for video conferencing, that is the one that works right now.I put a skinomi screen protector on it first thing.  I am really happy with that.  Square trade warranty was available at a good price, did that too.Last but not least the amazon app store works great with this.  All the apps I purchase for either my smartphone or this work great and the service of having all my digital orders stored up in the amazon cloud is really convenient because I can buy it on either unit and install it on the other.There are 2 excellent forums for this device (thriveforums and toshiba support forums) and you should look at those before you buy as well to be well informed.Even with the new Thrive on the way I think I would still be more interested in this one and buy it again.