I received my Archos 43 today (yay?) and so far it's been a huge letdown.  You may say "how much could you have really gotten to know your new friend," but it doesn't matter.  I'm comparing my user experience specifically to my HTC Hero android phone and my Samsung Galaxy Tab. I've owned an Archos 504 and an Archos 5. This is honestly the worst of the bunch.My first impression was after initial setup. The device told me a firmware update was available. I told it to get it. It failed to do so. Twice. Off to the web to investigate. Archos auto-update apparently never works. I tried to get the firmware from their site and the download just stopped at 39.2MB. I updated manually instead by grabbing from a mirror site.The screen is far more sensitive (in spots) to the touch of your finger than any other archos i've had. This is actually a negative. When trying to scroll through a list, you are absolutely guaranteed that your light swipe will, in fact, select the first item you swipe past. The most effective method is to keep a "heavy finger" but it's not an exact science by any means. Maybe you can get used to it, but my other android devices do not suffer this problem.The notification bar... Wow. I love android's notification bar, but this just sucks. Remember the last paragraph & all that hyper-sensitivity? Well, it takes me a minimum of 2, and probably average of 3 swipes to get that stupid drawer to slide open. Calibration of the screen doesn't seem to help.So, you may look past everything I've mentioned so far if it sounds good, right? Well, it sounds good - If it manages to pick up the content you've put on it, that is.I've synced two different playlists multiple times (using windows media player, whose use is described in the manual [...]. The first time, nothing showed up on the device. I navigated using the "folders" menu and played the song successfully, so it wasn't "bad media." After playing the song, it showed up in the library. Annoying. Try again. This time, the songs show up, but the playlist itself apparently isn't supported. Try again, still no playlist, but the songs are there. The ID3 tags ARE supported, but the album art on 75% of my albums just doesn't show up. On one song the art wasn't there, then it appeared. I went to the next song and the art wasn't there. Sigh. I've manually updated my media library about 10 times. Some albums, which play just fine if i browse to them, simply refuse to show up in the library.So, the positives. Sound IS AWESOME. Screen is AWESOME. Video playback is smooth, though on selecting a random position in a file, some files take 10 seconds or more to get the audio chugging and resync'ed to the video. Oops, slipped back into a negative.The form factor is superb, but this product is honestly a terrible media player. I will sadly return this. I WANT to like it. I can't.Update:I couldn't get rid of it. I absolutely hate the Apple ecosystem and didn't want to pay an outrageous amount for a phone with Android off-contract.So... how's it been doing? Better, but I couldn't improve the score past 3 stars.1. Some audio bugs have been fixed in firmware updates.2. Problems with album art syncing have been fixed in firmware updates.My biggest gripes are still related to playlists...1. When I sync a playlist (via WMP or MediaMonkey) it NEVER takes the playlist itself, so you have to recreate the playlist. This is less than handy for large playlsits.2. When you play a playlist it ALWAYS plays it in random mode. Perhaps minor to some who listen by album, but I use it for practicing along to and every time having to click that extra time is annoying3. Editing a playlist is horrid. I've seen the device simply refuse to move particular songs anywhere without moving other items, too. Coupled with the poor touch-screen response, and the failure to pull playlists on sync, this is a killer.4. The screen still sucks for finger input. With a stylus, it's pretty good, but thats just rationalization of one poor feature.5. Maybe nitpicking, but EVERY time i disable USB storage or say "charge only", it reconnects and makes me disable it again.