I already loved the iPad before iOS 4.2. It is the perfect device for the consumption of content. (I don't read books outside in open sunlight.) I am happy now to store tons of magazines and books, without the requisite piles of paper in my home, and the ability to take those books and magazines with me. I love to watch movies via the Netflix app and TV programs via the ABC app, in addition to iTunes rentals and purchases. (I tried the Hulu Plus app but the Hulu library for the iPad app differed from the library available if you watch on your computer. That was unacceptable for me.) As a graphic artist and photographer, the iPad is a perfect device to display images/designs to clients and some photographers are able to wirelessly transmit images directly from the camera to the iPad, allowing clients to view images as they are being taken. Amazing.I have not had the wifi or syncing problems cited in other reviews and I have owned both a wifi version and a 3G iPad. (I prefer the 3G device for its hardware GPS. The wifi version is able to give you your approximate location but "close enough" was not satisfactory for my usage. If you're traveling and need the GPS function in say, a moving car, you'll need the 3G data plan unless your car is equipped with wifi, which is unlikely.) Some complain about the lack of an SD card slot but I have no problem with the optional Camera Connection Kit, which provides both a plug-in SD card reader as well as an USB port (which can be used with your own USB card reader or even USB headphones or mics).While I use the onscreen keyboard when necessary, I prefer to use the Apple bluetooth wireless keyboard. I do not miss Flash on websites. (I usually click through flash intros anyway.) I don't miss the lack of a camera because, as a photographer, I've never been happy with the results of a camera with the optics/resolution limits required to install it on a phone/mobile device. I find the device's attempts to correct my spelling annoying (if I don't watch, it will change both my first and last names). And while the iPad response is snappy, no multitasking or ability to run programs in the background made using the device just a bit inelegant, having to always end one app to start another.The lack of multitasking changes with iOS 4.2. While not yet available to the general public (it is slated for release this month), I couldn't wait and installed the Golden Master release (almost ready for prime time) and it has transformed my device into something more along the line of "magical." Switching back and forth between open apps speeds up the process completely. A double-press on the iPad's home button reveals the multitasking menu, screen orientation lock, screen brightness and volume sliders and play/pause controls. While I don't have a new AppleTV, I can send audio items to my Airport Express with speakers attached through AirPlay. I have not been able to preview AirPrint (where you'll be able to send iPad documents to some printers) as it requires a Snow Leopard update for my desktop computer that is not yet released. In the meantime, I had no problem emailing items I wanted printed to a computer but look forward to seeing if AirPrint will have the same effect on printing what AirPlay has on streaming content.While other tablets can claim to be more capable (a Windows tablet can run full-fledged Windows applications and this able to do many more things) none will be able to compete with the elegant interface and ease of use that the iPad presents. Apple's iOS is designed for mobile devices, taking full advantage of the Apple multi-touch interface, making the iPad the most intuitive tablet you'll ever find. If you're interested in video chatting (and using Apple's Facetime), I would wait until iPad 2.0, which will likely be announced in the first quarter of 2011. For myself, I'll leave the video chatting to my phone or laptop. The iPad is perfect for my use as is.Printing, which also comes with iOS 4.2, is still not available to me to preview as it requires a pre-release Snow Leopard update to my laptop computer. While it poses no problem for me once the SL update is released, I might be upset if I found out, after the fact, that in order to get the full function of the iPad, I need the newest Mac OS release. That eliminates anyone still using PowerPC macs, since Snow Leopard only works on Intel-based Macs.