Purchased an Acer Iconia A500, 10" tablet because I wanted something that I could use to catch up on work when away from my home office. It worked well, but it was larger than I'd wanted, and became a wrist-breaker after an hour or so.  Returned it.  Looked at 8- 9" tabs, but they were still too large.  Wanted back pocket portable, Settled on the 7" format, then did some looking and research.  I have a decent laptop, so I wasn't looking for another laptop, especially one without a cover.  A bit of history:  I still keep a Handspring Visor, although I haven't used it in 5 years. It had a "palm" based OS with touch display. It kept detailed contact data, e-mail, expense records, notes, Calendar events, text files, database and spread sheet files, and could synchronize all to and from my PC. It had early sD Cards for storage, and a bunch of plugins: unlocked phone, true GPS, camera, Mp3 player, touch display, modem, I forget what all. Loved the device, but it had too many parts, and  batteries, and was slow and small, and tended to lockup.  It's probably what I had in the back of my mind when I found the vpad7.  The Viewsonic vpad7 does all these things and more, (synchs via a mini usb cable.)  The deal-maker was the 3G phone plus WiFi. It's allowed me to select an economical voice/text/data cell phone plan, as I am a heavy user of text service, with some voice.  Occasionally I'll enable cellular networking, (something the android platform allows you to do,) when I'm without Wifi access, for e-mail file downloads.) I also carry a "Clearwire" Wifi plan, that has no limits, and apparently no throttling down of speed, for surfing & file up/downloads.  That it lacks Adobe Flash support is a non-issue. I am able to watch what I want on my laptop. Digital movie & video music files, u-tube all play on this unit, if not, the android Market probably has something which supports the file.  Bought a 16 Gig Micro SD Card, T-Mobil sim card, both worked without a hitch. Not trying to store a bunch of full length movie files on the unit, so storage is not an issue; but a 32 Gig microSD card is supported.  Volume for phone is a bit soft in noisy areas, so the supplied ear-buds are good, I bought a basic Bluetooh ear piece, use it for driving or walking around.  I've had a handful of notifications from Android Market about Updates, click on link, takes about a minute.  Basically it works a lot better than the stats and some of the comments indicate.  If it were dual core and 1 Ghz speedy, and had gamers quality video acceleration, I might buy it, but for what I use it for, I don't think I would notice the difference, and the boost in price wouldn't be worth it.  Can't believe there aren't more manufacturers making unlocked Phone tablets about this size.  Perhaps the cellphone companies discourage these units, as they want to control access to, and the price of, spectrum.  Display is bright, with excellent resolution.  The best part is all the functionality, and a cell phone, in one compact use-able package.  Been about a month, and it hasn't crashed, locked up, or fallen apart.  Comes with an awesome case, folds down in the middle-back to expose the rear camera lens.  Can't run these things over, or toss them out a window and expect them to work.  I once used a research Notebook sized PC that could be dropped 30 ft, and could float, but it cost my employer $3,000+ per unit!  My only issue was that the case was slightly abraded on one of the folding edges, as if it had been used, but I don't notice anymore. You need to be a bit tech-savy to negotiate some of the android system setup, but it's not Discrete Math or anything like that.  No fine manuals come packed with the unit, guides are downloadable on the Viewsonic Site.  There really doesn't seem to be very much support there though.  Too bad, the manufacturer seems to be the biggest negative.  Maybe they need to define a new business model.