Haven't had alot of time on this tablet yet(4-5 hrs), but so far all is well. Bought it mainly for the kids to use for game playing so they stop messing with mine and the wife's smartphones. I've already downloaded amazon app market to it, which is very easy to do.Pros:-Capacitive multi-touch screen (most sub-$200 tablets have a resistive screen)-Comes preloaded with android 2.3 gingerbread os(some android phones are still waiting on this ota update)-Battery life is acceptable.  I played with it out of the box for about 1.5hrs @ 50% before I charged it overnight. With it fully charged, I played with it for another 2-2.5 hrs and still had 45% battery life.-Sound quality and volume is acceptable for having just one little speaker.-The games I have played on this tablet so far are: Angry Birds,Fruit Ninja, Air Attack HD, and Overkill. They all play great, no problems at all.Cons:-No android market. Although there is a video on youtube that show how to add this to the tablet. I'll be attempting it soon.-The colors seem a little washed out. Not too bad, but noticeable. Maybe there's a way to adjust it, but I haven't found it yet.-At 800x480 res on a 7in screen, you will see some pixelation. I can deal with it but, if this will bother you don't buy this tablet.-I haven't tried it yet, but at .3mp, I imagine the camera on this tablet would leave a lot to be desired. I will probably never use it though, so it wasn't a deciding factor in me buying it.On a side note:As far as cases for this tablet, there aren't a lot to choose from. The possible solution to this? Did some research and found out that mid7022 is basically an exact match dimensionally to the samsung galaxy tab P1000. I have been looking at the Otterbox SAM2-GTAB7-20-E4OTR Defender Case for Samsung Galaxy Tab - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - Black  to see if I can make it work.Update: 9-8-11Went ahead and ordered the otterbox case and recieved it today. Bad news, didn't work. Very close, but the corners on the coby are apparently not as rounded as the galaxy tab. Going to try a gel case for the galaxy tab next as it should have enough flex to fit.Got android market put on the tablet and 1mobile market put on also. Have had to do one reboot so far. Was getting a "force close" error on Air Attack HD, but so far the problem hasn't came back. As far as the rebooting process goes, it takes less than a minute so it isn't that big of deal to me(my Atrix takes about 3-4 minutes to completely reboot).Update 9-17-11Found a silicone case on mono price (search fingerprint case samsung galaxy) that fits great. Had to do a little cutting and trimming to uncover the usb port, the speaker on the back, and the power button, but nothing major.The tablet was randomly waking up while it was charging and/or not in use. To fix this I simply put the factory power widget on my main home page and turned off the sync bottom (middle one). Problem solved.Overall, I'd give it 4.5 stars.