Okay...let's get this out of the way right off before I get a bit more detailed. NO FLASH = GIMPED INTERNET......PERIOD!Okay...now that's out of the way..on to my impressions of this silly gadget. (Oops...revealing a bit too much early..but hey).So I get (have) to use one of these things for absolutely zero cost for the company I work for. We develop an application for this thing so I have to have one to test on this platform. I was happy that I would get to test drive one for free and then....poof...nothing. I have it sitting here right next to me as I use a real machine that I will not brand as PC or Mac for public notice (it does't matter..both are superior). It just doesn't do anything that my smartphone or a laptop doesn't do infintely better. Now I have to admit that I am a power user of my devices and demand a bit more control and that may have me a bit biased. However, it gives no excuse to the dilusional marketing aimed at this device by Apple.Let's get going with the reality. Say you spend 600 bucks on one of these things. From that point on...yer going to put use to this thing...or consider your money wasted. So...if you are to wrap your head around one of those options...it is going to be to justify your purchase no matter how silly...because you don't want to look foolish. That, I think is the case with the iPad. It's just not mature, and it has its place as a toy at this moment.Then there is Apple's customer-unfriendly way of charging for stuff that should be free. Ohh the App store. I could go on for hours about that. About how Apple locks you into using their tools to operate their hardware and it's all Apple...Apple..APPLE. Marketing..marketing...all things Apple. Use our app to get your music on our device. All else causes problems. There is just no variety with these devices and I despise that. Feels like you never really own the device you purchased. Just a lease with Apples conditions. With my droid phone....I can remote into my home PC and manage everything that a home PC can do. (And I have Flash...gonna be a running theme there...sorry. Jobs is a pompus a**)I think it is time to clear one other thing up in this review just so it's fair. There are two types of products, those that are easy to use, and limit flexibility...and those that are extremely flexible...but you must become an expert to flex that power. And all those in between. If you are looking for an easy way to do things, not critical about content, and quite willing to pay for solutions as opposed to figuring something out...maybe this is for you. Ignore my review...all the way.  I am just here to put this device in its place. If you have the money to spend on this thing for gimped couch surfing..awesome...enjoy. I will be on something that renders falsh at the moment. (Sorry...there goes another Flash dig...but Jobs...YOU DESERVE IT!)Let's talk screen resolution. EXACTLY THE SAME AS THE IPHONE. So all you get for your screen size increase is BIGGER PIXELS! (Leaset as far as I can tell..I can see the blocks) So maybe it makes it a bit more useable for the blind and fat fingered...but no real improvement.Bottom Line...call me when I can do work with this thing. I have to say...that all Microsoft has to do is do the same thing and give it a purpose..and Apple loses again. They have a lot of fans for this toy..no doubt. I will admit...millions of people cannot be wrong and it is only a matter of time before someone does this tablet computer right and the rest of us are holding something similar. However, most of Apples commercials and quotes promoting this device are grandiose and dilusional. Making music on this thing????? LMAO...maybe for the kids. Yes...that is what this is...a great KIDS toy. Maybe that is it....I am just expection seriousness from a line of hardware that was meant for FUN. In that case, they hit the mark...bravo Apple. Showing slide shows to the family...browsing a book, maybe a netflix stram in a pinch...but to me there are just no such pinches. I have solutions for all thsoe things already..and they do not let me down.Okay...okay...let's not make it totally bad. After all you can watch movies on it in bed (or you could get a TV for your room)...surf the internet from your couch  and play smurf villiage which I heard is absolutely ADDICTIVE. On the more serious side, you can get books and read in a beautiful format which I find very pleasent. One thing I found magnificaent about this device is it's place in the education system. Man could you do away with the books and such. For that..it's awesome..but that has to be your use of the device. However, remember...paying 600 dollars to make this thing have a purpose in your life is a bit much. So you better have it's purpose worked out for you, or you'll end up justifying its cost by working it into your life..Okay...so on to another phase. Here I sit...at home..with my first access to an iPad...and I want nothing to do with it. Why? Because every other device I have will play flash! (Ahh man the Flash thing again...darn it!) How can you have any internet enabled device and not have FLASH. Steve Jobs...you are a foolish idiot and will damned well pay for it. Sure HTML 5 is coming our way....but the CURRENT internet is not gonna be rid of flash for a LONG time you friggin DOPE! (Still talking to Jobs...sorry)My last comment to sum up is this. If yer looking to buy an iPad...don't be serious...and you'll be fine. Cheers.Final thought...I would rather be a PC user...using a tool...than a tool..using an iPad. BAM!