I own an Ipad,a 3rd Gen Kindle and a Kindle Fire. Because I use Amazon's services a great deal, getting the fire was a no brainer. But I was hesitant based on some of the reviews I've read.I took a hard look at how I was using my current crop of devices prior to making this purchase. I basically use them for email, web browsing, games, reading books, shopping,videos and music. I am a content consumer not a content creator. So all of the additional capabilities of the ipad are not utilized by me. I also hesitate taking the Ipad with me anywhere for fear of breaking\losing a $700 item. I am much less likely to worry about that with a $199 tablet.I purchased the Kindle Fire 12 days ago. The size is perfect. I can hold it and read comfortably with one hand. I dont care what the negative reviews state, for me the browser seems faster on the Fire than the ipad and I can watch videos on sites that support flash. The screen resolution is great for watching movies. The power button is in an annoying spot but I haven't had issues yet accidentally shutting it off. The volume controls are horrible. With only a virtual slide that is hidden in the settings, its too many clicks to get to the volume controls. A simple software update could place the volume control on the main taskbar (still virtual, but much easier to access). I still prefer reading on my 3rd Gen Kindle with E-ink than the LCD screen. Its lighter and just less eye strain. But I still read a portion of the time on the Kindle Fire. Here is an example. My mother had surgery and there were endless hours sitting at the hospital. I brought the Kindle Fire, pulled in a few games, movies, and two books and was entertained for hours without a wi-fi connection and could toggle between game playing,videos and reading. I kept the tablet in my jacket when I wasnt using it. I would have never brought the ipad to the hospital or had the option to throw it in my jacket.Shopping and access to Amazon Prime's videos are really where the device shines. The resolution isn't as good as the Ipad's but its close, and quite frankly, its good enough for me. The app store isn't on par with apples yet, but they have a pretty good selection and if the fire takes off that will change very quickly.When I got down to the heart of it, for what I actually use these devices for, the Kindle Fire is a cheap alternative to an Ipad that has all of the functionality that I want at less than a third of the price. Im not doing my taxes, writing a novel or working on complex spreadsheets with these things (I dont think most people are). I never use the ipad's camera ,the quality is horrible and where am I dragging this thing to take pictures. I have a tiny digital camera with 5x the resolution of the ipad.Hands down the ipad is far superior from a technology standpoint. But the fire is the perfect portable device I can throw in my jacket at an affordable price. I'm having some fun with it.  In the end 'fun' is the reason why many of us buy these tablets.