I have had the Toshiba Thrive now for a few weeks.  I read a good number of reviews for this device before I purchased it.  The one that scared me the most was the sleep problem.  This almost sent me in another direction but then I did some further research and found out that Toshiba had released a fix for the problem so I decided to take a chance.  I'm glad that I did because I really like this tablet.  It isn't perfect but then again after reading about all of the tablets out there I believe none of them is perfect, which is why I gave this 4 stars rather than 5 stars.Below are the Pros for this device.1. It is a solid tablet. Some people complain that it is a heavy and overly large device. It's all in what you're looking for and I wasn't looking for an iPad or I would have purchased an iPad. For me I prefer the nice well built feel and don't think the device is overly heavy to hold. At any rate it beats lugging a laptop around, which was my alternative.2. I hooked this up to my tv to check out the hdmi connection. It worked perfectly and in fact was easier to set up than my laptop was.3. I hooked up an 8 gig thumb drive loaded with my iTunes music and again it delt with the thumb drive perfectly and to give credit where credit is due, Winamp dealt with iTunes formatted music seamlessly.4. I haven't purchased an SD card yet but have no reason to assume any problem with that.5. The screen is very nice. I think my wife's iPad might be a tad cleaner in producing graphics but all in all the Toshiba does a better than average job.6. The touch screen is very responsive so no problems there. I did purchase a pen to use and for someone with large fingers that makes things much easier.7. I immeidately upgraded the firmware for the tablet when I got it and have had absolutely no sleep problems with this tablet.8. The software that comes with it works and is adequate.9. The tablet is very responsive to orientation changes.10. It's nice that you can purchase a second battery if you would want.  I haven't done it yet but I intend to.11. Once again, I just like the way it feels.  It is a well built device. It doesn't feel like a cheap toy.Cons:1. The front facing camera is useless. I took one picture and it was horrible. I'm not sure why Toshiba would have put this camera in this device. They would have been better off not including any camera for as useful as it is. For me, I don't intend, for the most part, to use it to take pictures so it's not a huge deal but it no doubt will be the few times I'll want to take a picture with it.2. This is probably not a specific Toshiba issue but working with spreadsheets is no fun. I'm beginning to think that this is not the appropriate device to do that but I'm still looking for software that might make it tolerable.3. MSN mail is pretty well useless when viewed from this tablet. Gmail works pretty well but is somemwhat quirky. There are times it boots you out for no reason and you find yourself back at the home screen. This has happened a little less frequently with the Browser. When I go back in I'm where I was but I'm not sure why it's doing this.4. I have another Gmail complaint, not necessarily Toshiba. I can't manage Spam from the tablet and it puts a lot of things in the Spam folder. I have to use my laptop to mark things as not being Spam. Then it puts the same types of messages when recieved back in the Spam folder.5. The Calendar is very plain Vanilla and I'd like to replace it but the first one I downloaded wouldn't work on the Tablet (very minor complaint)Overall assessment is that I'm very happy with the tablet, would buy it again and would recommend it to a friend, unless they want thin and sexy. In that case they should buy an iPad but... they won't have as much functionality as I have with the Thrive. After seeing my wife's iPad and comparing it to the Thrive I feel I'm better off with the Thrive. Don't get me wrong the iPad is a great device but I like the added functionality and greater feel of freedom I have with the Thrive and the Android operating system.