I was very excited at the thought of getting my hands on this. While I had read many reviews which were not favorable, I was looking forward to seeing for myself. Most of the negative reviews trashed the display resolution, which is 800 x 480, and that is way too low for a 7 inch screen. Interestingly enough, I found the display adequate, and that was not what disappointed me so greatly.First off, this is the WiFi version, so I expected a more computer-like experience. WRONG. You have probably heard it before, but Android is simply not a computer OS, it is a phone OS. Scaling that up to a tablet simply gives you a big phone screen. It may be fine for toys and phones, but fails miserably if one is expecting a real computer experience, which I was.Even though there are no phone (cell) radios, most of the apps included are for phone-based operations, which I found a pretty stupid choice. I was hoping for a lot of standalone apps and apps which would function well on WiFi over the net. WRONG. Most of the apps are for calling, messaging, texting, and other cellphone-based activities. Almost all the included apps require a network connection, and the few standalone apps included were either very plain, restricted to minimal use until you upgraded to the for-pay version, or just lousy.The most functional parts are the camera and the driving game. The camera functions pretty well, but the game is limited to one car at one level, and doesn't offer very much of interest after about 5 minutes. The office suite included is very poor, and trying to use the word processor for even a very simple shopping list proved to be an exercise in frustration. There were no regular cursor/mouse controls, or selecting text for deleting, cutting, replacing, etc. Lame. Saving and re-opening my list caused it to completely reformat and scramble the words. Lame. I gave up at that point. Word processors have been around for 30 years, and there is simply NO excuse for a word processor this lame to ever get out the door, period.Another problem for this device is its identity crisis: is it a tablet or a phone? Well, it is too big for a phone, and it is nowhere near functional enough for a tablet. It is an awkward size to hold - too big for one hand, but almost too small for two. The flat shape is hard to hold, and the ergonomics of this shape are just not great. I guess ergonomics have gone out of style in design these days, or else it is no longer taught in design school. (If it ever was.)Yet another major problem is that is came with no manual at all. The Quick Start guide was pathetic and often incomplete or just plain wrong. I had to hunt down a pdf of the manual on Dell's site, download it on another computer, and transfer it by SD card to read it on the Streak.  How hard would it have been to include it on the device? Extraordinarily lame.Even as a media player, it is mediocre. It only plays an extremely limited umber of formats, and is not great at those. It does not recognize folders on the external SD card, and throws all the files from all the folders into one big list, in no particular order. Sloppy and hard to use.Browsing the web is also disappointing. Some of the uses I had envisioned for the Streak it cannot do because it is not able to interact properly with some web pages. My experiments in trying to download new apps have all failed - in one case it sat for hours telling me the apps were downloading, then ran the battery down without ever finishing even a single download. No progress gauge, no info on how complete the files were, nothing.I am also extremely disappointed in Android. Google has said it was not ready for tablets, and they were right on the money. It is an interface for toys and phones, not for serious computer work, period. Since I am not a gamer and didn't grow up with a Gameboy glued to my hands, this kind of interface is more of an obstacle to productive work than a help. Using the Streak, I got a clear insight into all the noise about "modern interfaces" going on in circles like the Linux community. I guess we are going to be bombarded with a raft of toy-like interfaces from this generation of programmers, so I'd better get used to it. Kind of like cash registers with pictures of items instead of real numbers... (yep, showing my age here, folks....)I have only been using it for a few days, and will update this review as I get more experience.UPDATE: April 28: Friendly post let me know that Dell fouled up and shipped all Vine people the wrong tablet - it is a T-Mobile tablet instead of the Wifi version - hence all the phone-related apps. Good job, Dell, sending the wrong tablet to the people you are hoping will help promote it. Really not the smartest move. Still doesn't effect all my other complaints, though.UPDATE: December 2011Apparently I am not alone in my disappointment. Dell has cancelled the unit and is getting out of the Android tablet business. Probably just as well, since they didn't seem to be doing a very good job there.