65fastbackuser 1:I use an ipad for work. I can easily go get it in my office and use it here in the living room....but doing so does nothing for me.Id much rather pick up my pre2 before going to get the ipad.not to mention 150,000+ apps on the ipad and only 20 of them are worth anything and it takes eons to sort through all the crap to find anything useful. I once flicked through it for over an hour and gave up not finding a single app worth using.specialshiuser 2:Once upon a time I was an Apple fan. I had my ipod, and my Macbook, and the only thing that really kept me from buying an iPhone was my need for a more business orientated phone, which led me to Blackberry.My boyfriend, on the other hand, has been in love with WebOS for as long as I've known him. I never really 'got it'. Until he bought me a Touchpad. Now I'm hooked.WebOS is by far the best operating system I have ever laid hands on. And the Touchpad is just amazing.I've heard complaints that it's heavy, but to be honest I haven't found that (and I'm pretty scrawny). It feels solid. I actually like the weight better than some of the smaller tablets out there.Gestures are incredibly fun. I love that I can just swipe away an application. I know the Playbook had the same idea (which I believe they swiped from Palm/HP) but it's just not the same. I know that gestures aren't new to the OS, but with it being my first WebOS device it's still a novelty for me :P I already find myself trying to swipe things away on my non-WebOS smartphone touchscreen lol.I've seen some complaints on here about the app catalogue. That there aren't enough apps. To be honest, I would rather see quality over quantity any day. And I don't personally expect a full app catalogue upon release of a device. I've found apps for everything I need, and I've been very impressed with how well the apps I've downloaded so far have worked on the Touchpad. So far I have zero complaints, but I am counting on the app catalogue to grow over the next few months. If I didn't, well maybe then I'll have some complaintsI also saw some complaints about lag but to be honest I can't complain. There's been once or twice where there has been a split second of lag for me, but I haven't found it very noticeable. Is the iPad a little smoother? Perhaps, but they've also had a lot longer to perfect things like that. I'm confident that some updates will help fix any of the small lags I've seen when I've used certain apps (it could also be a problem with the apps) and even if it doesn't-it's not a deal breaker for me. My Blackberry is even worse for it and I don't even notice it anymore. In fact, if I hadn't of seen reviews complaining about lag I doubt I would have even noticed it.I love that that the keyboard is an adjustable size, and from what I've seen this is fairly unique. It's already been super handy for me-I like the larger keyboards when I'm using it to do a lot of writing.The email on this thing is great-way more user friendly than most email apps I've seen out there so far. And I'm pretty convinced that their FB app is actually the best one out there-especially after living through the sad excuse of the FB app for Blackberry.The sound quality also impresses me. I like to stream radio while I work, and was expecting to have to buy external speakers or use headphones, but the sound quality is actually really solid on this tablet.And another novelty for me that I'm sure most of you are already used to is the touchstone. I'm super impressed that I can just drop my touchpad on the charging dock, and no wires are required. It's definitely the way the tech world is moving-wires are so inconvenient.Oh and "Just Type" is such a simple feature that makes life so much easier-again, nothing new for WebOS veterans but a novelty for me nonetheless.Overall I'm super impressed with this tablet, and with WebOS in general. Within 24 hours of having my first WebOS device, I've already decided I'm going to ditch my Blackberry and pick myself up a Pre3 when it's released.