Review ofHP Touchpad 32GFB359UA#ABAand AccessoriesI ordered on Amazon and took one-day delivery for $3.99 via Amazon Prime on July 1st.Setup was a breeze, simply entering my pre-existing Palm login information used for my PrePlus.  Within 10 minutes I had a complete synchronization of my 3500 contacts, calendars, and email/folder system for both my business gmail and personal aol accounts.The hardware and build are excellent, as expected with the new HP ownership of the Palm/webOS platform.  I have loved my Palm Pre Plus, but the build quality is not the best, though it has stood up very well against two years of heavy use--HP has lifted a great operating system to the tablet space with a style that the latter days Palm could never have dreamed.At 1.6 lbs, the tablet is not too heavy.  The screen has a gorgeous 1024x768 resolution, making such games as Angry Birds HD and HD Video a joy to play and watch.  The battery life has been very strong, and I have yet to run it down below 40% after more than six hours of heavy use.  The speed is excellent, though not quite as fast as the iPads I have tested, although the difference is small and when you factor in the gains from true multitasking and a very sophisticated notification system it is clear the iPad is only faster due to suspending background apps and simply not computing as much!The primary benefit of the webOS operating system is to heavy business users like me who require an integrated approach to email, calendars, tasks, notifications and information.  The seamless gathering of all this information and presenting in Calendar and Contacts while integrating Facebook and Twitter makes this my new mobile solution--move over ASUS netbook.  Everything from contacts and calendar is backed up in the cloud each night by HP.  The calendar tells me via color coding the source of info, whether Google, aol, Facebook, Outline Tracker, etc.Full access to the web with Flash support and Adobe eReader is a huge advantage too.  I get the same access as on my trusty netbook.The audio is simply astounding--the sound coming out of this tablet really defies belief.  With headphones it is actually less impressive, not sure why.Skype is built into the phone app and works marvelously.  The tablet pairs simply with my PrePlusVerizon via Bluetooth and can make calls via Skype or the phone.  I can receive and answer calls to my cell phone on the tablet--a very cool feature that I have utilized quite a bit past week.  SMS is supposed to sync too, but I have not cracked that one yet.The wireless keyboard, charging doc, and case are must-have accessories.  All better than the equivalent Apple products.The micro-USB gives me good access to file transfer as needed.  A download of HP Play to my primary desktop made transferring music files relatively easy, though the functionality needs some work.  HD Videos transferred easily and play beautifully on the unit.You hear a lot about APPS in the tablet world.  Frankly, I dont care much about them, usually finding my handful of essential apps in the first few weeks and then wont buy any after that.  My favorite PrePlus apps all ported over in that first 10 minute sync--though none of them have yet been optimized for the tablet, so I am looking forward to that.  OpenTable, Weather Channel, Commuter Computer, FlightView, NYTimes are among my most-used but not yet optimized.  The Touchpad optimized apps for Facebook and the unfortunately named SpazHD twitter client are very well thought out and executed.Gigantic disappointments?  Kindle app got pulled and is a non-functional placeholder.  No Netflix app and the webOS browser is not recognized on the site.  There are no edit functions built into the documents program.  So, I am writing this review on Google Docs and will post it to the free Box.net service offered by HP and try to give everyone the link to it via Twitter/Facebook.  HP claims all of this will be remedied in the coming days.  I hope so--these oversights are some pretty serious ducks not to have had in a row and have marred what would have otherwise been a simply triumphant launch.  Every week they delay on this will cost them dearly.With the Pre3 phone on the horizon and touch-to-share capabilities, HP just locked in a 15-year Palm user for the webOS foreseeable future.