Pros: Runs smooth (after installing a better OS), lots of free apps, fun to tinker with, fingerprint smudges are easily fixed with a screen protector, and same dual-core processor as other more expensive tablets.Cons: Viewing angle (just like everyone else says), heavier than other tablets, not as much RAM as the other tablets with the same processor, the screen shows fingerprint smudges a bit too easily, and the touch screen isn't quite as sensitive as I like.First of all, if you get this you should understand the viewing angles for this are limited. If you look straight-on it's good, but go lower and it isn't so great. You can move up a bit and it's acceptable... I wish it were the other way around, but I knew what I was getting into (when you set it on your lap you can't really sit up straight, you've gotta hunch over it or put your legs at an angle that makes the screen straight at your eyes). The viewing angle is a nuisance if you let kids play on it, like I let mine. It's hard for 2 kids to see the screen if they have it in their laps. If they prop it up and sit further back it's fine. I didn't really get it for the kids though, so not too upset about it.Most games and apps I put on this work, but some didn't. A couple games would kind-of work and show big square blocks instead of the characters. I didn't put this in the "Cons" above because it wasn't a problem with most apps and shouldn't be a deciding factor for anyone to get this. If one app doesn't work, a lot of times you can find another app that does the same thing that does work.Also, this has the same processor as a lot of other high-end tablets, but half the memory (512 mb, compared to 1 gb in more expensive), so I don't know if you can *really* put this in a class with the other tablets (or smartphones) that have the same processor. That said, this might be easier to overclock the CPU than the other tablets, which helps a bit. I recommend sticking around 1.2-1.3 ghz if you overclock, more isn't very noticeably faster and it'll run hotter; prolong the high speeds and I imagine the longevity of this device will go way down. 1.2-1.3 ghz doesn't cause an excess temperature increase.This was a bit of a learning experience for me to do all the tinkering on this thing. I had to go to a site to download the original settings after I killed it, and had to install (and reinstall) that a few times. It was interesting to learn, since I really had no idea about that sort of thing beforehand. I'm a little bit of a computer nerd, but didn't have any experience with android devices. So not as big of a learning curve for me as it might be for someone who has no tech-experience whatsoever; that said, if you have no tech experience I don't really recommend this.Anyway, after finding the android OS I liked (then deleting it because I put on too much too fast, then reinstalling it, rinse, repeat. Probably installed it 4 times before I decided it was the right OS for me) it ran smooth. Games work pretty well and scrolls through pics quickly. I really recommend you try out a lot of apps, pick the ones you like, then delete and reinstall the OS of your choice; just my opinion, but I think it runs smoother with less installed, even if the other programs don't run in the background. The touch screen sensitivity isn't the best, but good enough for me. If you get this order a screen protector with it. The smudges are ridiculous on the regular screen, and only a little extra for a screen protector. Screen protectors also doesn't scratch so easily, and if they do they're cheap to replace; the regular screen, not so much (if it is even replaceable).So it was fun to tinker with, but at the time I'm writing this they have the Kindle Fire, which is smaller but runs as smoothly (in my opinion) and has much (much, much) better viewing angles, which makes up for the smaller size, in my humble opinion. Oh, and cheaper. If you can afford to buy something just to tinker with and learn about the technical side of an Android device, buy this. I probably spent 50 hours tinkering before I settled with an OS, and I could have spent a whole lot longer if I wanted to really experiment.