I would prefer to give this 3.5 stars as four is too much and 3 is too little.I will review this with Windows 8 as the default OS installed on this tablet. If you're using Windows 7 on a tablet, then you're doing it wrong.Pros:With Windows 8, this thing boots fast, runs fast and lo and behold, you don't need apps. Because Windows does everything and navigating with IE10 is easy, fast and just removes the need for apps. Every app opens and runs smoothly and the onscreen keyboard is terrificVideo display is terrific and stellar as well as sound.Screen is responsive and multi-touch/zoom works without flawPrice: with a 32GB SSD and 2GB RAM. Just a good deal all around. Can't pass it up.Cons:Battery life. This thing will only last about 3.5 hours even if it's just sitting there with the screen lit up and on or watching a movie. Battery is just too weak for typical use.Keyboard is abysmal as well as how it connects. Not sure why a Bluetooth one was not used instead. It's nice to have a mouse pointer but it's performance is sub-standard at best.With Windows 7 as the default OS, I would not even buy this but since Windows 8 came out as a Developer Preview, I went for it.***UPDATE:***Since so many seem inclined to respond to my review, I will expand as I've now had the tablet for about three months. This thing is great ... for some things. It is a Windows tablet, which means it can do everything and performs just like a Windows machine should. I have tried Windows 7 on this and it sucks. Period. If you think Windows 7 is great for a touch screen only tablet, then fine but I am telling you (the potential purchaser of this device and not the persons who already own it) that if you want a tablet that is touch friendly, don't put Windows 7 on it. Windows 7 is a great OS but it is horrible for touch and the boot time's too slow for my taste as well.It is also very heavy. Way too heavy for easy reading and/or video/movie watching. If you plan to watch movies with this, get a case that will allow it to stand up or tilt. Holding it for an extended period of time gets to be a pain.Also, it gets hot when watching HD quality videos; really hot. I compare this to playing the same video on an iPad 2 (iPad 1 can't play the content at all) or Honeycomb/ICE (Transformer Prime) based tablet; both do not get as hot.And, last but not least, an expansion on the keyboard: the keyboard is horrible! The way it attaches is just crap and detaching it is a pain. The keys suck and the mouse is no good either. This isn't to say they don't work in some capacity; sure they can help you point at things and type after getting used to it after about three months, but as far as design goes: no good. The crappy keyboard also lights the way toward the imbecilic placement of the USB ports at the bottom of the tablet. Just stupid design. Most will use this device in lansdcape. Why put USB ports on the bottom?Those are the things I have come across in using this tablet that make it sub-par and not really a prime time player, which, to my benefit, allows it to be a cheap, low-cost tablet. So I am stating that those things are definitely bad but at the same time, they are likely the reason the thing's so cheap: it's cheaply made.And battery life still is no good for me. 3.5 hours max and the power adapter is awful as well. This is from normal use and not watching HD content constantly. I do not believe you should lower the brightness of the device in order to stave off the battery deterioration; you don't have to do this on other tablet devices so why should it be a requirement here? I like a bright screen so I can see everything easily. Sure, I can lower the brightness by 50% and likely get another 45 minutes of battery life but I'd need a better prescription for my eyes after six months.After using it more, I hereby lower my stars to three.Final word, if you're thinking of getting this because you want to tinker with Windows 8 to try it out or you are an IT guy looking to get a feel for Windows 8, then buy this. It will definitely help with that and the kicker is that it does not cost too much. It's worth the investment to get to know Windows 8. That, TO ME, is the only true benefit of this tablet. Otherwise, it's cheaply made and under performs.