I was in the market for a device that allowed me to surf the internet while watching television, check emails, watch movies, etc. I didn't want to pay hundreds of dollars for another laptop, because my wife already owns one. I own a desktop, but it's in a different room than where my television is at, and I wanted something portable. I thought about the Ipad but I didn't want to spend that kind of money on something I would only use to surf the web for the most part. So what was I going to do???I heard about a new tablet computer called the 'Kindle Fire'. Sure, I thought the name sounded cool, but I was very skeptical about this thing. My main concern was that I heard and read it was very slow while browsing the internet.I decided to take a chance on it anyway; for $200, it's not really a big risk in my opinion. Once I got it home and had a chance to play around with it, i was blown away at how fast the internet browsing was! It was even faster than my wife's laptop, which has Windows 7 and about 3 GB of RAM. I have no idea as to what some of these people are talking about when they say the internet browsing is poor, and to say I almost listened to them.THINGS I RECOMMEND YOU BUY ALONG WITH ITIt would be a great idea to buy some type of case for your Kindle Fire. The case that I chose, also acts as a stand, which makes it easier to watch movies on it. I'm the type of person that doesn't like to use my fingers on touch-screens. So if you're like me, I suggest getting a Stylus to perform all of your navigations. I recommend the "BoxWave Slimline Capacitive Kindle Fire Stylus" because it has a smaller tip that works better for the smaller Kindle Fire, as compared to the larger Ipad. Speaking of navigating the Kindle Fire, regardless if you use your finger or a stylus, you'll eventually get a few smear marks here and there, so it would be a good idea to by a microfiber cloth to clean the glass every now and then. None of the above are required for the Kindle Fire, I just found all three things to be rather useful :)THINGS I DON'T CARE ABOUTWell, I guess there are some drawbacks to the Kindle Fire that some people may view as a deal breaker, but I couldn't care less. I'll just do my due diligence and list them. It doesn't have a lot of storage space, only about 8 GB I believe. This is fine with me because I don't store anything but a few books on there anyway, and books don't take up that much space. Doesn't have a built in camera. Again, I don't have a need for this, if I wanted a camera, I would buy a camera. The last thing I can think of is that it doesn't have 3G. I don't care about that because I only use it at home with my own WIFI anyway. If I do decide to go out, I could read my books that I have saved to the device, don't need internet for that.Since I am a reasonable and unbiased person most of the time, I'll give you guys one thing I don't like about the Kindle Fire. I wish the volume control was part of the hardware, as opposed to the software. In other words,I wish there was a switch on the Kindle itself that allowed me to change the volume. It gets annoying having to use the touch-screen to change the volume. But not annoying enough to deduct a star ;)If you're looking for something that's portable and allows you to surf the internet with ease, think about giving the Kindle Fire a shot. It just might surprise you. Please feel free to ask me any questions about it, while I'm not en expert, I spend a lot of time using it so I may be able to answer your question.