The Archos 8Gb Home Tablet is a promising product. However, I am sure people here aren't willing to dole out 200 dollars (more or less) based on potential only.A few of the really big drawbacks have been outlined here already. The Android Marketplace is unavailable and apps currently on the tablet are limited and kind of lame to be frank. To date, I have yet to successfully install Skyfire onto my tablet in order to use Adobe Flash 10 items such as Youtube videos even though I am usually more than capable of such tasks. (update 3/11 - I got Skyfire, then had to d/l youtube player from the marketplace. I now have youtube) Surfing is awkward. The product manual is lacking in detail and Archos leaves you to attempt to figure out way too much of this tablet, and not all of it is intuitive. The touch screen is responsive, yet sometimes clicks the wrong item or over/under responds to touch. A stylus isn't a bad idea.The battery life is good, the antenna for Wi-Fi is mediocre and hardly picks up reception in my house where my laptops perform with ease. The speakers are good and the screen resolution is satisfactory. The screen gets muddled up quite easily and requires constant wipedowns. Sometimes, the player wakes up for no reason and drains the battery!Some here have mentioned custom upgrades and firmware. These changes to your tablet can render it useless. I tried one and my tablet now hopelessly freezes everytime I allow it to power off, which causes me to have to redo the install, then lose all my data on the tablet. Not cool..One major flaw is the flimsy power and headphone jacks. I had to replace this item (shipping 10 dollars at my expense) after the power jack broke internally without warning. The plug does not completely insert into the jack and it appears it leaves the jack prone to being snapped off leaving you with no way to charge the tablet. It is not a problem that can easily be avoided so far as I can tell. As a result, my new Archos is perched on a table, not to be handled when it has items plugged into a port.Another negative is the inability to service or replace the battery in this device. So when the rechargable battery no longer functions you will be at the mercy of Archos to replace it, which will set you back 10 dollars for shipping to Archos plus repairs. A USB charger would have been a definate plus rather than relying on the wall outlet adapter.In conclusion, the Archos 8Gb HT is a sharp looking tablet which could have been executed so much better. At this price point I would strongly suggest looking elsewhere. In my opinion, the web surfing capabilities of this device have been hampered and do not justify recommending this as anything other than a high end mp3/video playback device.If you want an IPad like device RUN away from this one as you will be severely disappointed. I should also mention that I was given this item to review through Amazon's Vine program. If I am not happy with it- being given this for free in exchange for a review- then it speaks volumes to the quality of a product.