First off I have to say this. There has never been a tablet that feels this natural to hold. I can use this thing all day and not once will my hands hurt from holding it. The wedge design is not only a winner in my book. It is the champion.Apps:  The universal remote is pretty much worth it's weight in gold as it can control everything in my house. Having that kind of control in a tablet is just awesome. Never have to worry about losing your remote control again! To set up a new device all you have to do is select the device you want to control, select the manufacturer, try a few codes the tablet S has stored for that manufactuer, and then you are off. Most of the time the first code works for me, but there are more for different products. Anytime I have something that can be controlled by an IR remote I set it up on this tablet because it's so easy and I never know when I might need it!  I use the gallery, music, and video apps a pretty good bit. One problem the tablet S had before the upgrade to Ice Cream Sandwich was that the SD card could not be used as a media card for more space. It was only for file transfers. Now the gallery, music, and video apps all recognize the files on the media card and will play directly from it. No need to transfer those files to the tablet (Although I have the 32 gb version so space really isn't an issue.) However, the SD card is still not a fully functioning media card. It's locked down tight. If you try to create files or move files on the SD card with a file manager from Google Play (Android Market) it will give you an error. Somehow the permissions are set up so that you do not have write permissions to the card. Therefore you can only copy files from the card and open files from it. To move and delete files you have to use Sony's built in File Transfer app. This app works well enough but it's not a replacement for a purpose built file manager. Hopefully in the future Sony will fix this issue, but for now using the File Transfer app works just fine.  With the Ice Cream Sandwich Update Sony included two small buttons on the bottom of the screen.  One is for the browser and when pressed it opens a small browser window so that you can surf the web without fully leaving the app you are working in. The other button let's you choose three other supported apps to do this with such as the remote control and a calculator. Nice touch Sony.Connectivity:  We all know that the most important thing on a tablet is the Wi-fi connection. Without it you are up a creek without a paddle, or a boat. The tablet s' wi-fi works well most of the time. Occasionally it will drop connection but connecting back is not an issue. It happens pretty infrequently and all tablets are going to have a few hiccups now and then. I never think another thing about it.  Another nice thing the Tablet S has is a micro-USB port. The only thing about that is you have to buy an adapter to use it. There may be others available but I went ahead and bought the one from Sony to be on the safe side. Being able to plug in a USB hub and connecting a mouse and keyboard to it is pretty awesome. It turns the tablet basically into a netbook. In fact I'm typing this whole review on my tablet S with a keyboard attached to it.Playstation Certified:  The Tablet S is the first playstation certified Tablet available on the market (Can't imagine why.........) and it does come pre installed with the playstation store app. Support has been added so that you can use a playstation three bluetooth controller with the tablet S (However I believe this can only be done if you purchase the micro Usb adapter I mentioned earlier.) The only thing is the selection of games really isn't that great. I'm hoping sony will add more hit playstation one games in the future, and they say that they will. Only time will tell.Power:As many have already mentioned the Tablet S uses a proprietary charger. Why didn't they go with a micro usb charger? I have no idea. It is a little annoying because the charger is a little bulky to be carrying around everywhere you take your tablet. However the only thing that I really don't care for in the Tablet S is the battery life. In the world of tablets the battery life is at best, average. Works ok for me, but if you need to use a tablet all day every day the battery life would really be an issue for you.Screen:Here is where Sony really shines. In the tablet S they used the knowledge they have from making their Bravia TV's and put it into the Tablet S. The screen is great. Contrast is very good, brightness is very good. Overall it just looks good. Deep and rich colors.Overall this tablet is wonderful. I love it. If you are in the market for a good android tablet with a form factor better than all others then look no further. You found it right here.****Update****Well, Sony happily fixed the issue with the SD card and the third party file managers work perfectly again! Also, turning off some of the widgets I had running helped with the battery life issue. The SD card fix again makes this tablet a winner in my book