Apparently this tablet was created especially for me.  I wanted a tablet that I could use as an expansion to my desktop. My goals were: lots of storage space (so I could keep a complete copy of ALL of my mp3s and photos).  Power and speed - so I can do work through the web when needed.  Durability.  And of course, price.  I did not want a toy or something to make me look "cool".  I wanted something useful and functional.So I looked at some of my options.  The Fire... 8gb, with no expansion? *boggle* I can't even imagine who that would be useful for. Obviously a lot of people considering the hype, but certainly not me.The Galaxy.  As a mother of a 3 year old, I think the Galaxy would break just by my son looking at it.  The thing is like 1 mm thick! I'm not actually going to test it by having my son jump on the galaxy vs the thrive, but the thrive sure seems a heck of a lot more sturdy.The ipad. Just not in my price range right now.Asus transformer.  This looks like an interesting choice, but I don't know why, it just didn't do anything for me when I tried it out.  Without the keyboard, it really doesn't have anything to make it "special", and once you add in the keyboard, the price is getting pretty high up there.So then I looked at the Thrive.  It has sd, usb, and HDMI.  So a HUGE amount of storage potential.  Replaceable battery. Awesome.  Thick and heavy? Great, my 3 year old can actually use it without me having a panic attack. Battery life is not very long, but long enough for my needs.  I can plug a regular usb keyboard into it, making it like the transformer without the cost of a special keyboard.  So I bit the bullet and got it.  I've had it a couple of weeks so far.  Overall, I'm *very* pleased.  It does exactly what I want it to, and I would buy it again in a heartbeat.However, it does have some cons, and you should consider these before making a purchase:Is it thick and heavy? Yes. Yes it is.  I actually LIKE that, because it feels more sturdy to me.  However, I can also see this would depend largely on how you plan to use it.  Are you going to be walking around holding it in one hand?  If that's the case, then this tablet is probably a poor choice.  I have mine in a case and generally use it in my lap (with it resting on my legs and the case holding it up) or on a desk/table (again with the case holding it up).  It's perfectly fine in those circumstances.  I would recommend getting a case for it.The battery life seems very good. I do not have the screen turned all the way up. I turned it up to test it and it looked fantastic. However, set at auto it looks pretty good too and I'd rather have more battery life.The media player that comes with it by default is the suck.  It does not continue playing songs when the device goes to sleep. However, I downloaded a free media player app and that worked just fine. The audio is NOT very loud with earphones.  It has always been loud enough for me, but I work in a relatively quiet office.My biggest problem by far is that my laptop does not detect it through usb.  I have tried it on other computers and it works fine, but my laptop does not seem to have the right driver, and Toshiba does not have a place on their website where you can download the driver. I haven't been annoyed enough yet to contact support. Since my laptop is the only problem, I'll probably just work around it.The other two dumb design elements are the placement of things. Why on earth would you put the volume control RIGHT next to the power button? ugh. Also, I was trying to take a video of my son playing at the park and I felt like an idiot trying to hold it up with the case on. With the sun glare, I couldn't see the screen at all, and the camera location is very awkward with the case on (and not great even with the case off).I give this 5 stars because my only problems are minor and I love most things about it.  I have pointed out the negative points so you as a consumer can make an informed decision.  I really hope tablet designers continue to make some options for those of us that care about function and expansion possibilities.