I had the small Kindle; returned because I read fast enuf was changing pages 3 to 4 times a minute.  Got the big K2.  Loved it and still have it.  Got the iPad as soon as the 3G 64GB model was available.  Later I got the big new Kindle - much better than the old - so I have all 3 - 2 big Kindles and the iPad.  Have used the iPad for several months.It has great potential but one very great weakness.  It is TOTALLY dependent on the Apps written for it.  I had essentially wanted it for notetaking - really, a simple minimal database.  No such luck.  Even Apples apps are relatively useless - poor instructions, very limited usefulness, no decent import/export ability.The best app is a FREE one - Kindle's reader for the iPad !!! - in many ways this is a better reader than the Kindle's because of the touch screen - for a real reader the scroll feature at the bottom of the page (which allows you to scroll swiftly through a book or pdf converted to a book) - is practically worth the price.  Also you can set a small font size, and use the 3-finger enlarge tap followed by finger-spread to get EXACTLY the size you want.  In the kindles, scrolling is very awkward and slow.  In fact the only time I use the Kindles any more is in bright light or to read newspapers (subscribe to the NYT, Wa Post, and Shanghai Daily - none of which is available on the IPad.  I read them at home at breakfast and when I leave for work only the iPad goes with me.It is amusing that Apple's own reader is so bad.  After buying a couple of novels thru Apple I learned to forget it and get only Kindle books.  The 2 page spread on the Apple (the horizontal feature of the reader) is like the rest of the apps - designed for adult children with very limited abilities.  Bizarre.  However, Jobs/Apple know their market and I understand why they do it.  What Apple makes SELLS.  Which just means there are a lot of buyers, not that the products are useful.The next best app is the Wall St Journal - which shows what COULD be done.  I don't see how this could be improved.  Pricey but worth it to me.  The magazines available are either uninteresting (like the mag - I forget the name - which had the interview with the US general in Iraq who wanted to be fired - the mag is well executed for the iPad but uninteresting to me except for the above interview.  That general is a smart cookie - he got out clean.I did buy Paris Match for one issue just to see what COULD be done - FANTASTIC, gorgeous, beautifully executed - and all in French, which I don't speak.  If they ever get an English version I will sign up instantly - but since the French don't want English or American customers, never happen.I have tried other Apps and apparently they are mostly toys and games for adult children with limited intelligence and attention span.  Even the ones titled "get things done" and "productivity" are mostly junk written for adult children with limited intelligence and attention span.  (I don't think I am very smart, btw - but these apps - ugh!  - blech - who in the world could benefit from them ? )So, for me, the iPad is basically a reader for Kindle books.  I enjoy it but it is almost useless for anything since there are no usable apps I can find.  Be careful - they all claim to be great - read the CRITICAL reviews first.  GoodReader seemed to work but is so clumsy I took it back off.  Keynote, Photos, WSJ, USA Today, BBC News, Evernote, and the NYT Editor's Choice are all worthwhile but thats about it for me.Calendar works as a reminder.  Notes, Contacts,Safari, Pages are all so limited as to be useless.What a shame.  It could be so great with usable Apps.  And Paris Match and the Wall St Journal show what COULD be done.  If Apple upgrades the iPad so 1) 2 or more programs ran at once, and 2) it was easy to copy from one app to another and 3) easy to import/export  - it would BEGIN to reach the potential claimed for it.