I ordered the Acer W500 Tablet PC from another place $100 cheaper than here, on 4/13/11 and it arrived 4/15/11 in perfect condition.  My 8-year-old son and I love the machine and the Microsoft Touch games.  It does everything I need it to.  With the Acer, I really can leave the laptop at home.  When I need to I can remote connect to the server or laptop or desktop.  I use a program called ProComm Plus to connect to controllers at work using a Serial Port or RJ45 LAN port for my job.  The Acer W500 has two USB ports, with a USB to serial adapter it works great.  I also on very rare occasion need to use a dial up modem again USB to dial up modem not a problem, or I can remote to the desktop with it over wireless using internet sharing on my Windows mobile phone.  The keyboard dock that it comes with is great for a keyboard and dock with 2 USB ports and 10/100Mb/s Ethernet jack.  I am a Lenovo/IBM fan for the TrackPoint so when I found this had a Track Stick I was convinced that it is the one.  I love the TrackPoint if there is no mouse then that is my preference.  I briefly looked at some other Window 7 Tablets but price and features lead me to this Acer each time.  I am pleased with all aspects and I am very happy I got this one.I had a hard time finding actual real life reviews of this Tablet.  I had it preordered for a while and it was released before the ETA.  I guess I was one of the first to get it.  There are some reviews and videos online but I am very surprised that there are not more people raving about this.  I read many complaints about Windows 7 not being very touch friendly, I very much disagree.  Most people try to compare it to an Ipad, I am not an Apple software fan however; I love the hardware like the IPad and MacBook Air.  I used to have a MacBook Air but all I did was run Windows on it to use the programs I needed so I sold the Air for what I paid for it and bought a Lenovo tablet pc with double the ram, double the processing power, more ports, and triple the hard drive.  I will probably get rid of the Lenovo now that I have this Acer W500.The only thing I wish is that it had more storage for movies because they look so good, I want to load more on the hard drive and SD card.  I do have a 1tb ultra-portable USB powered hard drive that holds more than enough media.  The Acer USB ports powers and runs the hard drive flawlessly.  Playing a HD Movie off the USB drive with the screen at about 35% brightness (even at 35% it is bright and has such a good sharp smooth picture) I got around 4 hours battery life.  I did not use a stopwatch and I am by no means a professional tester.  Before starting the movie using the wireless network I checked my email and surfed the web for a bit then sat back watched a Watchmen Blu-ray rip about 3 hours.  After the movie, I checked email and surfed some more the power meter showed about 8 minutes before I plugged it in.  I left the wireless connection on the entire time.  I have turned the brightness down to the lowest that I would actually use it properly about 5% and then unplugged the power and the power meter showed 7 hours 41 minutes remaining.  I do not believe that it will last that long but it is very optimistic.  I do use it throughout the day off and on and never needed to charge during the day.To sum up this is a great tablet with Windows 7.  If you are reading this and want windows on a tablet this one is very good. I am not saying it is for you, everyone has different wants in their device.  If all you want is an internet browser that does not support Flash and a bunch of apps to play with, do not get this.  I wanted a real Tablet PC and I got a good one.  To quote a review I read online "it's still a proper computer rather than a steroid-injected smartphone with ideas above its station".