I've had some emotional highs and lows with this device.  I bought it May 19th and received it after the 23rd.  I did my happy dance because I've been following and purchasing ultra mobile PC's and was excited to dip into the tablet selection. First accessories are a 32Gb Class 10 SD Card, an HTPC remote with keyboard and mouse from Lenovo, and a cheap capacitive screen friendly stylus.  Pleased with all.During customization I found myself regretting my purchase and wanting the new shiny's running android 3.0 and Tegra 2 but now that it's running the way I want it I couldn't be happier with my device.  I now get 5-6 hours of battery (after the BIOS update) while surfing the web and playing music.First thing I did was start going through and removing the bloat like MS office trial and anti Virus.  Loaded Open Office instead.  Works fine and uses less disk space.  Panda AV (free) runs from the cloud and saves on the storage space.  Started playing with the ACER software and seeing what was interesting.  ACER Games were interesting but the variety wasn't to my liking.  I like the ACER ring because it's pretty and can be functional but ended up only using it for the device controller so I removed all things Acer from the slate except for the battery manager and camera optimizer.  Try 'Circle Dock' for an ACER Ring alternative.Loaded Firefox and searched for touch compatibility add-ons but only found one.  Works great for web navigation but was hoping for more touch friendly menu and tab/window close buttons.  I recommend X-Marks for bookmark/tab/password/history sync across devices.  Chrome also looks pretty slick on the slate.  I tried loading the Chrome OS builds from Hexxeh, but it's not compatible with the hardware yet.  I'm also eager to try BlueStack to see how Android runs as a virtualization like on the ViewTab 10.Loaded Steam from steampowered.com because of their wealth of mini-games.  The desktop service allows me to remove and download any game that I own at any time and keeps all my game data organized.  Many of the mini/indie selections run well and seem to cooperate with touchscreen.  Especially adventure and strategy games like Machinarium and Battle Slots.  Found the freeware of Desktop Dungeons and play that almost every day.  Get all of my music anywhere using Google Music Beta.  Hulu Desktop app works well with streaming video in standard (Non-HD) resolutions but the touch controls are tricky, seems to be designed for HTPC with multimedia remote.  Works best with any sort of keyboard.  Netflix also runs great in standard def.  Using Rosetta Stone to try and learn Gaelic for an Ireland trip.  Thank God for fresh Guinness!It's great to be able to use it in the office also.  Loaded some programming software for different servers and I like being able to set it up in the limited workspace and remote in to do my work.  Use it off and on all day and rarely come home with a dead battery.  Network port in the dock comes in handy and the slate powers up from standby in seconds.That's most of what I've done with my ACER IconiaTab W500, now for theCONS:An apparent infrequent Engineering flaw in my device happens when the frame is gently twisted.  I say gently because holding it lengthwise, at an angle, in one hand can cause the magnets on either side to activate the touchscreen on the lower left Start button or the bottom right show desktop button.  I don't mean it does it once.  It causes the touchscreen to rapidly press that corner until it the frame is gently twisted back or, failing that, the system is put to sleep and woken up and sometimes not even then.  Needs patience.The weakest point in the hardware is the processor but that's what saves the juice so you take what you can get and hope for patches.  The DDR3 RAM and SSD keep the slate from falling behind.  Slate puts out very little heat when stressed at Stock so I may try overclocking.