The BlackBerry Playbook is an incredible piece of hardware. It may not be Retina display but there is a preloaded HiDef video that looks stunning and everyone I have shown it off to thinks the same. It also has stereo speakers that certain other "i" products do not have. It also has the HDMI out. I believe hardware wise it is up to par with any Android tablet and clearly surpasses the iPad. The operating system is elegant and the multitasking is great. The latest iOS requires you to double-click to bring up tasks, then keep your finger until the icons wiggle and press the - red sign to close background apps. On the BlackBerry just swipe to reveal all apps and click the X. And you have the choice of not leaving them running on the background, you can just close them and they will stay closed. I believe the Playbook is superior in almost (more on that in a bit) every way to the iPad and comparable more to the Android competition.Now, having said that, the Playbook is not for everyone (at least hopefully until BB10 gets to the Playbook). I see it more as a work tool. It allows for Bluetooth communication with a Blackberry so that you don't really need a data plan SIM on it, just use your current data plan on your Blackberry phone. Although it requires you to have a tethering plan on your phone to allow full use of the data plan, it does allow you to browse through the Bluetooth connection with the Blackberry Bridge Browser. And if you already have your email accounts on your BIS or BES Blackberry, you can read, reply, forward, etc., any email through the Playbook. So you can relegate your Blackberry to your pocket and use the Playbook for everything you would normally use your Blackberry for. It also has Print to Go which basically allows you to print anything through the WiFi to your Playbook. So you want to avoid carrying your plane itinerary on paper, print it to your Playbook. It also has Documents to Go built in so you can view, edit and create Word and Excel compatible documents. You can also use it as a network storage location so you can have a Word checklist on your Playbook and have someone else or yourself access it through the WiFi network.Now, the downside. Playbook apps range from bad to few. There are only a couple games worth playing, unless you are willing to pay for them, and even so the selection is not great. This is the one point the iPad and Android tablets beat the Playbook and why it has not sold. The good side is you can find it very cheap online.I use it every day and I can certainly say it is a rugged, capable product. I do wish it had a better app selection, but it does everything I need it to do. And it is cheap. I have the 64GB model for less than what you would get a comparable Android tablet with far less memory, and of course way cheaper than an iPad. The 7 inch form factor is also very comfortable and easy to type in with both hands and I find myself thumbing like in my Blackberry with ease. I am tall and with big hands but doing that feat on a 10 inch iPad would not be possible. A more comparable unit might be the iPad mini but the Playbook still feels more rugged and overall a higher quality product.So if you are looking for a cheap, capable tablet and use a Blackberry phone, the Playbook is a no-brainer. If you want to download free apps and want a huge selection of apps where everything you can think of already has more than 10 apps to choose from or want an expensive toy for the kids, then go for something else. I think RIM (now Blackberry) did not market this well and should have gone after corporate for this product. Now with BB10 we will see if the tablet can actually do both things. It certainly has the horsepower so here's hoping the tablet picks up, since I do think it is a good product.Just one more thing, mine said New but apparentely was refurbished. Have not experienced any problems with it though. Just the power button seems more recessed than it should be.