I just got the Xoom yesterday and have been playing with it non-stop ever since. I've been waiting to get a tablet PC for a year and I'm glad I waited. Although the Xoom is a wonderful device, I agree with others that it doesn't feel like a totally "finished" product yet, it feels a bit rough, but hopefully that will change in the coming weeks.There is no question that the operating system is different, as others have pointed out, and there is a bit of a learning curve but I feel like the difference has been exaggerated. In my case, in less than 24 hours I'm already totally comfortable using it (this is my first tablet PC by the way). The Xoom is refreshingly fast when surfing the web. One negative point is that a lot of "important" apps like Yahoo Mail are not available to download at this point (as of 3/29). Hopefully they will be added soon.The camera is okay but don't expect to take great pictures with it (reminds me of the Evo's camera, which everyone was praising when it first came out, but I have the Evo and I feel like it takes pretty bad pictures).I'm a fast typer and I have to say that the keyboard is extremely responsive for the most part (the only exception I've noticed is when you type a word that contains the same letter twice in a row, in which case it will frequently only register it as one letter). You still can't type anywhere near as fast on the Xoom as you can on a regular keyboard but it's a huge improvement over smaller Android devices.One thing that I was surprised was that the Xoom only has a micro USB "input" slot so you can plug the Xoom into a PC but you can't plug a camera into the Xoom, for example. (If there is a way to do that then I'm not aware of it).This unit will definitely not replace my laptop because there's a lot you can't do with the Xoom (like any type of serious video editing, etc) but for instant access to the internet it's a wonderful unit.One thing I'm disappointed about is the fact that you can't watch movies from Netflix on this device. Apparently, there are different apps that you can download that allow you to do that but every one of them (that I found so far) costs around 30 bucks. Does anyone know of any free ways to watch netflix movies on the Xoom?4/6 update: I spoke with Netflix's customer service a few days ago and they told me that a Netlifx App is about to be released "very soon" (as in days or weeks according to the guy) and he told me check netflix's blog every few days to be notified of the announcement.Also, I still like my Xoom a lot but there are frustrating aspects. For one, even though it was running very quickly and smoothly the first few days, I find myself having to reboot it, sometimes more than once a day, because it gets very slow for no apparent reason and sometimes the browser seems to stop loading pages altogether. I have three different browsers installed on it and all three stop working (yes, wifi is on and the Xoom is showing as being connected to it). Hopefully, it will become more stable in the next few days and weeks with new software updates.