I wanted a tablet device to use for browsing, photo display and reading of all of my news articles with the Pulse App, Tech News App etc.  But most of all I wanted it for reading all of my Kindle Books. I wanted a low cost alternative to the iPad2 and the Xoom.I was lucky ordering my Viewsonic g Tablet right on the day Amazon/Woot was offering them for $279.  It arrived a few days later.  I didn't know what to expect.  I Opened the g Tablet and took it for a spin.  All of the hardware was there as listed; usb, mini usb, 10.1 screen, accelerometer, blueblooth, wi-fi.It arrived with the batteries fully discharged so I plugged it in and powered up.  Start to Load took only about 20 seconds.  At first glance the Tap-Tap interface wasn't bad but a few minutes later I realized what a mish-mosh of design by committee engineering it really was. Performance was tepid. The screen had a narrow available viewing surface. Really nothing to write home about. No Android Market. My mobile G2 phone did better. I gave Viewsonic an E for Effort and pressed on. Underneath the interface was the heart of Android 2.2.  Once I was sure everything was in order I knew what I had to do.On my home pc I navigated to the XDA website, found and read the install instructions and then downloaded stable releases of the ClockworkMod application and Vegan 5.1 (Android 2.2) in zip format.I grabbed the g Tablet and its USB cable and plugged it into my PC.  When the directory appeared I extraced the ClockWorkMod application to the Root directory of my g Table. I exracted/copied over the folder to a location off of the root folder. It came up with an update detected message and did an update.  Moments later my g Table was rooted and the ClockWorkMod Installer was ready to go.I reconnected the USB. I copied over the Vegan 5.1 zip file to another folder off of the root folder. I disconnected the usb cable and rebooted the g Tablet again.On the installer menu I deleted the User Data and then the cache I then selected the zip file for Vegan off of the menu (Use the rocker volume switches) and we were off!  The update took a few minutes.  I don't know exactly. When I looked at the screen there was the Vegan Logo and then there was a typical Android 2.2 screen.First off let me tell you in 30 minutes my g Tablet went from being a clunker to a screamer. Applications that were poking along popped up on the screen.  Everything was snap, snap, snap!  Wow! I finished the setup process with google. I then downloaded a couple hundred of my favorite apps and games from Android Market (already installed) and was promply rewarded.  Angry Birds was awesome, Pulse newsreader looked amazing, Pandora was great.Provided that one is willing to do a little extra effort and a little homework the payoff in performance and value was amazing.  Clearly this was a case of a happy investment.  I cannot recommend this course of action enough.  By now Viewsonic has gotten word about what people are doing with their discarded inventory.  And they have already issued an update.  My warning is Don't do it or allow it! Their update is an effort to disable your ability to root your g Tablet. If you do then you will have to download another 'fix' from XDA that will basically roll the Tap-Tap to the previous edition so you can upgrade it.Except for the Screens narrower range of view the g-table was now as good or better then the Motorola Xoom or Samsung Galaxy Tablets.  Do take advantage of this great value. I cannot be happier with my purchase.PS: One little nice extra tidbit of info. Android 3.0 Honeycomb is in the works to be available for this Tablet shortly with Vegan ....Update:Well its been over 6 months now.  This tablet has been steady and reliable for the whole time.  The only irksome item I've found is that the viewing angles tend to be a little limited to around a 90 degree field of vision instead of the usual 160 degree found on the iPad's or on the Samsung Galaxy.