For most things, I love the Thrive.  I've had mine for about 3 months and I rarely use my laptop computer anymore as a result.  I never take the laptop on business trips because the Thrive is a superior presentation tool.  Good battery life, good storage, excellent screen and very solid feeling in every respect.  It's a bit heavy, but again, solid and seems to exude quality all over.The good: Having owned a number of Android devices, including a couple of tablets like the Kindle Fire, I can say from experience that this is far superior.The screen movements, including zooming and selective taps, are very good and do exactly what's expected.Full HDMI is something I didn't think I'd care about until I started using it on the TV and really love it - except... (see below).  We have Logitech Revue Google-TV (also a great product) on one of our sets and the Thrive lets any set have almost all of these features.  YouTube, Netflix, etc. all work great - but not HBO/Cinemax.  I saved a bunch of money and ended up with a much more flexible solution when I went TV shopping by buying a TV without Internet connectivity.  Most TVs have extremely limited application compatibility, where the Thrive (and Revue) give you pretty much everything on the Internet.Speed and screen crispness, both excellent.  I use mine often as a Kindle reader and love it for that, especially in low-lighting situations where the unlit real Kindle doesn't work well.Good and bad:Skype: usually works OK but prone to freezing the image on recipient's end.  Forums indicate this is a pretty common problem.  It usually works OK for me.  Forums also indicate that other services work better than Skype with the Thrive.Camera quality is pretty good with good lighting, but seldom used; why would you use a 10-inch tablet to take a picture?  In my view, they could have left the away-facing camera off.The bad:A bit heavy as a Kindle reader, but still lighter than a hardcover book.  The high resolution crisp lit screen offsets most negatives, especially in low-light situations (like at night in an airplane), but it falls hard on its face in sunlit situations.The on/off button is clumsy and, especially when in a case, difficult to find and operate.There's a screen rotation lock button that can be frustrating, although it's easier than using settings once you know about it and remember that it's there.  Look at forums to view all the "why doesn't my Thrive screen rotate anymore?" comments.  I call this button stupid because it is unattached to the Settings menu for auto-rotate - doesn't indicate position or have ability to override the button.  The feature is useful, but there should be some indication of operational state.  I use this feature especially when laying the device flat on a table or when handing it around during presentations.  It's also useful for those times when a picture is rotated, because it allows simply rotating the Thrive to correct the image, which is not true when in auto-rotate mode.Thrive can NOT be used for HBOGO or MAXGO.  I don't know if this is Honeycomb related or Thrive.  Having the HDMI port and such a good streaming device but not for HBO/Cinemax is a limitation I don't like since I spend a lot of time in airports wishing I had access to entertainment I'm already subscribed to.  Hopefully this is a short-term problem that HBO, Google or Toshiba will take care of.Worst is that the Bluetooth doesn't sync to my phone, or any of 4 different phones I've tried.  Message indicates "Paired but not Connected, and won't go past this point.  Again, many complaints on the forums about this.  Why is this so bad?  I already mentioned that the Thrive is an excellent streaming device for connecting via HDMI.  Aside from music streaming and other wireless transfers, the Bluetooth would permit the cellphone to act as a remote control.  This means the Thrive could stay connected to the TV and be operated by smartphone.  I'm planning to purchase a Bluetooth keyboard/mouse (like the Revue has) and hopefully this will properly pair.  Today, I have to get up to change anything because I don't want to buy a long HDMI cable to drag across the room to viewing position and risk it being tripped over and cause the Thrive to bounce across the floor.  I haven't received a satisfactory reply from Toshiba on this issue because, despite providing this otherwise great product, they are really a lousy company when it comes to customer support.In the end, I wouldn't think of exchanging my Thrive and recommend it highly for all the things it does do so well. For me, it's better than iPad, Galaxy and others I've tried and it feels like something that will last forever.