Here's my backstory: my local store (Micro Center) had a boxed Archos 97 Carbon (9.7 inch Android ICS tablet) on sale for $99.99 on 10/28/13. And it was one of the rare times Amazon didn't beat the price. So I zoomed to get it. After a couple of weeks of using this tablet, I asked myself "Am I happy?" Yes, with a few conditions.I was looking for a replacement to my previous 7-inch tablet (Lenovo Ideapad A2107). The battery life and speed on that tablet was great, but I was hampered by its' inability to recognize Bluetooth keyboards and limited screen size. This tablet looks great on paper in 2012. It's pretty decently built, with a good weight and average system responsiveness. It feels good to hold for an extended amount of time, and has a very bright screen.Now, as previous comments mentioned, the allotment for Google Play apps is very miniscule out of the box. My first action was to address this (there are ways if you do the research...), and to test its' overall functionality. This took a couple of hours, but was well worth it to be able to add more than a few programs at a time. I noticed some lag between newer programs (Candy Crush Saga is a little sluggish), but also noticed decent latency for music production programs like Caustic. I've tried several different types of network-dependent programs (including streaming video via YouTube) and haven't experienced the Wi-Fi issues people have talked about. All of the standards work well.What makes this tablet only "great" instead of "outstanding" are the product characteristics that create some unique challenges. There is a slave USB port for plugging in Flash drives, mice, keyboards, and the like, but it isn't compatible with my MIDI keyboard. There's a USB Micro port as well-however, that seems to be for data transfers only, and it doesn't charge the tablet like you'd think it would. The AC adapter is very proprietary (and I've read can be touchy). The battery, while decent for the tablet's size, can display inconsistent information at times. Finally, it doesn't seem that Archos has a lot of support information on their website about this tablet (just the manual and original drivers).But, for just $100, the value is unbelievable.I do hope to get a few years out of this tablet, but will not be too heartbroken if it doesn't go the distance.P.S. I've also purchased the Kamor tablet case with keyboard designed for tablets up to 9.7" from Amazon. While the case holds the tablet securely at the top and bottom, it can slide out of the sides because the tabs holding the tablet in place are not "grippy". I suggest lifehacking with craft mounting squares or adhesive if you're going for something more permanent. In addition, the USB Micro adapter is not compatible with the tablet's ability to read keyboard information. I've got a converter adapter coming (USB Micro to full size USB), so I'll see if this does the trick.