A few days ago, I came to the realization that I was in need of a tablet.  I'm through lugging my laptop around on and off of planes and hoping my case fits under the seat in front of me.  Forget trying to get your laptop out of its case when your mid-flight and crammed, if you hope to be productive.  For the day or two day trips that typically result in presentation or meetings throughout the day and only allow for getting caught up with emails, hitting a local restaurant and going to bed to catch the early flight out, a tablet made total sense for me.Upon investigating tablets, the HP touchpad offered features standard that I couldn't find on the other products on the market.I can see the full web with flash and html5.I can organize my email accounts into one inbox.I can add multiple attachments easily to an email.The calendar is similar to the email inbox in that I can have all of my accounts linked to show all my events on one calendar with the option to see the individual accounts with the touch of a icon.Unified messaging allows me to see my Skype, Aim, and text messages all in one messaging application.Skype video calling is a breeze.I was able to get 50 GB of free storage with Box.net applicationI received the free Angry Birds HD game.I can view MS Documents and Adobe PDF documents.  I've also read that MS Office documents will be able to be edited with a free update coming to the Touchpad's QuickOffice in the coming weeks.I can currently use Google docs to create and edit MS Office documents.I can present images on the brilliant screen to my customers.If I have free time to spare I can watch YouTube, hulu, and Vudu.I received an update to the operating system without having to plug it in with a USB to my computer.It has some really cool docking options and a Bluetooth keyboard for operating the device while docked.I really love the Just Type feature that allows me to search my device or the web for ANYTHING(files,apps,contacts,messages,web search terms,etc.)I've  had the HP touchpad 32gb for roughly a week. I think its a great value for the traveling business person. The performance is great and the operating system is the most intuitive I've seen or used (I have an iphone and an HTC Incredible).  Evidently the Pre 3 can actually sync via Bluetooth to allow for phone calls as well as phone messages being streamed directly to the touchpad notifications.I gave this a 4 star because I think the other platforms (iOS and Android) have many more apps which may be appealing to more casual users.  As a productive user email, web, images and document viewing/editing are my major focus.  Also detracting from the experience is the lack of built in Task management that was previously available in earlier palm/HP WebOS phones.  If these two items are remedied, I would easily rate this a 5 star device.The hardware feels solid and the screen is great. So far the battery life as been amazing.  I've been casually using the device on a complete charge for approximately 4 days straight.  On a complete charge with heavy use I've been getting about 8-11 hours of use.  I wish the hardware had a rubberized back for better grip and less finger prints.I would definitely recommend the HP touchpad for people looking for a great value and high quality hardware.I've written this review on my touchpad and the spell check has done a great job correcting my errors.I hope this helps those interested.