In the beginning, I was so excited about this computer! I bought it in late 2009 straight from HP and was overly excited about the, seemingly, infinite things I could do with this computer. I was excited about the technology--even before the the Windows 7 upgrade, it was cool. From the start, I had minor problems--the computer would shut off on it's own in a very odd way. Battery wouldn't be dead or anything, but it was frequent. The computer's fan was always on and LOUD. I always took care to ensure that it wasn't in a position to run hot, but the fan just kept on running. I called in to HP, they sent me through the Bios screen to, as I understand it, keep the fan running so that computer wouldn't overheat. Didn't help much at all. Then, not even a year after having the computer, a pink line appeared in the middle of my screen. I called to ask HP about it, they said there was nothing they could do about it--it was a problem with the screen. OK, big deal to me(because I, like everyone else here paid a whole hell of a lot of money for this machine--much more than the $525 it's currently selling for), but I let it slide. The battery needed to be replaced so quickly--I didn't even have the cheapest battery--it only lasted a little over a year. It showed signs of decline before that (a computer I used for school purposes and kept on power saving settings MOST of the time). I bought a new battery (I won't even get into the trouble I had with HP's customer service regarding that--that's a whole other issue), then a few months later, I'm experiencing my computer shutting off and making this odd sound (kind of like how cartoons sound when they run/zoom away--think road runner) while I would be in the middle of something. That went on for months before I was completely locked out of my computer. I only had the option to remove my files onto an external hard drive (which I also bought from HP--Simple Save), then restore the computer to factory settings (which took away the Window 7 upgrade).Well, I had it up and running for a little bit, just to have it go out one day after I closed it (put it to sleep) to run out somewhere for a moment. Suddenly, I remembered I had to do something else. I opened the computer to see flashing lights (I think the CAPS and maybe two other lights). I tried pressing buttons--no response. I tried turning it off (it went off), then turned it back on--same thing, just flashing lights. So finally, I decided to do an internet search by entering my computer's symptoms, only to come across a huge number of reviews/complaints of people with the EXACT SAME ISSUE. Not only that, they had done things the exact same way (computer went to sleep and they couldn't wake it back up). I read review after review--complaint after complaint. The most disappointing thing was that everyone had the same issue--HP didn't care. They would not fix it or even acknowledge it as an issue with these computers. Most people were like me and out of warranty.Well, HP wasn't going to help, so I went to good old, trusty Youtube to find a solution. Amazingly, there were several videos of people either replacing motherboards in the computer, or taking the computer a part and adding silver compound and a penny to rectify the problems, sometimes. Unfortunately, after CAREFULLY/METICULOUSLY taking my computer apart and trying the fix, my computer was not fixed. Although I was able to move the majority of my files on to my external hard drive, previously--I had since bought some songs on itunes in between updating my back up and when it died on me. I guess the only way I'll see those files again is if I purchase an enclosure for my internal hard drive or something else to get my files off. How disappointing is that?! The computer that keeps on costing! As someone who believed in HP products and had an HP desktop in high school and a lap top in college that lasted me quite a while, I am very disappointed in my experience with this computer and with HP's customer service when it came to resolving this issue. I'm also disappointed that HP sees this computer is defective, yet they've made ZERO strides to resolve this issue. Needless to say--after years of me and my family purchasing HP and Compaq products, we'll never lay a hand on another. DO NOT BUY THIS COMPUTER! It'll be the worst mistake you've ever made! It currently serves as the most expensive paperweight I've ever seen.