I have had my Slate for about two weeks now and have finally reached the point where I can offer some observations.  Not trying to be comprehensive here, but share the things I have noticed so far that I would have liked to have known before I bought it.I have the XE700TA1-A04US model, which specs out with the 128GB SSD and Windows 7 Pro.First observation:Early adopter beware.  Not all of the features listed in the early releases have made it into these models.  There is no GPS, and while there is an SIM card slot, no information on carrier support here in the US.  Try to register your product on the Samsung site and you will find that not all model numbers are listed.  Early indications were that this model would ship with the dock and the keyboard, but that has changed. I purchased mine through the Microsoft Store online and they did ship a dock separately.Hardware:If you have ever (not everyone has, I know) looked at a computer and thought "Sexy!" this slate should evoke a similar response.  A couple of things that I have noticed though:  Along the lower edge, below the Quick Start key, the screen surface seems to flex.  Holding it by this edge has caused the digitized to (temporarily) go crazy.  I would be interested to see if others have observed this.Oh... Glass. Polished metal. Fingerprints.In addition to the HD being 128 "Marketing" GB (Which works out to about 119 GB) there is just over 20 GB dedicated to recovery, so the actual usable space is just over 98 GB.  Before you get upset, that is 98 lightning fast GB.  Still, would have liked to have known myself.The Windows Experience was 4.2, held back by the Graphics rating.  Considering the shared memory, not totally surprising.  That 98GB of C:\ drive scored a smoking 7.9.Just four days after my slate arrived I took a business trip and discovered how specialized the power supply is when I forgot the charger at home.  If you can find a 19volt, 2.1 Amp, 40 Watt charger (same as my Asus netbook) you probably will not find a tip to work.  I did get a peak at a Samsung netbook charger with the right output in CompUSA, but cannot confirm if the tips were the same yet.  Samsung has no option for a power supply on their site.  And I was surprised when the dock showed up but does not include a power supply.The good news?  I was able to do some writing in OneNote, and use the Slate for three of the four nights I was away before it died from lack of power.Configuration:Not sure if it's because of where I bought my Slate, but it is remarkable free of bloat and freeware.  That said, I do have an issue with the configuration: Power Management.  Specifically management of the wireless NIC .  For the first three hours I was playing with my Slate, installing updates, etc. everything was fine.  Then it started reporting the there was no internet access on my home LAN.  Way too much time chasing that issue, I narrow the issue down to how the power management scheme is set up to power on/off the NIC.  Plugged in, no issues.  Unplugged network connectivity was hit or miss once the device was idle for more than a minute or two.  I am still tweaking the power settings to see what is optimal.Now, just to be clear, I will say this:  I love this thing!