So far, so great.I never wanted a tablet before.  And I am one of the people Blackberry doesn't even think about: the completely nontechnical type.People like us learn how to use whatever we are interested in, but we have no innate flair for it. We just slog slowly and carefully through directions until we understand each part of How To.So I bought this with a fairly good idea of my inevitable learning curve for a new ecosystem, as well as the rewards for my efforts later on. So far, I am extremely pleased.Between the tutorials on the Blackberry site and the generous enthusiasts at Crackberry.com, I was able to find out all the little steps I could not have guessed.(Patience at the beginning is the prerequisite virtue for those who have no idea how anything from Blackberry works. It is not that hard to learn.But if you have no knowledge, and no patience for learning either, then you have nothing to work with at all. In that case, buy an Apple.)The Playbook hardware is very well-constructed, and a real pleasure to use. The screen and the sound quality are exceptional, and 64GB is fine for my purposes.This combination is why I bought the Blackberry Playbook, and why I am glad I did: it has wonderful visual clarity, great sound and decent storage at a very good price.The app aspect is obviously extremely important: you have to know exactly what you want this tablet for, and what the available apps will and won't do.So far, my basic software needs have been easily satisfied. In this, I am in a minority. I wanted a simple browser, decent audio and video software, a good file manager, and an epub reader.And in particular, I wanted to be able to play my personal audio and video files from different sources- which is working well so far.Then I added a few extras, as everyone does, according to interests. I'm all set. But before buying this lovely little device, make sure you can use it according to your needs.I am delighted, rather than disappointed, because I knew what I wanted before I bought it.I read about the screen, but that didn't prepare me for just how clear and beautiful it really is. I knew the sound quality was very good too, but I was still surprised at just how good.Battery life is excellent so far. WiFi has been painless, and browsing has been easy. My desktop installed the device drivers and set up the Playbook without any problem.The included charger works just fine, and I ordered a separate rapid charger too, along with a good case.I know I have barely touched the surface of what this device is capable of, but I'm not in a hurry. I enjoy leisurely meandering around in the world of possibilities.All in all, I find this device somewhat astonishing: the sheer quality of it has exceeded my expectations by quite a bit.Having said that, I will add that if anything goes badly wrong, I will come back here and report it. Stars will fall.Meanwhile though, I am enjoying this as much as I have ever enjoyed any gadget, and then some.