I am not a big Apple fan but have used and iPod touch for about a year so am very familiar with the Apple OS. I was eager to try this tablet given it was the first to use the new tablet centric Android OS. I wanted it to be as good as Apple's but the truth is, it isn't. Despite having Flash support (which Apple does not), Android Honeycomb is just not nearly as smooth or as trouble free as Apple iOS. In the month I have used the tablet, I have had one serious hard crash that nearly had me sending the tablet back. That's because the recovery process is so arcane, it would be nearly impossible to figure out without detailed instructions, which I eventually found on the net. It involved interpreting a series of obscure error messages, engaging a series of timed button pushes (power, vol up, vol down) in the correct sequence and then the navigation of a somewhat clunky text menu system (reminds me of the old DOS command line system). The good news is I brought the tablet back to life. The bad news is should not have have been nearly this difficult. The Touch has crashed plenty but always comes back with a simple forced reboot.  Xoom forced reboot procedure did not work in my case. Had to do a factory reset from boot, which is much more complicated.)But on to the usability issues. Xoom works fine in the broad sense of the word. It basically does everything the Apple OS does and them some. But it's not quite as smooth. Pans are sometimes herky jerky. Oreintation changes are slower than on the Apple. Overall, just not as polished, which is what you would expect when you compare a 6 month old OS with a years-old one. Still, the Xoom suffers a bit in the comparison. I might be able to overlook this if not for another problem. The library of aps simply is not as good on the Xoom as in the Apple universe. There are a precious few Android aps built just for the Tablet and even when they are, they sometimes offer far less funtionality than than the corresponding Apple version. Prime example: CNBC's excellent financial ap. It's amazing in the Apple version, providing tons of functionality. The Android version is a bare bones sibling, with about one-tenth the functionality of even the one for the iPhone. Since it's all about the aps in the smartphone/tablet world, this will be a real deal killer for some folks. I expect the Android landscape will improve in time but it falls way short for now.That said, there are some areas where a tablet is a big improvement over a smartphone. Notably, reading books, newspapers and magazines. The preloaded Google books ap is excellent, with realistic page turns and all the functionality you would expect of a reader. There are also several notable tablet centric news aps, including USA Today and Pulse. Both take advantage of the extra screen real estate to make selecting and reading stories easier.Watching movies is also much better on the Xoom's bigger screen but there is no comparable iTunes environment in the Android universe to port over digital copies. You must rely on streaming or getting a version is the correct format and copying over as a playable file.Xoom also offers the advantage of a micro-SD slot, notably missing on the Apple products, and a micro HDMI port for porting movies to an HDTV. It also has better front and read facing cameras than the iPad. Screen resolution also is better, if you are just reading the specs. In real life, however, it seems most people like the output of the iPad a little better.One other issue: Sound quality is somewhat lacking compared to my iPod Touch. I use a bluetooth headset and sound quality is noticably better in the iPod than on the Xoom.Bottom line: If you can get one of these things at a huge discount, as I did, you might want to consider it. The official $499 retail for the 32-gig wi-fi only model is still way too much in my view, especially with Amazon's much cheaper Fire about to debut. You might as well go with an Apple model if you are going to spend that much. If the price drops into the $350 range, it becomes much more competitive.