When the iPad was unveiled in January I initially felt very underwhelmed. The famed Apple Tablet, seemingly under production for a decade and now finally revealed, felt like a letdown: it ran the iPhone OS rather than Mac OS, it lacked sufficient hard drive space, and the on-screen icons were too small.Nonetheless, my curiosity remained at launch day, and I began to take a more serious interest based both on user reviews and my own personal needs. Trying the device out further solidified my interest, and this past weekend I reserved one and picked up my 32GB, Wi-Fi only model 24 hours later.The iPad fits my needs pefectly. I wanted a simple, consumption-oriented device that would allow me to watch my iTunes content, surf the internet, and would have access to applications that would further enhance it. The device would serve to supplement, but not replace, my laptop, would allow for instant access to the aforementioned features, and would be used daily. The iPad does all that for me and much more.Here are a few of my favorite features.Video looks superb; I've uploaded movies, TV shows, and video podcasts to my iPad, and each plays in high quality and without any hiccups. I particularly like the interface Apple selected for the video application, as the cover art for movies and TV shows is displayed in vibrant color; the video description feature, appearing to the left of the cover art, is a nice touch as well.While watching video on the iPad I'm left only with a thin screen to hold, which elicits a much more comfortable viewing experience with less mass to deal with. Though I've only watched a few videos, I much prefer it to watching video on my laptop. Audio, too, is great, both without headphones (mono) and with (stereo).Safari, the iPad's internet browser, is what really sold me on the device during my first hands-on. It's been said before, but viewing an entire web page at once, without the need to zoom in and out, is incredible. Both text and pictures look sharp, and pages render quickly thanks to Apple's custom processor. The "Bookmark Bar," a feature that can be toggled on and off in Settings, appears underneath the address bar and is a feature not available on the iPhone due to screen size limitations. I've found this to be really useful, and have added all of my bookmarks to it which allows for quick access to my favorite sites.Like the iPhone, however, page refreshes have become a nuisance when switching between tabs. I've grown used to it through browsing on my iPhone, however with such a large device I'd hoped it would be less of an issue. It's not significant enough to detract from the overall browsing experience for me, but it is something to be aware of for those who like to have multiple pages open at a time.Lastly, apps. The App Store has become a huge selling point for Apple, and it's hard to ignore the numbers Apple proudly boasts in its ads. I've uploaded both iPhone and iPad apps to the iPad, and both types play great. However, the difference in quality between the two is staggering, and I'm left reluctant to upload any more iPhone apps to the iPad. While the scaled quality of an iPhone app isn't as bad as some may lead you to believe, it's difficult to choose an iPhone app over an HD iPad app after experiencing both.Unfortunately, iPad app developers capitalize on this fact and subsequently charge many times more for iPad apps. While the price difference may be worth it to some, for others the lesser quality iPhone app will likely suffice.To conclude, the iPad won't be for everyone. The steep price can be difficult to justify for those who may not have a well-defined place in his or her life for a tablet device. Further, those hoping to get more features out of the iPad than the device offers may be disappointed in its functionality.  For anyone considering the iPad, defining when and how to use it can help to decide if it's the right purchase to make. You'll likely still need your laptop, but the iPad right now is the best complement device there is.Pros- Fantastic video quality and interface- Second-to-none internet browsing experience- The look and feel of the device- Photos in the Photo app look more than impressive- Snappiness with the accelerometer, opening apps, and other functions- Simple interface backed by easy set-up/maitenanceCons- iPad App Store pricing and selection- Hard drive space should be greater- Page refreshes in Safari- Price