I am a German customer and my English is not perfect so I apologize for that in advance. I have bought the English version of the IPod 64GB. Well, a lot of things have been said about the product's features and how great it looks and all. Time to point out some negative facts and reasons why i would not buy an Ipad again.I noticed that people praise the product based on their first impression rather than on actual every day experience.Here are some disturbing facts about the all new and shiny iPad.-Overpriced! If you consider that you can buy a netbook for half the costs, which outperforms the iPad in just about every way this latest Apple toy is clearly overpriced. Ok, it's not a netbook and it's not a laptop. But hello? One wonders why Apple's profits have skyrocket in recent months! A retail price of (maximum) 500 USD would just about be acceptable. But 800 USD for a product that offers less features than the late IPod 4th Generation is a joke.Unlike the iPod 4G, the iPad has no still camera and no video camera. It's also impossible to do Skype calls at this time. The obvious benefit over the iPod is obviously is  the big screen and as a result from this, the better resolution and picture quality.-Another major drawback: Apple does not allow iPad/iPod users to view flash content. Yes, that's right! If you want to watch a video on the internet that requires Adobe's Flash Player, your outta luck! And since 75% of all internet videos use the Flash Player, this is a major setback!According to Apple, the use of Flash Player would lower the performance of the iPad/iPod and also would lower resources to a rather low level. Excuse me? If am i paying 800 bucks for a so called "premium product" i get to decide which content i want to play and not Apple!Here we go again, with the comparison to the cheap but solid netbooks of today! All the netbooks can play Flash content, not to mention the other countless applications users have become to appreciate such as Skype or web bases games. Netbooks have more disc space to offer, you get to decide what programs/applications to install and so on. They also offer a real keyboard and countless plugs which are essential today. What does the iPad have to offer?Obviously no USB, no HDMI, no mic, no firewire etc. And again, for double the price over a modern netbook that is!But the list of flaws goes on even further. Many of the apps that you can download from the apps store and iTunes are loaded with bugs! I recently purchased an eBook and after it finished downloading i tried to open it only to get the following message thrown into my face: "failed to load book because the requested resource is missing".That was it for my first reading experience. I am still unable to open the book and i now have to contact iTunes for further assistance.If Apple wants to sell Computers to the mass, they need to re-think their price strategy. If you want to buy a protective hard plastic case, or a similar  nylon cover, you end up paying between 20 and 80 (!) USD. That's insane, knowing that the production costs for an iPhone/iPad plastic shell are in the range of 25-40 cents!Wake up Steve Jobs, success is one thing but endless greed will always keep you under the wings of big Bill Gates, who remains to supply 90% of all Computers to consumers around the world. Ever wonder why?I wonder no longer...