I love this tablet.  First off, I am an older individual-leave it at that.  So when i read/see anything about rooting and tinkering I go into panic mode.  The Samsung Tablet is truly a piece of art and highly functional.  Are the instructions the best-definitely not as you have to go online to get them then use a magnifying glass to figure out what they say.  BUT...if you read them, then most of your frustration goes away.The Syncing to computer and my smartphone was a little bit of a challenge.  Sure..Sure if i had first read the instructions this just might not have been an issue but since I didn't I was able to work through it and get both paired and syncing.  Took about 10 minutes to figure each out.The CPU is truly fast.  Pages load quickly and the pinch/zoom is fantastic. Setting up all your accounts takes minutes.  I read in the forum the screen shuts off  after a few seconds  But-again...IF you first just go to settings and select your preferences then most of the problems go away because ..yes...wait for it.....because you control your taste and settings.  Life is down right snappy.The cameras are functional but you wouldn't want to take those Sunday best photos.  QIK..which is a video chat icon is installed but as of yet there is no video chat icon.  When you click on the icon it tells you the update will be coming soon to a theater...oops..lost myself , it will be coming soon.  SAMSUNG-AMAZON...it better be because it's advertised as so.Virtual keyboard is really impressive and responsive.  The voice search works well and had few errors.  I downloaded Amazonapp store and use the ANDROID Market icon to shop for apps.  Huge selections on both and so many free I wanted to cry.  I've read some say the apps are small on the screen.  I've yet to download one that is smaller.  All are clear, sharp and responsive to my touch.  Much more enjoyable on this 7inch screen then my smartphone 4.3 inch.Reading books from the kindle app after syncing all my books for free is a pleasure. You of course can choose whatever reader app you want.  My personal choice is still to use my kindle as it still seems lighter but the point, yes there is one, is that you can read any book on this tablet as if you had your paperback with you, minus the destruction of zillions..and yes..zillions is a word-of trees.I synced all my photos, music and videos from my computer onto the tablet via usb.  The internal storage is 16gb...and i purchased a 16 gb card.  Even after 400 songs, 5 videos and too many photos to count....the internal storage had 8gb left.  I then went into settings, applications and moved the songs over to the sd card and still have about 20gbs left for internal and sd card.  Mind you this too is after I download over 30 apps and switched what i could of these onto the sdcard.So here is the windup....in a perfect world the Video Chat will be actually installed.  The instructions would be clearer and the cameras updated.  Using bluetooth would be easier if explained better.Viewing utube, movies and clips online from any site is near-perfect.  No sputters and stops.  The screen is crystal clear and sharp. You have a great portable, lightweight computer, WIFI system,ebook reader, music and radio player, camera and recorder plus a long lasting battery.  I used the navigation system but found my smartphone was a better choice for me.  It works well and I refuse to pay $50 for a holder just to use it in the car.The tablet is well made and solid.  Buttons are places within easy reach.  I bought a sdcard, fitting protection case, a device I can put the tablet on so I don't have to hold it and a good screen protector.  End of my expenses.  I hope this helps.  I absolutely love this tablet and would recommend it to anyone.  Great item!  Great price!