Way too many reviews have tried to compare the Fire to the Ipad.  Silly.  The Fire was never intended nor marketed as a competitor to the Ipad.  Think about the differences between the two companies.  Apple mainly sells hardware, and has now entered the content market.  Amazon mainly sells content.  Remember that Amazon started out as a bookstore.  Other products came later.  The Fire is a Kindle.  It's right in the name.  "Kindle Fire"  It isn't designed, intended, or marketed as a tablet computer.  It is a simple device intended to access content, and mainly Amazon.com content.If you mainly want to read books, then one of the other Kindles would be a better choice.  Their e-ink screens are a bit easier on the eyes, and the battery life is way better.  You can read books on your Fire just fine, although bright sunlight may be an issue, as it is with any backlit device.  Hard for a few LEDs to compete with the sun!  However, the Fire really shines when you want to watch video.  Music is fine, too, but my smartphone will play music.  If you are near a WiFi hotspot, you can stream the video, and if you have Prime, there are thousands free.  If you own a video, you can download it to the Fire and watch it even if you aren't near a hotspot.Some have complained about the Fire having limited memory.  Remember, it isn't intended to be a computer.  It will store maybe 15 or 20 hours of video.  I don't know about your life, but I am VERY unlikely to ever watch 15 or 20 hours of video without being near a hotspot.  8 movies means at least 2 or 3 days before I'm through them, and hotspots aren't that rare.  Traveling?  Pretty much every hotel, motel, Starbucks, and fast food place has WiFi.  While you have coffee or lunch you can delete the watched films and download a new batch.  Amazon stores them all for you.  Same with books.  We've had Kindles since the very first one came out, and we own a LOT of books.  No need to keep them all on our device.  We download them as needed.  If we want to read one again, it takes a minute or so to retrieve it.The screen on the Kindle is VERY sharp and clear, with an excellent viewing angle.  Easy for two or three to watch.  Clear text is easy to read, the browser works well, and Internet pages look good.  Most all Android apps I have tried work fine.  Some have complained about the location of the power button, but it hasn't been any problem for me.  It probably depends upon how you hold it.  I find the interface easy to use, but I do use a Droid phone, so I was familiar with the Android OS.  In the interest of full disclosure I should also mention that I have taught computer science at the college level for 30+ years, so I am kind of a geek.I don't want to give the wrong impression.  I read books on the Fire frequently.  I'm just saying that if you want to read for hours at a time, especially outside, a regular Kindle would be a little better.  I have both.All in all, the Fire is an excellent product that does what it is supposed to do very well.