I was considering between the Thrive and Transformer and went with the Thrive. I would have to spend extra money on the Transformer to get the connectivity the Thrive has built in and the ability to be able and replace the battery  are what help me make my final decision. All the Android tablets have the same guts so it's going to be how the manufacturer presents them that's going to sell you their tablet. I think Toshiba thought further into the future making full USB and full SD slots built in as well as the user serviceable battery. The screen on the Thrive looks good and can be viewed from just about any angle. It responds very quickly to the touch - I've noticed PDFs have a little lag while Kindle books are super fast. Loaded the Zino Magazine Reader app and it works good and the magazines show and perform nicely on this tablet. Web surfing is nice but you still fumble from time to time. If you encounter a page that has an excessive amount of Flash ads, it may crash the browser or slow the load down to nothing (using the default browser). Video playback was helped by a recent Toshiba update (August 3, 2011) where they added or updated the CODECs. But I still had issues playing back video. I had to enable "Soft-Decoding" in Moboe Player to get audio with the video and smooth out the playback. Plus, people have to remember that these Android tablets have high resolution screens, if you're playing a lower resolution video, the player tries to fill the screen and that will make the video appear a little fuzzy. Check all this before complaining about ugly video playback. All the Android tablets have these issues - I think it's more of an OS issue but I'm confident that the OS will grow and mature quickly. Another thing that help set the Thrive apart was that Toshiba has a great user forum website that has helped me transition to using a tablet for daily use. But remember too, this is not a computer or laptop replacement.  If you approach any of these tablets with this as your main reason for purchasing one, you're going to be disappointed. These tablets are a gadget first but help fill a small gap that lets people do simple tasks without the trouble of booting up a laptop. Things like checking email, surfing some web pages, read a book or newspaper/magazine and running some simple apps. You could do some pretty productive stuff with a tablet but you're not going to get all the functionality of a computer with it. It took me some time to quit looking for the "laptop" performance and settle to the tablet speed of things. (Just my opinion of course '. ) Bottom line, I would recommend the Thrive to anyone looking for a tablet because you get the added ports that help the transition between a laptop and a tablet.