OK, Been hanging out here for months and had my W500 since May so I guess I should post a review in addition to commenting here and there. Since a lot of reviewer have already covered pretty much all aspect of the W500. I'll rather talk about why I end up choosing the W500.My needs:Mainly I want a light weight media player, book reader and some light office work that I can carry around easily. Something that I can take with me for a short getaway trip without having to take a laptop along.My choices includes the following:Apple Ipad 2I already have an iPhone so it's just mostly a larger screen. The problem is no Flash support and it does not support most non .mp4, .mov video format. I would probably end up spending more time converting videos than watching them. No USB port also makes it tough to get files on the go and the non-expandable system RAM is really restricting.10" Honeycomb tabletsI got my hand on a review copy way before any of them actually shipped. I was initially very excited. nVidia Tegra 2 should mean pretty good video performance while Android OS should mean plenty of apps for anything you might want to do.I have to admit that I never used an Android device before this and while it might work OK as a phone OS. It's really not ready for prime time when it comes to be a tablet OS. The biggest disappointment is the file management. It's a mess. There was no file manager apps by default and you have to download one just to move files around. The file structure is extremely confusing. Took me a while just to figure out that you have to place your ebook in a specific folder in order for the Reader app to see it.Media playback was another disappointment. Tegra 2 cannot handle high bit rate 720p mkv video files which is one of the most popular format around. Netfilx was broken and is still not fix unless you use a third party hack.ASUS EP-121 12" Win7 TabletSomeone at the office have this and I borrowed it for a weekend. Really nice in most respect except a bit heavy and and short battery life but for PC user. Nothing is easier than using a Windows tablet so you just do everything you normally do without concern of finding a compatible app. The Wacom pen also makes this a perfect tablet for those doing a lot of graphics stuff. Having USB and full SD slot makes it easy and cheap to add additional storage space.Then finally comes the W500.It's definitely weaker in the CPU compare to the EP-121 but since I don't expect to do anything really heavy on the tab, it works well most of the time. The lighter weight and the longer battery life also balance out very nicely and while the AMD C50 is fairly weak as a CPU (Netbook class). The on chip ATI HD6250 means really good media performance. Handles all known video formast up to 1080p. Although the high CPU demand from MS Silverlight means that Netflix HD will not work but Amazon 720p will. Surprising good audio for the unit size. Although heavier than the iPad 2 and the other 10" Honeycomb tab. The Windows advantage just makes it a very natural choice.