I bought a 16 GB iPad 2 in spring 2011. It's great for movies and games, but it's got some fatal flaws. For reading, it's too bright and awkward and slippery to hold. For typing, it's the old index finger tap dance unless you have the cover, which allows one to lay it at an angle on a flat surface. This matters because I am dependent on the cloud for access to most of my files. That little problem Apple has with Flash? That turns out to be a big problem for me - I can't access a LOT of content on it, which is frustrating. Oh, and the cover won't stay attached when I hold it, no matter how gently I grip it.So, I bought myself a 32 GB Toshiba Thrive - from Sears. Yes, Sears - before Amazon caught on to the Sears cheaper pricing and lowered its price. I got the 32 GB Thrive for $479, a colored back for $18.99, and 2 day shipping for under $6 - no expedited shipping, no Prime membership required. Not too shabby! I love Amazon, but I will check in with Sears more often in future.I'm adding a 64 GB SD card so I'll wind up with 100 GB Honeycomb 3.1 device for another $55. It's easier to hold thanks to the grippy back even though it's bigger, and it seems a tad sturdier too. I can connect it easily to all my other non-Apple devices with all the many lovely ports described in other reviews, and it is at least as snappy as the iPad. I have over a dozen full length movies on it with plenty of room for more, all easily loaded and managed with the handy file manager. Why doesn't Apple create a file manager for the iPad?Drawbacks: The Android tablet app market is not as fully developed as the iPad market is - yet. The screen is not as bright, which might bother some - but that actually turns out to be a plus for reading text as the glare is not as much of a problem. Still, I deducted a star for that. Other reviewers found the back difficult to remove, but I snapped it off first try with no trouble at all and snapped the new one on just as easily. I LOVE that the battery is replaceable - I can expect to use this tablet for years to come.Update: 3 months later, I find I love the Thrive. I've had no problems with it, and I've stored nearly 20 full length movies on the SD card. Now I'm listening to Audible books and Google and Amazon music via the cloud. I use Twitter and email on it daily, and it is the only device I own that fully integrates my calendars in an intuitive, clean interface. It's become my go-to device for everything except long written pieces. Meantime, my iPad2 barely gets used. I do love the ebook "Our Choice" on the iPad2, but ebook maker Push Pop was purchased by Facebook and killed off, so I wouldn't expect more of the same anytime soon. The price of the Thrive has dropped slightly too, so that's cool.Update: 1 year later - I got a skin for my iPad which helps with the grip problem, but makes it even heavier. I love iPad for games, but I have maxed out the 16 GB and now have to be very careful what I keep and what I delete on it. As a result, the fact that I can only sync it to one laptop makes it a pain! I'm thrilled with iBook Author on my Lion laptop, but Apple's walled garden means if I write a book, it's only available to iTunes users. That's ugly, so I'm looking at other, more universal ebook tools. I'm still adding stuff as I like to the Thrive and have plenty of memory left - that expandable memory turns out to matter a lot; plus whenever I buy and Android app it's available for both of my Android devices, unlike Apple apps. Once in a while, I like to connect my Thrive to my HD TV, which is so easy with the HDMI port. I looked at xcode and it looks pretty daunting, so now I'm looking at the MIT App Inventor. I actually successful got the simple "hello world" app to work in just a short time, so I'm hopeful I can do more there. The openness of the Android market is quite appealing for those of us who want to be able to create, not just consume. Both devices seem to have plenty of battery life, but I would say iPad is better here. I'm a practical person and I don't really see why people love the iPad over the Thrive so much - Thrive is clearly the better value.