(written using my toshiba thrive)I've been using this tablet for 3 months now and it's great for me:OS: the update to ICS is available now and easy to download from Toshiba service station. It is speedy and easy to use and with the bugs still showing on jelly bean, and this version is perfect for me.SCREEN: very responsive, and although not the best out there it has good viewing angles and resolution. I use this as a drawing tablet a lot and accuracy is great.MEMORY: this is the strongest point of the tablet - although 16 gb is a lot and ideal for lots of apps, if you want media on here you'll need more. This device accepts REGULAR sd cards and usb sticks, and giving it the versatility of a pc. It also accept sdxc - up to 128gba memory which is more than I can say about most devices. This avoids the need for the extra adapters... The hdmi port is also full sizeDESIGN: Toshiba opted for versatility over beauty here. It is rugged and secure in the hands, but very thick. For some this is an issue, but for me it is a great advantage as I have trouble gripping things so I drop it all the time. In addition, the this is a direct result of my previous point, the full size ports. It is advised in any case to use a case...CAMERA: Not good. No auto focus so pictures don't come out sharp and no flash so unless you're in a perfect lighting situation it won't work. This being said, the 5mp it comes with isn't useful. It does have a front facing camera which works great for Skype.BLOATWARE: this device doesn't come with much unnecessary software - it has some great stripped down versions of the best apps - including need for speed shift and quick office, plus a great file explorer - a lot better than Samsung's. There are too many card games so for those like me it's annoying but since some pay for these, it can be good.SOUND: I'm fine with it, although it's not exactly the best out there it is definitely as expected. Some have complained its a bit low, although since it's easy to plug headphones or a speaker I'm fine with it.PROS:*Durable and easy to grip*easy to accessorize - back cover can be replaced*extra battery can be purchased unlike most tablets*fast, quality device*front and back cameras*5mp back camera*ICS update*biggest: full size ports make it more like a computer*vibrant screenCONS :*Poor photo quality*heavy*low speakers*design is not as cool and modern as othersIN CONCLUSION: this tablet has been perfect for me. I use it heavily for graphic design work, gaming, browsing and shopping, social media, and more. I take it with me every day to work and I am not a strong person. The few flaws have no effect on how I enjoy it and are actually sacrifices that are directly related to advantages that have more weight with me. Accessories are easy to find and inexpensive. I would definitely recommend it.Rated 4 stars: wanted to take off half for the camera but since I can only do whole stars in took off a whole.This is the case I bought to go with it - recommended: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007TXMQJ4/ref=oh_details_o06_s00_i00