I had contacted the seller for information on a refund for the item because my wife was having some difficulty in the operation of the item. So, I thought that because the item has only been used a few times and in new condition and that I had all the original packaging, that the seller would take the item back with little to no problem. The response was that the item had to be returned in it's original packaging, obviously with an unbroken seal to get a full refund. Well, in order to use the item, you have to take it out of the original packaging (duh) and was offered an amount that was a third of what I paid for it; obviously I declined to return the item and downloaded a users guide online for $0. This is the problem: when you order something online you open it and try whatever item you ordered to make sure it works or it fits you or whatever only to find out that the item isn't right and you want to return it - sometimes as in this case it's just not worth it. I'm sorry I didn't just go buy it at Staples or Wal-Mart.UPDATE: Funny enough, after the owner of Always Innovating read my review he sent the following e-mail to me:Always Innovating:I apologize that this transaction did not meet your needs. Customer satisfaction is very important to us, and our feedback % means a lot to our business. If you would like, I can send you a complimentary cover for your ipad ( please let me know what color) if you are able to remove the negative feedback.ThanksMy Reply:Thanks, but I had purchased a cover at the same time I purchased the iPad... I have no need for another cover. Unfortunately, unless you want to refund my money in full as previously requested (minus a restocking fee of course), the review stays. I'm sorry, but I'm sure you could easily resell this item for close to what you sell them at brand newAlways Innovating:If you would like, I can issue you a 10% refund and you can keep the item.ThanksMy Reply:You are totally and completely missing the point. You previously stated that "Customer satisfaction is very important to you"; well, I am a customer and I AM NOT satisfied with the product or the way your company conducts business with it's customers. It appears to me that all you seem to care about is a negative review which clearly states the facts. I also noticed a couple of other reviews of dissatisfied customers with similar complaints. It is an insult to offer me a bribe of 10% of the $312.00 I paid in good faith to your company for a product for which I am stuck with because your company refuses to refund my money, unlike many other companies I have dealt with on Amazon. So again, unless you decide to refund the money I paid, I will return the item, (which is in pristine condition) I refuse to help you.Needless to say, I have not gotten a response. It appears as though "customer satisfaction" IS NOT A PRIORITY TO ALWAYS INNOVATING.