I wanted to share my thoughts comparing the Nook Color and the Kindle Fire.  I am an average housewife looking for a good book and a game every now and then.  I was not wanting a "tablet", just an ereader with more capabilites than reading books.  This summer I purchased a Nook Color and I preordered the Kindle Fire.  I wanted to compare them and whichever one I liked best I would keep.  The loser would go to my kids.After using both, I have decided the kids will get the...Nook Color.  But I might add, that I believe the Nook Color was the best choice for my kids also. For the following reasons:I love the Nook Color childrens books.  They are interactive and keep my kids attention (ages 4, 6 and 9).Most importantly, they have parental controls for downloads.  The Fire lacks parental controls, therefore only getting 4 stars.  My 4 yr old has already figured out how to order apps on the fire, to my dismay.  The nook color also has great apps for children, although a lot of them you have to pay for, whereas, you can find many of the apps on the Fire for free.The Fire weighs less than the Nook Color.  I believe the Nook tablet weighs even less than the Fire.  I don't have an e-ink reader, so I had nothing to compare the weight issue to.  I can hold both the Nook and Fire easily and I can hold them for hours reading books on them.  In my opinion, the weight is a non-issue to me.The Fire was the best choice for me over the Nook Color for the following reasons:1.  Smaller in size.  It is nice for me because I don't carry a big purse and it fits nicely in there.2.  Wi-Fi.  It is a tie between the Nook and Fire.  I don't need 3g because my intent was not to be able to browse the internet from anywhere.  I would get a smart phone if I wanted that.  The wi-fi suits me just fine.  Although on the fire, it tends to loose its signal more in my home than the Nook did.3.  Keyboard:  I like the keyboard a little better on the Fire.  It is easier to tap and with auto correction, it makes typing emails a breeze.  If I had to type a long email or document, like this review, I prefer the standard keyboard on my laptop.  But with the need for minimal typing the keyboard on the Fire works great.4.  Apps:  By far the winner is the Fire.  It has great apps and many I have found are cheap.  I am not a professional and need a lot of utility apps.  I just mainly browse the games, both for myself and my children.  I have found that many I had to pay for on the Nook, were free on the Kindle.5.  Streaming:  I tried to stream one video on the Nook.  It didn't go so well...it had lots of hangups and was very choppy.  Although I really don't stream a lot, the Fire does a much better job of that. I have also downloaded a couple tv shows to keep on my kindle in case my kids get restless at the doctors office, store, etc.  That comes in handy quite a bit.6.  Music:  I don't really download music so I don't have any comments on this area.  I do, however, have the pandora app and listen to music that way.  Works about the same on the Nook and Fire.7.  Speakers:  This is one area the fire lags.  Both speakers are located on the bottom and when you are watching a movie, all the sounds come from the left or right side.  But it is not a problem if you use earbuds.8.  Amazon Prime:  I am disappointed with the free shows or movies amazon offers for their Prime members.  My kids wanted to watch Edward Scissorhands, which was made YEARS ago, and I had to pay to rent it.  It was not offered to Prime members, which was disappointing.  But I do love prime for the book lending.  I noticed they had a Chelsea Handler book that I paid $13 for to read on my Nook, and I could have read it for free on the Prime book lending program they have.  The free shipping is also great, but everytime I order something, it takes 3 days to get to my door instead of 2.  I am not upset by that because I would be just as happy with ground shipping, but Prime does offer 2 day shipping and for me it is not 2 day.9.  Memory:  This was a big one for me because the Fire does not have a memory expansion slot.  Before I got my Fire, I looked on my Nook and found out how much memory I had left.  I had a multitude of apps and a lot of books and I used less than 1gb.  I never used the expansion slot for my personal need.  I was still concerned about the Fire with the memory, mainly because of all the reviews out there.  I LOVE the cloud and it suits my needs just fine.  Again, I don't watch a lot of movies or videos on the Fire, so I have plenty of memory for me to use.  I have 1 hour of video, many books and about 50 apps on my Fire and have used less than 1GB.I know there are a lot of consumers out there that are trying to figure out which ereader tablet to buy this holiday season.  Honestly, you can not go wrong with either one.  But in my opinion, I feel the Fire has more features on it than the Nook.4 stars for the Fire.  I will change to 5 if they put on parental controls soon.