I admit that I was very hesitant to purchase this product since it was no longer supported.  I had wanted it for a long time and had missed the $149 sale.  In a quick decision, we decided to go ahead and give it a shot.  I did some more research, including reading all the negative reviews posted here.  I am pretty tech savvy and have experience with many tablet computers.  I own an iPad at home.  I have also tested tablets at my job including the samsung galaxy, the cl900, and the HP slate.  I was going to wait a month to write my review, but after playing with it all morning, I just could not wait.  I was quite annoyed by the lack of brain cells that some of the other reviewers have.  We have both the ipad and the touchpad and we love them both.  Let me say that I have not even optimized my touchpad yet.  This review is right of the box without even updating the thing.It was stated that the touchpad takes a long time to boot and that there is no progress indicator.  The truth I that it does not take all that long to boot at all, might even be less than my iPad.  Most tablets that I have tested do not have an indicator bar.It was stated that the touchpad freezes a lot.  I have had mine all morning... Been playing with it off and on for 9 hours.  No freezing at all and battery life is great.  Maybe this person got a bad apple out of the bunch.it was stated that there is a lack of apps.  Well, that is to be expected.  Their are not a lot of apps out for any new OS.  If you are a person who is looking for a wealth of apps, then you should know better than to buy this.  Just wait until there are more available.It was stated that tech support for HP is terrible.  Well, I don't think there are many companies who actually do have good support.It was stated that you can see too many fingerprints.  Well, you can only see the fingerprints if you turn it just the right way.  Don't most people buy covers, screen protectors, and cases?  Why is this even an issue?It was stated from different reviewers that the browser is slow and basically terrible, that screen lacks brightness, that the machine is sluggish, and that the buttons are difficult, and that it was difficult to figure out.All of these simply untrue.  I actually like this browser much better than the iPad's.  The screen, in reality is crisp and clear.  By the way, the touch screen responsiveness is among the best.  This is coming from someone who literally has over 15 touchscreen devices in their home right now).  The machine is quick and was very easy to figure out.  I did not even read the directions.  You can check out the review of the touchpad from techno buffalo.  They are professional reviewers and talk about the browser.One of the people that gave this one star did not even buy a touchpad.  He just hates HP.  The review section is for people who actually bought and have used the product, not for people who have a personal vendetta.There where quite a few reviews that admitted to it being a great tablet, but only gave it one star because HP discontinued it or because one small thing did not work.  No tablet is perfect, not even the iPad.If you still have doubt in your mind that this is a good product, look at the positive reviews compared to the negative.  There are much more positive, and many of the negative reviews contradict one another. Use your head and think before you buy.  If you are looking for a wide variety of apps, then this is not for you at this time.  But if you are looking for something to browse the web, play videos and music, check email, chat, play a few a games, and even get some work done, then is is an excellent choice. :-  Good luck and happy tablet hunting.