Toshiba had launched their Toshiba Thrive 10.1" in December 2011 of last year and just before teh new year...today Oct.11, 2012 i go onto their website to find out there is no mention of the Toshiba Thrive 10.1". it is has been discontinued and customers shoudl be appalled. I used the machines maybe even 30x and it hasnt been a full year. 1st week I noticed the cameras photos are somewhat fuzzy but I thought no issue. Afetr the first month I finally loaded Skype and noticed (as I live next to a cell tower) the image is also fuzzy and it kicks me offline for no apparent reason. therefore, when i need to reach my son in NYC...my screen freezes while in Skype and I am not one to download bunches of apps.here is my conversation copy with my typos today with Customer Service...it is too bad that customers have no knowledge they flat out discontinued this and it was purchsed from QVC as newly introduced last year in Dec. of 2011. We were used to fill the pockets of Toshiba makers.Thank you for choosing Toshiba Direct. A representative will be with you shortly.You are now chatting with a Toshiba Direct Sales Specialist. Please tell us about your Chat experience at the end of the conversation.You: karenMarc: Thank you for choosing Toshiba Direct.  I'm your Sales Specialist for today.  How may I help you?Marc: Hello Karen.You: i have purchased the Toshiba Thrive 10.1" from a 3rd party...namely QVC...but i dont see it on your site at all. I had it since last December...is this considered outdatedMarc: I am sorry, that model is discontinued.You: wow....why is that so.Marc: We have replaced it with the new Excite.You: so if at all i needed to replace it i am out of luck...or any parts of it...it is brand new less than a year old...introduced just last year on QVCMarc: I understand.Marc: We still sell some accessories for it.You: the screen for calling on Skype is fuzzy and i noticed issue with a 1st month that i though wasnt tserious...it logs me out of internet for no reason. and it does not have java to run any games online...Marc: Let me refer you to our Technical Support Department at 800-457-7777. They are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week excluding holidays.You: do you think it is possible to return it for full refund...i hate it now since it logs me out and would you believe i have used it a total of 20 times in almost a year?Marc: I am not sure about return policy of QVC.You: how can someting be invented and intriduced to teh media in one year and the next its dicontinued?You: what will have to the 7".You: happen i meanMarc: I am really sorry.You: i know you are sorry but can you answer that question...i may need to put this on the news...the public are the ones paying the price and no discount towards a new one.You: /You: ?Marc: I understand, but that's how technology does.Marc: Every year one new device is invented.You: yes but apple is not discontinuing products afetr one year. they just invent something else just with more perksMarc: I am sorry, we are not Apple.You: I can see that...it was online from QVC in DEC of 2012. I bought it mid december 2012, therefore it shoudl not be discontinued..i was just used to give money away to a company that i thought was the best but my mind is changed. i have a tablet i cannot do much with...You: Apple runs business differently and i doen own and Ipad. teh say what their issues are with products and they come out with others but discontinued short of a year is unacceptable.You: i dont own an ipadYou: if u were in my position what would you do?Marc: I understand you concern, I am really sorry.You: aplogizing doesnt go but so far...the public who help create Toshiba are the ones who paid for great technology and no one said it was discontinued until you log into your site and notice it is not thereMarc: There is nothing we can do about it, we can't just bring back the Thrive.You: it is not what i asked...it is we are stuck with a not so good product that kicks us offline for no apparent reason and using Google you can see many who has this Thrive Tablet. But they have no idea it is dicontinued..i mean products are sold on other networks perhaps to get rid of them from stock and bring in revenue...but the customers...who cares about them who makes you who you are. Principal over Pocket MoneyMarc: Thank you for waiting. I'll be with you in just a moment.Marc: I am really sorry, we can contact Tech Support to fix your tablet.You: Since i bought it I thought the creen was supposed to look fuzzy on my end when on Skype in a area with a cell tower very close though it froze up on me first time I used it to speak to my son in NYC whcihc has fanatstic reception. that shoul not be the case...I will tell the public and saven these messages...thie really is bad for teh customers that we dont have no idea about it. At least Apple make their issues known to the public and say they will work on a solution.Marc: Please contact our Tech Support since your tablet is still under warranty.You: thank youMarc: You're welcome.Marc: Have a great day!Marc: Thank you for chatting with us.  We value your feedback.  Please click the "End Chat" button at top right to answer a few questions about your experience with us today.Thank you for chatting with us. Please click the "Close" button on the top right of the chat window to tell us how we did today.