I got an MB292LL/A 1G 16GB WiFi only iPad from someone who needed an Intel Mac with Snow Leopard and iWork '09. He had to give up his iPad 1 16GB WiFi-only giant iPod touch model to do it, and it floored me. I spent over 24 hours on it almost totally non-stop after I got it, and between our MC343LL/A Time Capsule providing stable, Apple branded wireless-N AirPort Extreme WiFi and the iOS 4.3.3 it came to me with smoothing early production software on it out, I feel just like I did when I bought my MB325LL/A iMac-I may have gotten the older model, but I got a more pleasing product than a camera crippled iPad 2, no dual-core A5 processor is worth suffering through a crippled rear camera. It pleased me enough that I upgraded my MB531LL/A 2G 16GB iPod touch to the last iOS version it supported, iOS 4.2.1-which previous to the iPad I was diametrically opposed to doing.The iPad "just works", mostly DESPITE but a tiny bit because of iOS 4. A bug fixed iOS 3.2 would have been much more pleasing to me, but I didn't get that opportunity. Plus Apple's decision to torpedo, obsolete, and deprecate the perfectly functioning MobileMe for some stupid as everything iCloud service just makes me fume and want to hold on to what works for personal life and school.Apple's background machinations excepted, the iPad is front and center the best device I have ever seen bar all but the Macintosh 128k, who is the second-most remote Apple ancestor of the paradigm OS X 10.7 and iOS 5 are replacing. The 128k is still tops in my book, but the iPad is second. It is just so amazing I can't get over it. How did Apple make something that, despite their terrible record as a company under the Jobs regime of 1998-present, so fulfills (like the MB325LL/A iMac, the MC374LL/A MacBook Pro, the MB531LL/A iPod touch, the MC343LL/A Time Capsule, and the MB404LL/A MacBook White while I had it) all the hype Apple puffs up for it? Now the other devices you could say Apple didn't have to puff up quite so much, as they were improvements on existing devices (the iPod touch is a PalmPilot that works how I always desired one to work) but the iPad it had to puff up extra big because the Windows XP, Vista, and 7 tablets nor the Modbook from Axiotron, great though the latter one especially supposedly is, were a totally different type of device. Totally different. The iPad therefore had to be convincing that people actually needed it and could have a use for it. Once I got the primary production Intel Macs and the chance came along, I got the iPad and it meets EVERY SINGLE FREAKING THING Apple puffed it up to be and do.Well, for as long as MobileMe is still on life support. Once it's off life support, iCloud will spell the doom of some of the iPad's most incredible features, but then again the loss of MobileMe is what pushed an iPad into my hands, so I can't complain much at all-because otherwise I couldn't write this review.Go iPad! Go iPad! Go iPad! Even though your name may sound like a feminine product, go iPad! Three cheers for iPad! Hurrah! Huzzah! Hurrah!An outstanding yes to the question of whether or not I recommend it to anyone and everyone. Apple as a company however, I am forever angry at now.But we're not reviewing Apple...Update Independence Day 2011 (also will go on my MacBook Pro MC374LL/A review):I just wanted to add that when the MacBook Pro and iPad are added to my iMac and iPod touch (even an old, not fully iOS 4 supported 2G 16GB iPod touch like mine) I have flexibility that was worth waiting for, and I will have a great deal of it still even after the iCloud transition. I find that, for my personal needs, the MacBook Pro plus iPad is a far more flexible solution than expecting either a MacBook Pro, a MacBook Air, or iPad 1 or 2 either one to be your in between device by itself. No one computer, none that I have ever seen, could even remotely hope to do all the varied tasks I want a computer to do all by itself, although a MacBook Pro Spring 2010 like I have with some iPad like periodical apps from the Mac App Store that enable it to have the periodical reading capability of the iPad while still having the traditional computing capability of the same MacBook Pro the way I have it now, would come awfully close (especially with the one cable plus adapter HDMI output capability.) With that said, I prefer having multiple options even with such a scenario, because my parents need to use a computer too (and I want the MacBook Pro primarily to myself.)So, with those caveats dispensed with, I love having the flexibility of Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard plus Windows 7 capable primary laptop-indeed, primary computer, as the MacBook Pro has almost totally taken over for the iMac in practice, freeing it up for Momma or Daddy, with both OS options currently coexisting through Boot Camp, and I love having the iPad for the fun stuff that it is perfect for. I can also supposedly use it to read my textbooks, and I am excited about that prospect.The MacBook Air, by contrast, seems like a super-upscale (in both features and quality) netbook, whether the Apple diehards want to admit that or not. The iPad and MacBook Pro on the other hand, are immensely capable when used as intended computing devices which just simply are the best in their classes. The MacBook Air is too, it's just in a class I don't need.Apple iPad (first generation) MB292LL/A Tablet (16GB, Wifi)