As has been mentioned in other reviews, this tablet is stuck on 2.2 and since it is a no name brand Amazon and Google Play don't recognize it as something compatible with many of the popular or newer games - even though it can handle anything I have installed on it so far.  It took a while but I was able to hack it enough to get Google Market (not Play - but I prefer Market anyway) up and running.  From there your choices are pretty much endless - way, way more stuff will work with 2.2 than you might think or have been lead to believe.  So below isn't a review but a copy of a post I made at one of the developer sites where I had been asking around to find out how to get Minecraft Pocket Edition installed and running.******I have successfully installed Minecraft Pocket Edition demo on 3 separate Elocity A7+ tablets.I have been trying to do this through Amazon (but eventually it worked on Market - see below) by trying to fool the App Store into thinking I had something else so some of what I did may not be needed, but I am ignorant enough to not know for sure and not interested in trying to find out right now.Anyway, here is what I did on the second and third tablets after I got it going on the first;1. Download and install Root Explorer (Speed Software) and Z4root (RyanZA)2. Z4root - make root permanent3. Change the build.prop file like this (Root Explorer asks if you want to make a back-up and I always say yes, but have never needed it)BTW - this is lower/upper case specific, as in what is below is exactly like I have it in the tablet.model=Nexus 7brand=googlename=mysidmanufacturer=asuslcd_density=1604. Do this - [forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1431967] - (this post shows you how to install an older version of Market - not Google Play, and I think that is key to this whole thing working) but note these differences - I didn't bother with any of the back-up copy/paste stuff. I did add the extracted app files to the system app folder and then had to force a reboot. Upon reboot when Android set-up starts (it'll say you now have a Nexus 7!) make sure you choose to skip everything (it'll ask to sign-in or create a new google account or skip - make sure you skip all of it)5. Copy paste the wpa_supplicant file like the instructions say.6. In the system app file delete the Freing or Fring or (something like that) apk. When you delete this file it will say something like "Stopped working" blah blah and you'll need to do a force reboot.7. Upon reboot you should have Wi-Fi back and there should be a market icon on your app screen (actually the icon was there before the final file paste in the bin folder (I think)).8. Open that sucker up and log in.9. Search for Minecraft Pocket Edition - find it, install it, go play! Note: It may take a while for Minecraft to show up in a search - I think the Fring thing above is just coincidence.******Another note - I have 4 of these and each one I bought for around $80 from various sources.  I keep expecting Amazon's price to drop but in the last 3 months it hasn't.  For $80 and the hacks it is a good deal.  For $120 and hacks it might not be.