I purchased the Amazon Kindle Fire as a Christmas present for my favorite person, ME!  After having it for a month, I am totally in love with it.  I can read in the dark, which is an awesome aspect as not to disturb anyone else who may be actually trying to get some sleep.  It serves as my nightlight during early am strolls to the fridge.  I can take it to every room in the house, fly with it, [it also serves as my alarm clock] take it to Starbucks-I find the Kindle Fire to be very portable and light weight.  I go on long walks with it, early morning and late evening, so I can read while I walk a predictable and at least partially shaded trail. Incorporating the Kindle Fire into my exercise routine was a major unexpected bonus.I can listen to music, Kindle Fire accepts my standard Bose head sets, watch a movie with dynamic definition, or use it for its core purpose-reading a book.  The only problem is I am reading a few books a week now-I cannot put the Kindle Fire down!  I find the Amazon prime membership to be a great value when it comes to securing more Kindle books because many authors, such as myself, are enrolled in free borrowing for Amazon Prime members program.  For that program there is no "return" date, so essentially free.  You can find out if a Kindle book is enrolled or not in the Prime program by looking near the payment button.With the Kindle Fire, for the first time in my life, I can check my Facebook, Twitter activity and answer my e-mail without getting out of bed.  I also love the fact I do not have to sign in each time, I configured my Kindle Fire to just remember the passwords.  The battery has always lasted through all of my extended uses, and I have never had a wireless connection problem anywhere I took it. The Kindle Fire is very strong in picking up wireless connections.  Speed is very good with almost any function, I live on line so I appreciate how important speed is.  I also like the fact my Kindle Fire always knows where I left off, what applications I use the most and what I may even do next!RESEARCH -  The Kindle is great for research and learning new words.  If I happen upon a word I find intriguing, I can press that word and a dictionary will appear.  I can also opt to search that word on the net.  I can book mark and make notes about that word.  Most importantly, I can "search" for that word through out the book which really saves me time when I am looking for something very specific.  I really wish I had this when I was in college.APPS I LIKE - NetFlix Instant (I just watched Pearl Jam in concert), EverNote, Touch Bible, The Weather Channel, Pandora, Words with Friends,  Alarm Clock Extreme, Wall Street Journal, Reader's Digest, and LogMeIn Ignition.I am so attached to my Kindle Fire I need to give it a name.  It think I will name my Kindle Fire "Shirley."  Meaning "Surely she makes me happy."