I'm an Apple guy.  I wouldn't trade my iPhone for anything Android, nor would I trade my MacBook for anything PC.  So when Amazon debuted the Kindle Fire, I was skeptical.  Would it really deliver?  I waited until well after the Fire began shipping before making the decision to part with $200 (maybe a pittance to some, but not to me!).  I read reviews for days, and I kept going back and forth on "should I hold out for an iPad?"  In the end, I decided that the Fire was the tool for me and that I'd keep the extra $300 to buy diapers and baby food with.In all the reviews I've read, I think that the common denominator on the poor reviews is that everyone expected an iPad-like product for a cell phone like price.  I know full well that the iPad has more functionality, more apps, more screen size, etc.  However, like many of the reviews I've read, if you don't need all that, then the Kindle Fire will blow you away.  It certainly did me.As an e-reader, it's already replaced my Kindle keyboard, due to the simple fact that I can read late at night or early in the morning without turning on a light and waking up my wife.  And no crazy priced lighted case to have to worry about, either.  Books display well, and the features imbedded in the Kindle work great.  I certainly like typing notes much better than with the Kindle keyboard. No problems with weight or anything.  I hold it just like my old Kindle.  I really like the ability to see the books in the Carousel and the home screen.  Much easier to find than on the Kindle 3.  Yeah, having the ability to organize the books would be nice, but it's not that big a deal.  You can always click on the "book" tab and go to the author view if you don't like looking at all your books as once.Second, playing games (which my kids LOVE) is a blast on the larger screen, a huge step up from my phone.  No, it's not the iPad screen, but for $200, it works really well.  And who cares about all the apps not displaying in every screen orientation?  Have we really become so lazy that we can't flip it around?  And a free app a day is pretty cool, too.Third, my experience with Silk and email has been good.  I'm not going to sit and compose major emails, or browse through a ton of web pages on this thing.  That's why I have a laptop.  But if I want to check something, or respond to a quick email, the Fire works great.Fourth, the touch screen works fine for me.  Yeah, every once in a while it doesn't respond as quick and I have to tap again, but you know what?  My iPhone is the same way.  And yeah, every so often I fly past something in the carousel.  You know what I do?  I SLOW DOWN HOW I SCROLL.  Not that difficult, really.  As to the touchscreen keyboard, I've had no problems with it.  Maybe it's because I'm used to typing on my iPhone, but I wonder what people were expecting.  Touch screens on every device I've ever used are kind of hooky, including the iPhone.  And you know what?  Operator error enters in more than device error.Fifth, the Cloud storage is great.  I've loaded quite a bit of music up, and the Fire streams it seamlessly.  Volume is good for a small device.  Haven't tried headphones yet, but will do that soon, I'm sure.  Video from Prime is seamless, too.  The combination of Cloud storage, free shipping, and free content will probably entice me to become a Prime member when the trial runs out.  Tough to beat for under $7 a month.In the end, the Fire does everything I hoped it would do and it does it well.  I was struck when reading many of the reviews by much of the criticism that we are truly a spoiled people nowadays.  The Fire is not going to change my life, or complete me.  It's a fun gadget that allows me to do fun things in an easy and convenient way.  It's for ENTERTAINMENT, and  it does it extremely well.The only thing I would seriously like to see change is the one-click option.  C'mon Amazon!  We WANT to put our passwords in to purchase!  It's not that big an inconvenience!  It's certainly easier than your having to deal with 100 cancellations and refunds when my kids purchase that Barbie Playhouse they've been wanting, but dad doesn't think they need!