I don't normally write reviews. Most products are not good or bad enough for me to care. This is honestly the worst experience I have ever had with a product. My need for a laptop replacement for college is the only reason it wasn't immediately returned.The short version: don't buy it. The customer service is worthless and the quality control is nonexistent. Go buy a Nexus 10 or something else from Samsung.PROS: None. There isn't a single good thing I can say about this tablet that matters at all to me. The closest I can come is that it's a nice looking paperweight. But honestly, looks are only a pro if it works. Otherwise, who cares?CONS: This one needs categories  BEFORE REPAIR TABLET: The tablet itself was glitchy from day one.  GPS: Like everyone else has said, they suck. The GPS, I can deal with. I wasn't really planning on using it much for that purpose. That said, if you advertise a feature, that feature had better work. If I buy a tablet that advertises GPS, I want to be able to use it whether that's its main purpose or not. The GPS dongle that was ASUS's fix is ugly and prevents the use of the dock, which was a big selling point for the tablet. Before repair, the dongle failed to improve the GPS. It still could never get a lock.  WIFI: Again, it's as bad as everyone has said. I had read that some people had decent signal strength. Mine did not.  GRAPHICS: This was one of the biggest problems. It never could render the graphics properly. Anything displayed on the screen was distorted and shaded oddly. Instead of smooth shading, there were only a few very noticeable breaks where the shading changed. Everything had distorted edges. If I were to guess, I would say the graphics processor was damaged or was not properly attached. This was the one of the reasons I originally sent it in for repair.  FREEZING: This was the other big problem. This thing has a quad-core processor. It had more processing power than the broken laptop it was replacing. It had more than enough power to run everything perfectly smoothly as advertised. Unfortunately, this wasn't the case. It constantly froze on the simplest tasks. Browsing the internet wasn't possible through either the stock browser or any Play Store replacements. The tablet would always stop responding.  CUSTOMER SERVICE: ASUS has the worst customer service period. Honestly, I would get better results from beating my head on a rusty nail. I can't adequately describe how amazingly awful it is. When I first contacted them, they were quick to issue an RMA. That was the only thing they did quickly. The repair center had the tablet for 6 weeks. I had no contact from ASUS about what was going on. Their repair status website had some cryptic code that meant nothing to anyone who didn't work at ASUS. I had no idea what was going on. I honestly think they just dumped it in a corner somewhere and forgot about it. Things finally started moving when I filed a complaint with ASUS. However, they still did not tell me what was going on. They intentionally waited almost 2 more weeks to respond to my complaint after the delivery confirmation informed them I had picked up the tablet. This response actually took me longer than necessary to decipher since they couldn't be bothered to glance over the couple of sentences they wrote. This pathetic example of how NOT to conduct business would have concluded here if the tablet were actually fixed. It was not.  AFTER REPAIR TABLET:  GPS: Without the dongle, the GPS was unimproved, but it works with the dongle now.  WIFI: Wifi is about the same. It will never have perfect signal strength because of the design flaws.  GRAPHICS: The constant bad shading and edges were mostly fixed. I say mostly because while it isn't constantly messed up as before, the graphics still freak out periodically.  FREEZING: The freezing is much, much worse, and it continues to get worse.  TOUCH: This is a new problem since the repair. Many times when I touch the screen, it will react as if I touched a completely different area. It won't always recognize swiping to scroll a page. This is also getting worse.  MORE CUSTOMER SERVICE: Since the repair actually made the tablet worse, I unfortunately was not done dealing with ASUS. Instead of offering a replacement or an advanced RMA, they continued to insist that I send them the tablet again. Surprisingly, I don't trust them any more. After waiting 6 weeks to receive a tablet with more problems than it was sent with, I just don't think this particular tablet is reparable. Since they refused to help, I filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau. I won't give any details from that other than the complaint is still open after 5.5 weeks.If you've made it this far, I should add one more thing. ASUS knew about every one of these problems before they released this model. It was replaced in less than a year by a fixed version, the TF700t, aka the Transformer Pad Infinity. The only difference in specs is a slightly higher resolution screen. The tablets are sold for the same price. Actually, I just checked. Amazon sells the 64 GB version of the TF700t for less than the 64 GB version of the TF201.