I purchased the Samsung Galaxy Tab Wireless as a cheaper alternative to an iPad. I also liked the size of the unit and the micro SD card slot allows me to decide how much storage I want.  I still use my Galaxy Tab everyday however there are many annoying deficiencies that keep this unit from being a great tablet. Most of these problems could be fixed via a software update from Samsung. In short, this feels like a unit that was rushed to market (like many Samsung products) and left me with a bad taste in my mouth. I would probably rate this 2.5 out of 5 stars if I could. I gave it 3 because 2 was a little low.The Good:- The screen is absolutely gorgeous! It is very bright and the colors are vivid. Probably as good if not better than my wife's iPad.- Battery life is fantastic. I get about 8 hours of battery life and that is while watching videos, surfing the web and playing games. Although not as good as an iPad, 8 hours is very respectable for a unit this size.- Size is great! As I mentioned, the size of the unit is what attracted me in the first place. I didn't really want a tablet with a 10 inch screen. This fits the bill nicely.- I can upgrade the storage when I want. With iPad you have to choose how much space you want at the time of purchase. After that you are stuck with your decision. With this unit I can add a 32gb Micro SD card anytime I want.- Built in task manager. Hold down the home key and you can start the built in task manager. Sweet.- Fast (once booted up). I haven't experienced any slowdowns with this unit. It seems to run everything I have thrown at it very well.- Status bar is awesome. You pull the status bar down from the top of the screen and you can adjust the screen brightness, toggle wireless, GPS, Bluetooth and orientation lock on or off. I wish my phone had this!The Bad:- No Bluetooth HID support. For some reason, Samsung decided to disable Blue Tooth HID support on this unit. This means no blue tooth keyboard or mouse support. I am baffled as to why they did this. If you buy the same unit from Sprint (with 3g) it has Bluetooth HID support.- Calendar. The built in calendar will sync wirelessly FROM Google but not TO Google. This means that a calendar entry created on the Galaxy Tab will not show up on your Google calendar. Highly irritating if you have multiple devices that sync with google. (You can sync if you connect it to your PC and run Samsung Kies software)- Camera. First the camera doesn't have auto focus. Come on, my last 2 phones have had auto focus and you can't add that feature to a $350 tablet? Also, you cannot shoot video from the front facing camera. This makes no sense to me what so ever.- Does not charge when connected to a PC unless the tablet is powered off.- Many apps don't show up in the market because this unit is wireless only and doesn't have a "carrier". This is probably more directed to the Android Market but it is highly frustrating that certain applications don't show up for download simply because my Galaxy Tab is Wireless only.- Media Scanner Sucks! If you put any music or pictures on your SD card, be prepared for about a 5 minute wait before you can actually use your Galaxy Tab. Samsung has this service called "Media Scanner" and it can literally take 5 or more minutes to scan your SD card. This means that any applications stored on the SD card will not show up in the apps menu until the scan is finished. Seriously even if you only copy a single picture to the SD card, media scanner runs a complete rescan of the SD card. Since I have about 5gb of music on my SD card this takes forever!- Boot up time is ridiculous.  It takes 45 seconds to reach the home screen. It takes an additional 35 to 40 seconds before you can access the apps screen due to the media scanner. One minute and 20 seconds for a Tablet to boot? My windows 7 laptop boots faster!Final Word:I personally would not have purchased this tablet if I had known what I know now. Unfortunately for me there were not many reviews out there at the time I purchased it. I discovered these shortcomings over a period of about 2 months and now I am stuck with it. If you can live with the limitations I mention above, then maybe this tablet is for you. As for me this will be my last Samsung product. I now own 3 of their products and each one has problems that seem to stem from their strategy of rushing products to market with the intention of "fixing it" later.Caveat Emptor!