The Kindle Fire is great, and it does so much for the price!  However, some naysayers are complaining about issues that can easily be corrected:1.) Security: Go into "Settings" in top right. Turn on "Lock Screen Password." Create a password. Then, hit the "Back" arrow, go into "Display," and select time for "Screen Timeout." Whenever you turn off the device or exceed the timeout, your password has to be entered. For additional security, on the home page, click on the "Web" tab. Then click on the bottom center icon that looks like a page. Select "Settings." Make sure the "Remember passwords" button is not checked. You can also select "Clear passwords" as an option.2.) Power button location: Buy a Kindle case. I use the Marware jurni, which folds behind itself and has a hand sleeve. The Kindle snaps in perfectly, and the plastic tabs that hold in the Kindle have spaces for the speakers at the top. But, I imagine any Kindle case will do. You don't ever have to take the device out of the case, and you'll never hit the "Power" button until you want to.3.) Slow Web Browser: Your Kindle Fire is set by default to enable Flash, accelerate page loading (which actually tends to slow the browser), and give you a desktop view (basically treating your Fire like a desktop computer, which is a lot to handle for a small device). On the home screen, click on the "Web" tab. Then, click on the bottom center icon that looks like a page. Select "Settings." Disable "Enable Plugins" (takes off Flash), disable "Accelerate Page Loading", and change to mobile view under "Desktop or Mobile View," (which will give you mobile versions like you would see on your phone, should they be available). Silk will run faster, and, unlike an iPad, when you want to watch a Flash video, simply turn on "Enable Plugins" with a quick finger swipe.4.) Outgoing E-mail: If you're not using a mainstream e-mail provider such as Google, Yahoo, Hotmail, or AOL, you might have trouble with setting your Outgoing Mail Server, which loops a question about a certificate authenticity. Even though it costs, the Enhanced E-mail app does the trick to solve this problem. Plus, it has great features more like a desktop e-mail would have, such as access to folders and starring items. It also highlights what you haven't read.5.) Touch interface: Yes, there can be some lags, but you can quickly adapt by just holding your finger on the device a bit longer than an iPhone or iPad. It's worth a few bugs to be able to do so much on an inexpensive device. The more you use it, the more you'll unconsciously adjust, and you will think the device has magically improved.Great app: Handrite Pro: write on your Fire with your finger or a stylus, in any size, and it will convert it to a smaller size in your writing on a "piece" of notebook paper. You can also use a keyboard on this app.Would like to see: An alternative keyboard design app to get rid of the period being next to the space bar. Android already has these apps, so it's just a matter of time before we can have a similar app.Check out: On amazon.com, check out "Kindle Deal of the Day."  On your device, don't miss the free books available in the Kindle Owners' Lending Library. If you have Prime, some great new books are free!  Access this directly on your Fire through "Books" and "Store."Keep the faith in the Kindle! A few bugs will likely be ironed out in updates. You won't find such an affordable device that does so much! I love my Kindle!