First of all I must write a brief yet necessary warning to anyone about to click the "buy" button for this particular tablet on this particular amazon page. You may believe that you are buying a Cruz t301 with 4gb internal memory (along with a bundled 4gb external sd card). I am sorry to burst your bubble and perhaps save you some trouble but this tablet, while still being the t301, it is NOT the 4gb internal memory one but the TWO gb internal memory version of the t301 Cruz tablet and it DOES NOT COME bundled with ANY extra sd card(s).Now, onto my review of this, the TWO gigabyte internal flash memory t301 Cruz tablet:The screen is very responsive to my touch, almost TOO responsive. Sometimes I want it to STOP scrolling or it will hit too many keys at once because of the featherlight touch required with the integral keyboard. I have also used the Reader so maybe I was more sensitive to the tablet's touch-screen compared with the hard jabbing one must proceed with when engaging the Cruz Reader's touch-screen. After some clumsy starts I got the "Feel" for the touch-screen and I must say that I really do enjoy it much more than I ever did the Reader's.It comes with the Kindle reading app pre-installed and for those who use Kindle and read the Kindle ebooks this is a great thing. For me I did not care much for it so I uninstalled it right away and installed my old stand-by reading app; (Aldiko) which works wonderfully with this tablet.There are a few apps that are different that the Cruz Reader (r101) and most are pointless fun like "Solitaire" and "Sudoku". Though, I've found the "InkPad" app to be a little bit of fun for practicing creative writing or if you wish to keep a little diary on your tablet.The video player is wonderful to me. One of the main differences between the Cruz Reader (again r101) and the Cruz tablet is the difference in available video file formats for the media player. The Reader will only play versions of mp4 videos whereas the tablet will play mp4, MOV, and, (my favorite!) AVI files! It will play all sorts of different .avi files. Also, the video player has never given me any of those "Sorry, Cannot Play Video" error messages and the audio does NOT cut off at all when inserting headphones, (both problems of the Reader).Battery Life: For my experience; and I know some people's Cruz tablets are different, my battery is amazingly long. Although, when I first opened up my Cruz from the mailbox it didn't look so promising; I pulled out my tablet and found that the battery was completely dead. It wouldn't even hold a charge long enough to turn on.Here is when I made the first negative discovery of MY particular Cruz tablet that my sister, who has the same exact brand although the 4gb instead of the 2gb, does not share: My tablet will NOT charge nor even register at all the presence of a dc-in wall charger. Either the one that it came with or others. It simply will not charge via the dc-port/wall. However, it WILL charge via the mini-usb port either tethered to the main house computer or to a mini-usb wall/car charger. So, thank heavens I already had a dual-mini-usb wall/car charger on hand I had bought at Walmart about a year ago and it works beautifully with it.Allowing my tablet to charge on the usb wall charger for the night in the morning around seven or eight I will remove it from the charger and proceed to use the tablet off and on all day going on until after midnight or so and more often than not I will still have half a good charge left on the device nearing two or three a.m. after being off the charger all day.Though, I must explain about one small little quirk of my tablet that I don't know if anyone else has the same issue. It's not really that much of a hassle, just a curiosity, really: In the morning when I go to unplug it from the usb wall charger the green led light will be aglow and the battery life indicator will show it refusing to charge but it will show it to be only charged up around half-way. The green bar will be half-covered. BUT, when, and this happens every time, I reboot the device and once it comes back to life the led light will, of course stay green, but then the battery indicator on the screen will now show a completely FULL battery for the beginning of the day and start the slow discharge towards whenever I return it to the charger.All in all: This device is good for ebooks and video, (avi!), pictures and simple tasks; writing, calculating your bills, etc, playing cards, or whatever other apps you want to install.The wifi is good provided you can find a good hotspot or someone nearby lets you use theirs. I got a fun little free Police Scanner app that uses the internet to work that scans police and fire trucks radios from all over the US and England and some of Scotland. That's fun to listen to. Oh, be sure to head over to the Cruz main website and upgrade your firmware to 2.2 right off the bat!Remember: This tablet is the 2gb t301 version that does not come with any sd cards so you might want to do yourself a favor and order an external standard-size 4gb/16gb or 32gb sd card to go along with your new tablet.In parting: It is a good tablet for those who have a lot of patience, tender-loving-care and who aren't afraid of getting their hands metaphorically dirty with figuring out all the ins and outs of the technical mumbo-jumbo of really making the device YOUR OWN.Enjoy!