This tablet is fine for basic users. Email, web, news, kindle.If that's all you want and you desire this size of tablet, this is a good option. Just know that this is basically it, and it probably won't be updated.This feels like a rushed out version so that Samsung could compete with the ipad 2. Specs aren't top of the line (obviously to make it cheaper $$).But, it still works.--- The Good ---- Size (if you don't want a 10")- Battery Life: No complaints, easily goes a day with solid use- Screen: beautiful and nice- Touch Response: seems good to me- SD Card- Swype--- The OK ---- Android 2.2: Not made for tablets, but is usable here (for basic users).- Android Software: If you are an apple (pad, phone, etc) user, this is a step back. I'm an iphone guy and this takes a while to get use to. Part of it is Android, part of it is Samsung and the tablet. I think you need to be a bit more techie to use Android.- Browser: basic, not great.- Text selection: sometimes it works....other times it doesn't. Doesn't work at all in the native email app.- Weight: It's not much lighter than an ipad.- Apps not full screen: a lot of apps are made for the phones, not the tablets which use the same software- Cameras: not great...probably close to bad actually.- Screen rotation: not immediate, but not awful- Overall speed: not terrible in response time, but really not great. Not snappy for sure. And unless they get a better OS (2.3 or 3.0) this isn't going to get better.--- The Bad ---- Specs: CPU, GPU, OS not top of the line. In that sense, it's outdated already.- Lack of support from Samsung- Most likely future lack of support from Samsung. With their new tablets coming out, this will likely not be supported much. Will it ever get Android 2.3 or 3.0 (Honeycomb)? This is a huge, question. And honestly, if this is a big deal for you, skip this tablet. It won't likely happen. Just my guess though. (again, people can put things on their tablets, it just violates the warranty)- Lower specs than the 3g version. They don't mention that, but the GPU is older and slower than the 3G version. But Samsung doesn't really tell you that.- Native email app: No cut and paste (seriously). Email app is clunky and many 3rd party ones aren't much better. The Gmail app is ok, not great.- Installed Apps can't be deleted. The WSJ app is installed, which you need a subscription to use. But you can't delete it. And it can access the internet and system logs whenever it wants to. How ethical is that? What is it doing? Who knows, but I don't like that. I find that a big issue for me.- Start up logo and sound: Annoying and no way to shut it off (without Rooting)- Apps that don't work for this tablet: others talk about this in better detail, but they restrict apps for this particular tablet- No Netflix (an Android thing). Boo.I you want a 7" tablet, are going to use it for very basic things and are ok with the "As-Is", this is a good option. If you want this to root it, play around and possibly improve on it, it's good. And the "developer community" likes to make things available. So...there's that.I'm on the fence about this tablet. Not sure if I'll return it.7" is definitely what I want in a tablet. I'm getting used to Android and really like certain things about it. Love Swype.Best advice: If you can wait, wait. It's workable and not bad, but not great.