Pros:-CHEAP!-Dual core power!-Snappy, speedy interface!-Netflix, Amazon Prime, Skifta (DLNA) streaming, NO PROBLEM!-Wireless reception good-Bluetooth connection pretty good-Currently lowest price tablet this size with access to Android app store-Nice look, solid build quality-MicroSD expansion slot-Good audio quality from stereo speakersCons:-Bluetooth stack a little quirky, but stable once connected-HDMI out requires purchase of an attachment-Internal storage 8gb - not a real constraint for me. lots of apps installed.-No USB-Battery life good, but average-not as many accessories made for it, Touchpad and iPad 1 cases fit. Bluetooth devices work-not as thin as iPad 3 or Asus Transformer prime, but still quite mobile and doesn't tire arms-not quad core, but more than adequateBegan researching tablets when the Kindle came out and set the new low for price points. Decided I preferred the 10inch form factor.  Wasn't really sure where a tablet fit in my gadget lifestyle, but felt like there was a need for something more mobile and travel friendly. Didn't want to spend a lot because I know I will want a lightweight laptop for more intense tasks.Evaluated and dismissed Xoom and Galaxy.  Really, really like the Asus 300t and the Prime. Just didn't want to invest that much.  Started searching the sub 300 price point and the Le Pan came up with solid reviews on Amazon.  Originally had the 970 briefly but returned because the single core just couldn't handle the streaming media job that was one of my key uses.The Le Pan II fits the bill perfectly for me.  It's very affordable, especially given the power it has.  The dual core on this device makes it quite snappy. The touch screen is extremely responsive. It has been my constant companion for days.  It is very very usable for note taking with Evernote and a Logitech Bluetooth KB, it does Amazon Prime and Netflix without any jerkiness or blocky video.  Basically, it has more than enough processing power to meet my needs. Wireless performs as well as any laptop or iPad in my house.  The speed of the GUI is as fast or faster than the iPad 1. I don't have an iPad 2 or 3 to compare to.The device is HoneyComb out of the box. Rumors of ICS abound and Le Pan has promised the update, but it hasn't surfaced as yet. Not a deal breaker for me, as the Honeycomb interface is quite usable and tablet oriented apps are emerging, so it's not just big goofy phone resolution.One thing I would like to see fixed on it with ICS is the Bluetooth stack.  It could be just the Logitech KB I am using, but I have a connection issue.  Basically, I have to completely reboot the tablet to get it to connect.  When the device times out to save power or I turn the screen off, I can re-connect, but it won't stay connected. I don't have to re-pair, but I have to reboot.  It seems as though the KB is waiting for a response that the tablet only gives the first time they connect after a reboot.  Could be the KB too for that matter. At any rate, works just fine as long as I reboot.  As long as I keep using it periodically, as I do when I take notes at work throughout the day.  It works fine.Battery power is good, not great.  It will last around 8-9 hours using Bluetooth and wireless, but just barely.  It's a good idea to keep your very lightweight Le Pan plug handy.  Yes, it's a 30 pin proprietary job, but it works fine and they do have an HDMI out attachment you can buy.  I don't have much interest in that though.Note about the 9.7 inch form factor.  I have liked the 9.7 size since the iPad. It feels a touch more comfortable to me than the 10.1.  Be advised that widescreen video tends to look better on the 10.1 or even on an iPad since video is often formatted to that device.  That said, I have NO issue watching movies on my Le Pan.  I don't mind letterbox look, MX Player let's me play with how much I fill the screen. Most streaming video uses the screen real estate well, and finally I can format any mobile video to fit the screen perfectly as I see fit. Generally I just format for iPad using Handbrake and it looks great.I use a Logitech Bluetooth KB for Android devices with this tablet. I use the Blurex Leather Folio case made for the Le Pan I and II. I like both.Bottom Line:  Very powerful tablet for a very low price. While I haven't had it long, I think the build quality is excellent and will hold up. If things break down, I will definitely update my review.  I have recommended to several friends. I love this tablet!