I purchased this tablet from Eritech International Inc., who was very responsive to a couple of questions I had. The tablet is great. It has the Nvidia Tegra 4-core processor with a 5th core for battery-saving low-power operation (probably during standby mode).It has the same processor speed as the Samsung Galaxy tab 10 but double the number of cores (actually 2.5 x). The 32 GB or internal data storage means that I probably won't run out of room on the internal SD card like I did with the 8 GB internal storage on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7.0.This has all the outputs that I'll likely need, including a mini-HDMI output. Yes, you can hook this up to a TV through it's HDMI port connection.I purchased a factory refurbished model and saved about $130 over a new one and it arrived in like-new condition. I can't tell that it had ever been used before. The nice thing about a refurbished product is that whatever went wrong has been fixed and the unit is more thoroughly tested than on a regular assembly line during initial production. Sometimes a refurbished product will have better components to address a weakness in the original design. Whatever the case was with this Excite model, it works fine now and has not given me an ounce of trouble.At this time, I don't think you can beat the value of this model in  refurbished condition. Eritech International Inc. actually opens the factory sealed box and re-tests these units once more before sending them to their customers, an added bonus to me since i had purchased a used one of these through Amazon Warehouse Deals and got a bad one (remember, it wasn't refurbished, just used). I returned it for a refund and ordered this one right away.The only downside (and it's a minor one that's not a showstopper) is that the docking/charging cradle is hard to find and those that you can find are not cheap. While there are plenty of those for the previous model, the Toshiba Thrive (which we also have and love), and at a very low price ($10 to $15 with the power supply and dock and sometimes with other accessories also), this is not the case for the Excite. My guess is that Toshiba overestimated the demand for these when they made the Thrive and that's why there are so many available on the deal-a-day web sites and the big online auction site. Then, they decides to make very few for the Excite so as to not waste money producing something that there was little market demand for.While I do have a couple of docking cradles for the Thrive we have, we haven't used either of them, so it's not an important item to me. However, if they suddenly showed up on those sites at a low price I would probably buy one or two.In my opinion, I would recommend this tablet to anyone looking for an Android tablet. It comes with Android 4.0 (or will update to it for free if it comes with the previous version) and is fairly fast at doing what it needs to do for you. If you see Eritech International Inc. selling one here, grab it. They don't sell these here continuously, so if it's here, it likely won't be tomorrow. If another vendor sells a refurbished Thrive, just check the vendor reviews before you decide. With a refurbished model, you get a 90 day warranty through Toshiba and likely have a 30 day return option through Amazon or the vendor.