I've had an iPad for a couple of years so I held off getting Blackberry Playbook as I couldn't see the point in having two tablets. When the price of the Playbook dropped just before Christmas I decided to treat myself and boy, am I glad I did.I loved it so much I decided the 16GB version just wasn't big enough for me and so I went back out the other weekend and treat myself to the 64gb model, so now I have two Playbooks.So, what is so good about the Playbook and why do I prefer it to the iPad.1. It is just so much nicer to use. By comparison the iPad is clunky and bland. Once you get used to the various screen swipes (there are quite a few) you can just breeze from open application to open application, bring up the keyboard, close an app, open an another app. It is all so amazingly easy and so much more enjoyable than than constantly having to press the button at the bottom of the iPad screen numerous times just to do the most basic thing such as swapping from one app to another. On the Playbook what takes several button presses to do on the iPad takes ONE swipe. Brilliant!2. I far prefer the size of the Playbook. The iPad was too big and bulky for me to lug around. I can just pop the playbook in my pocket and hit the coffee shop. It is like like reading a paperback rather than a heavy hardback book.3. he installed apps are pretty much everything I need and more. Unlike the iPad the Playbook comes with a superb word processor, spreadsheet, etc. Yes, there aren't a million apps to download, but do you know what. I've not touched my iPad in weeks and I've not missed one single app on it - not one!4. It is so much easier to add content onto the Playbook. Just plug it in with a USB cable and copy the files from your computer straight onto the device. No need to mess around with iTunes. Just drag the files over, put them wherever you like and the Playbook will do the rest. I add about one hundred albums and dozens of movies and it took me minutes. The same thing with iTunes would have involved selecting all sorts of things, syncing, resyncing, installing the latest update, and blah blah. None of that with the Playbook, which means I'm free of the nasty iTunes.5. You can connect the Playbook to your TV with an HDMI cable that costs a few bucks. Unlike the iPad which requires a special $40 lead that works some of the time, but not all of the time (check out the reviews of it on Amazon and you will see what I mean).6. The screen display is amazing. Just put it next to an iPad 2 and you can see instantly how much better it is. The colors are vibrant, the text is crystal clear, and it is just so darned fast and smooth. Check out the sample HD video that comes with it.That is just six reasons. There are many more.I honestly can't see me ever wanting to go back to the iPad, but I can see me putting the iPad on eBay in the not too distant future.