this is my first tablet. i have never owned an ipad or any android-device. one thing i was always worried about the ipad was the restrictions imposed on users by apple, the absence of flash support, the fact that you have to trash your ipad once your batteries are not charging anymore, limited peripheral connectivity and the inflexibility when it comes to data plans. many of these limitations are true to all other android phones / tablets as well.the thrive & android solved all these issues for me (see other reviews), hence i felt the time has come to get my own tablet. the main motivation was to use it as a reading device, but i am also geek enough to enjoy rummaging through the apps-marketplace and look for cool, affordable/free software. as far as reading on my thrive is concerned, no complaints here. screen size/resolution/brightness is more than sufficient for my needs, and using a good pdf reader / annotator for a few $ makes reading and commenting scientific papers a very comfortable experience for me. also, there is almost no restrictions on movie formats you can watch on the android (after searching for a while, i found the free 'VitalPlayer' which seems to play almost anything - btw i am not affiliated with the makers of VitalPlayer). free ftp client- and file navigation apps to browse your own tablet's files, and interact with ftp servers as well as my windows-lan makes navigating my own filesystem as well as networking a straightforward experience. so far so good (anyway this was more a praise to android than the thrive).there is one major flaw in the thrive: the 'SOD', which could be a serious deal breaker (just google 'Thrive not waking from Stand By - requires reboot'). i would definitely wait until toshiba has successfully solved this issue and published an update, before buying a thrive. my thrive suffers the 'SOD' as well, but i am too hooked to my new toy to give it back... although it got annoying (my quickfix was to use the free AdvancedWifiLock app - it really prevents the 'SOD', but i think it keeps your wifi antenna on permanently - so your thrive probably never goes into 'deep' sleep - making standby quite battery consuming).other cons: flimsy cover plates covering the usb-port and card reader (i fear they will break if you use them too often); preinstalled software that cannot be removed (including kaspersky's new android-tablet-antivirus solution; it comes as a 30 day trial, but you cannot remove it - at least not during the trial period - lets wait. anyway, you can at least disable realtime-protection during the trial period); however, i think all this preinstalled 3rd party software made my thrive so affordable, so maybe i shouldnt complain too much...would i buy it again?right now: DEFINITELY NOafter toshiba solves the SOD: DEFINITELY YESUPDATE: Toshiba just came out with an update that solved the SOD. So - there's no excuse anymore for getting any other tablet than the Thrive. Just updated my rating from 3 to 5*