The news is full of gibberish comparing the Kindle Fire to the Apple iPad.  Why?  These products are not designed to compete other than the fact that they are both essentially tablets.  Amazon and Apple are targeting two different markets, and I believe that was Amazon's intent from the beginning.  Every time a new tablet device is introduced it seems like the world has to compare it to the iPad whether it's designed as a competitive product or not, and that doesn't make sense.  I own and use an iPad2 daily for business and personal purposes; the iPad has replaced the notebook computer I used to lug about in meetings, when traveling, etc.  It's an excellent tool that I keep at hand all the time.  It will perform most all of the same functions as the Kindle Fire as well as the functions I need for business purposes.I purchased the Fire as a media device for use at home:  my household uses it daily to read books, to listen to music, to watch video and to play games.  It replaced an iPod Touch, actually.  It's a very convenient way to browse the web, check email and so on.  We use the internet heavily, and the Fire is an excellent portable household portal for our needs.  The Fire compliments the iPad in my home by making these services available on an additional device, or becomes the primary portable device when I'm away from home with my iPad.If I was pressed to find fault with the device, I would have to say that the power button on the bottom of the tablet is sometimes a bit difficult to find.  Since ours is in a leather case, we don't have any issue with inadvertently turning it off like some have reported. I would also like a some more flexibility in organizing the apps/books/media on the main screen.  For the initial release of a brand new product, I'd say it's pretty rock-solid compared to the other technologies I've reviewed in the past.  I understand an update will be coming out within the next 2 weeks, and though I don't know what that will contain just yet, it does speak to Amazon's commitment to the product.Some have complained about the ease with which apps and books are purchased using Amazon's store, making it possible for children to make unsupervised purchases.  Personally, I have no problems with this and appreciate it... this device is a physical extension of Amazon's massive media marketplace and users know that before they purchase the Fire.  Entering a complex password each time I make a purchase can be difficult, particularly when you're in a hurry or on the move.  Only adults use the device in my household, and if children do get access, they do so only when they are supervised.  Would I buy the Fire for a child to use?  No, or not likely. In my opinion this is not a child's toy and parents who purchase them for their children should understand these and accept these risks up front.  If Amazon were to implement a series of parental controls and other "child safety" features in order to appease this minority I would hope they would do so with a master control to either enable or disable the feature, as it seems unjust to punish the majority for the errors in judgement of the minority.I would definitely recommend the Fire as an excellent alternative to other Reader devices.  This device has a wealth of features that make it a wonderful personal media device.  The strength of Amazon and the wealth of media they offer makes the device makes it a winner.  Buyers who are looking at this device as a desktop/notebook replacement should rethink their strategy and look at other devices that are more appropriate.  We're happy with our purchase decision and we look forward to the ongoing innovation Amazon continues to offer.