So, my feelings about the tablet have not changed, I still think it is a great device, but the support destroys it.  The spring in the latch for the keyboard dock lost some strength so it no longer pushes the latch fully upright making it not lock in place.  I contacted support and got a response in 1 day, but their response is that I have to send in both the keyboard dock and the tablet to get the dock repaired - if they don't choose to blame me for it.  Further, I may have to pay shipping one way (with the device under warranty), and typical repair times are 7 to 10 days plus shipping times.  That would leave me without my tablet for up to 3 weeks.  They also require that you provide them the administrator password to access Windows.  I have some sensitive work data on the tablet and I don't want to have to wipe the drive before sending it to them and then putting everything back on when I get it back.  I'd be fine with wiping and reloading if the tablet was having the issue, but not the keyboard.  And before anyone thinks I shouldn't have sensitive data on the tablet because I could lose the tablet, I am using bitlocker on the drive plus another layer of encryption on the files themselves.I am hoping to get them to take just the keyboard dock for repair, but if they will not back off of their position of needing both I will just not send it in for now because I don't want to be without the tablet that is working perfectly fine for 3 weeks.  If support changes their position I will report that back.Original review:The W500 is a great tablet, as long as you keep in mind that it is a tablet, not a desktop or desktop-replacement style laptop.  I wiped mine and re-installed to a clean Windows 7 Ultimate install (I always wipe computers that come pre-loaded) and I have loaded Office 2010, Project 2010, and Visio 2010.  In addition I have installed many troubleshooting tools such as Fiddler, SQL Server Management Studio (not the server itself).  Then some communication stuff such as Skype and CUPC.  All of it performs great.Just to see how much I could push it, I installed World of Warcraft to the SD card and tried playing it.  Not perfectly smooth and a touchscreen is impossible to use to control the game, but with the keyboard/touch-stick attached I was able to play it quite acceptably and it would be fine if I had 30 minutes I wanted to kill in an airport.The default onscreen keyboard size leaves the buttons too small for my fat fingers to hit, but I increased the size of the keyboard to go almost edge to edge across the long side and it is quite easy for me to hit the right keys at a pretty fast pace.  I have no problem hitting the minimize/maximize/close buttons, or using the start menus.