This is my first tablet and overall i liked the tablet. Nice design and good quality (even though it is plastic) specially the back cover.I bought this tablet for my wife since she was looking for an e-reader to replace her sony Reader. Unfortunately, my wife did not like it because of the touch screen (is NOT multi touch), a little bit heavy, and it hangs when the tablet goes to sleep mode. My wife rated the product 3 out of 5.  We speak arabic language, the system does not support arabic language as well as Hebrew.Let me review it based on my perspective. This tablet is almost a complete Linux machine. It comes with Android Operating system version 2.2 (linux kernel 2.6).  Unfortunately, the hardware specification is more higher than the capability of the Android 2.2 (except touch screen). Android 2.2 DOES NOT support dual core processor as I read from Android website. I am pretty sure that Android OS is using one core instead of the two cores.  Moreover, Android 2.2 OS is designed for Mobile systems. As such, many games or programs are not optimized for big screen like 7 inch. All these issues have been addressed for the next Android: Gingerbread version 2.3 including the support of many international languages such as Arabic and Hebrew. (I don't beleive the engineering team in the company turnned on the SMP which is already supported in Linux 2.6.)Even with this limitation, the tablet is surprisingly fast. Watching movies is more fun with this tablet. I can move from one scene to another scene within a movie without any tiny delay (more fun than my own laptop). I watched HD movie perfectly in this little daemon.Amazingly, this tablet has no limitation as specified by the company. I can plug my USB keyboard. I can use my external hard disk (it will only recognize ONE partition which must be FAT32). If you are familiar with Linux, you can plug any hard disk (of ANY SIZE) in this tablet using ext2 or ext3 filesystems. I am not sure why the company limited to 64GB USB. C'mon..this is Linux 2.6. It should be able to recognize any kind of filesystems including NTFS or external DVD.I do believe there is another bug in the software (by the engineering team) that it cannot support USB with exFAT (64GB). I don't have USB with 64GB, but i partitioned my hard disk with exFAT filesystem (I assumed that USB with 64GB has exFat FS). The tablet DESTROYED this partition. SO BECAREFUL, IF YOU HAVE 64GB USB, IT MAY CORRUPT YOUR USB.(Initially and for some unkown reason, my 4GB USB drive did not work (recognize). I checked the setting in the tablet and realized that the USB already mounted, but the file manager did not display any file. If this happen to you, unmount the USB from the tablet and then reconnect. It will work!!!).Be aware, attaching Hard disk will drain the battery dramatically. So, use it when the tablet is connected to the charger.The only limitations of this tablet with respect to me are built-in SD card and built-in camera. The camera is terrible. I have 1.3MP web cam which is much more better than eLocity 1.3MP camera.  The 4GB that comes with the tablet is only 1.6GB in my tablet. It means the engineering team partitioned the SD CARD and only 1.6GB can be used by us. If you have the tablet, then look at the setting under "SD and external storage".I am not a game player. But i like to watch movies, surfing web and reading books. If this is your target, then this tablet is perfect. If you like to play games in 7" or more, then this tablet is NOT for you.Overall, the design and hardware of this tablet are excellent (super mini notebook) but it really ruined by the lack of appropriate software to utilize the underlying hardware. For multi-touch, it is not a big issue as long as the touch screen is very responsive.The remaining text is related to my experience with customer support. I ordered my tablet from Amazon.com and I could not find the Value Pack as mentioned by the representative who post a review here or as in [...]. I sent my info to the customer support 4 days ago. They did not reply to me yet!!!Hope that my review complements the other reviews in this site.