Acer Iconia-6120 14-Inch Dual-Screen TouchbookAfter I test this product this is my point of view:Good:Innovate design with two screen, i5 CPU, great quality display. Its a little bit bulky but I can survive, (6.x pounds). When you work with this computer you can feel the weight like a Macbook Pro 17", or like a Dell Inspiron 15". The top display have a very good quality and its touch screen have fast response. The bottom screen doesn't have the same quality screen like the other one. Have 10 point multitouch screen, yes you can use your 10 fingers. The typing speed is very good, sometimes you can make errors because you don't feel the keyboard like a regular notebook but is ok. The bottom screen have a little distortion in the images and its not good for reading.To replace the hard disk and the ram is very easy.The virtual keyboard have a lot of setting and you can change the skins.Good aluminum top a bottom case materials.Bad:Its a i5, I feel a little lag in the OS. The OS is full of bloatware I think that is the reason of the lag of the Windows 7. Sometimes its a very slowly running basics apps like installing or opening a Antivirus. I replace the Hard disk with a SSD and I change the memory to 8GB DDR 1333 that was good for the speed. No bluetooth, you can use and external mini usb bluetooth card, but is not a good think for the design.The borders of the housing have cheap plastic. If you clean the computer with a microfiber cloth you can easily scratch the notebook. Have the same black glossy plastic like the first Acer netbooks, easy to scratch it.The software controls using the virtual keyboard and the acer ring are very good, but needs to have upgrades. (Acer need to work more with facebook app sometimes are very basic and the pictures have distortion).Battery charge 2 hours, if you see videos in youtube or Hulu (1.5 Hours Aprox). Two AC/DC adapters??? Why??? You need to use two AC/DC power adapter to charge it (The basic one and filter for the screens).In basic words:A revolutionary notebook that needs some little changes to be perfect. First I was disappointed with the lower graphics in the bottom screen. Two screens are great but need to have the same quality. The Intel i5 cpu is not the last one in the market, I think replacing the Intel i5 for the new Intel CPU Sandy Bridge can help the battery and the overheating.The 2 hours battery need to be fix it, you can't travel with this computer in a airplane or use it in a Starbucks.If you buy this computer its very important to re-install a fresh OS with out bloatware, that help you in the speed. Good for people that works with Photoshop or are Software Developers. Great for geeks, you can feel like a Star Trek movies. Intel HD graphics are good for videos this laptops is not for game. Overheating after 1 hour of use.Its not compatible with Ubuntu Linux or Mint Linux, the computer scratch after the boot installation.I recommend this product only for PC Technician or Graphic Artist. (GEEKS LIKE ME)Its a good computer not perfect but good.