The cons are more substantial than the pros with the Thrive tab. So I will go over the negatives first.Cons:1) Heavy and bulky. If you're expecting to use this tablet with one hand, go for the Ipad or Galaxy Tab instead. I often tab while laying down on a bed before sleep, and have found the Thrive not the most comfortable to use. Holding the tab with one hand seems risky enough. Because 1) you have to grip it hard, but that'll smudge everything up, and 2) the risk of dropping the Thrive seems too great. The tablet is heavier, which means, the bigger they are, the harder they fall, which means it's not as fun toting the tablet around. Portability is compromised.2) Speaker quality. In my testing, the sound was not very loud, it's tinny. And in fact my unit was defective because of the left speaker which eventually stopped working altogether. Was the low sound quality the result of the fact that my Thrive was only working with one full speaker, vs two? Maybe, but I don't think this aspect of the Thrive improves much with both speakers restored. (I am currently awaiting a replacement, but that's a different story. -I purchased my tab from elsewhere.)3) Speakers location. The speakers are on the "bottom" of the tablet, in landscape mode. Sure you can flip the thing over so that they face on the top, although one will run into problems when opening apps that use landscape natively and you find yourself having to flip the tab back over. The reason the locations make for bad design is that often the tab will be resting on something - your lap or your desk, where the speakers will be covered and therefore muffled. The sound on the Thrive is already relatively poor - it doesn't help to have the speakers covered as well. This is either a major flaw or a small annoyance depending on how you see it. (And because the tab is cumbersome, you'll NEED to rest it on your lap -- or risk dropping it!)4) Camera location. They are on the left side. On an Android tablet, the left hand does a lot of work. This means you'll be getting a lot of greasy smudges on the lens, both the front and back. And, again, sure you can use the tablet in portrait mode, or flip it over again in landscape and have the camera lens on the right side, but, again, this creates a different annoyance, eg, in portrait both speakers are now on one side only.5) Camera quality. The Thrive has a 2mb front and 5mb rear-facing camera. Seems good but videos taken with Thrive camera are adequate but just don't seem all that great. Don't expect to turn on the camera and be looking into a mirror.6) USB ports. - What? Isn't this the pro, nay, THE SELLING POINT, of the Thrive? Yes. But I list it as a con because a regular user such as myself with ordinary external harddrives, who doesn't use thumbdrives, will not be able to connect the Thrive to those harddrives. The Thrive does not recognize harddrives not formatted in exFat32. And it takes a long time for the Thrive to scan those drives that are in that format. So, the Thrive, championed for its connectivity, especially in comparison to the Ipad and Galaxy Tab, has ports that are pretty much useless. This is a major FAIL and can't be overstated. Until Toshiba releases updates that corrects this, this con is, IMO, the biggest one. It's a "con" in more than one sense.Pros:1) Fast charge time. From 5% to 99% charge, the Thrive takes a little more than an hour.However, its battery life was not more than 6 hours, that is with regular usage (in my hands at least - Youtube browsing, web browsing, app downloading, live wallpaper).Other reviewers claim 10+ hours. I have to wonder what they are doing with their tablets, if anything.Otherwise, the fast charge time kind of makes up for it.2) SD card slot. If you buy only the 16 gb version, you'll be fine because of that slot.3) User-replaceable battery. This is huge. All rechargeable batteries die. Some sooner than others. A replaceable battery is a huge selling and re-selling point. It gives the Thrive longevity.4) The Toshiba File Manager is an app in the Thrive that enables the user to browse files in memory very much like one would a PC. From what I understand, this is not easy to do in other Android tablets.5) User-replaceable back plate. There are 5 different, attractive colors. The feel of these back plates give substance to the Thrive. And because it's replaceable, it's disposable if it's ever worn in anyway.6) Ease of use. The Thrive operates smooth enough. Though I do find its battery life lacking, I am able to do what I normally do on a computer - execute programs, web browse, watch videos, play games listen to music -- with little if any lag.7) Looks better than most other Android tablets. This is subjective to me. But I just like its styling better than, say, the Asus Transformer, or, say, the Blackberry Playbook. But then again, the Thrive's styling is kind of related to many of the cons and annoyances I've noted with it.Overall, the Thrive is a capable tablet with a good enough speed and good enough screen- a screen better than my laptop and HDtv, in fact. But look elsewhere if you need a tab with adequate stereo sound and look elsewhere if you're looking for a light tablet you can use with one hand and don't have to worry about dropping or smashing into a wall.