I recently received my Dell Streak 7 tablet and have had several days to play with it. I have really enjoyed this little guy. First of all the size is perfect if you are looking for a tab that you can take with you but the 7" (diaginal)screen is large enough to make games,webpages,and things easy to see compared to my cell phone even though my phone has the largest screen out there right now the Dell tab is much better as far as size. If you are reading a lot of reviews you will see that short battery life is a major complaint with this tablet. Well I went to the android market (on my tablet of course) and found a couple of battery managing apps that are designed to extend the life of your android devices battery which I have used on all my android smart phones as well and I would have to say they are helping considerably and believe me I am no computer wizz or anything like that just takes a little common sense. I used my Dell Streak tablet last night for about three and a half to four hours straight playing games and I went to bed and left my tablet on, when I woke up this morning I looked to see how much battery I had left thinking it had probably "died" during the night but much to my suprise it had maintained and had 16% battery life left and had been on at for 14 hours and 45 minutes at that point so I would say not to shabby. In case you are wondering which app I got from the Android market it was (2x Battery) and it seems to have made a huge difference in the battery life if I still have battery left after 14 hours. Well to get to some other points concerning the Dell Streak tablet, the tablet runs smooth and fast and I have had no problem finding wifi and getting connected,the screen is very responsive to the touch and the tablet feels good in your hands,the weight of it is very manageable,as I mentioned before I have been playing driving games on it and use the tablet to steer (like a steering wheel)and so im holding the tablet up in the air in front of me and I have not once thought about the weight of the tablet at all. The graphics are very acceptable to me although if you want to spend more money you would probably notice some difference in clairity with a more expensive tablet but I am very satisfied with the picture for what I paid,and I am picky about everything,just ask my friends, okay well never mind about the friend thing but seriously all in all I am very happy with my purchase this is a well built devise in my openion and I plan to enjoy it for a long time to come. I hope this review has been helpfull and good luck in your search for a new tablet.