The Kindle Fire is an interesting little toy, but as it stands, it's about half as useful as my phone, even if my phone couldn't make calls. As a portal into content sold by Amazon, it's absolutely excellent. As an Android device, I'm rapidly coming to the conclusion that my G1, the very first Android device, was better.Something that was praised in an early review of the Kindle Fire was that, unlike other Android tablets, it told you what it was for. There was no staring blankly at a desktop, trying to determine for yourself what exactly you wanted the tablet for--something that's been a problem for other Android devices. Instead, you've got a friendly menu at boot: Newsstand, Books, Music, Video, Docs, Apps, Web. There's a carousel of recently used things below that, and a row of favorite apps at the bottom. So, what's it for? News, books, music, videos, docs, apps, and the web, of course! With Amazon ensuring you always have options for the first four of these, it's easy to see what you bought that Kindle Fire for.Unless, of course, that's not what you bought that Kindle Fire for. If your notion was that you'd get a nice, cheap Android tablet for general use, you're going to have some problems. In ensuring that they could provide content to users with zero fuss, Amazon locked much of what Android users think of as "Android" out of the Kindle Fire. Android phones, during setup, integrate tightly with your Google account, and a wealth of Google oriented applications are all ready to go with your phone when you turn it on. That's not so with the Fire, and it's not just a matter of extra setup--the thing is locked down. This means no Youtube app, Google+ app, no Google Maps app, no official Gmail (Fire's mail client can read Gmail, but it's not very impressive), no ANYTHING that Google brought to the table for Android, unless you muddle through the web interface, which is really irritating when there's a perfectly good Android app for that.If you don't like their browser (Silk), you can't use a different one. This has already presented a problem for me in the way of trying to use JManga, a portal for manga that's run by Japanese manga publishers directly. This isn't an "oh, it doesn't work on mobile," thing: it doesn't work on Silk. Dolphin, one of the best browsers for Android, handled it fine, but isn't available for the Fire, because Amazon said so. Dolphin is in the Amazon Appstore, and they're perfectly happy to let you have it--but only for your Android phones. It's explicitly blocked from the Fire (and so is every other web browser). You can't go to the official Android Market website to get it either. Try, and Silk will kick you back to Amazon's Appstore.Using Silk to watch videos from sources like YouTube has proven a bit spotty, but doable. When running in the desktop style, framerate problems abounded. Switching to the mobile web based version of YouTube fixed that, but it's awfully stripped down. Again, if Amazon weren't so determined to lock customers out of apps provided by anyone but themselves, this would be a non-issue, as I could just use the YouTube app and have it work fine.So far, I HAVE found an option in the Fire's OS settings to allow installation of third party applications (which is how the Amazon Appstore works on "normal" Android devices), but I have yet to find a way of doing so, now that I'm allowed.This is not what it could, or should have been, and the fault lies entirely with Amazon taking a page from Apple's playbook, and trying to maintain an iron fist on the device.