I own the Kindle 3G with Keyboard and my husband has the Kindle Touch.  I struggled with buying the Kindle Fire since it first came out.  I have been reading reviews, weighing the pros and cons, and trying to tell myself to just be happy with what I have and not get it.  I'm an impulse buyer so for me to wait 3 months and finally purchase it... that is a REALLY big deal for me.I give 5 stars for my Kindle Fire.  I love so many things about it.  First of all, I'm already a Android user.  I've had a droid phone for 2 1/2 years now, so I'm already familiar with a lot of the apps and the settings.  So far, I have watched a movie, played with (and used) some apps, read some books, listened to music (my MP3 Amazon music and Pandora), surfed the Web, been to Facebook, used the email feature, viewed my Google Documents, and sent some new documents to my device using the "Send To Kindle PC Installer through Amazon."Things I really like... in no particular order:1.  Seeing the cover of my books2.  The ease of adding, removing, and rearranging items on my Favorites3.  Being able to remove items from my Carousel... but it doesn't remove them from my device4.  How quick books are downloaded5.  The ease of surfing the Web6.  How fast my device works in normal applications7.  The ease of watching a movie8.  The sound of the device with my headphones9.  The size of the keyboard10.  The fact that the screen changes in all 4 directions by just turning it... so I can hold it anyway I want to.  I just move it and tap the device at the top and it switches position quickly11.  The background choices.  (it took me a while to find this... it's under the "Font" section).  I use the black at night, sepia in the am, and white in the light of day... I use all 3 and like them all12.  How easy it is to change the brightness, volume, and turning on and off the wi-fi13.  That I can download my already purchased music and movies to listen and or watch on my device14.  If I run out of space, I have all my books, music and videos stored on Amazon's Cloud to watch from my device (wi-fi) enabled15.  How easy it is to zoom in and out16.  That I haven't had any trouble on the Web.  I've gone anywhere I've wanted to and been able to anything I want to.17.  That I can read Adobe EPUB eBooks borrowed, from my local library, (they have a bigger selection than Kindle books at this point).  I can download them onto my Kindle Fire so I no longer have to read them on my computer only18.  That I can listen to my Pandora while reading a book19.  How easy the bookmark feature is to use.  Most importantly... it's way easier to Delete a bookmark from a book on the KF than any of the other Kindles I've used20.  How easy it use to change pages21.  That some books allow you to click on the Chapter at the top to switch between chapters22.  That there is a tag on the covers of the book to give you a percentage of how much you've read23.  That the device is backlit so I don't have to clip on my book light when I read at night24.  The Glare hasn't really bothered me like some people have complained... I just adjust the tilt of the device and the brightness to suit me.  I'm able to read outside just fine25.  That there is a black border around the edge so I can place my fingers on the edges while holding it on all 4 sides without worry oftouching the pages26.  How easy it is to sync books between devices27.  That I have easy access to my documents28.  That I purchased the 2 year warranty for pretty cheap... so I have the peace of mind that it's covered if anything happens to itI've read a lot of reviews where people complained that they didn't really enjoy using it to read books.  So, I thought I'd buy it and use it for everything else and my Kindle Keyboard for reading.  But, now that I have it, I actually like reading books on it better than my other device... which really surprised me.  I plan to carry my KK with me when I'm out and about, and using my KF while at home.  Although, when I go on vacation, I plan to take both!The only strange thing is that all my other chargers won't charge my Kindle Fire.  My USB will connect to my computer, but it doesn't charge.  The only charger that charges in the one that came in the box.  So, I'll have to take good care of that one, and make sure I take it with me when I'm on vacation.  This is by no means a big deal.Overall, I am super pleased with the device and the price.  It is well worth the money, and I would highly recommend to anyone!  5 Stars all the way around!