I picked up the Kindle Fire on release day, and made sure to put it through its paces before writing a review.UNBOXINGThe Fire comes in a much larger box than seems truly necessary for it. It is standard Amazon frustration-free packaging; just pull a tabbie on the end and it pops open with zero problems. Inside the box you'll find the Fire itself, an AC adapter, and a little cardboard cut-out that explains extremely basic setup.PHYSICAL IMPRESSIONSThe Fire is heavier than I expected, but fits in the hand well. It's relatively thick compared to, say, an iPhone or iPad, but I barely notice it even though I've used many other devices. The Fire does lack both physical volume buttons and a home button, but I've not yet been annoyed by their absence after almost a month of constant use.SETUPSetup takes approximately 10 minutes at the most. Find a Wifi network, enter your credentials for your Amazon account, and you're ready to go. All digital purchases will be listed, ready to be downloaded for offline enjoyment at any time, and your one-month trial of Amazon Prime will start immediately.INTERFACEThe interface is one heck of a lot easier to use than some of the others out there. Amazon has reduced the number of steps it takes to get to whatever it is you want to get back to, whether that be Fruit Ninja, the last season of Pushing Daisies, or flicking through your current read. All of the latest items are at the front of the carousel, prominently placed on the home page of the Kindle, and you can bookmark any of them underneath the carousel for easy access.The Cloud access for any media is also easily set up. There are two views for any sub-category of content (listed across the top of the device -- Books, Video, Docs, etc): Device and Cloud. Items under the Device sub-category have been downloaded to the device for offline enjoyment. Items in the Cloud sub-category are stores on Amazon's servers to be downloaded when you have a wifi connection and want to enjoy them.The Silk browser was widely touted by Amazon, but I have not had much opportunity to use it, as my usage patterns have been mostly in the direction of video and books. Other reviewers can give a much more comprehensive review, but I have found through my occasional usage that it tends to be more speedy than the iPad was, though not enough to be truly noticable.READING EXPERIENCEThe reading experience on the Fire is much better than I expected it to be. Reading on other backlit devices has been frustrating -- the devices were either too small (iPhone) or too big (iPad) for it to be comfortable. The 7" screen of the Fire fits a good middle point, at just large enough to be comparable to a hardcover book. The backlighting is a downside, but not everyone finds it difficult on the eyes. For me, if I keep reading sessions under two hours, I have zero problems.VIDEONetflix looks fantastic on the device, and Amazon Prime gives a fantastic expansion of Netflix's offerings. If you're into older TV shows or things like that, Amazon Prime tends to have more seasons than Netflix. I've found it worth the payment, but do use the month trial to see how it works for you.APPSApps range from fantastic to a little buggy. Frequently they go on sale, and one each day is offered for free that is usually pay-only. Games that require a lot of graphics usage generally run fine, but occasionally run into hiccups. Apps like Read It Later that allow you to pull content from the internet and such have not seemed to give me any problems, nor has Netflix. Facebook is built in, but I have chosen not to use it, because...well, do I really need another Facebook box?OVERVIEWAll in all, I wound up keeping the Fire as my sole tablet solution. If it fits your usage patterns -- which is to say, mostly consuming content -- then it's a fantastic little device that's going to run you less money than most competitors. If you're looking for something more advanced, pass over the Fire and look at the other options on the market.