I love almost everything Apple, but the iPad just isn't there yet, primarily because it doesn't replace anything with better functionality -- not a netbook, not a Kindle, not an iPhone.  Yes, the display is absolutely gorgeous with its intense colors and sharp graphics.  Yes, it is sleek and easy to slip into a briefcase.  Yes, video and photos cannot look any better on a portable device.  But . . . .The iPad is dependent in part on apps that you can purchase in the iTunes store; however, many of those apps are either incompatible with the iPad (showing up on the tablet in iPhone screen size) or cost money.  There just aren't many free iPad apps the way there are with the iPhone.  The apps that do exist, whether for a price or free, just don't add much to the iPad's functionality.While the touchscreen keyboard is much easier to use than that of its cousin the iPhone (because of its larger size), it's not built for typing more than a few quick emails or notes.  Plus, if you use Word on your main computer, you can't install it on the iPad the way you can on a netbook.  You're stuck with Apple's note program or a separate productivity app purchased from the App Store.  As far I can tell, the only way to share notes is to email them.  You cannot edit an existing document.As an e-reader, it doesn't compare to the more portable, more book-like, lighter-weight Kindle 2, except in the case of books that have color photos and/or animated graphics.  It may compete well with the larger Kindle DX, although I don't have one of those to compare.  To download books, you have to be on a wireless network, unlike the Kindle, which uses free Whispernet for downloads. (Note: the iPad with 3G can download anywhere if you pay for monthly 3G service.) When I read on the iPad, it feels more like a computer than a book; the Kindle feels more like a book.The iPad does not have a camera, either still or video.  It does have a microphone for voice memos.  Its speakers are much better than those of the iPhone 4; you can start up the iPod and put the iPad on a table to listen while you do other things.  Still, I have a computer and separate iPod players in the areas of the house; music coming through real speakers sounds so much better.  I do like that I can play music while using other apps, just the way I can on all versions of the iPhone.  Its the only example of multitasking on the iPad.I'm leaving this iPad for my husband to use.  I'll get another when Apple releases a version that has a camera and FaceTime; when it can share and edit files; when more (useful) free apps are available; when it allows multiple open window/apps the way the Mac OS does -- in short, when it successfully replaces one or more of my other devices.The iPad has tremendous potential that isn't yet realized, but it is a fun toy to play around with.  As to whether you should purchase this wireless version or the 3G, consider how you would use this and whether you want to pay for 3G service.  You can tether your later model iPhone; however, that's an additional fee from ATT as well.  I recommend the iPad for tech geeks who have to own the newest toys -- and as toys go, this is great.  For the rest of you, hold off for a generation or two until Apple begins to fully utilize the power of this slender tablet.-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann