I bought the Kindle Fire because I think all the cell phones are overrated for the price you have to pay for them.  I got tired of my cell phone dying, I just needed a phone to talk and another device to do all the other stuff.  So now when we are out and about running errands my son is playing games on the Kindle Fire and my cell phone battery is not being drained.  My husband and I had the greatest night out to dinner for the first time.  Our son played the dinosaur flash cards on the Kindle the entire time.  The children's books cost too much money, I was shocked.  For Brown Bear it is 12.99.  The graphics are neat but that is way too much money for childrens books.  They run from 1.99 to about 24.99.  The free streaming movies on Amazon Prime is awesome.  My son has already watched Jetsons the Movie and Barney's First Christmas; without even charging the battery.  All the apps you can download are awesome, they are the same apps you can get on android but bigger screen.  The touch screen is very good, probably not the best but I was surprised how accruate.  I have been on Facebook and e-mail....works great!  I have purchsed from the Oriental Trading Company and Overstock with no issues.  I am unsure why people have been saying web surfing is slow, I have not found that to be true.  I love the borrow book, 1 a month on Amazon Prime.  I am half way through my first book already.  I do like the E-ink reader better on the old kindle but glad to sacrafice that to have the bright screen for other things.  You can change the background to a vanilla color on the books and that has helped me.  I wish it had the 3G like the Kindle DX, the Kindle Fire says it comes with the Whispernet but I haven't figured that out yet.  There is only 6.5 GB on the device storage but the cloud is unlimited, I can't see me even coming close to that anyway.  I don't really have much from my computer I will put out on it anyway.  Yes, it does not take pictures or video.  There are so many other things that do that so I don't really care.  To me, I am breaking out my Canon anyway because if I am going to take pictures or video I want quality.  I don't need those instant post to Facebook, just use your cell phone for that.  To me the Kindle Fire has a lot to offer and I like amazons products so I don't mind being locked into them and the thought of them coming out with a cell phone in 2012 is really exciting because then I would have access to all the stuff on the cloud.  The power cord that comes with it is about 2 feet long and not good quality.  I have not upgraded because my cell phone USB power cord works just fine.  All this just depends on what you are going to use it for and what you really want.  The Ipad for me was too expensive and I knew that I wouldn't use half of what it could do.  So the bottom line for me is the Kindle Fire is AWESOME!  The only really down side for me is getting it away from my son.  He has asked for it for Christmas instead of the Nintendo DSI XL.  I haven't checked out to see if we can share the cloud and so forth so that is next on my list!  Hope this helps anybody on the fence about it.