I bought the Thrive in July 2011, right after its release.  It had all the features I was looking for - all the ports, the right proc, Android 3.1, etc.And it was missing a feature I failed to check: pre-stressed glass (like Gorilla Glass). It also included 3 bonus "features" I had hoped not to see: lousy customer service, incompetent repair, and parts price gouging.  Lets take these one at a time, shall we?1. Lousy Customer Service: So one day my son drops the device no more than 2 feet flat onto its rubberized back on soft linoleum.  And the glass cracks. I called Toshiba to see if they might help me, as the product was purchased at full retail price just 2 weeks earlier.  The case and the tablet with tax came to ~$750.  Nope, the manager said they help no one under any circumstances when the glass cracks.  They assume it is always the customer's fault.  If you drop the tablet 1 inch and the glass breaks - your fault.  If the glass breaks when you are holding the product, or when you are taking off the back cover - your fault.  Don't laugh - there are numerous reports of Thrive glass breaking with no external stress.So Toshiba takes no responsibility in using cheap glass on a product they imply is "tough".  In fact, the opposite is true.  I told a friend about my Thrive experience, and he explained how his Xoom (which *has* Gorilla Glass) had survived being flung across his concrete garage after being forgotten on his SVU roof.  Compare this with reports Thrive screens cracking from *being held*.2. Incompetent Repair: So I considered sending my product in for repair.  Turns out the glass cost ~$200 to repair to start, or ~$310, at their discretion.  And then I found numerous posts on how poor and slow the repair was.  I decided to forego this adventure, so I ordered the parts to repair it myself.  $62 for the glass, and $10 for some replacement sponges.  At least I could live with that ...3. Parts price gouging: So what does an amoral company do when it releases a defective product?  Issue a recall and fix the defect?  No, Padawan, what do you think this is, Automotive?  Toshiba seizes the opportunity to maximize shareholder value by leveraging its awful product quality to gouge the consumer!  Remember the parts order I mentioned in (2) above?  Well, TWO WHOLE MONTHS after I ordered those parts from the Toshiba USA authorized parts dealer, the order was cancelled.  Why?  Because Toshiba "reconfigured its supply chain" and discontinued the glass.  But wait!  All is not lost: now I can get the same order with a $160 bezel + glass assembly, and the $10 sponges.  After shipping, the replacement cost therefore is nearly $200 for the glass, not counting my labor.  These days, I can buy an entire tablet at that price!If it weren't for the poor quality glass, the lousy customer service, the incompetent repair, or the parts price gouging, I'd recommend this product.  As it is, I'd recommend you look at a 10.1 tablet from Acer, Asus, Motorolla, or Samsung.  Unlike Toshiba, they all use Gorilla Glass.