I've actually been using Android and Android tablets a while, since the first Archos Android tablet (gen 7) in 2009 and I have their 7 and 10 inch Froyo tablets. Archos has announced new tablets for September with Honeycomb and I will most likely be buying at least one, for reasons that will be apparent. I was going to order the 8 GB but found the 16 GB in stock at Best Buy no waiting.My other tablets seemed fast when I got them, and now seemed not so fast. I wanted to try Honeycomb and also develop software on it. Initially I thought the Galaxy Tab would be the thing to have, but no SD? Come on?  The Transformer and Iconia also looked interesting. The Xoom was too spendy for something I'd want to replace by next year when the really fast tablets come out, and SD card not working... Seriously. While I was thinking of the Transformer I saw the Thrive. Simple. Full size SDXC, 'nuff said! Full size ports are nice but the replaceable battery is also nice. After my Archos experience I'm not overly impressed with the battery, but the charge time of about an hour is fast.First off Honeycomb takes a little getting used to, but it's really addictive and slick. As a Linux user the USB MTP choice seemed initially obtuse as I always use USB mass storage, but it seems there are reasons. Keep in mind if you run Linux file transfers require either getting mtpfs working, using adb or some other option. Media playing offers Toshiba enhancements but suffers various issues. First up is the Tegra II decode limitations. It will play formats listed here, if everything is encoded the way it likes. This is where Archos shines and why their next tablet with an TI OMAP 4460 will really make Tegra II devices look silly. Thankfully you can use Mobo for software decoding and while some people say it isn't smooth my experience has been great with mobo playing my videos. The audio sounds great for clarity and quality but the speakers lack bass and are tinny. With this much body space they could have put a mini subwoofer in there. I've seen good and bad said about the screen, but my opinion is the screen is great with amazing viewing angles and clarity. However if you leave it in auto it seems a little dim.Problems so far have been with UPnP and sharing files with my PC. In fairness I'm not sure how much is the Thrive as I seem to have odd things going on with my Pogoplug UPnP and am trying to get Samba working right on my Linux box. I have had some wake up problems where I had to reboot a few times. Over all it has been absolutely delightful. The cameras are not great, as mentioned by others, but I have a nice camera I can plug in and use this for a viewer.The real strong point of this tablet has to be the web browsing. Sure there isn't a Netflix Honeycomb app, and I'd love to see streaming on Tegra devices, but I opened the browser and and managed my queue easily. That would really choke up my single core tablet. The other thing is that this is the first device that is faster than my Galaxy S phone that I can show people things with in a fast paced environment without waiting. The photo features for viewing and editing are first class and I haven't even tried the movie maker yet.This is not the thinnest or the lightest tablet, but you can buy an 8 GB unit cheap and then add 128 GB SDXC later and carry a 256 GB USB stick for a lot of video to go. As development continues it and more software arrives this tablet is only going to get better.