I've been reading through all the other reviews and I must say that the TF201 (Transformer Prime) has two KILLER PROBLEMS which may, ultimately, result in my returning the unit and buying something else...*** BUYER BEWARE!! ***WIFI:The WIFI on this model-- bluntly-- SUCKS. I'm sitting 6 feet away from an 802.1n Wifi Router, which works beautifully and flawlessly with EVERY OTHER wifi item I own, including both my android phones, my Kindle Fire, my HP laptops, our wireless printers, etc-- works great with everything EXCEPT the Transformer Prime. Sitting here, 6 feet away, it TELLS me that it has a 65-75Mbps connection to the Internet but it times out so horribly that its practically impossible to use. Sitting in my office, which is perhaps 30 feet away, I get 5-26Mbps connections, which sometimes work. For small things, like fetching web pages or short downloads, its not too bad. For longer things, it can get pretty bad.There are some supposed "FIXES" for the wifi issue (Google "Transformer Prime Wifi Fix" for a YouTube video, for example). I tried the fix, and it DOES improve things temporarily, but eventually the issues return and the performance is terrible again.GPS:When I tried out the GPS in my car, I could not get any satellite reception. The GPS simply did not register. I thought perhaps it was broken, but I have since seen it actually work a few times so I know there is technically nothing electrically wrong with it, but rather it is just poor reception via the antenna.BATTERY LIFE:Asus claims hours and hours of battery life for the tablet (I don't yet have a keyboard dock). But I have yet to see it. In general use, I seem to get two or three hours between charges. Frankly, I'm not impressed AT ALL with the battery life. Its enough to be useful, and by itself I would not return the unit because of it-- but it IS bothersome enough that I think Asus oughta get slapped with a suit for false claims regarding it. That was one of the key selling features that sold me on this unit.WELL, ASIDE FROM THAT MRS LINCOLN...Aside from these two SHOW-STOPPING issues and ONE BOTHERSOME item, the rest of the unit seems nice enough. I mostly like it. The screen is nice, it's generally responsive, but I cannot say I would rave about it. I may simply return it and try an IPAD2. I've never tried one before, but I know a lot of people seem to like them. Frankly, if the Kindle Fire had cameras and GPS, I would prefer it over the Transformer Prime-- based on my experience with both. The Kindle is heavier and smaller, but it has good battery life, a nice enough screen, and wifi is very good. I have *never* experienced any problems with the Kindle. I am kind of disappointed in the Transformer Prime. I've been waiting for it since October-- it was supposed to have been my Christmas present, and then didn't come out in time-- which is why I have the Kindle, to "hold me over", and then it was my birthday present-- but I think it is mainly an expensive flop.