I have had my Thrive for about a week now and it works great! I have not owned a tablet yet, but after doing a lot of research, I decided to purchase this one. It has a lot of advantages over other tablets.Pros:- File System: The file system in this tablet is great! It allows you to view files just like on a PC. I have heard some folks say they've had problems plugging in external drives that are written in FAT32, but I have had no issues. It's super easy to just drag and drop files from your computer onto the device with no iTunes or other programs!- Extra ports: This unit has so many ports and it makes it very versatile. I use the SD card slot frequently for cheap storage of files and transferring files around. These ports, combined with the file system, make it very much like a normal PC and it can connect to many other devices.- Battery: The user replaceable battery is great for power users. You can easily buy a backup battery to take with you if you need more power. The battery life is decent but not spectacular. I can normally get 7-10 hours depending on what I am doing. However, it recharges very quickly, only taking about an hour or so.- Web browser: This tablet supports Flash and does pretty well with browsing the Internet. I have had the browser crash on me if I am trying to load a huge Flash file though, so it's not perfect. However, the speed is great.- Keyboard: This unit has Bluetooth and a USB port, so it's really easy to plug in a keyboard if you need to do any amount of typing. Typing on the touch screen can be sort of annoying, but it's easier than any other tablet to rectify.Cons:- Thickness: This tablet is pretty thick, which may be a turn off for some people. I find it doesn't weigh that much more than other tablets, but it is a lot thicker. This tablet doesn't pretend to be pretty while sacrificing ports, so it's a trade off.- Lack of tablet apps: I've been able to run most Android phone apps on this tablet, but there's not a ton of Honeycomb-Tablet specialized apps on the market. However, I am sure more will be released with time.- Cameras and buttons: I find the cameras on this unit are not very good. The are decent, but nothing that spectacular. They are probably about as good as a low end webcam. The power button can also be hard to reach sometimes. It's not too horrible, but you need to try if you want to turn it off.Some people are saying they have trouble with the screen brightness. However, if you just turn off auto brightness, the tablet is very bright. This does drain the battery more though. I have yet to have an issue with having to hard reboot it from sleep mode, but people have reported that as an issue as well.Overall, I love this tablet. It doesn't look as slim or as pretty as some other tablets, but it's very functional. The Thrive is the perfect tablet for someone who doesn't want to give up the functionality of a laptop.