I bought the original Kindle Fire when it was first released. I was so excited to get it, I pre-ordered in advance so I could have release day delivery. And for the next several months, I loved it. The screen was beautiful. However I had a few scares with it.The first issue I had with the Kindle was on a few occasions, it just didn't turn on. After discovering how to do a hard-reset, I was able to get it back up and running, and just did this whenever it wouldn't turn on again. Then one day while I was playing music on it via the iHeartRadio application, it started to overheat (wasn't aware that the Kindle even could overheat) and after the music that was playing started skipping, it froze up. I picked it up and found the back near the battery hot to the touch. It would not turn off, so I did a hard reset (as suggested by Amazon). After that, it never turned back on. Thankfully, Amazon quickly replaced my Kindle Fire (for free) and when I received my new one, everything was back to normal. However by this time, I had gotten my first iPhone (4s). I was surprised how much faster the internet browser and applications ran on my small phone, compared to the Kindle Fire. So I ended up using my iPhone more often than my Kindle.On month after Amazon replaced my 1st generation Kindle Fire, they released the new line of Kindles. I almost ordered one of the new HD ones, but decided to wait and see how the reviews compared to this iPad mini, which was released around the same time.Now months later, I'm hearing reports from people who did order the new Kindle Fire HD that they too are running into problems here and there with this new version. After doing a lot of research, I discovered that statistically, Apple products have fewer claims for warranty work than other brands. I'm by no means an Apple-Fangirl, and prefer to use Windows PC's in my own home. But I hate having my brand new items break down, even if they are covered by a warranty. When I spend hundreds on something, I just want it to work, and would rather never need to know how how good a warranty is or not. So the statistics of the Apple products having better reliability was the deciding factor.When comparing the Kindle Fire to the iPad mini, I will say that Kindle (especially the new ones) have a more vivid screen. The Kindle screens are beautiful and the colors are amazing. However that's where the majority of the advantages over the Mini ended for me. The iPad mini has nice web browser, the applications work well (less crashing issues), the wireless connection is fast and I didn't have any sort of lag between turning on my Mini and getting online, like I often did with my Kindle. The mini has been everything I hoped it would be, and I love the size.The iPad mini is super thin. So thin, I actually worry at times it's too slim. It's such a nice piece of hardware, I tend to worry that the ultra slim design might make it too delicate. Thankfully, they make cases like the OtterBox Defender Series Hybrid Case for iPad Mini for people like myself who want to put the delicate Mini into a super duty case. I'm glad I did, since it's taken a tumble or two in the last month I've owned it, and inside the case it stays unharmed.I do love the small size of the Mini. I needed something smaller than the large iPad, but also needed something larger than my iPhone. Something that would fit into my handbag, but that I could also easily read, check and reply to my email on. The screen is very responsive and the speakers produce nice sound, better than the iPhone's. The Mini is perfect for me, and I'm so glad decided on it. Everything works just as well or better than I had hopped for, and I've passed my Kindle Fire down to my pre-teen daughter, who loves it.