Nobody panic!The machine will not crumble to dust just because it's been discontinued!And that's a lot of 1-star reviews irrelevant to the merits of the device... this ain't a referendum on HP people...n00bsThe apps that are already on WebOS are the ones I care about... I could give a crap about app development beyond the ones that are available -- have been available -- on my Pre for over a year.If you need 90,000 apps or you cower before mobile operating systems, do not get the Touchpad... get an iPad 2 or Android whatever -- you will still face some challenges eventually but you can be satisfied that you got a great, safe, machine.Now, if you like technology, let's talk.I have a Palm Pre on Sprint. I also have a million Macs, iPad, I make computers, I fix them. Etc. Fun.But through a series of shenanigans I have a Palm Pre on Sprint and I kinda love it.Adding features to the WebOS was easy, rewarding, powerful.When I figured out how to overclock it, it was like my phone had grown a pair of bolls, ahem, wings.It was fast.And it made me REALLY fall in love with WebOS even more.Honestly, I don't want 90,000 apps. I have so much technology in my life that I want my 10 critical apps and maybe a dozen utilities.Who wants to live in apps all the time? For many things, we want services. I want integration. Web, email, etc. The majors.I got my Evernote, Voicerecorder, Facebookz, pandora, etc... basics.And it's worked the same while Palm was in charge, or Sprint, or HP...this change of hands hasn't had any impact on my phone that I know of.So I can't "upgrade" it to some future version of WebOS that will now never exist.Who cares. THANK GOD. I don't upgrade things just because there's a little alert that says "upgrade me." I upgrade things when they will improve my actual experience or fix a broken thing. And if it ain't broke (read: it's working well) don't upgrade.But if I could get my hands on a Touchpad for cheap, I'd do it in a heartbeat. It'll give me a much faster processor, WebOS 3.0, if I can port over my basics ... as long as there are servers for the apps that do exist, mainstream and homebrew alike.... then the things I need I can get.Having an integrated tablet like that with a great processor and room to tinker with if you like technology, yes please!I guess I'm saying that as an iOS, I've really enjoyed WebOS on my phone so I'm still very excited to have the system on a larger format... I have long-wished that Apple and WebOS would team up because there are ergonomic choices in the Pre that are just spectacular and Apple would do well to incorporate. I think the operating system will work for a long time... I mean, I guess if Adobe updates Flash in some crazy way, maybe then it will stop working for Flash... hopefully that's 2 years out ;)And for the person who "didn't know how to close windows," get an iPad 2 (although that won't solve your closing window problem because it just hides them in the background). If you are desperate, you can read the manual, or try this: on my Pre I press the home button and it will show me the different "cards" (apps) I have open... put your finger on the offending card and slide it up as though you are "throwing it off the top of your pre" ... it will close it.Good luck kids and how about ONE person say it's discontinued and then plus up that person's review so it ranks higher.... n00b pile-up up in here.