Come on people, you can't possibly give this device 5 stars.  It does not even have a native email app!I've owned the Playbook since April. I do not own a Blackberry phone. I like the Playbook but if you need a Tablet NOW, do not buy this one. You will likely be frustrated with the lack of apps, especially email and contacts.  Shame on you RIM, this could be a real player and give Apple a little (very little) run for its money.I installed the non-supported side loaded Android player about a month ago. I could no longer wait for RIM to finally keep a promise and release it.  It works and so does Kindle for Android.  However, with their latest OS update RIM disabled the hacked Android player.  Nice.  Thanks RIM.  Actually, its not that big of a deal but come on RIM, release the dang thing already. Its Sept. 13 for God's sake!RIM has the potential for greatness but keeps fumbling the ball.  They are like the Cleveland Browns.  You want them to do well, they show potential and then let you down because of lack of execution.The Good:I just got back from Aruba.  I watched 2 movies on the PB while in-flight.  The screen is awesome and the 7" size is really nice - very mobile.  Its one of the reasons I bought it.  I kept up with email via Google mail linked to my corporate mail (because remember RIM does NOT have a dedicated email app).  BTW, the missing email app was promised by Jim Balsillie, president of RIM, in April - said it was coming in no more than 60 days.  Came from the friggin president of the company! The guy has no problem lying.Back to the device.  I also used it in the hotel room as a media player and the sound is actually decent. Web surfing is nice and virtually as fast as my new laptop PC.  Again, no issues there.Apps are getting better but no where near what Apple offers. This is not a big deal to me. I don't use it to play games.The Playbook OS is truely a game changer (sorry Apple, it blows away your warmed over iPod Touch OS).  Its solid, fast and a pleasure to work with. No crashes...ever.  It will undoubtedly get much better over time.All in all, I did not miss my PC but then again this was a pleasure trip and not a business trip.However, because the Playbook is such a mixed bag and if I had to do it all over again since its now Sept. 2011, I would wait to see what the Amazon tablet looks like.  It should be coming out by the end of October and is stated to run Android.RIM's lack of execution is disturbing, as well as its deceitful marketing.  However, I have to say I do like the device and I really like the size, the beautiful screen and its solid build. The Playbook is not a cheap piece of plastic. Its really built well.  I considered the iPad2 and used it several times at the Apple store.  It just looks and feels like a big iPod Touch and at 10 inches, well...why not just carry your laptop.