I originally selected this unit as it appeared it will meet the minimum requirements for the upcoming Android 3.0 - namely 512 MB cache and a 1GHz processor.I love this unit - but it doesn't come this way out of the box.  If I could have given 4.5 stars this would be the reason for it.Elocity, the manufacturer has a new ROM download at their website that fixes the major disturbances with this - namely a poorly responsive screen and a WiFi with Alzheimer's disease. The multi touch is attempted but you may as well just double tap.  The larger 7" screen minimizes the need for it anyway.After the Elocity download you get the dexter one mentioned here in the reviews and it will open the marketplace for you.  Don't forget to change any ROM file to "update.zip" or it won't work.  And you must use the micro SD chip - you can't use a USB drive for this.  You should have one on hand when you first get it or you will be disappointed that you cannot use it right away.  Get two - on at 32GB for regular storage that stays there, and a smaller, cheaper one for flashing.You will want to put your apps on the chip when possible since flashing the ROM erases everything on the device.  You cannot synch this device with your computer to restore it later so the back up is nice there too.After the two flashes this is a marvelous little device.  7" might not be ideal for viewing - the 10" might be a little better, but, it will fit better in handbags AND the tactile touch keyboard is perfect with this size screen.  You can hold both sides and type with you thumbs without strain.  Any bigger and typing, while holding the device, would be less pleasant.Video playback is excellent on the screen.  Haven't used the HDMI output - and won't.  I have a WDTV live for that purpose (which I love).  The speakers are adequate for a device this size but the volume is insufficient.  Ok for minor stuff but if you were going to watch a movie you are going to want to pull out your headphones.The screen is not as responsive as an Ipod - no doubt about it.  But it works well and I consider it adequate as well.The android market is great, although not as big as apple - give it time.  I paid for angry birds on my ipod but it was FREE on Android market.  A nice surprise.There are some wonderful radio apps!  All my local stations are there with easier reception than the radio (I live rural).  Some of the apps are meant for smartphones and don't work quite the same way here.  For some of you that may be questioning the lack of a GPS, it appears that the wifi is often good enough.  I suppose it uses you IP address to know your location.  I wouldn't be using this in a car since I have a GPS already - so I haven't needed it.I bought this with some trepidation - but am more than pleased.  Don't expect an iPad - but darn if this isn't close!  My ipod is slicker, but I will enjoy this more just because it is a little bigger and is easily as user friendly.  Play with it for a bit.  My learning curve was about an hour.  You can't be afraid to push buttons.With the 10" version due, there may still be some deals to come with this one - but at $299 I think it is a great deal.Just don't judge it out of the box!March 4, 2011This product seems to change its price twice a week.  I purchased for $299 and it has fluctuated between $319 and $349 since.  You might not want to take the first price you see!