My wife and I ordered this from Amazon last week and have had it for a few days now.  We've been trying everything on it in everyway we can think of.  If all you want is a great web browsing tablet, great email reader, and a good picture/video viewer, the the Touchpad is good.  But if you want anything else at all out of a tablet, then pay the extra money for a tablet with an app selection and a future.A few specifics:Pros:1. Great web browsing, with ability to have multiple windows open and running at same time.  Although only viewing one at time - switching back and forth in a tab-like fashion is great.  Actually, the multi-taskability this tablet is very nice compared to iProducts.2. Synchronized email reading is superb.  You have all access to all your email accounts in one screen!3. Very nice screen quality for picture viewing and video watching.  Although it adds in "dead" photos sometimes which you have delete to stop it from constantly trying to load them as thumbnails.4. A digital picture frame this size and quality would cost you have $100, so for a bit more than twice the price you do get more than twice the fun and function.5. I like the interface layout better than both Android products and iProducts.Cons:1. The obvious - no downloadable app selection at all.  It's even worse than either of us thought it would be.  And the vast majority of them are really for Palm anyway - and so show up as a small Palm size image in the middle of the Touchpad screen.  If apps are at all part of your consideration, remove them completely from your mind when deciding to buy this or not.  They are NOT a factor. You'll just do all your "app stuff" on-line.2. As for pre-installed apps:  the pdf reader can not read pdfs converted from URLs (although iProducts and all computers can), and the QuickOffice - although it does have edit functionality for Word and Excel files, is a bit buggy when it comes to opening files from different sources (esp. Dropbox).2. Calendar would be okay if it had a to-do list or no-time option so one can fake a to do list.  The Palm calendars are far superior.  Why HP would have skimped on this I have no idea!3. Only has low quality front side camera.4. Others have said how fast it is, but I find it frustratingly slow.  Maybe I have a lemon, but it takes way longer for this Tablet to get files from btoh Box and Dropbox, and to open up attachment from an email than it does the exact same files on an iProduct, PC desktop, or PC laptop.  I mean way way way longer!4. No future.  For only $200 more you can have a Galaxy, and $300 more an iPad - both of which have superb app selections, a future of improvements and updates, and serious camera and video capabilities.This is a discontinued product, and for a reason.  Consider carefully if you're thinking of buying one.