I am an IT Director and Developer and have owned or demoed many tablets.  This tablet is very good for the price.  It does not have multi-touch (though there are some forums where people are trying to get multi-touch on this resistive screen to work), it does not have bluetooth, it does not have GPS, it does not have cell-phone functionality...but it's a ~$150 "Internet Tablet".I immediately flashed this to support Android Market (AppsLib is like a generic newspaper stand compared to the vast library that is Market).  You can find copious help on xda-developers dot com forum.  I followed the directions (using the Terminal Emulator) and it's been a wonderful experience ever since.  Since the device does not natively support Froyo, Android 2.2., there are several teams of developers (including me) working on Froyo support.  If you are interested in helping, google Android Development Unsupported Devices.  Seeing the amount of interest and all-out effort being put into getting this tablet to support Froyo and 3.0, I firmly believe it will only be a matter of weeks.You can install flash, look for Android 2.1 Flash 10 apk.  The HDMI output is absdolutely stellar...now don't laugh, but Avatar looked pretty damn good coming from the media player on this.I highly recommend at least getting an 8GB micro SDHC card (yes, SDHC).  Some apps don't recognize the actual directory location of the sdcard, instead, some apps are looking in the NAND folder.  Understanding this helps alot (for example Amazon's Kindle for Android software looks for docs in the NAND folder, but not the sdcard folder.)Angry Birds works, but sometimes the words/text are whited-out. I found that if you play "Seasons" and let the Halloween intro load, then go back to the main Angry Birds screen, *most* of the text and 3-stars will magically appear...looks like a Rovio developer bug (damn Finlanders! (Olen Suomalainen!)We recently purchased another of these tablets (Coby 7015) for my girlfriend's 11 year old girl (she loves it!)and I did not immediately flash it...guess what, it was still stable and loaded good...I was even able to get flash 10 installed...then I flashed it to the Market release.On CobyUSA's Website you can download a flash update, just follow the instructions in the video and you'll be fine.  I can't post links because Amazon just deletes them anyways.Overall, a great device for what it does, and for the price.  Kids love it, it works well as an ebook reader (Aldiko is not that bad but I like the Kindle App better), you can download NES, SNES, GBA (Gameboy Advanced), and other games to play...I recommend ROMSGrabber...most games play amazingly well though the lack of multi-touch takes the fun out of some games.The USB allows the use of most USB Keyboards and Mice, I threw a Logitech wireless combo and it recognized the mouse and keyboard (the usb keyboard is required for any Terminal Emulator (geek stuff) that I've used so far).  There are folks working on getting USB to Bluetooth and USB Camera support...so hang in there and keep searching the forums for updates and hacks/mods.Oh yeah, it does have a microphone, one with poor quality, but it does have one.  The "hole" for the built-in microphone is about 1/4 of an inch to the right of the headphone jack (3.5mm or 1/8 inch headphone jack).  I downloaded a couple of recording and loops tracks, and then learned of the microphone's existence.  However, Google Voice Search does seem to crash from time to time.I fully intend on purchasing yet another Android tablet, though I will hang on to this one for it's size and convenience...and as a development device.