I received my Samsung Galaxy Tab for Christmas.  The giver of this gift purchased it at Costco.  I immediately started buying accessories for it but more on that later on.  On February 1 I received an email from my cell carrier T-Mobile with an offer for a Samsung Galaxy Tab for $250 (after $50 rebate) but you had to sign up for a $39.99 per month data plan.  I was on month to month with Verizon for the one I received at Christmas.  I spoke to the giver of the gift and he returned the Verizon one to Costco and got the one at T-Mobile.  This put $250 back in his pocket and I got an unlimited data plan with unlimited texting for $20 a month less than Verizon.Now, I love this thing,  I also have an Android phone but this is amazing,  The size is perfect for me to use without my reading glasses and yet unlike the IPad will fit in the pocket of my cargo shorts.  It is quick to load even complex pages when browsing and has a decent camera.  The interface is easy to use, even my 80-year-old neighbor found it simple and fun to use.I have the Samsung Car Mount.  When you put it in the bracket and connect the power cord to the lighter socket it switches to "Car Mode" which cancels the display timer.  You can use the camera to video your drive that is cool but the perk is the built-in and free Google Navigation with voice directions, and voice input.  Just tell it where you want to go and it takes your there.  The 7-inch screen is large enough to see unlike some other aftermarket nav systems.I also have the home dock with HDMI output and connect this directly to my entertainment system so I can play internet radio (Pandora) through my home system without any special equipment.I have seen some reviews about this freezing up.  I have not had that experience even when playing the internet radio in the car while using the nav system.Another great thing about the tab is its ability to tether to another computer or to become an internet wireless hot spot (Access Point).  You really need to connect it to a power source like the car or an ac adapter, as the amount of juice necessary to power the Access Point is significant.  I have used this feature when traveling.  It permits someone else in the car to use his or her laptop on the internet.  The internet speed is very good even when using the nav system at the same time.This is a very handy piece of equipment.  I recommend it without hesitation or reservation.One last thing, the $39.99 plan at T-Mobile is hands-down the best value in data plans so you will be able to take advantage of all the great things available on the internet without trying to find a hot spot.UPDATE After 16 months of heavy daily use two issues have come to light.  The first is the tablet now resets itself to the original setup erasing all the programs and the batteries no longer hold a charge.  I wisely purchased a Square Trade Service plan and have sent it in for service.  I will update after I get it back.UPDATE 2I received the tablet back from the repair center and they were unable to repair the tablet so they replaced the inside with a new system which is incompatible with my carrier T-Mobile.  The bright side of this is that I bought the Square Trade Warranty for this item and Square Trade is giving me $600 to purchase a newer model that will compatible with my carrier.  Cheers to Square Trade and Jeers to Samsung for not having the correct parts available.