I bought an IPAD 2 64 gig 3g Verizon model the first week it came out. I bought it online. I received it 3 1/2 weeks later from china. It was amazing for the first 20 hours. The apps were so unbelievable. I have a touch, and it is so much better. On the second day, it started trying to shut down. The battery was at 80%. I tried shutting it off and could not. I called apple. I bought the extra care plan for 90 dollars so they are going to help me. Right? Wrong. The first representative we talked to had us restore it to the factory settings. It took 1 hour to download the 660 mg file. We then restored it to the factory settings. It started working perfectly. We were so happy. The problem was solved! I watched videos and played with it for hours. I ran the battery down and plugged it in overnight to charge. The next morning the problem was back in spades. It then started doing new things like flashing on and off. I went on the website and asked a specialist to call me again. She put me on hold. She was gone for a little while. When she came back, she said that I needed to mail it back to them to REPAIR it. I said What? I have the apple care plan and was told that you would send me a replacement. I have not even had this thing 2 days. She said that the other representative lied to me, and that she could not lie to me. I have 2 options. I can take it to the Apple Store (nearest one 165 miles away) or I can mail it and have it repaired and they will send the same one back to me. She made me an appointment at the store. I am driving the 165 miles to take it back. The second representative (a supervisor) told me that they would send me a replacement if I gave them a credit card and let them charge another 900 dollars for it. When they received the old one back, they would charge it back to me.I have had a kindle for years. The day I saw it on the Oprah show was the day I fell in love with it. I bought one the same day. The first kindle i received was great except the internet would not work. I called Amazon and they shipped me out a kindle the SAME DAY! I got it a couple of days later and loved it. It worked perfectly. I upgraded to a DX and have never had a problem.If you want to see a video of what it is doing, you can go to you tube and watch it. My username is caulret. I love Amazon and their amazing customer service!Edited 4-16-11I took it back to the Apple store. The people at the Plano Apple store were awesome. They did not want to give me my money back, but we negotiated with them and they ended up putting it back on our credit card with some creative measures. A more timid person would have had to take an apple gift card. This was all they said that they could do at first, but I held my ground.  I might buy this product again at a local Best Buy when they come available. If I decide to do that, I will edit this review. This was my true experience, and I wanted to share it.