Disclaimer: did not buy this on Amazon.2nd Disclaimer: we own two iPads.3rd Disclaimer: this is my first Android device.We bought this for the daughter of a friend of ours and of course, I volunteered to set it up.'Pros'It does music ok, web browsing is slow-ish but bearable. The touch-screen is ok, and responsive enough.ConsThe main issue is Apps. I am IT professional and would like to think that I more experienced in these things than the average consumer.First, I shipped with Android 2.0 so quite a few apps did not work. Since it does not come with access to Google's Android store, you have to use GetJar or the Amazon marketplace.So, I went to their website, and found the download for Android 2.2. No download for Android 3 available - as for all cheap Android tablets, so no surprise. It's pretty 'simple' to upgrade: take the SD card out of the tablet, put it in your computer, download the update, copy it to the SD card, put the card back in the tablet, reboot while holding 3 buttons and wait. Not the smoothest experience, but it works.Then I tried to install apps again. Still, many simply failed after a download saying 'Application not installed'. No reason, no explanation, no hint what to do.Tried Angry Birds - the staple of Tablet apps. No dice.After some tinkering, here is what I found:(Disclaimer: Android 3 is supposedly (!) better at this, but its not available for most Tablets).The tablet has 2 GB internal storage and 4GB on the SD card. So far so good.The internal memory is divided in 1.5GB 'general' storage and 512MB application storage.What that means is, that installed applications need to fit into the 512MB. If you don't know what that means, let's just say its not a lot.But it gets better. Yes, you can find some menu to move apps then from that internal storage to the SD card, but in order to do that IT NEEDS TO INSTALL FIRST. Since Angry Birds was bigger than said 500MB (actually, mine had only 400MB free) I could not install it, to move it. *&!%^%$$!!!Some more Google searching revealed that if you download the Android SDK on your computer, you can then log into the tablet remotely and tell it to install by default to the SD card instead. So, that's what I did, and it worked. Sort of.Because now, 2hrs later, Angry Birds installed, but some other games wouldn't work. Turns out, some games don't work when installed onto the SD card, because Android does not treat all storage equally. Figures.Now, back into the settings, moving those apps from the SD card - where they now install by default - back to the internal memory. Some games still didn't work.What a mess and what a horrible experience. There is no way, the average consumer can figure this out.So, unless you know a computer guy or know what your are doing, stay away. Even then, it sucks. I suspect ALL cheap Android tablets are that way.Save up for an iPad or buy a Kindle Fire instead.