By now there are plenty of reviews that offer the pros and cons of the iPad 2 versus other tablets on the market.  With that in mind, I've decided to focus this particular review only for those of you who are in the same boat as me - which is debating whether or not to upgrade to an iPad 2 from the first gen iPad.After giving it much thought, I recently took the plunge and I am 100% sure that I made the right decision.  However, this is only in the context of how I use the tablet, which is primarily for gaming and other graphic intensive apps.  Previously I owned the AT&T; 3G iPad with 32GB of memory.  After giving it much thought, I decided to purchase the wi-fi only 64GB iPad 2, since I realized I don't actually used the 3G much.Most of the apps I use are very graphic intensive.  EA games such as Dead Space, FIFA 11 ... or Gameloft games such as Order & Chaos, Starfront, and Dungeon Hunter ... I play those games often and noticed a HUGE difference after I transferred my data to the iPad 2.  The games run much better, and there is a major change in terms of performance.  There is much less slowdown, and FIFA 11 actually plays like the way it should - fast and crisp (and not slow and turgid, like it was when I was playing the exact same game on the first gen iPad).  In cases like this - having the faster processor and added RAM makes a huge difference.Now if you're the kind of person who plays simpler, less graphic intensive games like Angry Birds, Diner Dash or World of Goo, you will probably not notice anything different.  You also won't really notice any difference if you stream or purchase videos as the display is the same as before.  Sorry, but no retina display this time around.But what you will be pleased with is the fact the iPad 2 is far lighter than it's predecessor.  This is important for those of you who spend a lot on the iPad playing games (like me).  It was no secret that the previous iPad was bulky and difficult to hold.  It also made it very tiring to grab the device for an extended period of time (making it difficult to play intense FPS or sports game without frequent rest periods).  The iPad 2's weight makes it much easier to hold and less burdensome to play games for a long time.  Long story short, my hands don't feel numb as often as I did when I used the old iPad.As for the other bells and whistles such as the camera/face time, etc ... all of that is well and good.  The interface is easy to figure out, so there isn't much brain surgery involved.  The smart cover is also a nice touch, though it's not a necessity.  I personally have one though, and I like it very much.So the biggest question here is - should you upgrade to iPad 2 if you already own one?  If you are a die hard gamer, the answer is 100% absolutely yes.  The difference in performance is absolutely striking and you will see the benefits of upgrading within seconds (so long as you play games that take advantage of the upgrade - i.e. games w/high production value).Even the apps I run outside of games run noticeably smoother and faster.  Using video/graphic intensive apps like CNN or ESPN XL is a snap, and they run much faster than on my previous iPad.In short, should you upgrade from the iPad to the iPad 2?1. If you play hardcore, graphic-intensive games - YES, upgrade ASAP2. If you run a lot of apps at the same time, like to use video/graphic intensive apps - YES, upgrade3. If you run apps that aren't that taxing (lighthearted games like Angry Birds, simple interface apps), or use the ipad to mostly surf, write email, etc - NO, upgrading is not necessary unless you have cash to spare (save your $$ for the iPad after the iPad 2 IMO).That's my 2 cents for folks on the fence.  Good luck!