INTRODUCTION:Before I purchased the Sony Tablet S, I was torn between it and the Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1.  My initial impression of the Sony after I played with one at a local Fry's store was that is was nice, though plastic-y.  After I played with my uncle's Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1, however, I was sold on the Samsung, at least initially.  After I started hearing about all the legal issues Samsung had with Apple, I began to feel less confident about buying a Samsung tablet.  Then when I saw the Sony Tablet S marked down to $299, I was instantly sold on the Sony.  Of course, this was right before the new Xperia Tablet S and the Kindle Fire HD 8.9 were launched, which annoyed me somewhat, but overall I'm very satisfied with the tablet.HARDWARE:The tablet's wedge shape works surprisingly well, especially when laid horizontally on a flat surface or when held vertically.  Laying it vertically on a flat surface or holding it horizontally is less ideal, since the screen is angled sideways on the former, and the grip is nowhere near as ergonomic on the latter.  Despite the thickness, the weight isn't all that bad.The screen size is just right for me; 10.1" seems a bit bulky.  Despite the slightly smaller screen, this tablet still has WXGA 1280x800 resolution like most other 10.1" tablets, which is nice.The speakers don't sound all that great, but the headphone jack works well.  The full-size SD slot is a HUGE bonus, and despite other reports which state otherwise, you do NOT have to transfer music/pictures/videos from the SD card to the internal storage in order for the tablet to recognize them; they can remain on the SD card.  The door that covers the SD slot and the micro-USB slot is rather awkward, and I imagine that it could easily break off with repeated use.The power and volume controls are tucked in a bit too far, and can be mistaken for each other.  Sony tried to reduce the problem by placing a "tactile dot" on the volume + button, but it's still easy to press the wrong button.  The charge status light has a very nice subtle glow, while the notification LED is super-bright, ensuring it can be seen, even if you're not looking on that side of the tablet.  The back of the tablet is mostly glossy black plastic with texture dots; unfortunately, the back is very easily scratched.There are two cameras; one on either side.  The front camera serves its purpose (video chat quality), but I really don't see the point in having a rear-facing camera on a tablet.  Neither did Sony apparently, as the rear camera is pretty mediocre.  It's better than the front camera, but honestly, who would use a tablet to take pictures?  That's what a digital camera is for.  Even a smartphone camera makes more sense!Battery life lasts about 2 days, but it takes at least 4 hours to recharge the tablet fully.HARDWARE CONCLUSION:  Use better materials (more metal especially), redesign the SD/mUSB door, and make the power/volume controls easier, and the Tablet S is a real winner.  Oh, and ditch the rear camera, too.SOFTWARE:The tablet arrived with Android 3.2 (Honeycomb) installed, which was very quickly upgraded to Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) during the first day of use.  Initially, I had big problems with Google Play not working, but I got that issue sorted out later that day.  I can't really say much about 3.2, other than most of the eye candy in 3.2 was eliminated after the 4.0 upgrade.  There's plenty of pre-installed apps on the tablet, but you can actually remove most of them (except for the Sony-branded apps), which is nice.  The user experience is a definite improvement over my Motorola Droid 2, which runs Android 2.3 (Gingerbread): it's faster, smoother, and less glitchy.  (And 2.3 was already a HUGH improvement over 2.2!).  The tablet does run smooth for the most part, though it does have occasional hiccups in performance.  The built-in Sony apps work very well, too.One serious issue that many others have complained about is the Wi-Fi.  For some reason, this tablet ignores the "Wi-Fi disconnect policy" settings and will ALWAYS disconnect from the wi-fi when locking the screen!  The tablet will *usually* reconnect itself within a few seconds after unlocking, but not always.  The workaround is to download and install "Advanced Wi-Fi locker", which will eliminate the Wi-Fi disconnect issue.  It will use a little bit more battery life, but it's worth it.  Speaking of wireless, this tablet is picky about routers:  it does not like the router where I work.  It will connect to it fine and indicate a strong signal, but I can only get internet access for about 30 seconds before the internet mysteriously stops working, even though the tablet shows a good connection.  Then again, my Droid 2 has the same issue there, too (but not my laptop nor my co-worker's iPad nor my boss's Nexus 7!).  Weird.SOFTWARE CONCLUSION:  Improve/Fix the WiFi.OVERALL CONCLUSION:  A great tablet, though for same price, you can get the 8.9" kindle fire HD with a 1920x1200 screen (though I'd be wary of Amazon's customizations to Android after seeing my dad use the original Kindle Fire), or for only $100 more, you can get the improved Sony Xperia Tablet S now.