I've had this tablet for a while - it was suppose to be a new toy for me. And quite frankly, it still sort of is. I was deciding between this or the Asus Transformer (mainly for its laptop like dock).Why I love this:-It runs Android and I've been an Android user since the very beginning (Yes, I was one of the first with a G1 - the FIRST google phone). Why is this a plus? It's a plus because it  means my knowledge of apps transfers to my tablet. My paid apps from my phone can also be downloaded onto the tablet for free and I know about apps such as WiFi File Explorer in which I can transfer things between my tablet, phone, and laptop wirelessly.-HDMI Port - this allows me to connect my tablet to my HDTV. Not that I really need a connection since you can wirelessly connect it to your television as well. But sometimes it's easier to just stick my HDMI cable into both devices to connect them.-A great substitute for my laptop - I have a bluetooth keyboard that allows me to connect my tablet to my keyboard (although to be honest, a USB keyboard works just as well.) The tablet's super light and the battery life lasts very long. This is great for me to take to class and take notes with AND allows me to carry my books along with me. Seriously, carrying a 6 LB laptop all day long with notebooks and other things has been taking a toll on my back. I take notes with some word like processor apps (they were free in the Amazon App Store). It's also great for reading powerpoint slides. I simply swipe my finger to move slides and it's hard to get distracted by the internet when it takes up my entire screen.-IT HAS FLASH! Flash is NOT a dead platform. Flash is wonderful - I can't imagine what it feels like to have an iPad and want to watch videos on sites like megavideo or Hulu (for free) just to be denied access. And yes, you can stream things like Amazon prime instant videos (Flash is damn lovely, ain't it?)-Android Marketplace for Tablets: Like I stated before, my knowledge of apps helps me to use this for almost everything in everyday life. I've even printed a paper while sitting inside my car outside of my house so I could run in and grab it before leaving for school. However, I'll admit. There is a CON with this. Apple's marketplace for Apps is still superior to Androids. But being a native Android user - I've seen Android's market develop over the years to become quite competitive (there's tons of mobile apps - not so much native tablet apps). It's only a matter of time before more and more apps get released. But most of the apps I have, even if they're mobile will blow up and fit on the screen. Some won't but most will. To this day, I have over 1,000 apps - I've only spent 2 bucks on all my apps.CON:-Camera Quality: The camera quality does not blow me out of the water. It reminds me of what having a camera phone 6 years ago would be like. That being said, I don't video chat on it (that's what I have a laptop for) but I have recorded lectures before on it. The mic is ok but the video quality makes it seem like I filmed the lecture with a potato.-Bloatware - there's tons of bloatware on this thing which can only be uninstalled when it's rooted.This isn't really a con, but I'd like to mention that the first tablet I got ended up being non-responsive to touch at times. I think it was a problem with the tablet itself (Amazon let me return that one and exchange it for a brand new one). I have not had that problem again.Overall, I have to say that I love this thing. I guess it's harder to learn than an iPad (or at least harder to teach my mom how to play with it).P.S. I'm not 100% sure about this but I think the screen is made out of gorilla glass? Either way - I have no screen protector on it (like I do my phone) and it's fine.