I always wanted a device that is very portable but has a large enough screen for me to feel more comfortable watching videos. My Droid DNA smartphone has an amazing screen, but it doesn't have nearly enough storage. My iPod touch is great, but it is just too tiny, at 3.5 inches. Enter the 32 GB Nexus 7, a cheap Android tablet that fits all my requirements. In the short time that I've had it I've fallen in love with it.HARDWARE:Being a "Nexus" device, the Nexus 7 was co-developed by Asus and Google. Asus did the hardware, Google did the software. In general, I am very impressed with the design and build of the tablet. It does not feel overly cheap or fragile, and it is quite thin (not the most important aspect of a device to me, but still notable). So it doesn't have a rear facing camera. I don't care. Taking pictures with a tablet seems awkward and silly to me. Also, if I want to do any serious picture taking, that's what my point-and-shoot camera is for.The screen is pretty nice considering that it isn't retina quality like the Droid DNA or the iPhone/iPod touch. Despite being "only" 216 ppi vs. 440 ppi on the DNA and 326 ppi on the iPod, it is plenty sharp enough for me, and it is still leaps and bounds ahead of the iPad Mini's pathetic 160 ppi. This is coming from someone who is spoiled by super high-resolution screens. It may not be the brightest or most colorful screen on the market, but for some people, that's a good thing.The battery life is quite good. Naturally, if you are watching videos or using the Internet extensively, it will drop faster than it would otherwise, but it is still the best I've ever had on an Android device. (Keep in mind, this is the Wi-Fi-only version; I have no idea what the battery life is like on HSPA+ 3G.)SOFTWARE:Again, this is a Nexus. It runs pure, bareboned Android, which is even better than I imagined. It may not have the bells and whistles of third-party skins like HTC Sense, but that's what Google Play is for -- you can add those bells and whistles yourself.Android on its own has come a very long way. Not too long ago I upgraded from a Droid 2 Global, which is stuck on 2.3 "Gingerbread" until the end of time. It was probably the biggest upgrade I've ever experienced. Android 4x is like a whole new OS compared to previous versions. I can't list all the changes here, because it would be too extensive. But for starters, you can take screenshots without having to root, and multitasking has become a lot easier due to the presence of a dedicated button (software button on the N7, capacitive on the DNA).Another benefit of the Nexus series in general is support. Not only will my N7 get updates on time (vs. a whole year for the Droid 2, and God knows how long for the DNA), but it will get at least two updates, as opposed to only one before the manufacturer decides to abandon you forever in hopes of getting you to upgrade sooner than later. Out of the box, the Nexus 7 has no third-party bloatware. None. It is all Google stuff. For comparison, my Droid DNA comes with a ton of stuff from Verizon and HTC that can't be removed (hiding and disabling is good enough, though), including things like NFL Mobile, Viewdini, Zappos, Audible, Mobile Hotspot, etc.CONCLUSION:This is a $200-$250 tablet, but you wouldn't believe it. It is simply the best choice for those who want a tablet but are on a budget or simply don't want to spend a zillion dollars. It is also a great device for those of us (in the U.S. only) who want the Nexus experience but can't get it on a phone because of carrier choice -- notably, if you are on Verizon, like I am. (The one time Verizon carried a Nexus phone, they butchered it pretty badly.)