By way of background, I have never been a fan of Apple's closed ecosystem and forced use of iTunes, the iStore and App Store as the sole source of consumable content (not that we can't free the device with jailbreaking, but that's not for most people).  I haven't bought an apple product since the second generation ipod years ago.  I have also played quite a bit with android based phones and have been eagerly researching and awaiting the release of android based tablets.  After doing considerable research, I have come to the conclusion that android 2.2 (FroYo) is not ready for prime time use on tablet after having some play time with a Samsung Galaxy tab.  Apps have to be scaled up, which makes them look rather blocky and atari 2600 on the Samsung's 7" 1024x600  resolution screen.  This problem is further exacerbated on larger size screens like the demo I saw of the Archos 101 (10.1" with a 1024x600 resolution).  At some point in the not to distant future, app developers will release modified versions of their apps suited to higher resolution/larger size screens.  At the moment, froyo tops out at 854x480 resolution, which will cripple the ability of developers to rescale their apps until either Gingerbread or Honeycomb are released by Google (who has yet to confirm which update will actually allow android to accomodate higher resolution displays).  Don't get me wrong, the hardware on the Galaxy Tab, Archos 101 and Viewsonic G Tablet (this tab in particular) are all quite good--better than the iPad--but without the OS and the Apps, the hardware really doesn't do the user much good.Rather than wait the 6 months to a year before the Android guys get their acts together, I decided to go online and find myself a used 64gb iPad on ebay.  I did this reluctantly, but I wanted to give apple products another try.  The iPad was purchased for about $120 less than I would pay for the same product from Apple.  I did notice that there was a burn in the LCD which caused part of the screen to show up white when the rest of the screen was black.  I have seen this type of defect before and it is a manufacturer's defect that should entitle me to a replacement device.  I registered myself as the user of the iPad and brought my "new" used iPad to the Apple store.  They looked at the issue and 15 minutes later, I walked out of the Apple Store with a brand new iPad under my arm.  Now that's what I call customer service!!!!  Steve Jobs scored lots of points on that.I brought the iPad home, loaded iTunes onto my Dell (again no Apples) and in ten minutes I had the iPad ready to go.  I have downloaded tons of apps since then, including kindle, nook, netflix, hulu +, angry birds, N.O.V.A., NYT, WSJ etc.  All the apps are designed specifically to run on the iPad and they function perfectly.  The device boots quickly and opens apps almost instantaneously.  The battery life lives up to Apple's 10 hour claim.  The interface is smooth and polished.  The device itself is well built and has a high-quality feel to it.  The screen in particular is gorgeous with great color reproduction, inky blacks and terrific viewing angles.  On the whole, this is an excellent product.  I am looking forward the release of IOS 4.2, which will provide the iPad with multi-tasking capabilities, the use of air play and remote printing.  This should significantly improve the iPad's functionality.What the iPad is not:  As others have said, this is not a replacement for your laptop or desktop.  If you are buying this as an alternative to a more traditional computer you will be sorely disappointed.  You can not expand the storage on the device, nor can you connect the device to any external storage, which signficantly hinders functionality.  Most similar devices, including soon to be released android tablets, have microSD slots, USB 2.0/3.0 connections (mini and standard), OTG capability that will allow you to connect thumb drives and portable harddrives--the iPad has NONE of these features. If you're familiar with windows/microsoft products, you'll come to see that the treatment of files is not the same on ios as you're use to using.  You cannot save a "document" or "file" on the iPad.  The iPad's document management system just works in completely different manner.  To be clear, this is a great device for web browsing, reading ebooks, watching streaming movies from netflix, playing games and light productivity software.  It is not a real productivity device for use in place of a laptop.  Although there is some watered down productivity apps for wordprocessing and spreadsheets, this is not going to replace the microsoft word/excel suite that most of us rely on in the business world.On the whole it is a great product with some limitations.  This really a tool for media consumption, not for productivity.  If you can live with the limitations, you will love it!!!