I have just sent back my third Prime.  I am done.I really wanted to love it.  It started last November.  Preordered, then got cancelled, then reordered, then delayed, then the problems  wifi/gps, etc. starting happening. I donot care about GPS, but wifi is critical.  I am not a gamer. I don't spend my life on Facebook or Twitter.  I am professional and I really wanted to use the Prime in my business and personal reading.My first Prime had horrible wifi -- even when I upgraded to a expensive Asus AP route.  Second one was a bit better -- but lots forced closings and it seems like updates almost daily. And if i pressed the top of the tablet hard, the wifi improved. Boy, that made me feel happy. So, now on my third Prime, with decent wifi -- still 25% worse than a OG Transformer and still fluctuates all the way down to 3mps.  On Speedtest, I get 20mps on an OG and usually 12 to 15 mps on the Prime, but sometime 3.  But, it basically worked, after two and half months of screwing around with returns, updates, hacks, fixes, reading up every night on the blogs to get tips on making the Prime perform smoothly.On Friday walked by the Apple store.  Walked in and found out I could get a Ipad 3 for two weeks and return it if I didn't like it.  What the hell, thought I would check out the competition.  Never owned an Apple product (oh, have an Ipod but dont use it now that I have an android phone.)After all the heartache ordering, reordering, calling Asus support(boy, that is waste of time), I found the experience in the Apple store was so, so, normal. I walked in, spoke with a person an intelligent person that explained the unit, demonstrated it, did the order and then introduced me to the supervisor for business users.  He then explained the free seminars for business use, took my email and set me up for the next seminar.After two hours using the Ipad 3, I packaged up the Prime to return.  The Ipad3 just works.  No issues, no rebooting, no updates upon opening, I am getting 21mps wifi.  The screen really is amazing.  And tons of apps that work. Tons of apps made for a tablet.I really do not want to become a hacker to keep the Prime working.  With all the issues, I simply do not trust the Asus and the Prime to function.  I now read of all the issues with the year old OG Transformers, with dieing power buttons and the ICS update that bricked many units.Back with all ordering problems for the Prime, I gave Asus a break -- hey, the unit is popular.  I was perturbed with the reviewers here on Amazon that gave bad marks because of the botched up ordered process.  I thought that unfair, but not now.  The roll out of the Prime was an abomination for a consumer device from a major manufacturing company -- and it still goes on.The aluminum case of the Prime, in my opinion, is either a design flaw or faulty in-house testing standards / lack of real world testing.  Asus, to its credit, has done LOTS of work fixing the issue to get the wifi decent.  But, I really do not a product that was miss-designed and the manufacturer came up with a patch after patch after patch to get the wifi to be "decent."  Asus makes such great computer components: motherboards, video cards.  But those are commodities, not consumer products.  Judging by what I have read about issues with Asus laptops, I have come to the conclusion that the billion dollar computer parts manufacturing Asus really does not know how to design, manufacturer, roll-out and support consumer products.Yes, I know the TF700T is coming, eventually.  And Asus tacitly admitted the wifi gps issues by designing a new back.  But when the TF700t comes out is anyone's guess.  After the backlogs with OG Transformer, then the abysmal roll-out of the Prime, I for one do not have any faith in how and when Asus will handle the 700t.  AND, to be honest, I was pissed that Asus announced the 700T when I was still struggling to get a Prime, and then get it working.No, I did not drink the Apple Cool-aid. I am not in love with Apple, but I really like the Ipad3. It works, it looks good and I really could care less if anyone thinks I am cool for having one. In fact, I purposely stayed away from Apple because I did not want to be associated with the cool-aid drinking converts, zealots.  I do not like iPhones and think that my HTC EVO 4G is far superior.  Android does phones well.  While ICS is nice, it still has a way to go to be a smooth operating system on tablets. Philosophically, I love the idea of the open ecosystem of Android.  But, at this point, I would rather have the closed Apple system that works.Sorry to write so much, but I have spent hours reading the Amazon reviews since December on the Prime, looking for suggestions and guidance and solace.  No more.  I have invested so much time, energy and money on the Prime, that I needed to vent.  Good luck to those with the Prime and use it in good health.