Apple fans are loyal (almost to the point of being fanatic) and are a loveable enough lot but one that can get quite upset if one pans an Apple product.Believe it or not, I've come to praise the iPad 2 but with some modest reservations.I was an early adopter (standing on line the day it went on sale and patiently waiting for it for almost 5 hours).  Naturally, I was impressed at how quick and easy it was to use.  A lot of thought has gone into the product and it shows.  Instant on (I have the magnetic cover) is a bonus and the screen - large and crystal clear - is not so much a selling point but rather a "how to" example for other tablet manufacturers to follow.The Apple store in the meatpacking district of New York City has a qualified, and very friendly, staff who set the unit up for me while they answered my various questions. Considering that they had been doing this since 5 PM and it was now after 10, that is a lot of dedication for one staff!  The most amazing thing is: they were all quite proud of the iPad 2. It says a lot when the company employees are that loyal.And the iPad 2 deserves such praise.  The product is, in short, wonderful.  Light weight yet with a solid feel to it, I plan on taking mine to Europe shortly.  After you turn it on, the balance of the iPad 2 is self-explanatory.  From the opening screen of icons, the touch screen makes it almost too-easy to take the product that seriously. But it is a useful tool what with a Calendar, notebook, iPod, photo studio, etc. Naturally the much hearalded APP STORE is there and works fine and at a lightning speed.  Although I wonder about the "10 hour battery life" claim - it does manage to work long enough to please the most diligent of users.Where the iPad falls short is in the area of productivity.  Much discussed, and a sore point, is the lack of a USB port. In todays day and age, that is almost an unforgivable sin. I did get the hook up so I could download my pictures (it works too - and, again, it does it so fast and so effortlessly that it is a minor miracle). There is something almost childish in the decision not to include at least one USB port especially after the loud fracas that happened after the release of the first iPad.  FLASH is another sore point and, frankly, one that I don't understand. There is some conflict going on with the world of APPLE and flash so we don't have it. This makes it very difficult to surf the web. Safari is quick but without flash, it misses one of its major components. Again, and this is just my feeling, this is something that could have been corrected quite easily - starting a year ago with the original.  Now, the iPad 2 (and the original version, I'm sure) can still do quite an amazing amount of work without these two features but as they are considered standard, it is a puzzle as to why the iPad 2 did not have both of them installed.  Also, the lack of a port decreases the iPad's place in the workforce. How can you install, let's say, OFFICE MAC?  The system can print (via Bluetooth) so it could be used as an Office-on-the-run (held landscape, the keyboard is quite easy to do some very fast typing upon - one could produce an awful lot of work on it but . . . without a CD drive to install programs, it makes it difficult).Other than that, the unit is nothing short of brilliant. Reading books on it is a pleasure (in most cases the iPad 2 is lighter than a paperback so that is saying a lot) and the wide assortment of apps makes it a standard tool that nearly everybody should own.