When it comes to deciding on a computer or anything else more than $20 bucks, I tend to be cautious.  Even more so with something close to $500...  I compared the Lenovo to the Ipad, the Acer and Acus models, and finally went with this for the following factors: Most of my international friends trust Lenovo over Acer and Acus.  Also, it has the ability to change batteries, and use USB directly, as well as have a real Keyboard, which isn't a part of Ipad.  And for all the I-pad bells and whistles, its not really all that great for typing. I'm old school. when I'm not typing, my fingers rest on the keys... even occasionally tapping lightly while I'm thinking. On an Ipad, I'll have a whole line of nnnnnnnnnnnn or whatever.when I ordered it, I also got the 2GB upgrade for memory (Kingston) and upgrade package for Windows home premium.  It wasn't all that difficult to upgrade the memory. there's a few micro screws, but it snaps off and back on pretty well. The memory just pops out. And I had no problems upgrading to Home premium Windows 7 using my wireless connection. Again, no problems with that either.Now for the usage.  Its fine for me. The more I get used to the touch screen, the more I wonder how I got around without it.  I'm not perfect with it. There's still the problem of my big finger not hitting the X close button precisely, but combine that with the smaller touch pad's precision, and it's a great combo.The included programs are hit or miss. Natural touch took a little tooling, but I think I have it under control now. and I decided not to use the lenovo ready go program because its full of adware. I just don't need any of it cause I don't use wireless all the time.the keyboard is fine for me, and I hardly notice much difference between it and a full size on my other computer.  Windows 7 seems much easier to use than Vista, so I have less problems finding the program I want easily without using lots of energy on wasted animation.With the 2GB Memory, I have no problem with Kindle, or movies or streaming. I can't exactly play World of Warcraft or other big games, but I didn't buy it for the game potential, but for the word processing and transportation ability.  The 8 cell battery it comes with is a little big, but as another reviewer said, it's a find handle when you use it for a book reader, etc.  I love the long battery life. I can use it off and on, and play videos or type away for hours. For example, my flight from Chicago to Tokyo was 12 hours, and I used it most of the trip for typing, plus I played a video for my daughter, and even a Dora game for her.  Typically, I only need to charge it once every 2 days, and keep it in sleep mode (just shutting the lid) when not in use.I'm sure if you are looking for a reasonably priced alternative to the I-pad which will actually allow you to type something without hurting your neck or your wallet, then this is a great choice.