I bought this refurbished for $130 from another website. Unfortunately it was locked in demo mode so I had to exchange it,but they didn't have any left in stock.One very important thing I want to say is that don't think the tablet is dead if it doesn't turn on when you get.I thought mine was dead at first, but apparently the software doesn't let it turn on if the battery is drainedto less than 10 or 20%. It takes about 2 hours to charge it to get it to 20%. Some people have also said thatthe battery dies when you drain it completely... that's because lithium ion batteries aren't like alkalinebatteries and it's not good to completely discharge them.PROSThis is using original operating system version 1.0.7 Bundle 2942 that came with it, not eventhe latest 2.0.1 Bundle 358 update.-Comes with Word, Excel, and PowerPoint preinstalled. I'm not sure how useful this would be for professionalssince the tablet doesn't have 3G, but if you have a Blackberry phone and use the bridge, it seems like it could be very useful.-Browser has only crashed twice using it for about 3 hours a day for 10 days. Not bad at all. Once it crashesyou can turn it back on immediately.-I easily had 5 tabs open in the browser, 2 of them videos but didn't try more. The 1Gb of ram helps a lot with multitasking.-Amazing Wifi: Browser confirmed download speed of 100 KBPS compared to 80KBPS on both desktops and a laptop whichI thought was pretty strange. The browser must have have a built in download accelerator or somethingbut I'm pretty sure my internet shouldn't go faster than 80kbps. I always have full connection.- 3.5-4 minutes/1% battery when watching videos, 5.5-6 minutes/1% whenbrowsing/listening to music, apparently 4- 4.2 minutes if just reading and brightness at 50%The brightness at 10-30% is more than enough. When I set it to 100% it literally hurts my eyes it's so bright.-OS 2.0 apparently lets you download a lot of android apps.-Amazing screen, some things look like they're 3-d. More than sufficient brightness, super black blacks,no dead pixels,very even brightness. The resolution is also very good, both text and video are super crisp.-Great touchscreen responsiveness, pinch to zoom features, and hold a link to right click.-Very stiff case, it's very hard to twist-Thin and light, doesn't get hot, not more than 90 to 100 Fahrenheit-The keyboard is amazing, and the size of the tablets lets me type with both fingers even in landscape mode,although that wouldn't be comfortable for a long period of time-True multitasking with the UNIX based Blackberry OS, unlike IOS and other operating systems.You can leave the camera on, a game on in the background, music on, all while browsing the internet.-Good weight, feels solid but not too heavy at all-Can bridge with Blackberry smart phones (I haven't used this feature).-Pretty decent speakers, can get pretty loud.CONS-Biggest con for me is that the Blackberry desktop software just doesn't work. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling at least 5 times,but it never downloads over 60%. If you try to upload on the tablet directly it also cuts off, saying the internet connectionmight have been interrupted but it hadn't been. Most download managers would automatically pause if the wifi got disconnected,not start completely over again. Very annoying.-Takes 3-5 seconds to switch from portrait to landscape mode once you rotate it, not a big deal for me though-Takes 60 to 80 seconds (average 65) to turn on if off for more than 30 minutes. The good thingis it's functional immediately after it turns on.-15 increments of volume adjustment, but I always felt like it was too quiet or too loud (with headphones on) I have very sensitive ears though.-Most camera pics look grainy, white light pics look much less grainy though. When you upload the pics to your computerthere'll be a lot of pixels, but a lot of them are just noise.-When the battery is charged to 90 to 95% capacity it takes a very long time to charge to 100- about 1 hour from 90 to 100Once above 20% it takes 3 to 4 hours to fully charge. 2 hours from 0-20%-Only 13.4 GBs of usable space, but my whole music collection is about 5 GBs and I don't plan on putting a lot of movies on the tablet.-Can't expand memory because of no SD card slot.Overall, for me, the pros dramatically outweigh the cons.This is the review that convinced me to buy this: check out the review on notebookcheck dot netI pretty much agree with everything stated here.One tip I have is to charge the battery to around 95% and only let it drain to 70%. This maximizes the life of the battery. For me, this gave about2 to 3 hours of time between charges. This is because of the nature of the lithium ion battery in the tablet.Search lithium ion batteries at batteryuniversity dot com