The reviews of this tablet list so many positive reactions.  I concur with all of them.  The tablet is very nicely done for the cost.  The manufacturer has placed plenty of thought into the construction, components, screen, and other decision making factors involved in developing this product.  Writing another positive review seems redundant, though my excitement really wants to vent.Here are the questions and concerns I had when ordering, hoping they will answer your questions too.1. The tablet took only four days to get here, and yes I ordered during the holidays (week before thanksgiving to be exact).2. The tablet fits nicely into cases designed for the first generation iPads, take your pick on what you like. I took it down to Best-Buy to try it out and see what it fits in.  The cases designed for the older iPads seemed to be perfect.3. Order the screen protector by searching for: POSRUS Antiglare Antifingerprint Screen Protector for Le Pan TC 970, they have it here on Amazon.  It fits perfect.4. It works on the WiFi in my home anywhere in the house, the garage, and on the front terraces. Using a cheap Belkin N router and access point I picked up for less than 40 dollars. I've heard that the devices have better range on Infrastructure networks as opposed to ad-hoc networks, so this might make a difference in the range.  It also works at the McDonald's Wifi, and Starbucks WiFi at the BN bookstore by my house without any problems at all.5. The viewing ratio is perfect for reading books and viewing PDF's.  I am a student, and I read lots of textbooks.  It does a great job with this.  I almost don't want to give it to my son now for Christmas.  Might have to order another one for Dad.6. Yes the screen is a capacitive multi-touch screen.  It works great, and it is very responsive, actually impressive.  It is also very accurate.  The resistive screen on other tablets I've used I felt lucky if I was even close to typing what I wanted.It meets all my expectations, even after ordering it and searching for the couple days afterward for a better deal, I could not find one with this multi-touch screen and viewing ratio near the price I was willing to pay, which was under $225 ($250 including S&H;).Student Note:  If you are thinking of getting this for reading textbooks, it does work great, the 4:3 ratio is better than the widescreen.  It is not very heavy to hold for hours of homework reading, and I recommend getting a small arrowhead type stand (around $15 anywhere including Amazon and Wal-Mart) as it is perfect sitting next to the computer monitor while working on homework.Note about Manufacturer:  The manufacturer lists multiple ways to get hold of them, they answer emails and questions very promptly, and are genuinely eager to help.Note about Skype:  The microphone works, and so does the chat and screen share.  Video does not because of a Skype limitation with Android 2.2.  However there are alternatives that do work.  (oovoo and fring I've been told work, but I have not tried them yet.) !!! Update on Skype !!! Try the new Skype download, it was supposed to fix this limitation with the OS, I already got my Skype working with a modified version.  Search for Modified Skype for Android Froyo and the tablet name, you'll find the download :)Suggestions:  Order a 32gb Micro SD card with it.  (32 is the max it takes, I am sure a 16 or 8 would be fine too...)I searched for one whole week on so many websites I went blind, with my wife glaring at me for the amount of time I spent searching.  This was a great deal, and now having received the tablet (while still searching online at others waiting for it to arrive), I truly feel it was the right and best purchase for me, or um my son's Christmas present... going to have to order another one.UPDATE AFTER USING A LOT! 11/30/2011The one thing that popped up after some heavy use with the tablet over this past week and playing around with all that Android has to offer... this tablet does not have a USB port.  I was able to order an adapter though for the charger cable that is USB female to female, and I will try that out when it gets here.  The power cable has a standard size USB end on one end, and a proprietary connector for charging on the other end, my hope is that with the adapter, I can add that little functionality to it.  The ability to use the USB to play movies would be an outstanding bonus, taking that little micro SD card in and out is just not as easy as USB.  Even with that little need, I am still 100% satisfied about the product.