Overall I'm quite happy with this product, but i'll go over the few things that i had some concerns with out of the box and other concerns i had over time playing with it.  First off, i was acting like a little school boy waiting day by day for the tablet to come in the mail, and although amazon had a estimated delivery almost a clear month from my purchase date, it actually took 8 business days for me.  When i got it, and opened up the box and held it for the first time i was quite impressed with how it felt.  It feels like a well made quality piece of equipment.  So what's next?  Plug it in, allowed it some time to charge, and then get this thing going.  It turned on without any issues and brought me to the home screen.  Now finally, i get my chance to see how well it responds.  If you use your finger, you will without a doubt be disappointed as it doesn't respond unless you use your fingernail or a stylus.  Luckily, a stylus comes with the tablet and has a handy place to store it right in the top left corner of the tablet.  Therefore, with that bit of information you can conclude that the screen is a resistive screen and not capacitive which means no multi-touch.  As far as responsiveness, i would have to say that you get your moneys worth.  I will, however, say that sometimes it feels like it is going slow, as i'm sure when it's trying to run 2 or more tasks at once, everything begins to get slower.  Wifi was extremely easy to set up, and only took me about 2 minutes to get that going and working on the tablet.My other issue with it out of the box is that the systems firmware is only updated to .1001.  Anything i own, i really like to keep updated, but getting this tablet updated was not as easy as i thought it would be.  I found three different ways to upgrade the tablet with help from the internet.  The first and easy two i tried did not work for my tablet.  I had to flash with a usb cable connected to my laptop and it took me a couple hours to really learn and understand how to do it properly.  After the upgrade which brings the firmware to .1170, i can say that the system seemed faster by maybe 15%-20%.  Since the upgrade, i've downloaded apps and games galore.  Most of which on both of those categories work just fine, but the few that do not work throw you for a loop.  For instance there was a game i installed that involved the g-sensor of the unit, but the game has a calibration setting, but it was really messed up as when i tilted forward it thought i was tilting left, and when i tilted backwards, it went right.  After a few days of thinking my g-sensor was installed up-side down, i played another game which used the g-sensor and it worked flawless.  So obviously, not ALL apps and games are perfect or compatible with this unit.Reading in the dark with this tablet is really nice, and being able to adjust the brightness is also a plus.  However, on that note, in just about any kind of sun-light, the tablet is quite difficult to see.  Because i use this tablet in my house where for the most part it will stay, it's not a big deal.  But for anyone thinking they can have it in their care driving around during the day time probably will not be very happy.  My last note i have about the tablet is that i had a small cosmetic issue, and i contacted costumer service about it, and they really listened to my problem and wanted to fix any issues i had.  It was really nice speaking with the customer service department, and if i was truly not happy with the small cosmetic issue, they would have worked out a replacement with me.  So now in conclusion after using this device, i am actually growing more and more happy with it.  Most things work really well, and my only real gripe is that it is a resistive screen and not capacitive, but what do you expect for at $230?  So in the end, with the price and all the things i get to do on my couch or anywhere in my house, I have to say that it is very deserving of 4 of 5 stars.