Wow is all I can say about this device. The first thing  noticed from opening the box is the built quality. It is superb. It is very sturdy and had a nice heft to it while you are holding it. It only had four buttons (screen lock,home, volume rocker, and screen orientation lock). It fits very nicely in your hands and is made from very high quality materials. I would definently recommend a case though because if you drop it then you are screwed.The screen on this thing is amazing. Watching movies is a pleasure. I have a couple 720p movies on here and they look absolutely fantastic. Normal definition movies also look very nice. The bad side to the screen though is it gets many fingerprints. They are not very easy to wipe off but with a lightly damped cloth they come off easily and the screen looks brand new.The internet browsing is very fast on this. Pages load quicker than my net book. The multi touch is great when needing to zoom in. You can have numerous web pages up at once. For some reason though every no and then the Internet starts to preform very slowly but fixes itself after a couple of minutes, but this is most likely my router causing this. Typing is very good and I got adjusted to it easily. I prefer typing in landscape because it is easier as in portrait mode it is a little awkward. By the way this whole review is being typed on the iPad without the Bluetooth keyboard attachment. The lack of flash player is not a big letdown to me because YouTube still works fine and I do not go on many flash websites.The speakers on this are very good. They are surprisingly loud but the sound quality is not lost much when cranked up all the way. When played at normal volumes or through headphones you will be amazed at how well they preform. The only problem is when you start to turn up the volume the device starts to vibrate a bit, but it is most likely no big deal.The apps are very good. Gaming is great, although most of the good games you have to pay for. They're are a couple good free games like tap tap radiation and air hockey but besides that not many. Some good paid games I would recumbent are x-plane, nova, real racing, touchgrind, need for speed, and plants vs zombies. Although these games are great they come at a cost. All of them combined are over 50 dollars. These games though will keep you entertained for hours and most are redisigned for the iPad while adding new features. Also they're are many good apps ranging from some similar to word to others for keeping baseball box score. One very creative app I enjoy is magic piano which is very fun to play around with. There are also apps like netflix and abc player which are very cool also.The battery life is insane. It lasts forever. I have gotten 9-10 hours on this with extremely heavy use. This includes hours of YouTube videos and playing very graphic intensive games like x-plane and real racing. Video playback time will easily be 13-14 hours at half brightness.It take about 3-4 hours to completely charge it. And also right out of the box it comes completely charged.The Only cons would have to be-Fingerprint magnet-Lack of flash( but only a con for some)-Apps are expensive and not many good free ones-Connection problems(but most likely only my router)-Apps take up a lot of memoryI would recommend getting the 32 or 64 gb version(like mine) because memory on this will become very limited with 16 gb. Most apps or games are between 100-200 mb.Also adding movies and songs will take up a lot of memory. My iPad had over 25 movies and more than 120 episodes of family guy,  more than 400 songs, and with about 20 apps and games installed and it takes up about 40 gb of space. I would also not recommend buying movies from iTunes as they are very expensive and take up more space. A normal 2 hour movie is 10 dollars and takes up 1.5gb of space so download them online for more space saving.