My Kindle Fire arrived a few days after the product release date, but I waited until now to write the review. What can I say, the past seven months with this great little device has changed my life. Or at least the way I consume media and use social media. I ordered one for both me and my husand. (he's a guy who said he didn't need a stupid tablet) Neither one of us has put the Kindle Fire down since it arrived.No, it is not an iPad. But that's not what this device is intended to be. It is a nice, reasonably priced device for consuming media. I've found it to be reliable and enjoyable. I purchased the Amazon Prime and found it to be worth the price. I made that back in what I saved on shipping Christmas gifts.1. Books - Great reader. Super fast and easy as ever to buy books from Amazon. There is an almost endless supply of free e-books of classics and new authors, plus you can borrow from libraries and there is an Amazon Prime lending library for those who purchase prime. It features newer books tht stay on your device until you borrow another one and they are "returned."  I find that books that feature multiple color images are much better when they apps instead of just pictures of the book. Love how kids' books work on here, especially things like the Charlie Brown Christmas App and Peter Rabit. Still, it is a lit screen and not as easy on the eyes and the e-ink reader.2. Graphic novels and comics - one of the reasons I wanted a Kindle Fire, this feature works well, even with a small screen. There were some glitches in reading the graphic novels at first, but an update took care of it. I have read graphic novels purchased through Amazon and through the ree Comixology App. Because of the size of the screen, they use a guided reading process that highlights and enlarges parts of the screen, but it works fine.3. Apps - Kindle Fire offers a free app of the day and there are some delightful things in there. But whether they are free of paid apps, I find the apps available in the Kindle App store work just fine. I use the Facebook, Twitter and several game apps and I think they work fine. I've enjoyed using the touch screen for drawing programs. I do most of my social media from my Kindle now.4. Video. The Amazon Prime video selection is pretty good. A lot of my favorite TV shows and movies as well some gems like old episodes of Julia Child. The video playback is smooth and I've never had any problems.5. Web - for the most part the web is super fast. The Silk browser really moves and I've seldoom found a site that doesn't work well. Pinch and zoom makes it easy to move in on what you need. Pictures and videos display very well.6. Magazines - the Kindle Newsstand feature intrigued me. I am not a huge fan of the magazines that are just color pictures of the magazine like Rachael Ray. They can be problematic to read. Magazines that have apps work wonderfully well. Bon Appetit is especially well done. But I hate that I have to have a paper suscription to use the app. The whole idea was to go paperless. Do check the description of the magazine. Some like National Geographic limit e-editions to only one image per article. Really? The photos are kind of the point, people.  Also be careful with enhanced books and make sure they are designed for the Kindle. Some are only optomized for an iPad. Learned that the hard way.7. Music - Music plays smoothly from my Amazon cloud. Though I'm still more apt to use an MP3 player.8. Documents - document transfer was pretty easy using the e-mail address that Amazon supplies.There is no camera - but I prefer to use the camera with my phone for snapping photos, though I guess this is a drawback if you wanted to video chat on your Kindle. I'd just use my phone.No USB port, so you will have to e-mail documents and images to yourself if you want to move them to a computer.All in all, very satisfied.