I would like to preface by saying I own the Kindle Keyboard and the Kindle Touch and I was so happy with their performance I took the jump and purchased the Kindle Fire and was not disappointed. I did not buy the Fire right away because I was unsure if it would fit my lifestyle. I loved my Kindle e-readers because I wanted something I could read books with - and the Kindle e-readers excel amazingly at that. However, I gave in to my desire to try out a tablet and I am satisfied with the Kindle Fire.First and foremost, the Kindle Fire is not an iPad and shouldn't really be compared to it in most cases. The Fire is best compared to B&N;'s Nook Tablet. I did consider buying the Nook Tablet, however I am a loyal Amazon customer and already have a good deal of Amazon content and it made the best sense to buy the Fire over the Nook Tablet. Where the Fire should be compared to the iPad is what you expect from your tablet. I wanted something small with access to the internet and my Kindle books and something I could stream my netflix movies from. I don't need 3G since I am always around WiFi so for my lifestyle, the Kindle Fire is my best option. The price was perfect for what I expected to receive. Of course I could buy an iPad for $500+ and love how beautiful it is, but my reality is that the iPad is too big and too expensive to justify purchasing.The Fire is, in my opinion, sleek and beautifully designed - when I look at the Fire I see it is ready for me to use it. Some people have complained about the lack of buttons - like a volume button or a home screen button, but that is not a detraction for me. I have also read about the power button being placed where it is easy to accidentally turn off - this is not a problem for me because I use my Fire in landscape 99% of the time. However I would like to see the power button moved on later models since that seems to be the running consensus.The picture quality is beautiful, I constantly remind myself I am looking at something on a 7 inch screen and it looks better than my new laptop's screen. I have had a great experience with the touchscreen - it is responsive and not too sensitive where I annoy myself with constant mistakes. I have noticed that some people prefer to have a tablet with more storage than the 8 gigs (or 6 gigs user assessable) the Fire offers, however with the Amazon cloud I do not look at that number and shudder. All of my Amazon content will always be safely stored on the cloud so it is not an issue for me. I will say that I would like to see an sd card option, like the Nook Tablet. I think it would be easier to side load user content that is not from Amazon.The Silk browser was a little slow at first, but I couldn't tell if it was the Fire or my WiFi (I have notoriously wacky WiFi sometimes). Over a week after purchase, however, I feel the browser has caught up with me and understands what I am looking for and anticipates my browsing. I love that I can use tabbed browsing and go back and forth between screens often. The layout of the home screen is very functional and I have had no problems with the carousel or the "book case" of favorite apps.Speaking of apps, I know there is complaint that Amazon has yet to deliver substantial applications to run on the Fire, however for me - all I need are simple apps - a calculator, angry birds, some news apps and netflix. Hopefully, the app department grows as the Amazon Fire community grows. Apple did not have all their current apps right away - so the apps will grow as the user-base grows.My complaints are that the email app is not up to par with what I expect, so I just log onto my gmail account using the silk browser. Also, the photo app is abysmal - however I do not need to use it so I am not too disappointed. But Amazon should ensure that all programs that come pre-installed on the Fire are 1. easy to use 2. runs well and 3. do not suck.I love my Kindle Fire, it has everything I need in a tablet - internet browsing, email, my amazon content, and netflix. Before buying any tablet, be it the Fire the iPad or any of the other droid tablets, think about what you want to use it for. Do you really want to spend over $200 on something just to check facebook and email or watch videos? I didn't, and I am more than happy with my purchase.