I bought the white 16GB ipad during the black friday deals on the apple page, for around 450 plus tax, so hardly cheaper than on Amazon now.I did buy this for my parents, based on reviews. All reviews agree on the following: 1) the ipad is still the best tablet around and 2) it is the easiest to use. Well, both statements are wrong. Since so much has been said already on the ipad let me get straight to the issues:- Being an android user (phone-wise) I got so used to the back button. On the ipad there is no such thing. If you push home, you get straight to home screen. If you want to go back one stap within an app, touch the screen and search and search for "back" on the screen. It is very inefficient. Also when installing multiple apps from the market you have to go back and forth several times.- The screen resolution is too low. Webpages do not look as good as on other tablets. While 4:3 format makes some sense, given that you use it also in portrait, the low resolution looks just outdated. Ok, I knew that before, but I did not expect it to be as disturbing.- Google. Apple fights its war with google to the disadvantage of consumers. No Picasa integration! Seriously, this is just poitics! They want to take control over you, so you are not supposed to use google sevices. You will also miss other google apps if you know android.- No official google talk! Say goodbye to you android using friends.- Amazon. They had to circumvent Apples policy using a web app for their services. Just because they want to force you into itunes. Once you are in itunes, you are forced into buying apple products forever. Why give up the freedom of choice? Lets say apple products were getting worse and in 5 years all your money is in itunes items. Do you want that? Hell, no. If you buy music with Amazon you remain independent of the hardware provider at least. The ipad is a mere retail channel (like the kindle fire, only more expensive). It does not give you freedom like galaxy tab.- USB. No real port. Ok, buy the adapter. 30 bucks. Find out it serves only 20mah. So it is not USB, as it is not following the standard which 100. It is disfunctional! You need workarounds.- The whole device is about workarounds. Apps. Paid apps! Apple earns on programms that give you DLNA, THE STANDARD to stream movies to your tv. Or they earn on making you buy the apple tv box. But Apple just ignores and established standard.- Antitrust, where are you? Microsoft would have been sued to death for what apple is doing here!!!- File access. Forget it. This is again about workarounds. Dropbox etc. Well, but I wanted this for my parents. Supposed to be easy, but IT IS NOT. It is f difficult to find all the f workarounds. To start actually working with this.Conclusion. Decent pad to surf with nonflash browser. Bound to apple channels for buying digital stuff, basically a retail access you are paying for. Imagine paying your supermarket just for being there. Everything else is disfunctional, not following standards, locking you in, making you search for workarounds and thereby stealing your time. It is NOT EASY to use, compared with android.Get something else. Not the ipad.