Let me start this by saying the people comparing this to an iPad are either here for the sole purpose of talking up their iPad, or are just misunderstanding the intended audience of the Kindle Fire.Ignoring the price point would be silly, as the price point should give some indication as to what to expect from the Fire. It is NOT a full blown tablet, nor do I believe it was intended to be. This is clearly a e-reader/tablet hybrid designed to mix a little bit of both worlds for a funcational tablet to serve the masses.People are also complaining about things that with a little bit of reading they would have realized a lot sooner. The product clearly states it is wi-fi only. So that fact you are putting 'OMG NO 3G' as a con and acting surprised either leads me to believe you are here to just talk down on the Kindle, or you lack the intelligence to actually read product specifications before making a purchase.With that rant out of there, here are my thoughts on the Kindle Fire:Pros:Display is clear and crisp. I thoroughly enjoy watching videos on this device. It's just the right size to make it practical when traveling and moving about without being awkward.The build design and quality of the build is great. A lot of people have complained about the button being on the bottom and accidentally hitting it. This has not been a problem for me, as I am aware the button is on the bottom and thus I do not hit it, even accidentally.The OS is responsive and fast. Sure there are some occasional hiccups, but this stuff will get ironed out as more updates are released. It's current state is fully operable for me and I have not had any problems with the functions of the OS.Because the screen is so crips and clear, it makes reading on it quite pleasant. Sure, reading on bright white background with black text could certainly irritate your eyes after a while. Fortunately you can adjust the background and text color. I personally like the black w/ white text. I have read for an extended period without eye strain. The beige is also nice and quite comforting. It looks like you are reading paper, albeit illuminated paper.Cons:This isn't a problem for me, because I quickly found instructions online to enable sideloading of apps, and if you are saavy enough you can root the Kindle Fire and get native Google apps functionin on the Kindle (Gmail, etc.) But it would be nice if the Kindle Fire supported more apps or worked with Google on getting support in for their native apps on this device. Not everyone is fluent with technology and may not be comfortable with sideloading apps and certainly not rooting their device.External volume rocker or buttons would be nice.HDMI port would be nice.All things considered (price, target audience, etc) I don't really have any other issues with the Fire, and adding in things like a HDMI port or GPS would increase build costs which would then force Amazon to raise the price. Would I pay $50 more if it had the above features? Probably. But some wouldn't. Amazon is just about losing money on the Fire as is (banking on Fire users investing in Amazon Prime, etc. to make up the dollars).