After reading all the hype about the quad core cpu, awesome speed, and how this is the best tablet to hit the markets, I've had to return mine today. Basically the software does not live up to the hardware specs. Basically what I found was:- Reboot problems: With each firmware updates from Asus, the stability of the tablet has been getting worse and worse. Until finally, after the Feb 20th update, the device would not stay on for more than 30 minutes. I'm not sure if this is an Asus problem or a Google Android problem, but it basically made my table unusable. I would turn on the tablet, and after visiting a few websites (such as amazon.com) the device would reboot. The final straw that broke my back and caused me to return it was I was on the lock screen, slide the lock to open ... and reboot!- Wifi: wifi worked but reception seemed to be very poor in my house. Basically I could only use the device on the same floor where my wifi router was located, anything else, and watching video would not work cleanly. All my other devices have no problem with wifi reception.- GPS: While I would not be using this as a GPS navigation device, the GPS basically would not work.- Speed: I would have thought with a quad core CPU that the device would be fast. But most of the time it could not keep up with my typing speed. Type in a search on Amazon.com and i could complete my search phrase before the first few characters appeared. Waiting for the device to reboot also seemed to take forever.- Crash: the browser would constantly crash on me. Browse Amazon.com ... crash, watch Bloomberg TV ... crash, read Google news ... crash. Basically the browser was not usable, and when trying to use the new Google chrome, because of its lack of support for flash, also not usable.I did not purchase it to play games, but basically to perform business tasks, email, web browsing, watching Bloomberg online TV, but I found myself waiting to see what I was typing, or waiting for it to reboot. It reminded me back of the days of the blue screen of death with Windows, but even worse, at least with Windows I could use a Windows PC for more than 30 minutes without it rebooting.Again, not sure if this is a Google Android issue or Asus firmware/hardware issue, but either way, rather than wasting my time to learn the answer to that question, I decided to return my tablet and find a better alternative.While I am no fan of Apple's closed system, I have used my wife's iPad2 and I have to admit that the software and hardware work much better on her iPad2 than on this device.Comparing both's usefulness:- Boot times seem to be much quicker on the iPad2, boot up is at least twice as fast on the iPad2- Reboot: I have yet to hear of my wife's iPad2 rebooting- Speed: Everything operates much more smoothly on the iPad2- Crashes: I have yet to use my wife's iPad2 and have the browser crash on me.So the fine print on this device should read, "use at your own risk". The hardware specs may be awesome, but combine that with software that does not work, and you've basically got an unusable device that you'll be wasting your time with.