Like most, I've been smitten by the iPad since it was released about two years ago. I couldn't justify purchasing it for the longest time because I couldn't figure out how to work it into my technology regime. It's not computer enough to replace my Macbook Pro, and it's not phone enough to replace my iPhone 4 (not the 4S) running 5.0.1. When you factor in the price, I just couldn't convince myself that the iPad was something I couldn't live without.Then the iPad 2 comes out: front- and rear-facing cameras were new, so I could use the iPad for face-timing my mom 14 hours away, but it was essentially still something halfway between a computer and an iPhone.Finally I came to a point where I could spare the $600+ dollars to purchase the cheapest iPad 2 capable of connecting to at&t;'s 3G wireless service. I ordered this iPad on January 18 and just received it yesterday, so keep in mind I've only had this thing for one day.Immediately, I can see how the iPad 2 may come off as seductive; essentially, it's a ginormous screen surrounded by a thin frame of black or white (depends on which color your purchase--I bought white) with a single button. There's no denying that it's sexy. When you turn it on (after plugging it into iTunes and completing the necessary setup) you're blown away by the crisp screen--though it's not yet on par with the Retina display of the iPhone 4 and 4S, it's a luscious screen and only the seasoned 'techie' would notice this slight inferiority. The iPad 2's screen is still better than most if not all its competition.Apple also has a leg-up on its competition with the easy integration with iTunes. If your like me and you bought the iPad 2 to simply be what it is: an iPad, somewhere in between a computer and an iPhone--then you likely won't be filling your iPad 2's limited storage with your entire music library. I opted to sync with only my recently played music, top played music, recently added music, and a few recent playlist I've made, which I'll probably replace with newer playlists as they're made. I did sync with a fair amount of the same apps that I have on my iPhone, a handful of movies, none of my ringtones (what would I use them for?) and ended up using about 9GB of the 16GB available on the iPad 2 model I purchased. And in all actuality, after the firmware files and other junk Apple puts on their products, only about 13-14GB of the 16 are available to use out of the box.As expected, web browsing and email are where the iPad 2 shines. It's very smooth, the screen shows side-screens and sub-menus simultaneously, which really makes this thing quick to use. I used a Best Buy gift card I received for Christmas to purchase Apple's aluminum wireless keyboard to connect to my iPad 2 via Bluetooth and, although the keyboard makes me occasionally reach over for a mouse (you must still use the touch-screen mechanism despite having an actual keyboard), typing is a DREAM on here now! Facebook is also very fun to use with the keyboard setup versus the onscreen keyboard or even using the Facebook app on my iPhone. Don't get me wrong, the onscreen keyboard of the iPad 2 is very usable, but I find with a screen as large as the iPad 2's, I'd prefer having an actual keyboard so as to utilize as much of the screen as possible for web browsing, emailing, Facebooking, and anything else.I wish Apple would make it more clear that for at&t; 3G models, the SIM card is not included and will need to be purchased separately. I haven't gotten around to going to my local at&t; store to pick one up, so I'm not too sure how much a SIM card will cost.All things considered, so far I'd say I'm happy that I purchased the iPad 2. It's only receiving 4 of the 5 stars because, although I'm very comfortable with using it and definitely see myself using it on a daily basis, it hasn't replaced any of my other electronics. In all actuality, it's become another separate electronic device that I've incorporated into my routine for its own purposes. The 4 of 5 stars also reflects the price; I understand that you 'get what you pay for' (which is definitely the case for the iPad 2, as it outperforms the competition on every aspect except price), but for a product to ADD to your routine rather than to REPLACE or SIMPLIFY, I think the price could come down just slightly. Even a difference of $50 might be enough to lure in some hesitant customers.