I ordered this tablet about 2 days ago and I enjoy it a lot. It's probably the best purchase I've made without spending a lot of cash. Although many will shun Coby because it's not as well known and make the assumption that cheap things are not good, I would like to give this internet tablet a 4/5. Within' the 2 days I've used it, I guarantee that I will be buying accessories like screen protectors and warranty to protect it as I believe it is worth it. Feature wise - it's really good but can be debatable. I guess below are my pros and cons of this tablet.Pros:-Great price (Around $150)-Great quality (Very durable frame, not some cheap plastic)-Decent touchscreen (It's a resistive touch but is much more sensitive then most)-Runs the Google Android 2.1 OS-Decently fast (Despite the fact that it only is a 800Mhz processor)-Amazingly good battery life (You can max out almost 7-8 hours, depending on what you use it for)-Very nice size (7" so it can fit in my hand but not too big)-Very nice weight (Feels like the weight of a book)-Comes with a hard-case for your tablet to protect it, headphones, a stylus, and all the USB cables you need.-An attention/conversation starter ;) (Being on book size and running a computer like interface and touchscreen, people asked me a lot about what it was)Cons:-Doesn't have a webcam however the update MID7025 that will be released in March will have one with the Android 2.2 or 2.3 OS-Only supports up to 16GB MicroSD Card (Despite the fact there is a 32GB)-Kinda slow if you don't install the TasKiller app-Instead of the Google Apps store, it has AppLibs, a similar app store, but very low on selection. The only way to bypass this is to root it. Rooting can be very risky but despite that fact, normal users can live with the apps avaliable to them.-Here and there, there is a flash problem loading correctly on some sites. Some people say that it won't load at all, however, I found a way to work around it. You can either install an app or use the SDK if your more familiar with developing programs.-Not as much accessories for it but a way to work around it is to get cases and screen protectors in the same size as your tablet.Overall:The Coby Kyros MID7015 is a great internet tablet for a great price. Most start around $150 so you don't have to bust your pocket for an iPad. There's not many restrictions with this Android tablet, other than the 16GB max support and unavailability of Google App store. However, people who are tech savy will find this tablet a great product if they will overclock the processor, root the tablet, and install Google Apps.With a great frame and sensitive resistive touch screen, most people will find this comparable with the iPad. You can almost do everything on the tablet as you can on the iPad - read books, go on the internet, watch videos, listen to music, play games, and more. The only problem in comparison with the iPad is that the iPad usually comes with a 3G internet plan, therefore, increases the price. If you have a WiFi hotspot or even those thin Wireless 3G routers, you can cut costs left and right compared to the iPad.All and all. This is a great tablet for the price. For those who rant on Amazon rankings about this tablet, don't set your expectation to the sky. If I had $50 more, I would definitely buy a warranty plan on it, instead of getting a better one with the Android system. There's not as much as I can as this is a great tablet, and I definitely intend to keep it for a year or so.