First of all, the over all design is excellent. The ergonomics are excellent, Sony really stands out from the crowd on this.The screen is great, sharp, bright, just as you would expect from Sony.I don't really have anything else to compare it to, but the speed seems to be very good.I don't have much experience as far as the technical specs in comparison to other units, so all I can say is there doesn't seem to be any issues or faults here.They've released the upgrade to Ice Cream Sandwich, so it's completely up to date with the operating system.Now the issues;Battery life, I'm guessing 5-6 hours of constant use.  Not as good as I was expecting, or has they say it can do. If the battery could be removed and charged separately and be able to carry a spare, I'd have no issues with the battery life, but this doesn't give that option.With the SD card, you have to transfer any files from and to the card into the units storage, you can't access files directly.  This really limits the convenience here. When I back it up, I can't backup right to the SD card. If the unit dies again, I not only lose everything set up, but my backups will be inaccessible also, so either I have to backup on line, or transfer to the card after every backup.This has a proprietary charger. They aren't cheap, and it's very bulky, the adapter is bulky, 1"* 1 1/2"* 3".  For an ultra portable device, this is a pain if you want to carry a spare charger with a small sleeve or case for the tablet. Also, you can't charge thru the USB port.The charger clips to the tablet held in by a couple of small plastic tabs, rather then plugging into the unit.  I wonder how long before it breaks.  I'm waiting for one of the little tabs to break. The connector is sticks out almost an inch, a couple inches wide. This can be annoying when using it while charging it.Sony doesn't make a car charger, you'll need to get an inverter. After being out over a year, and with all the comments about this, you would think Sony would listen.The rear camera doesn't have a flash.  This is my first tablet so I should have done more homework, but this is something many competitors have, and this tablet isn't cheap, you would think they would try to match as many features of similarly priced tablets as possible.There is no haptic feedback or vibration mode.  Maybe this isn't something common with tablets, and again, for my next tablet, I've learned about a few things I need to watch for next time.Also, they've had some hardware issues, i had it 3 months and it died on me, they ended up replacing the mother board.  From what I've seen on a couple forums, that issue happens enough that it's a well known issue.In so many ways this tablet is outstanding and really stands out from the rest.  Unfortunately it a has a few significant downsides, and quite honestly, I would probably look else where next time unless Sony wakes up and addresses some of the major issues (Charger setup/charger, lack of access to the SD card).Again, this is my first tablet, but that also may be an advantage for others that are looking at their first tablet.  I don't know what competitors offer as far as battery access, vibration feedback, how many have a flash for the camera, what others have for chargers, although I know may have chargers that have adapters available so for example, I want to charge it off of a battery backup, for the Sony, I can't.I don't want to make it look like there are a lot more negatives then positives, but some of the negatives are very significant.  Sony has really come out with unit that with a few changes could really blow out the competition.  Maybe at some point they'll finally listen.  Until then I'll be a frustrated user, frustrated because they've created a tablet with a unique design that makes it much more comfortable to use. That makes the issues all the more frustrating.Part of me wants to give this a 2 due to a couple of the issues, but the overall design takes it up a notch.  Get rid of a the biggest issues and its a clear cut 5.Come on Sony, So close but yet so far.