This Product is a cream of the crop in Tablet products in My opinion. I am an extreme fanatic of Android but I give honest reviews in regards to its hardware and the softwares limitation if its crappy or Good. Had to replace my Toshiba Thrive at Bestbuy and they gave me this in return.Hardware: Beautiful metal finish in the back. Its so damn sleek its crazy. Its lighter then the Toshiba Thrive and that was a beastly tablet but with tons of grip. The Excite on the other hand is a tablet at risk of breaking badly. Be sure to protect any tablet or keep them away from children if you value the iPads and Android's you use. Thinness is the number one thing you notice, and the box itself, it comes in, says your in for sight to behold. Next issue...Light Leaks, on my model I have not experienced that and is well built. Light leaks are issues that vary from tablet to tablet and smartphone to smartphone. Mostly an issue with production down the manufacturing line. Camera is better then thrive for sure but nothing like the Camera's on the latest phones. I dont find it convenient to take pictures in public with tablet cameras in the first place. Front camera is ten times clearer then my Evo 4G, but the smartphone & tab industry has a way to go before those front facers are good. Its charging connector is the most akward decision I've ever seen for charging. It is, in my opinion, extremely slow at charging. Hardware holds a long Charge if not in heavy use. I have not thoroughly tested or created any metric on how to test and give a good review. Its hardware buttons are nearly flush with the device so you will get confused at first on which side you need to activate the screen. Running at Tegra 3 Processor is a god send and here is why:Software: The tegra 3 is Invidia's newest baby unveiled to the world this year. This thing is Fast and Pushes Android 4.0 to Lagless limits. Swiping on Homescreens is effortless and smooth. You can tell the software was well built around the hardware. Gaming on this is incredible and handles the new "Dead Trigger" game and its graphics extremely well. Im sure "Shadowgun" and other High res games would work exceptionally well. It is a tablet loaded with minimal bloatware, and is as clean a build of ICS this is gonna be. Any cleaner requires the Device to be rooted. Those who are experiencing lag on software and transitions obviously have a device with a combo of software and hardware issues. Suggest that you return immediately. Now those experiencing software issues and hoping to root or knowledgeable in Rooting are in for a dead stop. We can not do JACK! A look thru some online forums show that Toshiba has heavily locked down this tablet. A rom developer ive been following has been unable to root this thing or do custom roms. This is going to be a deal breaker for our more developer heavy consumers.Warning: Now if you do recieve this device and are looking to break into it with a temporary root method then it is possible, as long as you DO NOT DOWNLOAD the OTA update available for download. Search on google and type "Thrive forums"...developer name is Dalep.Netflix'n, Youtube'n, and all your favorite stuff are there for you to use. So no video limitations at this time. We will see as future versions of Android try and find a way to get flash content to work considering Adobe has stopped support.Conclusion: In my run through of this tablet I can say the average tablet user is going to enjoy this device. It runs smooth, fast, and lots of space depending on the GB model you buy. Android 4.0 blows Honeycomb 3.1 & 3.2 out the water. Will they support this product with future versions of android? I dont know. At this point Toshiba has been unable to provide a android 4.0 to the toshiba thrives and Custom Rom development seems locked down heavily. I wouldnt bank on toshiba providing a timely update to this device. Its specs more then deserve an upgrade to Android 4.1 but we can only hope. For the heavy modders STAY AWAY...Average consumer GO FOR IT.