First off, just as I was getting into this laptop, the hard drive died 3 days later.  I was very disappointed to say the least.  I first had problems with the accelerometer not automatically adjusting from landscape to portrait when I rotated the duo in tablet mode.  That required a wonderful call to Dell Tech support where they remotely reinstalled some drivers, then tried to sell me an extended warranty which I declined.  Then 3 days later, the operating system comes to a crawl.  After attempting to reboot, it never worked again.  Another half hour call to Dell Tech Support,only to have them state the obvious that the hard drive was shot.  I sent it back to Amazon.On a positive note, I was starting to enjoy it.  A pound lighter would have been better  as an e-reader in tablet mode for it can feel a bit heavy reading over time.  The touch screen was very responsive.  With the Kindle app, I was able to download my Kindle books and it looked very good and the pages turned flawlessly on the slightest touch.  In tablet mode, I used the regular Internet Explorer for browsing and I-Tunes for music since I had no plans of using Napster or their e-reader service. Their movie rental software would have been useful on long trips and the movie trailers did play very well.  The touch screen took some getting used to with Internet explorer for some of those tabs were too small to touch on screen, so there were a few touch misses before I got it.  It seems very well made, on the outside at least.I'm still debating whether to give the Duo another chance for I really was getting into its small size and portability.  I will do a little more research first to make sure there are no hidden problems with this laptop.  Like I said, I liked while it lasted.....3 days.Update 5/21/11  Ordered a new Duo and pleased with it.  It's interesting that the first laptop that died had an odd clicking sound when I tilted it that sounded as though there was a loose screw in there.  The fact that the new laptop doesn't make that sound makes me believe perhaps it was a poorly made or even a dropped laptop.  Don't know.  All I can say is I am pleased with this laptop.  A little more response time when loading applications would make this a five star product but it's pretty good for a first attempt by Dell.  Already downloaded all my pics, Microsoft Office, set up my email, Kindle app. etc. with room to spare.  Bumping up my rating from 3 to 4 stars.  A better CPU and a 4GB RAM slot would have taken it to a 5 star.Update 10/13/11Bought another one a couple of weeks later after this Duo was returned.  Lasted about 5 months before it started drastically slowing down in performance.  The hard drive died again.  Very disappointed in this product and giving up on Dell altogether.