Have a trial yourself in your local shop(make sure it is 3.0.2).  Salesman likes to sell the easiest.  Compare yourself and do not just rely on the reviews on web.  I am the owner of iPhone 2G and iPhone 4.  I own the iMac G4 and other newer Macs.  I am not a fashion or gadget enthusiast.  Strangely and honestly, I have not tried out or even touched an iPad/iPad 2 since their launches.  I always think iPad is just an enlarged iPhone.  At home I have iMacs and PCs.  On the walk, I have an iPhone.  I had been a Palm PDA user and always loved their products.  I bought a Pre Plus with touchstone in May and was impressed by WEBOS.  Recently, I searched for an instant-on device with a small foot-print, which is used meanly for web-surfing (with flash) and emailing.  It will be mainly to my kids who will frequently check the IXL, Brainpop and e-classes at home.  Due to my experience and my requirements.  I gave HP Touchpad a chance.  I bought a 32GB TP with an touchstone charging dock.  The design of the tablet and the dock are very good.  Good stereo audio. I do not feel cheap on the hardwares.  The OS is responsive most of the time.  The launching of application may not be quite as fast as that in iPhone.  But all the basic apps(programs) including flash playing are good. You can display emails/IMS/contacts from different providers in one place.  When you buy the TP, HP/Palm let you set up a free WEBOS account in its servers/Cloud. Syncing and backup are done automatically.  Update will also be done automatically.  All the apps/contacts/settings will appears on other webos devices under a same Palm/Webos account.  Switching between apps is much easier and more pleasant in WEBOS than in iOS.  The Webos has great potential.  Here are some of my thoughts:1. Word/Excel/PP are very crucial to users.  I will buy the keyboard immediately if the apps are out.  I will buy one more HP for presentation if next iteration include solution for video output!2. Need parental controls!3. Better desktop side apps for syncing music/contacts/photos and backup(users like to have backups of the device in their hands).4. Pivot is very good.  In a news-explosive era, we need very good editors.  In an apps-flooding era, we even need apps reviewers since we will use the apps repeatedly.  Time saver!5. Need more killer apps!  Google does not write for WEBOS in the meantime, nor do Microsoft and other big internet/software corporations.  Give more supports and incentives and documentations to the Webos developers!We have only Kindle, Facebook, Wordpress and Linkedin.  50GB BOX.com Cloud storage is a nice gift!6. WEBOS devices are the only devices in market which allow homebrew apps.  No need to jailbreak to use patches to add functions to the devices.7. Accessories are expensive.  I discover a bundle in somewhere is the best bargain! Within $490(excl. tax), you can have a 16gb with all the accessories!8. HP: update the software more frequently with more functions and smoothness.  Invest more in the GPU or even SOC custom designed CPU (collaborates with other chip makers) for tablets to improve the performance.  Graphics matters.  Resolutions matters.  If resolution is high enough(more pixels per inch),  the object in the screen will seems to be 3D itself. There is no need for such stupid 3D technology.  Gives more pleasure to users within such a small fixed screen.9. Need better WEBOS website, better online supports and documentations.  Separate the old palm devices from those of WEBOS. It is just confusing.HP has to introduce and explain WEBOS Account/Cloud, WEBOS(the OS) and devices well and clearly to people.  Actually, Palm has been doing what iCloud will do in 9/2011 since fall of 2009!  HP does not know how to materialize its acquisition of Palm.  Obviously, the management and marketing team of HP have severe problems.  A single strong leader and more resources for the WEBOS team are needed.Happy padding!