I first bought a Viziotab Android tablet from Costco, then my friend bought an iPad.  Not to be outdone, I bought an iPad as well.  Now I thought I'd be using my iPad more than my Android, but this has turned out not to be the case.  You see,  Android and iPad are two very different devices, with one device often doing things much better than the other one.  So I've found myself using each device for different purposes, and I've found my Android device to be much more practical for everyday use.Here's a summary of my findings over two weeks of using both devices:OS Stability:  The winner here is the iPad.  I've experienced occasional freezes on the Android tablet, along with delays and slowdowns.  The only delay I've experienced on the iPad is when I'm using Safari and want to type in an address in the address bar.  There is a small delay from when I type the 'www' to when it shows up on the screen.  No big deal.Camera:  iPad is far and away the winning choice here, especially since my Android device came with a shabby VGA camera.  I can't speak for other devices like Galaxy Tab, but the iPad with its front and rear facing cameras definitely wins.Video Chat:  iPad.  Especially since my Android tablet doesn't, as yet, support this.Screen Resolution:  iPad.  What can I say about this, other than the difference is like night and day.  The Viziotab's screen resolution is, in a word, ugly.  It seems very one-dimensional compared to the iPad's.  The iPad screen is clear, bright, and attractive.Browsing:  I'm going to give this one to Android.  Although iPad's browsing is fast and Safari is easy to use, Android has flash.  Yes, I know, the resource hogging flash!  But here's the thing about flash for me: There are a couple of mission-critical websites I use constantly  one is for my job) that use flash.  With the iPad, it's a no go -- unless you buy a third-party browser that supports flash.  So Android wins here.Photos:  This is a toss up.  While iPad blows away Viziotab in terms of resolution, Android wins simply because you don't need to go through iTunes to sync your photo library.  I think I'll be using my iPad to share those photos from my recent trip to Hawaii, but if I need to 'manage' my photos I'll use my Android tablet.Video:  Again, a toss up.  iPad presents videos beautifully, but management is a pain in the a**.  First, iPad doesn't support all video formats.  And second, you have to sync your videos through iTunes.  So, if I have that iPad-compatible video of my trip to Egypt, I'll share it on iPad -- otherwise I'll be using my Android tablet to manage my video collection.Email: I was at first impressed by the iPad email app.  But I enjoy reading my email on Android.  Perhaps it's the Android's integrated GMail app, which makes viewing email a more pleasant experience.  iPad just seems awkward.  Android wins here.Downloading:  No contest here.  Android wins.  You can download anything to an Android tablet, including video and audio in multiple formats.  Android supports torrent downloading, too.  What can you download to iPad?  iTunes apps, music, and video, all of which come at a price.Games:  iPad wins.  I just can't see Android competing in this area.  Although I'm not a big mobile-device gamer, so it doesn't really matter to me.Bluetooth connectivity:  iPad supports Apple devices.  Android supports everyone's devices.  Android wins.Apps:  A toss up.  App store wins for number of apps, and for integration with iPad.  Market wins for functionality.  I like ebooks, for example, and have ebooks with Barnes and Noble and Kindle.  But Apple has hamstrung the Nook and Kindle apps buy taking away the ability to download books through the iPad apps.  And there will be no app available through the app store that duplicates any other functionality that would eat iinto Apple's profits.Viewing Videos on your HDTV:  With the purchase of a $5 HDTV cable I can view beautiful, high resolution movies and TV shows on my HDTV with my Viziotab.  With iPad you have to buy Apple TV ($99) and then are limited to iTunes store purchases.  Viziotab is the winner here.In conclusion, I like the iPad for its big, beautiful display and ease of use.  I don't like it for its limitations, like lack of bluetooth connectivity, file management capability, and file format support.  I will keep my iPad to share videos and photos of vacations, and to use if I have to video conference with someone.  Which will probably be never, but at least it's there!  And for the cool apps that I do like.  Not so much for browsing or file management.  If I were to have to choose between the two, I would choose Android simply because it is wide open compared to iPad. If I sit on the couch to surf, I'll use Android because I know there will be no artificial barrier between me and the world wide web.  And if I go on vacation, I will take the Android with me for compatibility reasons.Buying advice: If you're an Apple user already and are immersed in the Apple ecosystem of products and services, compatibility probably is not an issue for you, so I would choose iPad.  If, however, you're not an Apple user I would carefully weigh the compatibility issues.  The iPad effect wears off eventually, and you have to realize the iPad is a device that does some things really well, other things not so well, and a few things not at all.  If those things it does 'not at all' are things you need it to do, then you might be well advised to get one of the Android tablets to better serve your needs.  Or, if you're like me and can afford it, why not get both?