"This sunlight is OK, I guess, I mean it provides all my food I suppose, but I have to give it zero stars out of 5 because I danced naked outside one day and it totally gave me a sunburn."I swear, this is what it sounds like when people complain about new technology.  Is there an astounding amount crammed into a small, considerably weight-reduced package? A resounding yes.  Are there some pretty impressive apps available for it?  Per this review's title, yes.  Is it a completely effective replacement for meaningful human contact?  No, but I'm reserving judgement for when generation 3 arrives with an optional mounting harness for love dolls.Look, its not perfect...realistically, it'll be a solid 4 or 5 years before a device in this price range can match the 160 gigs of an ipod classic with flash memory, and the dual core chip, while fine for day to day maneuvers, can lag in the more intensive tasks (not that there are many apps that convert things to DivX format or remotely control nuclear cooling towers).  Additionally, the lack of slots for SDHC or its 'micro' version knocks off a point or two for versatility.  Once data is on the thing, your only hope of exporting is via email or with third party software (and be REALLY careful to test it out with nothing crucial already installed, as there are some abysmal titles out there).  Also, I feel a decade of that proprietary cable is enough.Gripes aside, this thing is a joy to use.  The battery is every bit as good as people claim, my average use per charge is right between 11 and 12 hours.  No screen protector was included, but aftermarket options are plentiful, and the matte finish option I tried produces an incredibly natural response, especially when using a stylus.  Need to entertain a child 1-3 years of age?  Furry Friend is a fantastic app, and less than 2 dollars in the full version.  Splashtop, though, is the primary component of the 5 stars.  Full version is fairly inexpensive (intermittently goes on sale for 1.99), and it has saved me both time AND monitor life; Splashtop is remote control for your PC or MAC...nothing new there, those in the IT world have been doing this for some time, and its one of the features advertised for Windows 7 in particular.  But the versatility is the selling point.  You could be stuck at an airport, and edit a slew of photographs, browse on Firefox with your home presets/favorites, access anything your home computer can access, all with intutitive touch controls.With the sum of available science today, one could certainly design a device with more features and performance.  Sure it would cost a ridiculous sum, but ultimately, you get what you pay for.  I am a PC guy (only in computer preference), but I have to admit this is an impressive slab of glass and aluminum.  As for those claiming the purchase of an Apple product will designate you as a sheep or conformist, I applaud your staunch independence...just be sure you avoid any Meat, Fruits, Grains and Vegetables grown more than 50 miles from you, switch to a all-recycled burlap wardrobe, Handcraft your furniture from sustainably harvested logs downed with your own teeth, coat the whole thing with cruelty-free mud, and power your domicile with a small windmill and excercise bike hooked up to a homemade turbine.  Also, avoid all non-leg-based transportation.  Then you can be a true pioneer!