I appreciate the many comments by users here, which I learnt from before purchase: thanks to reviewers.In short I am really extremely pleased with this, and it exceeded my expectations (as a Nexus One/Android 2.2 user too). Note my comments relate to the SIM free UK version (I think same as here but uncrippled).The size is very handy (iPad is bulky in bed), the screen clarity and colours are excellent (generally ok outdoors), the scrolling very smooth and touch responsive (-I expected slower than Nexus One phone [little sister] but was wrong; faster!), the battery life seems fine (1-2 days with average use on Wifi+some calls), the loudspeaker nicely loud and clear, the phone call quality excellent (NOTE: I bought the Amazon UK version with call enabled which I really reccommend). I do not use Bluetooth headsets.In particular, Android 2.2 OS runs smoothly on this, somewhat to my surprise. My experience is significantly better on this than my Nexus One phone (which I like). The Wifi connectivity is fine also and I am impressed with the call quality: I have conference calls with the Tab on the table and everyone hears me fine in Asia.I wish the battery could be swappable. Samsung have overpriced this alas (but produced a super device, my first Samsung device). Compared to the real headaches of deciding which carrier version to buy in the USA (and deactivation methods), I prefer to pay $700 in the UK and buy a straightforward SIM free no hassel device that works as it should. Samsung should have marketed it far more straightforwardly with carriers, to make it easier for purchasers to know what they are getting. For foreign buyers like me, it takes a month of Sundays to determine what the US versions mean. I still do not know the [hidden] costs of deactivating call / data plans in the US Tabs and 99% of salespersons don't know/tell reliably either and I talked to a few. I wish Android Marketplace would be available to foreign users - the free stuff is plentiful and ample but we can't buy what we want! Programs like Skype are also not available to us via Marketplace (and what is available at time of writing is chat only Beta versions, frustratingly unless you are on Sprint or some such US carrier).In price respects, Apple's Wifi pricing strategy is much better, though the iPad can't do many things this can (no multitasking, no camera, no phone?). The Tab's camera/s are quite good but could be improved for low light video/photo : normal outdoor use is fine as are videos and sound. Not enough suitable cases are available for the Tab.I do recommend the Tab with a call facility - not to hold as in a conventional phone but the functional quality is so good that you want to use it!I look forward to what Android 2.3 offers but although a heavy device user, frankly I am more than satisfied with my professional/personal needs with this.Overall I am very happy after deliberations on buying an iPad though I would be happier if it was cheaper! Let's see what iPad 7" offers if you can wait another half year...!