BackgroundI have been using an iPhone and iPad since their inception.  I wanted a dedicated eBook reader.  Though I have a Kindle app on my iPad, I wanted this to supplement my use of electronic technology.Like any other tablet, this device has the capabilities to run applications, surf the web, play MP3s and run electronic books.  For the price, size and capabilities, this dual core processor tablet is a great value.OperationI charged my Kindle Fire immediately upon receiving it.  Set up was extremely simple.  First of all, being a WIFI only device, connecting to my home network was seamless and simple.  Next, synching my Kindle Books with the device from the Cloud made the transition from an iPad to my Kindle Fire easy.  Subjectively, the download time seemed faster when downloading my books.This is an entirely touch screen device with the exception of the power button.  Navigation through the operating system is quite simple.  I would have appreciated a mechanical home button, but the touch screen is so responsive that it is not necessary.The onscreen keyboard is a standard QWERTY keyboard.  There is an autocorrect function like many Smartphones and Tablets.  Operation is identical and no complicated gestures are necessary to learn.A menu system allows complete customization of features, including password security.  It is intuitive for those already familiar with eBooks or Smartphones.  I never needed to refer to the user manual.Being a touchscreen, the advantage is having a screen that functions in any environment - sunny, ambient light or total darkness.  Contrast and detail is excellent.  Your only tradeoff with the other Kindle devices is battery life.In my use, I have not needed to synchronize this device with a laptop/desktop, unlike the iPad/iPhone.  This is the major advantage over the Apple line of products, which requires synchronizing with iTunes for EVERY device.  Set up of the Kindle Fire took virtually 10" for me (apart from charging it).Parental controlLike every other device these days, if your child will be accessing it, you want parental control.  This allows complete control of content and internet access.Battery lifeBattery life is similar to an iPad which is about 8 hours without WIFI.  I run brightness at 25% to make it last a little longer.ApplicationsThe library of applications is not as extensive as the iTune store, but there are more than enough applications to keep you busy.  It is not my objective to run apps so my experience on this device is limited.Kindle booksWith the Cloud, all books are available.  Additionally, it serves as an e-reader for documents and PDF files by forwarding documents to your Kindle specific account.  Navigation through a text is simple and is touch screen operated.  Highlighting, taking notes, and bookmarks make this as efficient as a hard copy.  The beauty of the device is the ability to have WhisperSync which synchronizes your changes through all devices (i.e. Kindle for iPad/Mac/iPhone, Kindle Fire, etc).Amazon PrimeI am an Amazon Prime subscriber and the ability to access movies on the Fire is a big plus.  There are a lot of movies to choose from.  It also allows the user to check out books from a multitude of titles for free (one book per month limit).  Surfing on the web, such as the Amazon web site, allows for a seamless transition between an eBook reader/multimedia operation and making electronic purchases.MP3sThe Cloud saves all music purchases and does not count against the free storage limit.  This is another advantage of the Kindle Fire over other similar devices.Sound qualityFor a multimedia device, this is acceptable from built in speakers but not great.  The headphone capabilities make it function well.Image qualityImage quality of the screen is excellent for movies, texts and internet.Ideal usersStudentsMobile professionalsMobile usersVirtually anyoneOverallThis device is a winner, hands down.  For the price, capabilities and functionality, I look forward to the Kindle Fire 2.