If you're considering a tablet, the only rational choice is the iPad 1 or the iPad 2. Anything else you there is too expensive/too buggy/lacking support/etc. As someone who owns a desktop but no laptop, the iPad 2 is just perfect. A laptop would often be redundant, though it would be handy for working outside of the home.  With the iPad, I will use it all the time both in the home and elsewhere.I will try to add some comments that haven't been covered:* I find that 16gb is fine, though this may change if app sizes get much larger. I don't intend to store my music or a bunch of videos on this. Videos can be streamed, or added as-needed, and I rely on DropBox to store files - it lets me view and edit files between my desktop and my iPad.* Part of the reason the iPad is perfect for travel is that you can use it in any position, unlike a laptop, where you have to find a seat.* It won't ever got hot or overheat. Personally, I've had a couple laptops expire on me due to overheating. You always have to keep them on a firm surface so you don't block the vents. The iPad doesn't have these problems (I think that the Macbook Airs similarly will never overheat). You no longer have to grab a tray or giant book to set your laptop on when using it in bed.* Terrific value. All hype aside, the design, durability and capability of an iPad 2 is such that I would expect to pay much more. You can find a cheap laptop for the same price, and it will be capable of much more. However, the iPad will accomplish 95% of what you want to do on a computer, and will open doors (via apps) to new and totally unexpected experiences.* Browsing the web is better on the iPad. At least, it often is. It's certainly better to take your iPad on the couch than to hunch over a laptop on the coffee table. Though the screen is small compared to a desktop screen, it's equivalent to working on a bigger screen because of how close you will be. Scrolling and navigating a webpage with your hand is a qualitatively better experience than using the tools we've become accustomed to (mouse, trackball or trackpad). I guess that's why sci-fi movies always depict computers with touch interfaces in the future. Moving the page around and adjusting the size of everything by hand never gets old.* Just like with my iPhone 4, I rarely sync my iPad 2. I'm not a huge fan of iTunes. I can sync occasionally to back-up my apps. I don't use iTunes to manage files (again, I rely on Dropbox). Dropbox and Evernote are must-have apps on all my computers and portable devices.* Safari can use some work. I prefer the tabbed browsing, not having to switch windows. There are some alternative browsers (I bought 360 Browser, which is good), but Apple won't let me select those as my default browser. I don't use Safari on my desktop, but even if I wanted to sync my passwords and history, I don't think it'll let me (it will sync bookmarks through iTunes though). I really wish Apple would loosen up so that Firefox or Chrome would be available, and that one of those could be my default.* As cool as the smart cover is, I spent my money on a wireless keyboard instead. I really don't think the smart cover is going to make a difference as long as I take other measures to protect my screen. I may skip the HDMI adapter as well - it would be fun, but there is never a time that I will need to project my iPad on my HDTV.In summary, if you think you'd like it, you'll probably love it. If you are just kinda curious but content with your current set-up, you can save yourself the money. For the same price, you can get an adequate laptop running Windows 7. I think this is a great alternative though.