This will be a first installment since I have not yet had the opportunity to use the tablet extensively.  I have been testing battery life some, and I will post more as I have used the tablet more.  This is my third Android tablet or phone so I have some experience with other devices and I know my way around the OS pretty well.I have not yet added the real Google Android Market, but I know where to get it when I am ready.  slatedroid and xda-developers are two safe and reliable forums for a wealth of information on Android.  Luckily the Amazon Android Market is simple to load and has many of the apps one might want.My impression is that the device is quite fast.  I was pleasantly surprised at how responsive and quick it is.  The capacitive screen is quite responsive.  I have left the protective plastic in place until the screen protector or I ordered has arrived.  Even so the screen responds very well and screen changes are very fast.Connecting to WiFi at a hotspot was simple.  The device saw my ATT Uverse router, but could not quite connect.  I just need to reboot the router.  This is not really the device's problem.  For some reason ATT Uverse routers can be a challenge to Android devices.  I had to reboot the router to connect my Android phone as well.The main difference between the 70xx Kyros models and the 71xx seems to be battery size.  It looks like the 70 series have a 2000 mah battery, and the 71s have 4000.  Like a couple of other posters I was just about ready to go with the MID7022 when I noticed this newer model and saw that it had the larger battery.  I charged the battery 3-4 hours until it said Charged though I have not yet let it charge overnight (it is doing so now).  I then did a video test.  One thing I like to have in a device like this is enough battery life to watch 2 1.5-2 hour movies on a 4-hour flight.  This 7127 passed that test.  I played videos continuously for 4.5 hours and had about 19% battery left.  I tried to go to 5, but after about 10 more minutes got a low battery warning so I stopped.  After an all-night charge I plan to try again.  I was watching movies I had recorded from standard definition cable and converted to MP4.  The image was originally letterboxed so it probably only occupied 1/3 of the screen area on the 7127.  Full screen video might take more battery.  I had screen brightness at 50%, which was quite bright, and volume at a comfortable listening level.  WiFi off.  I was not trying to do a stress test, just a typical use scenario.I will try some more things and post more later.Added 12/15/11I really think this is one of the best little Android tablets for the price.  It would be nice if it had bluetooth, but that is about the only thing missing, and it is not critical.  Battery life watching videos seems to max at the 4.5 or so hours I mentioned above.  That is enough for 2 full-length movies and all I really ask for.Peripherals - I got a Belkin Ultra-Mini USB hub to go with this device.  It worked well with USB keyboards and mice at the same time.