Like many of you, I purchased a cheap Chinese knock-off because I was too frugal to sink my hard-earned cash into a name-brand tablet, or I didn't want to buy into the iProduct craze with one of those overhyped devices.Oh sure...El Cheapo works great for awhile with its' odd quirks and eccentricities, but when the A10 Allwinner device takes a dump and destroys your files, you either curse it out, try to find the root cause of the problem, or just give up and buy another cheap knock-off because, again, you're too cheap to get a real device (or don't want an overpriced electronic device).In my case, I tried everything humanly possible to rescue my files from the jaws of defeat, all to no avail. El Cheapo went to its' grave with nearly all my files...thankfully, TF/MicroSD Cards are fairly cheap, and interchangeable with other Android devices, so I was able to transfer those to Old Reliable (an earlier-version Android device I had purchased last year). I then turned to my Facebook Groups, asking what would be a suitable replacement for the A10 Allwinner that had just died. The overwhelming majority said "Get A Nexus 7." Well, I was understandably hesitant...after all, it was relatively expensive ($250+), but the features were far better than the cheap knock-offs (1280X800 display, NVIDIA GeForce Video Processor, a *QUAD-CORE* processor, long battery life, wi-fi, etc.) Well, truthfully, I didn't get much farther than "NVidia" before I decided this was going to be my next tablet, as I have NVidia graphics processors in both my desktop and laptop computers. The 32GB internal storage was a real bonus, as was the USB OTG feature (I suppose it has a SATA SSD that could be expanded, but I'm not going to crack the case to find out). The OS is incredibly easy to use...if you've used an Android platform for a few months (or years), it won't be hard to adapt (unlike those incredibly confusing iProducts).I've not used all the features as yet (such as the camera) as I'm still restoring my previously-purchased apps to the device.The one big downside I can see (so far) is the inability for this tablet to accept standard or micro SD Cards. Whether this was intentional, or an oversight on Google's part, I don't know. Perhaps this feature could/should be included in future Nexus Devices.Overall, I'm happier with this new tablet than I ever was with my old El Cheapo. I've loaded music onto it, and am listening to Meat Loaf's "Hits Out Of Hell", with all the clarity of the best of CD Players. I think I'll download Skype next and have a chat with my brother in California...EDIT, 5/23/13:Another Amazon User (Kinchas) suggested getting Nexus Media Importer, as did many other Nexus Users. I have to say, that has been one of the most useful apps I've ever used. I still think Google's choice of not including an SD/Micro SD slot is a terrible oversight, but with Media Importer, you're not limited to just a few measly gigs of storage (it was able to handle a relatively small 1GB thumb drive with all my Mythbusters pics on it very well), but, potentially up to the terabytes range...and I do have a 3TB drive not being used. I also like the tablet's ability to use wireless storage drives, like the Kingston Wi-Drive. Granted, you have to set it up like a wi-fi and download the app, but once that's done, it works great.Another downside I've found is the USB port itself. There's only the one micro USB port. Sure, it's very useful for charging or transferring files (both at the same time if you connect the tablet to your computer), but if you want to charge the battery *and* use an external storage device...well, that could present a problem. Perhaps a second USB port would be beneficial.