I ordered the ASUS Eee PC T101MT after my big laptop video card died.  I wanted something more portable and lighter for my daily commute to the office and to take on vacations.  I also wanted a tablet since I needed to be able to enter data while working and trying to hold a traditional laptop while walking through stores updating my Excel spreadsheets was too awkward.  I looked at the current tablet offerings from Apple, Samsung, BlackBerry, and others and decided that they didn't meet business needs (I needed a business tool, not a toy).  So I looked at netbooks and only found two that offered a touchscreen, the ASUS and a Lenovo.  Amazon.com had the best price by far compared to other stores and I got the ASUS netbook with a larger hard drive for less than Office Depot!  The Eee PC tablet is fairly impressive, although it came with Win 7 starter which has only basic touch capabilities.  I upgraded to Win 7 ultimate and added Office 2010 Professional Plus and IE9.  It took a long time to install all the updates because the Atom processor is not as powerefull as the quad or dual core processors on larger laptops and I maxed out the RAM at 2G which is only adequate for Win 7.  After installing all software, the netbook ran well.  A little sluggish at times, but my goal was to load everything I might need and then start removing unnecessary software once I determined my usage habits.  The touch screen works well with both fingers and stylus.  There is an occasional delay as the processor works to respond to input (web pages loading, resizing screens, etc) but overall, it is reasonably responsive.  The hard disk is big enough to accomodate all my applications and data.  The size of the keyboard is comfortable for my average sized hands.  Having three input modes (keyboard, touchpad and touchscreen with finger or stylus) is really convenient.  the screen is a good size that makes my normal daily tasks easy and the screen is sharp and bright although I haven't tested it outdoors yet.  The overall weight of the unit is comfortable for me and the size is easy to hold.  The battery has been holding its working charge for about 6 hours without using a power saving profile.  The only feature I would like to see added to this netbook would be a bluetooth transmitter.  Since I have the touchscreen, I don't use my bluetooth mouse anymore, but being able to sync my cell phone without a cord would be convenient.  Also, the touchscreen is a think flexible plastic layer that you can feel moving when using the stylus.  Not as attractive as the gorilla glass on the Ipad, but it does allow the use of the stylus which the Ipad does not.  I've not seen any reports on the lifespan of the touchscreen, but if it lasts more than 3-4 years (especially at the low price of this netbook) then I'll be happy.  All in all, I'm very pleased with this netbook.  It's smaller and lighter than my old laptop and seems to do everthing it did just a little more sluggish.  Hey, it's an inexpensive netbook and I can live with that!