I thought I had found the perfect little tablet; as it turns out I almost did.  The 43 grows on you but beware, it has some mysterious faults that will make depending on it a crap shoot.  Along with a dozen or so "system apps" that you will likely not use yet you cannot get them off the device unless you 'root' it making its already limited RAM more of an issue (not unique to the Archos by any means).  The most damning fault goes like this: you get a notification message alerting you to new email being received.  You tap the alert opening the email app and poof, the email is there for an instant and then it disappears forever before you can actually open it!  I'm not kidding and it happens nearly every day at least once (this is likely to be a fault with the operating system itself known as Froyo (Android 2.2.1) or the provided email application.Another of the more frustrating faults is disappearing applications.  Yes, disappearing!  You install an app and after a few days it no longer appears on the applications screen as if you had 'uninstalled' it.  It is gone; or is it?  If you run the provided Uninstaller the disappeared app may be there (yet it is missing from the applications screen itself) which prevents you from re-installing it.  You must first uninstall it, then re-install it to get it back but beware, it is almost certain to disappear again and you'll be forced to go thru this kabuki dance again.Even worse, Archos support says they'll answer your email on issues within 48 hours...I've been waiting for over a week now for that simple email response and have just entered another fault for their support people to ponder.Those issues aside I really do like the little guy and use it every day.  I just can't trust it to not lose email or have a favorite app suddenly go missing.  I've limited my use of it to listening to favorite radio programs, which I do every day (even right now as I compose this review), during times when the 'local' station is not heard over a normal radio because of propagation (early morning or evening when it skips over for example) or to catch it on another station such as The Eagle (Columbia, MO or KRLA Los Angeles (I live near Philadelphia).  An occasional quick check of World News or business news and maybe a game now and then which becomes more of a challenge with the small screen.Battery life is a bit short but then again I'm probably a bad judge of that because I use it quite a lot.  The display is good but I do have problems at times with inadvertant launching apps by mistake (could be me more than the device--you'll need a 'pen' or whatever those things are called to improve this aspect while interacting with the display--I find using my fingers to select things nearly impossible (probably me).  To make that interaction more frustrating the application list seems to 'stick' at times making it difficult to scroll the screen to find what you want (likely not a device fault itself but the Android OS piece that handles such things).  The fit and finish is good but not in the impressive category.A very useful device as long as you can deal with its glaring faults and email disappearing isn't all that important to you (because it also gets delivered somewhere else for example, like your primary PC).  If you're looking for a small tab that will slip easily into your pocket or purse this could be the device you've been hunting for...just be aware of what might happen.  By the way, these issues may not be at all unique to the Archos 43.  Other devices using Android 2.2.1 (Froyo) have been seen to have the very same faults.  For millions of Android based phone users these faults are just part of the baggage that comes with it.  It really should not be the case of course.  Missing emails could be very important as missing one could cost you a customer (or your job) for example.As I said...be aware that when you put this thing to sleep or shut off the power that when you come back to it one or more of those apps you just put on it might be missing not to mention those emails that vaporize right before your eyes.  If you can put up with that you will likely find this device handy to have around, especially if you don't use an Android based phone.  As an alternative for that much more expensive iPod this could just be the real cost of that difference in price.  Reminds me of that lesson I should have taken to heart; you get what you pay for might be the real bottom line.  Yes, the screen is much bigger but on most other attributes it is far short of being a real competitor.  I've yet to see an email vaporize before my eyes or an installed application disappear as if I had uninstalled it on the iPad or iPod.If you can live with that you might find this device useful to have in your pocket.  Despite the faults I find myself not going anywhere without it.  Knowing its limitations and faults makes it an OK alternative.  If you just install a few apps on it you may not see these faults at all in fact.  I suspect that is part of why I see what I see.  But then again I'm still waiting for that reply from Archos support that I should have seen about a week ago.  And that is not good at all.