I freaking love this device but to make it really shine there are a few things you should do...At first I was disappointed by the resistive touch screen. It was always giving me incorrect key passes and I couldn't figure out why. I had been using the plastic cover it came with for about two weeks and I finally took it off. I was a bit worried that I would scratch the screen but so far I have had no problems and as an added bonus when I took the screen protector off the screen became much more responsive and accurate with key passes. So... (TAKE THE SCREEN PROTECTOR OFF) If you have never used a capacitive touch screen before it will take some time to get used to it especially people with larger fingers (no offense) also as a note I suggest you recalibrate the screen after you take the protective cover off.Suggestions to improve your android experience:-First get arctools in appslib so you can get access to the android market + If you want to have the most apps to choose from follow these steps (the android market will sometimes not see the device as compatible with certain apps)MARKET FIX:This will get you most missing apps from the market, except some "protect market apps" like NYTimes.Setting-->Manage Applications-->All-->Market (Clear Cache then 'Force Stop' -- DO NOT clear data)Setting-->Manage Applications-->All-->Google Services Framework (Clear data then 'Force Stop')REBOOT That is it...-(VERY IMPORTANT)The stock launcher it comes with is rather bloated and slow and it will give you hang time every time the home or app screen loads- Fix this with the LauncherPro App(free)- There are only three home screens (so choose apps and widgets wisely) but you can also customize the sticky buttons which is a plus.-Get rid of any unused apps (many have settings to turn on at certain times which eats battery and CPU speed)-Under settings- Power management- Set to overdrive ...you may not need to do this depending on what you use it for (I play online racing games so I usually keep it on) It really doesn't effect your battery usage that much.Tangent Suggestions:-Download Gtunes Music app and GamBoid Lite app (I just love these apps and they are free... nuff said)-If you are someone who wants to text people but texting bills are to expensive or your parents will not allow it... ie: me ...might I suggest google voice. You do need to have a Gmail account! If you do, then you can set up your own number and text people (over wifi connection) and it's completely FREE!!! (Your number shows up as an actual number on their phone not some email address or server name) if you are really tech savvy you can set up a VOIP and make and receive calls too.-***If you have a wall charger adapter with a Usb slot, maybe from your old Ipod, I used one from my broken Kodak Easyshare camera, feel free to use it to charge your device. You may want to check the label for variable voltage (It may say something like "switching adapter" or "100-240V") Just use the Usb cord the archos came with to connect to the adapter. Now it only takes a couple hours at most for my archos to charge.-Consider buying a blue tooth gps receiver and pairing it with your archos to turn it into an effective GPSThat is all I can think of at the moment... but I'm sure there is more that I've missed. Feel free to ask questions.