I bought this tablet for my 12 year old daughter.  It was getting to the point where she needed her own computer because her course work was online.  I gave her the choice of a laptop or a tablet.  Guess what she chose?  The Android was perfect in that much of her course work was flash-based (iPad would not do).  It was a toss up between the Asus Transformer and the Acer Iconia.  They are both about the same price; Honeycomb taking full advantage of the 10" screen; about the same functionality as the Xoom at a fraction of the price.  Iconia had the full-size USB port, ready for an inexpensive keyboard or USB mem stick.  So, that was the clincher (no additional adapter needed).The first tablet in the house.  The kid(s) love it. Freebie/apps games galore.  Honeycomb updates to 3.2; it's a pleasure to use.  Acer also seems to be keeping things up to date, cleaning up any bugs and such.  Since I've had the device for about a week, they've provided 4 OS updates.  The Iconia really feels like a quality device with well-integrated HW features.  Android is the OS to use if you really want a stand-alone device.  iPads make you go through that horrible iTunes PC app (I have an iPhone).  This was important because because I wanted to it the be a real productivity device.Many, here, have written about the nice feature.  So let me also mention a few caveats to note when buying a honeycomb device.  Well honeycomb is relatively new so there are a limited number of apps that will take advantage of the full-size screen.  When it comes to productivity apps such as office apps (wordprocessing, spreadsheet, and presentation), it falls short a bit.  There's Quick Office HD ($20), which is adequate, but I wouldn't say it's fully capable, either.  That seems to be it.  Other full-function office apps are just not up to par at all.  Most are just cheap converts from Froyo-based apps.Another thing I completely failed to consider was the printing solution.  There's no built in printing facility; in fact, it seems to be and after thought altogether. But there are several app-based solutions that require setting up another app on PC.  Then it would be able to wirelessly print through the PC.  Google recently deployed Cloud Print which will wait for vendor to adopt their protocol directly into printers, otherwise PCs are required as a proxy.  Some vendors have their own solutions, such as HP's iPrint.  But, in general, in order to do stand-alone printing, I would have to purchase one of those special printers.  Meantime, I do have to pay for an app that supports Cloud Print (maybe about $10-$15) and print through the PC.  (haven't done it yet)These shortcomings are understandable given that honeycomb/android is pretty new and I fully expected some early adopter issues like that.  I expect the offerings will improve significantly in another year.All-in-all, we are very happy with the Android tablet purchase.  It's very capable and there are enough apps and eye candy to keep us happily tapping away.Also, a shout out to our Amazon shop, Optimus-Shop, for terrific service.