I don`t usually write reviews but the issues we have with this product just made me do it. We bought this tablet in May 2012 and in July 2012 we were unable to use it. The device just all of a sudden stopped working. Of course we tried all the possible things, went online, red about what we could do if something like this occur....but non of the options helped. We tried holding the power button down for a longer period of time, we tried holding the power button along with the volume button, we even tried to reset it...nothing. Also noticed a weird design of the charger area on the tablet, the pins are just kind of standing there freely, some of them seemed to be bent. A few days after finding out about the problem, while considering what to do,we tried to turn the tablet on again and it worked. All the data were there, nothing was lost.But after turning it off again and back on, just to see, if this is permanent, it didn`t turn on again. So decided to have it repaired. The ASUS customer service also recommended the previous steps, but as I explained them that they don`t work, we started talking about repairing the device. We are a military Air Force family currently stationed in Germany so we have an APO address. We have bought the tablet online from US. The agent recommended us to ship it to somebody we know in the USA (family member or so) and the service team would come and pick it up for repair, bring it back and we would have it shipped back from friend or family. The problem we run into was, USPS no longer ships anything overseas with lithium batteries in it. We purchased the tablet just barely before this came out. So after calling the customer service again and explaining the situation, we were told to contact the ASUS German customer service and have it repaired there as our tablet does have a global warranty.So we did. The device was sent using the pick up service, everything went smooth, it made it to the service center and today I received and e-mail saying the the problem they detected is not included in the warranty and in order to have it repaired we have to pay 53,92 EUR. If we don`t want to pay for it, they will ship us the unrepaired device for 36,89 EUR or trash it for free. So kind of surprised I called the German customer service about why is this so, I got an answer, that one of the connectors was physically damaged and it is not included in the warranty. Now we have a few days to respond. We are people who care for their electronics and try to take care of them. We can`t see how this went wrong. I`m not an expert on designing tablets but just from my point of view, I would have chosen a different design for the connection parts. We never had this issue before with anything else but this ASUS tablet. Other then that, I can say the quality of the screen was good, images were sharp, it was just a very short time to enjoy it.