The THRIVE is everything I wanted in a tablet. It is heftier than most other 10.1 inchers out there, and i never feel like it's going to break. It's withstood a drop from 4 feet off the ground with no visible markings and no hardware malfunctioning. The combination of full and micro sized USB ports and full-size HDMI port make it the single most versatile piece of technology I own, which is saying a lot. I do a lot of work with digital camera and videographic equipment and the ability to interchange SD cards has proved invaluable. I find myself capturing HD footage or images with a DSLR or some other handheld device and with a split-second removal of the SD card it can be mounted in the THRIVE which can then be used as a widescreen viewer of a whole slew of file formats in real time.On the negative side, as previously mentioned, it is heavier than one might guess for a tablet. It's no ipad and it's no samsung tab in terms of girth and weight, but in functional comparison I feel like I'm going to snap those other two tablets across my knee when their loading times are slower than I'd expect for a next gen piece of tech. BUT, with how much I use the THRIVE on a daily basis (6-10 hours depending on my work load) the weight bearing down on my wrists has pushed me to pay a lot more attention to the waning strength and stamina in my forearms and hands. I've had the THRIVE for about a month now and I can already feel it "getting lighter" after so much time spent with it. But in the beginning the weight was very noticeable.I also experienced a problem with the THRIVE freezing up when it would hibernate during the first few days I had it. At the time I was in the middle of changing broadband providers and after a little forum perusing I found other people had had this problem too and most thought it was related to wifi circumstances. I changed the settings to hibernate the THRIVE after 30 minutes of on time and that seemed to alleviate the problem. I never actually let the 30 minutes expire, I just push the sleep/power button on the side to put it to sleep, but it was kind of a pain to figure it out in the first place, though i haven't had a single problem since.All in all, if you're looking for a solid, reliable, versatile tablet, it doesn't get any better than the THRIVE. Other tablets offer varying features in one form or another, but if you are one who prioritizes the functionality of your new tech purchases, not the appearance or status of owning an Apple product or some other product that's highly marketed, there is no better tablet than the THRIVE. It's connectable. It's upgradeable. No other tablet on the market can simultaneously connect and stream information through 3 different full-sized ports and cast your viewable images in full HD on an hdmi-compatible TV.It is a techie's dream. 5 stars.