I was concerned about purchasing this tablet due to all the negative reviews out there about the ROM/software and screen angle.  I purchased in June 2011, and found the ROM/ Android operating system to be acceptable after the first over the air update to version 3588.  I used it a week or two with that stock ROM and really didn't have any problems, so was hesitant to do any tweaking or hacking.  The tablet works with flash 10.1 to 10.3 contrary to many of the reviews.  There is a link to download it from Viewsonic's website ([...]).  As far as the screen, it is really a good screen, but it seems like it works better if you hold it upside down. Holding it normally, in landscape view, It needs to be viewed straight on, or from the top down. If you tilt the top away from you, it gets dimmer, and doesn't look good.  As long as you hold it flat to your view you are fine, but after a while the weight gets to you and you start tilting it away. At that point, just flip it over, and you can see it fine from the bottom view (tilted slightly away from your eye). Only problem with this is the switches are in a different position than normal, but I haven't had any real difficulty with that. So the screen is not really a big problem and it actually looks great from the right angles, or holding it upside down in landscape mode.Also during this initial 2 weeks time I was researching on the internet all the various options for 3rd party ROMs to use on the Viewsonic GTablet device.  There are many choices in ROMs for the GTablet, from Android 2.2, which it comes with, to 2.3 and 2.4, and also alpha or beta versions with Android Honeycomb 3.0.  Anyway, after a while using the default Viewsonic ROM the device stopped being able to find my music. It just quit showing up in the music player.  I tried other music players, and copying off and back on the music files, but still no luck.  Anyway, I finally got frustrated with this, and decided to take the leap and install a new ROM. It took me 3 attempts to get it to boot properly, having to use both nvflash (needs Windows USB drivers, which were a little difficult to get installed in Win7-64bit) and Clockworkmod. These are both developer tools for changing the ROM.  Anyway, there was a lot of information on the internet about the process, and many had tried and run into similar problems before, so a few quick google searches and I got the new ROM installed.  I went with a stable version of Andoid 2.3, along with some kernal tweaks that allow overclocking the processor. It really flies now, and works even better than before.  It also works with the Google android marketplace once hacked. Of course the Amazon Android marketplace is also very useful and I have made a few purchases there. ;-)Anyway, I am very happy to get a 10.1" high resolution Android tablet for $300 ($375 with nice carry case and extra 16GB SDHC card (again, from Amazon). It also has made my previous purchase of an internet radio, ipod touch, and Nook ereader not necessary, so those items will be going up on ebay soon. Who knows when I'm done, I may have my total net cost down to less than $200. That would really be awesome!!  So if you have a technical bent, and have possibly hacked or cracked devices before, are willing to keep trying until you get it done (ROM change), do not be afraid to purchase a GTablet. During June 2011, the Gtablets actually dropped to a low price of $249, but quickly turned around and are no longer available for much below $300. I think people are starting to realize it's a great deal on a great tablet.