This review is intended to cover Toshiba tablet which I compared to iPad 2 that I also own. I purchased Thrive for $299 with low expectations. I like the iPad,  but so does everyone else in my house. This tablet was supposed to offer an alternative to the iPad  and take on some of the internet browsing traffic from the iPad. Over all I was pleasantly surprised,  I like it more then I thought I would, and I would  buy it again for $299.  I will focus here on shortcomings of the product.  If you are interested in strengths read Toshiba's marketing materials or the 5 star reviews :-).  Here are my general observations starting with the most annoying items:- Cannot charge it using USB port / charger. If you travel you need to drag along another charger with you, and can't use external batteries.- Thrive's screen is a finger print super-magnet compared to the iPad. Not sure if is the material used for screen or the iPads cover cleans the screen as advertised... The screen on Thrive seems to be always 10 times greasier compared to the iPad.- Screen has significant glare which makes the fingerprints more visible and harder  to use in areas with strong light.- While watching videos, the picture quality seems to be lower compared to the iPad. I rented few videos from Google and watched the shows using Netflix on both tablets. The video quality was noticeable better on iPad. It could be because the Video streaming software is not yet optimized for Android tablets.- I was surprised about the few apps designed for tablets on the market.  Most of the apps that I had on my phone downloaded automatically when I setup my Google account, but they appear to be stretched versions of phone apps with the same menu systems and graphics.- Hulu Plus not available yet and Netflix was just made available. Again, Android is behind with software compared to iPad.- Buttons are in the weird locations. The power button is not behind the light that blinks when the tablet sleeps  so I have to look at every time  to find it. In addition, who needs these lights anyway?- Thrive is speedy and responsive but screens lags on occasions especially after you wake it up from sleep. It is more of a cosmetic then functionality issue, but it is there.-  No option to turn off mobile mode in the browser so a lot of websites open in the mobile mode and there is no way to view the full version. This option is on my Android 2.3 phone, so I hope it will be available in future updates.- I need to press an on screen  button to see  pictures in every email sent in html format. This is annoying and I cant find a way to change that behavior.- Battery life is very good but it is not 10 hours. I get through a day with a heavy usage without charging but I think the battery is good for no more than 7 hours.- Spell check/auto correct  is not working consistently in all apps. I am typing this review on Quickoffice on my tablet. If you see spelling mistakes, you know why.- No  way to create desktop folders. You need a third party app. Again this is something already available in Android 2.3 so it is strange it would not be available in 3.2- When using Google and Amazon music players, tablet will go to sleep after X minutes. Only when using Toshibas player, the screen will turn off and the tablet stay on while you listen to music.- No easy software / app to import / export pictures from memory stick or USB drives. iPad requires an adapter but when you buy it, importing and managing pictures is very easy.- No easy printing solution , only 3rd party clunky solutions.- No split screen keyboard included. This is a 10'  16:9 tablet so typing with thumbs is tough in landscape mode. There are good alternatives on the market place put they cost around $3Summary - Android has great potential but it is not yet as polished as the market leader.  Thrive has solid hardware and functionality not found on other tablets like the full size ports and removable battery.  If you are looking  for tablet  to be used mostly with  email and internet, and the issues I listed above will not drive you crazy,  look no further.  However, if selection of apps and the hassle-free operation is what you are looking for, you should wait for the next generation of Android tablets or consider iOS.***************11/23 - UpdateI am adding one star for flexibility that comes with full sized ports. Being able to plug in full sized cards and portable HDs is very handy. I also purchased stand that allows me to plug in a keyboard and a mouse. With that setup, I have a laptop replacement for working on longer emails where virtual keyboard and touch interface is not that convinient yet. The main issues for me are still the screen quality / resolution and a need to use dedicated charger.