Up until this past week, I owned a Kindle Fire HD (which I got refunded because of a hardware hiccup). I bought a Nexus 7 instead and, while I liked my Fire, I prefer the Nexus 7 in ALMOST every way. Below are some comparisons I've made between the two devices. Which one you end up with largely depends on what you want the device for, but here are some considerations.Android versus Kind-of-Android: As my Fire review attests, I took to Amazon's heavily 'skinned' Android more than I thought I would. But with the Nexus 7, you get Android Jellybean in all of its fullness. The Kindle Fire is the easier to navigate device, as the homescreen is basically a carousel of recent items and a list of categories (apps, books, games, movies, web) that you can select. But the Nexus 7's Android is fully customizable with the traditional five home screens you can use to place apps, widgets, bookmarks, and the like. Full Android takes some learning (ICS is more intuitive than prior releases, though), but if you want customization, Nexus beats Fire. I should also mention the internet browsers. With the Kindles, you get Amazon Silk, a fairly slow browser (yes, it markets as fast, but it is slow by every measure) whose biggest selling point is text-rendering. With Nexus, the default browser is Chrome, but there are some other great tablet-optimized browswers like Puffin and Dolphin; while none of them have text-rendering like Silk, a few are flash-enabled, allow private browsing, and some other stuff that Silk does not allow.Reading, Listening, and Watching: I use my tablet largely as a media consumption device, and toward that end, Amazon is second to none. Those of us locked into Amazon's ecosystem of books, movies, and music will do well with the Fire and its integration into the Amazon universe. Buy a book or album, it shows up on your device (or your cloud). Have Prime? It is easy to stream Prime videos straight to your device. But here's the thing: you can do a lot of this (except for streaming video) on the Nexus, as Amazon's apps are freely available on the Play market. The two things you will (kind of) give up are the robustness of the kindle ebook reading experience (text-to-speech, for instance, is only available on kindle devices) and streaming Prime movies. Of course, I said "kind-of" give up because you CAN stream prime movies on the Nexus 7 via a few Flash enabled browsers that you can find by doing a web search. Oh, and as far as ereading apps, you are not locked into any one provider on the Nexus: Google Boooks, Nook, Sony Reader, Mantano Reader, Aldiko - it is all easily available on the Play market (where with the Fire, you have to go through a fairly tedious sideload process).Tablet Hardware: Okay, here, the Nexus 7 is the CLEAR winner. In honesty, the Fire and Fire HD just strike me as somewhat cheaply made (and the Fire is just bulky). The Nexus is not only an inexpensive tablet, but a really pretty and solid-feeling one as well. It is lighter than the Fire (by a lot) and HD (by a noticeable little). The screen is just better on the Nexus than the HD (even though the specs are roughly the same), and the Nexus is DEFINITELY faster than either the Fire or HD. The two areas where I think the Kindle does have the advantage hardware-wise are that the side bezels are thicker (more room for your thumb to grip the front of the device in portrait mode), and the speakers (Fire and HD have stereo speakers that are very good quality, while Nexus has one speaker that is light and tinny).What each has that the other doesn't: The Nexus is more of a serious tablet than the Fire. It has features like Google voice search (like Appple's Siri, but more polished), Google Now (sort of a personal planner), and GPS. None of these are available on the Kindle Fire.On the other hand, the Fire and HD are great media consumption devices: on the devices, you get text-to-speech for most kindle books, whyspersync (where you can buy the book and audio book combo and have the kindle sync them so that you can switch between the two), and streaming of Prime video (per above, a big awkward on the Nexus). While not particularly a feature of the Fire or HD, I should mention that Amazon has phenomenal customer service for these devices, while Nexus customer support is spotty.Really, it comes down to what you want. As you can see, both devices have features the other does not have, but for my money, I still prefer the Nexus on balance. It is a more solid tablet (remember, my Fire HD's hardware encountered problems, which isn't normal, but it isn't abnormal). And it is a tablet that, unlike the Fire and HD, do not seek to lock you into one content provider. If it is available on the Play market, I can get it. And the Nexus's Google Voice and Google Now features are surprisingly helpful.