While Windows 7 may not be the best tablet OS I think many professional review sites that have blasted the windows Slates by comparing them against iPad don't appreciate what makes them great for real work and why they cost more. Let me list a few of the killer advantages of this Slate over competing cheaper tablets:1. wacom digitizer: makes this slate several times more useful for good note taking and sketching of ideas. It is also great for artistic sketching and painting in your spare time. Pressure sensitivity and eraser make part of the difference, but the most important point in its favor is just the finer control you get with the sharp tip vs. a finger.2. multitouch display makes it competitive with the ease of use of the cheaper tablets3. can run any of the apps I use at work, including fully featured Outlook, OneNote, Word, Powerpoint, Excel, Webex, Skype and if I wanted Visual Studio, although I prefer a proper laptop for that.4. No need to install many apps that are just a replacement for a website that doesn't work well on a mobile browser. Many apps today are just that. I can just use the more robust web browsers on windows instead. Example: OpenTable, Amazon, Mint, Yodlee.5. a solid stable OS. While I love Android I think it is taking a while to reach the level of quality of Windows 7.6. great performance: Core i5, 4 Gb RAM and 64 GB SSD make this slate very snappy for both entertainment and work applications. An iPad with 64 GB costs $700, but you get a slower CPU and 1/4 of RAM. To be fair its display is higher resolution, it has a 10 hour battery life vs. 7 in this case, and it has more sensor. Weight is 1.44 lbs for the new iPad and 1.9 lbs for the Samsung slate. Tablets with NVIDIA Tegra 3 quadcore CPUs are closer but Android lacks a bit. I expect Tegra 3 equipped tablets running WindowsRT (windows 8 on ARM) along with Wacom digitizers will be as good, but those are a few months away.I haven't tried the Windows 8 Consumer Preview but I heard great things about it on this Slate. I may wait until the final build because of software compatibility concerns (incompatible with the antivirus I need for work).All in all I am very satisfied with this product. So much that I felt compelled to write my first Amazon review for it, and I did it with its onscreen keyboard. And I have used Amazon Prime for almost two years and bougt my share of products before...In summary: if you are looking for a great tablet/slate for both real work this is it. It may not be as great as a cheaper tablet for mobile gaming (not sure how well the integrated GPU handles recent windows games which probably are not designed for a touchscreen anyhow, and it lacks the gyroscope), but for web browsing, music playing, online video watching and kindle reading it also does a better job than the cheaper tablets due to its higher performance and full uncapped web browsing experience (Flash, Silverlight, HTML5... watch Hulu or Netflix without an app).