I bought my 8 GB Thrive to take with me on a trip to Europe. As a 51 yo early adaptor nerd-Mom, I'm rough on electronics. When I did my research, it was the one that stood out from the crowd. Being on the geeky side, I like flexibility in my electronics, so the Thrive's multiple input/export ports were very attractive. I only got the 8 GB because it will take up to 128 GB of external storage and then there's media storage in the cloud for my Amazon content. The price was right with a discount for joining Audible (that I was going to do anyway!). Well, this tablet has been everything I expected. The only thing I would change would be to make the screen less shiny; I clean fingerprints off regularly - but often it's my bad for my greasy fingers... I recently bought a stylus, but haven't tried it out yet.For 5 weeks, I hauled the Thrive through Italy & France in my leather purse; that's how I've been carrying it since getting back, too. Despite sharing space with coins, keys and other misc stuff, after almost 3 months, there's not a scratch on it & the touch screen still works perfectly. It's great for showing photos; almost everyone I've used it to share photos with has been very impressed - especially those poor iPad slaves with no flexibility! I love being able to put the SD card from my camera and a 16 GB flash drive in and just transfer photos right to the drive. I made a digital photo book on a smaller flash drive that I took on my trip to share with people I met in Europe. I like having my storage in external media; I don't worry about losing it if my tablet gets lost or stolen.In Italy, we were in the middle of a catastrophic flood event. My son's 3 yo Acer net book got fried from the rain leaking into his camera bag.  My tablet got partly wet in my purse, but was perfectly fine. The power supply did get wet and was out of service for a few days, but works fine now it's completely dried out. Luckily, my tablet was almost fully charged at the time. The battery life is awesome! I get at least 10 hours of active use; putting it in sleep mode uses about 1/3 of the battery over about 12 hours. Turning off the Wi-Fi, which uses energy scanning for connections, extends it even more. I just had to be careful to use it sparingly and turn off the Wi-Fi if I wasn't actively using it, so I only had a couple days without charge before the power supply was working again.  There was no problem using European current with just adapters. It really does charge to 100% in about an hour - extremely convenient.The speakers are very good. It makes a difference how the tablet is oriented, since they are on what I would consider the bottom side. We listened to several audio books & kept up with our favorite news programs (including the Daily Show) during our trip. Streaming video works well in the native browser; unfortunately, moble firefox doesn't support flash, so there's no ad-block function. The screen is large enough that it is comfortable for 2 people to watch together. There is a minimal drop in brightness when viewing at an angle. I used the camera a few times when my Nikon wasn't available; not great resolution, but is good for snapshots.  I used it in wi-fi hotspots to keep in touch with my family in US much more cheaply than paying for smartphone data.So far, the Thrive has taken everything I've thrown at it so far (including a couple really impressive drops on a hardwood floor) without a blink. Luckily, it has a nice size Android keypad and apps that emulate Microsoft Office, because it has been the stand-in for a computer since Best Buy spent almost 6 months attempting to fix my fancy Asus laptop properly (miserable fail=full refund, right before trip). Then my brand new Samsung series 7 died only a few days after I got back (original ootb software pkg was unstable) and will be going back to the big box store as soon as the early holiday frenzy has died down. So all I can say is I'm glad my tough little tablet is living up to its name and Thriving!