I have now owned this computer for almost 3.5 years. I received it at the end of my freshman year of college and it has managed to get me all the way through my senior year without any serious issues.Functionally, everything works incredibly well - even the fingerprint scanner. My own brother's fingerprint can't fool it! Since I got it, I have installed a new harddrive, installed Windows 7 64 bit, and upgraded the RAM to 8GB. It runs great!!! The screen is a great size and decent brightness-not something you will want to work directly under the sun with though. I really love Fujitsu's incorporated tablet functions (screen rotations, dual axis scroller for when you are using the tablet in portrait mode, etc). And, if you are running Windows XP, I recommend that you download Microsoft's tablet essentials pack and you will find even more awesome features you can take advantage of within the tablet environment. (of course, upgrading to Windows 7 is probably a better idea, and it has a lot of native functions/support for tablet machines)The best part about this machine is it's hybrid nature, I use this laptop as a normal laptop about 90% of the time, but, whenever I find myself at work or school in need of jotting something down, or making some notes and edits on a typed document, I can just whip out the pen and use MS Word's inking function and circle, highlight, scratch out, or take LEGIBLE notes on text documents, screen shots, images. And whenever I find myself electronically signing a document, I can actually sign the document - of course not necessary, but pretty nifty. And it's modular! I can slip a CD drive in and out without blinking, and when I'm not using it to watch movies or burn images to a disk, I can just as easily swap in the additional modular battery so I have twice the juice powering my machine. It's soooo seamless.Speaking of which, the battery life is great, then of course I do have that second modular battery, which I seriously recommend the buyer purchasing! When I first got the laptop, I bet this thing could go 9 hours without charging with the extra battery! 3.5 years later, it lasts around 3 - 3.5 hours with both - not terrible, but not like it used to be (this is the case with any laptop though, so it's not a 'con' in my book!)The only issues I have encountered with the device are as follows:-The clip which holds the computer shut broke because my first year of using it in school, I never kept it in a well supported laptop pouch, so, the screen would want to rotate inside of my bag as I would constantly pick it up, set it down, where it on my back as I walked around, long boarded around, and sometimes ran around campus if I was late for something. Quite honestly, this thing has taken a ton of abuse, and I'm surprised it has held up as well as it has.-The sound is very quiet. I know that you can install software or possibly a different driver which can allow you to turn the volume up louder than what RealTek's driver does, I just don't know how much louder the speakers can go without blowing.-The screen hinge started making a lot of noise after about a year of use. It's no surprise really given all the beatings I put it through, and the fact that all of the weight/strain is on a tiny 2-way pivot joint. It honestly has held up incredibly well after all this time, and I have to give it to the engineers at Fujitsu on this one....but, getting to class late, and opening up my laptop which sounds like some old squeaky window is kind of embarrassing, but I noticed that if I do it really fast, it's much less noticeable ;). Unfortunately, I can't just lube the hinge up with some WD-40, so I'll just live with it until my next machine.-Lastly, it doesn't bother me, but it might to a new buyer...this tablet is heavier than a lot of today's laptops are, but take from a kid that rode around on a long board with this thing on his back for the last three years of college - it's no deal breaker.Buy the laptop-you won't regret it