In the past year, I ventured into the tablet world and purchased 1 iPad 2, 3 Kindle Fires, 1 Nook Color and Toshibe Thrive 16GB.  At any given time, my household have all these tablets charged.So, with these tablets to compare with, I can say I'm qualified to give a subjective review for Toshiba Thrive.I did not purchase this new.  I actually got mine from Woot (an Amazon reseller) for $100 less.  I bought a refurbished unit and received it in a week time.  On opening the product, it looked surprisingly new.  Toshibe really did a good job in refurbishing the unit.Power AdapterThe first thing that I did was to charge the battery.  Usually all electronics come with a battery half-full.  Toshiba neglects to do so.  The battery is totally empty and I couldn't turn it on.  It comes with the regular "brick" power adapter.  Unlike other USB chargers, this power adapter fully charged the Thrive in less than 2 hours.  The USB chargers for Kindle Fire and iPad takes 3-4 hours to be fully charged.User InterfaceToshiba Thrive is very responsive.  Loaded with Honeycomb 3.1, it is a pleasure to work with.  Everything is highly customizeable.  My wife's iPad environment is so closed sometimes I feel handicapped.  The Kindle Fires OS is also a closed environment but for my kids, it is perfect.  Nook Color is crap.  One thing I do not like is the power button.  It is located on the top right and it is very hard to depress.  At times, I press the volume rocker instead of the power button.AppsGoing into Android MarketPlace is seemless.  I was able to load Amazon AppStore without any trouble.  The first thing I did was to install Skype, Netflix and Anti-Virus software.  Android is a virus mecca, you can go very wrong if you install the wrong apps.I loaded Netflix and some of the videos did stutter.  Not sure why.  I tried some game apps they worked very well.  I especially like "Where's My Water" from Amazon AppStore.CameraThe cameras for the back and front are very week.  Taking pictures using these cameras produce very grainy photos.  I honestly don't understand the reason to have cameras beside making Skype calls.  So this is not a big deal.ExpansionsComparing to all the tables that I have, Toshiba Thrive is surely a winner.  SD card, USB port, HDMI output are excellent.  After we took some digital photos using our Canon SLR, I can quickly view them using my Thrive.  The Thrive produces very sharp photos.  Sure beats the needs to turn on my PC to download photos.  I cannot do any of these on the iPad, Nook Color or Kindle Fire.Build QualityThe entire unit looks solid and very well made, even for a refurbished unit.  The only thing I don't like is the back cover, which can be detached.  When I hold the back, I could feel it flexes, which gives the feeling of "don't break it".  The Thrive is the thickest among all the tablets that I have.  I plan to use it to do quick view of the web and some entertainment through the web.  I am using Thrive to replace all the Windows laptops that I have.  The thickness is not a deal breaker.I love this tablet for the price and its functionality.  I hate Windows.  Anything that I can use to replace Windows is fine with me.  That brings up the next point, you will never see me buy another Window laptop or Window tablet.Update March 21, 2012I bought this refurbished Thrive.  One thing I found out was it cannot be updated due to the wrong image that was installed.  This is a common problem for all refurbished Thrives.Also, Toshiba Thrive also turns on by itself for no apparent reason.  I searched the web and found out that this is a common problem with no clear solutions.Update May 10, 2012Toshiba had a push update on the Thrive.  There was an image update dated September.  For some reason I couldn't update my Thrive.  So I tried the image updated dated October.  That seemed to work.  Finally, another image update dated March finally update my thrive to Android 3.2.  I could tell that my Thrive is a lot speedier.  Will this fix the "auto" turn on problem.  We'll see.