I bought this computer as a replacement for another netbook. I figured the touch screen would be helpful for taking notes, marking up papers, and the like (I'm a PhD student). At the price, it couldn't be beat -- it was one of the lowest-cost touchscreen / tablet full computer (i.e., just like a regular computer, versus something like an iPad) portables on the market. I find a lot to like about the computer, but also a lot to dislike. Overall, a good value for the price, if you can deal with the minor annoyances.Major parts:- Touchscreen: A nice feature, definitely is fun to use in Microsoft OneNote. Not as useful as I thought it would be, mostly because Adobe Acrobat has terrible support for touchscreen (completely unexpected, for a product touted to be a replacement for paper ...). Occasional problems with deadzones, but these usually go away after cleaning. Slow response, due mostly to Windows 7, plus the fact that the computer is not terribly fast.- Screen / image quality: Could be better, could be worse. It does the job. Poor viewing angles. Image starts looking washed out if you're ten degrees off the vertical, which limits the usability of tablet mode. Also, screen has a slightly warm color cast ... the whites look a little orange-green. You can even it out somewhat with Windows 7 gamma control, but not entirely. Also, aspect ratio is a little off: images are flatter/wider than they should be, in landscape mode. This means in portrait mode, everything is taller/narrower than it should be. Moral of the story: To show pictures of yourself (or your significant other) in the most flattering light, use portrait mode :-)- Keyboard: Nice that the keys are close to full-size. Layout is overall okay, EXCEPT that the lower-left corner key is a FN function key, not a CTRL key as one might expect. The CTRL key is to the right of the FN key. Maybe someone could find a way to remap the keys, then you could swap them?- Touchpad: Overall, usable. Textured surface is nice. Note that there are no real buttons. The lower corners of the pad serve as pseudo-buttons. When you click, the whole pad dips down into the respective corner. Makes it hard to do click and drag, unless you use the tapping mode (but that only really works for left-click ...)Below are small annoyances (some smaller than others):- The fan: This fan is the single most annoying thing about this computer. Of course, when it's off, it's great. But when it's on ... it's super, super loud. And, for some reason, it runs almost all the time. If you can concentrate with a intermittent, usually on, stream of white noise emanating from in front of you, more power to you ... but I find that the fan noise breaks my concentration. It literally makes it hard for me to think. Note, it's almost unnoticeable out of the house, but at home, in my bedroom, where I do most of my work, it sounds very, very loud, at least to me. I thought the fan on my previous netbook (Acer Aspire One) was loud, but the Lenovo takes the cake. If you can not stand loud fan noises, do NOT buy this computer.- Webcam: The webcam gets the job done. But, it's off to the side, which means whoever you're camming with will get a three-quarter view of your face. This is not such a bad thing if the right side of your face is your "good side". Potentially disaster if it isn't ... :-)-Battery life: It's a 4-cell, which means it's light, both in terms of weight and power. Realistically, with Windows 7 Home, you're looking at a little under two hours. If you upgrade to an 8-cell, it'll stick out a little, and add about half a pound, bringing the weight up to about 3 pounds even, which is about the same as the weight of the 4-cell plus the AC adapter. I would recommend the 8-cell.- The AC adapter wire is a little on the short side. So in coffeeshops, you'll need to sit maybe a foot closer to a power outlet. I'd suggest just getting an 8-cell battery and leave the adapter at home.Tips:- Buy an 8-cell battery or be doomed to carry your AC adapter everywhere.- Get the 2 GB RAM upgrade if you don't want to spend half your life waiting for Windows 7 to respond to your mouse clicks.- Get a stylus or suffer from a constantly smudged screen. (Note: you need a touch-capacitive stylus. Any that work for the iPad will work.)- When turning the screen to enter / exit tablet mode, ALWAYS apply force to the bottom corners of the screen (near where the buttons on the screen bevel are). NEVER apply force to the top corners, otherwise you may suffer a crack in the screen which will most likely NOT be covered by warranty. Basically, when turning the screen, you want to do so in a way that causes the screen to flex the LEAST, which means applying force as close to the hinge as possible.Overall:- A good value for the price, if you can deal with the minor annoyances.- I personally would not buy this computer again.