UPDATE: After 6 months with this tablet I can no longer recommend. It is half as good as the ipad which my wife has. Apple just got the tablet thing right. Dont bother with this tablet, even if you root it, its 50% of what the ipad is in both downloading various content, ease of use, and image quality. And I hate apple, not a fan, still think they are too expensive. If you can score this tablet for 200 then fine, but might as well fork the extra dough and buy an Apple, its so much more worth it.Viewsonic G tab - For Dummies (me)--------- Loved it after I realized what to do. When I first read the reviews on here I was like what in the heck are these people saying???? Rooting? ROM's? Installing new software? I don't know a lot about computers so I figured I'd break it down for us computer illiterate.In short here is what they are saying...1.  This tablet stinks if you use the original software it comes with - For the normal person updating/fixing your tablet is NOT AN OPTION. If you want to buy this tablet and use the original software it comes with, I'd pass. However, it is cheap, you can get this new now for around $250-275, so may be still worth it, since spending another $300 on an ipad is a lot! the stock Gtab is not horrible, but it aint great either.2.  If you think out of the box a little you can make this tablet into a STUD! This is what these guys are talking about with Rooting, Roms, etc. This tablet goes from average to AWESOME after you do this, and if you can do this, pay under $300 for it, you probably found the best deal in the tab market, hands down.3.  So you ask how do you do this, cause believe me I had ZERO CLUE TOO. Well, you can go two routes really...find a friend or a guy at work that knows computers pay him 30-50 bucks and have him do it for you (not a bad option considering you still paid a low amount for it). When their done your tab will be worth 500-600. Tell your friend to go to XDA-Developers.com and they'll know what to do from there, since for any computer guy this isn't hard to do.4.  Second option is to learn yourself, if you dont know computers well, this may take some learning, a little effort, but in the end you'll be a smarter person and better consumer for it. There are so many people willing to help its great. The first amazon reviewer (under most helpful), Roebeet has been excellent on here but he has also been great on XDA-Developers (a website geared towards people + forums using Androids (not ipads). These guys have everything broken down for you step by step. For those with marginal computer skill it will definitely take some patience and learning, but if you are willing to put in the extra effort than it will surely pay off. Since i feel this tablet is worth 600 with the new software installed.5.  Here is the gem I found on how to do it yourself...This guy made a Viewsonic G Tablet for Dummies Website (and for dummies like me) IT IS AWESOME. Literally he walks thru every single solitary step. Here is the site (I have to alter the URL so just replace the zero in the .c0m) [...]This is a must buy if you don't mind a little extra work to make your tablet great.The fact you plug in USB's, Micro USBs, expanding storage and allowing you to hook up to USB keyboards, etc makes it easier and more convenient to use than the IPAD. The upgrade + the price = best value on the market. I paid around $250 for this, vs. the lowest grade IPAD 2 at about $540 when including tax. A little more effort on my part is worth almost $300 if you ask me, but hey some people dont want to be bothered so I understand. In the end Im very happy I took this route since I learned so much more about computers all while saving a ton of money.