OK first of all the Acer iconia A500 is an amazing tablet and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a high quality android tablet.OK you bought an Asus transformer over this!? I don't think so this has an ON BOARD USB host slot which is way better because if you want one for the Asus you have to buy an additional dock for 150 dollars, I thought you were looking for a tablet not a labtop and it adds like three more pounds also. And the Asus has gorrila glass, I don't care that thing has light bleeds on the edges, iconia doesn't have those and the screens are almost identical probably both the same quality. Also now the iconia is way cheaper also I bought mine for 350 brand new but the Asus is about 370-380 brand new, and the Asus is a bit wider than the iconia and won't fit in some cases. And the camera on iconia has flash which is also a bonus also an auto landscape or portrait locking switch. So I still don't know why you bought it over the Iconia.the only reason you would buy this because the extra keyboard gives you more batteryNow lets talk about why you bought Samsung galaxy tab 10.1 over this. First of the iconia has HDMI, USB Host slot, micro SD card slot and has auto landscape portrait mode switch, well lets just say galaxy tab HAS NONE OF THOSE!! Why would you not want a micro USB slot, yeah you could use the cloud service thing for transferring over files but does the cloud service charge things? I don't think so but I do think the USB slot does, and if you bought a hub to connect more than one device to it you could hook up a hub to the USB slot, cloud doesn't do that. USB slot can hook up a hard drive or flash drive to it, cloud cant. And I'm not saying the cloud is a bad thing I actually like it but a USB slot is just way better. And and HDMI is a huge plus if you want to share something on a bigger screen and play movies in 1080p format. Also a micro SD slot has to be on a device unless you don't want extra storage I mean I want extra storage don't you? And yeah there are adapters for all of these things, but do you really want to pay 30-40 for an adapter that sticks out like an inch or so, and the micro sd adapter is for only media exchange I believe. And the only reason you would buy this because its much rhinner and lighter and maybe better battery life and screenNow why did you buy a Toshiba thrive over this? Well this one is almost even but the Acer iconia is way thinner and lighter and has flash and gets better battery life and doesn't have those annoying lights on the front of the tablet. Yeah the thrive has a removable battery which is nice but batteries usually last awhile. And the thrive has a full sd card slot which can support up to 128gb. But I would still prefer the iconia over this.Why did you buy the xoom over this? Iconia has way more ports than xoom and the power button in a better spot and xoom doesn't even have haptic feedback or any vibration in it. The SD card slot doesn't even work which is a huge minus. So xoom kind of close but too heavy for how small it is and iconia is still my choiceWhy did you buy an Ipad over this? Comes down to one thing, iOS or Android honeycomb. But I like honeycomb and android way better than ios, and Ipad has not ports eitherThat's why I bought an Acer iconia over those tabletsSorry for any spelling mistakes, typed it on my Acer iconia tab(THIS IS JUST AN OPINION NOT TRYING TO BE MEAN OR ANYTHING, NOT TRYING TO BE A CRITIC)