I have had an iPad for almost 10 months now, the original one that is.  Then the iPad 2 came, but I did not buy it because I didnt see any reason to spend another $500.  I waited and waited, and then came the HP TouchPad, at a local brick and mortar store- which specializes in stationary items, for $200 off the MSRP coupled with manufacturer's coupon.  The offer appeared too good to pass.  I was surprised that even with such a discount, they had the product in stock.  I bought one and played with it for 3 days.  First and foremost, WebOS has a wonderful interface, but it is not supported by a worthy hardware.  The TouchPad looks and feels flimsy compared to the iPad.  It has an all plastic body, and is a finger magnet.  It can not even come close to the iPad when it comes to build quality and fit and finish.  Even though the OS is a welcome change from familiar Android (i have a galaxy phone)and iOS it is not polished.  The display panel, similar to iPad, lacks its brightness and crispness.  The webOS fonts looks washed out, unless zoomed in.  Something similar to windows fonts when you disable the 'clear-type' feature.  It also has a bluish- cool cast to the images compared to the warm tone of iPad.  I placed them side by side, and loaded similar web-sites and to my dismay, iPad seems to load pages faster at times- but the most striking fact was that similar sites when loaed on the TouchPad, showed pages loaded incorrectly, with bits and pieces missing, I even noticed some tabs on web pages missing on the TouchPad...!!!! Now that's unacceptable.  Things were not much different in landscape mode, but the fonts appeared better.  Youtube videos were hit or miss.  Sometimes it will play fine, sometimes it will take forever to load and then it would miss audio completely.  Frustrating....!!!  The speakers were loud, and sounded better, but were inconsistent throughout.  It was hardly audible on some videos(On Youtube) and just enough on others.  i tried headphones too..with not much better result.  Compare that to iPad, where I can't crank the volume up all the way with my headphones- it gets too loud!!!!Then there was the deal breaker, the battery life.  The TouchPad battery life is not good enough.  I had the brightness set half way but the battery would drop 15-20% IN JUST ABOUT AN HOUR OF USE...!!!!!!  iPad seems to run forever..I mean this thing if you are using it for couple of hours a day for normal browsing and stuff, would only need charging once a week...!!!! Apple definitely has a huge edge here, nothing can match it.Finally multi-tasking, HP is better.  You can simply stack up the tasks and move from one to another with ease.  The dual core processor is simply outstanding.  On iPad, you double click on the home button and can switch between tasks, but it slows it down.  But my question is, whats the use of multitasking- if you are only doing half baked tasks..!!!!!?????I really wanted to like it, but it's not ready for prime time.  Not for the price.  I was surprised to see positive glowing reviews from Amazon customers, when I bought it.  As I logged back in today to leave a review, I see Amazon message that the product is under review, coupled with the news that another brick and mortar store dealing with electronics has an unsold shipment of 90% of the inventory- I'm convinced HP has a loser here.  If this review can save couple of hundred dollars of my fellow Amazon shoppers, I would be glad to do my part.  I got my money back, make sure you don't lose yours.  Those of us who are happy with the product, I hope stay happier, because HP is about to pull the plug on this one.