I'm a techy, I enjoy working with technology and customizing them in simple ways to make them work for me. I'm also a musician, and I'm not usually at home for days at a time. I didn't want to carry my laptop everywhere because its where I do most of my musical project, and didn't want to risk anything happening to it. So I decided to get a tablet for when I'm moving around.After some research, I found a way to make this Coby Kyros MID7125 work for me. Here is what I did.I bought this tablet, which a neat little device, everything worked right out of the box. When I plug it into the computer, it brings up 2 things:-The internal memory of the Kyros-The SD memory (if you have a card installed)I was a little bummed that it doesn't charge while connected to the computer, but I did find out that if I turn it "off", it holds what ever charge it has until you turn it on the next time. I had charged it fully, turned it off, and didn't use it for over 2 days, and it had full charge.It picks up on the wireless network pretty good.Physical keyboard & case in oneThe second thing I did was buy the 7' case which has the built in USB keyboard, this made my life MUCH easier, because its easier for me to simply type on a physical keyboard, then on using the stylus on the screen.Here is a link to the case, which was "Plug & Play". The Kyros already comes with the proper adapter for it.[...]Android Market.Its true that this doesn't have the Android Market place, BUT I have found instructions on how to install the market place, and it worked like a charm.(Make sure you have an SD card to make this happen)Here is the youtube instructions, and the files you need are in the description of that video.[...]There is something I've noticed though, even after installing the market place, there were some apps that I couldn't find IN the market place, apps such as Evernote & Blogger. The reason I wanted Evernote (aside from it being a great app) is that it will allow me to actually type documents, ideas, & what not while I'm on the road, without needing to turn on the WiFi. & I will then have access to those notes later when I return home to my computer.The way around this is by looking for the "apk" files, so for example, I went on google and looked for "Evernote.apk", you simple save that file to your SD Card, and once you insert the card into your Kyros, use the build in program called "APK Installer", it will find the file, you simply click it to install, & voila.Another way (if your not near a computer): While on the tablet (assuming your connected to WiFi), you open up the browser, search for the "apk" file, download and install right then & there. I actually tried this and it worked.The CameraThis model (MID7125) has a front facing camera, which takes pictures & videos. So far I have not found away to share those pics & videos via the installed camera program. So now I'm on search to hopefully find an app that would allow me to do that on the Kyros.The quality is, ok. Nothing to write home about.So my advice is, if you are planning on taking this on the road, instead of your netbook or laptop, make sure to install all the applications you need before you hit the road. I'm mainly using it for entertainment (watching movies on my SD Card) & writing notes and blog posts when I have a chance.I don't for see it replacing my laptop, but it is a good alternative if your going away for a few days, want to stay connected, & don't want to take your laptop.I hope this has helped.Take care.