I like this, I like this alot! It is a good size and easy to hold in your hand from both weight and it's unique design. It is one heck of a fingerprint magnet but I got a cheap matte screen protector and that issue is all but completely gone. It takes a bit too long to "boot up" IMO and it is a tad bit annoying but I can deal with that. It is at times a bit touchy on the touch screen as in several times I hit it and not even know I hit it or several times it takes a few times to respond as if it is locked up. It doesn't happen too much so I can deal with that as well. My only real complaint is battery life. I just wish the battery lasted longer on full charge. I have to charge it every other day or so. The added memory is not quite as I would like it since you can only transfer files and not really access it for use. A free app took care of that though. It does this "SD Card Inserted" pop-up every time you turn it on so you can tell it if you want to transfer files or not. It is quite annoying especially since it has a transfer app already, seems just a bit redundant. The custom background image setting is kinda lame since you only get to use the very center of the custom image and most of it is completely dropped off. Something about it having to clip so much cause it changes landscape to portrait view yadda yadda yadda.....I had to customize one in photoshop in order for it to look right. Takes mediocre pictures and less than mediocre video. This is where it is very lacking if at all. Bottom line, as a tablet it does very well but all the "non-tablet" items it does, it lacks greatly.2/13/2013: Gotta edit this since I have had it for a while now and I will say at this point I am VERY disappointed. It seems to have deteriorated over time when it comes to performance. The worse being online.....it is pure aggravation getting online at all. The screen becomes completely unresponsive as of late online. Pure frustration. Clicking the screen multiple times to get a response and most of the time it only zooms in. It has begun to reset on it's own for no apparent reason as well. Then this error constantly comes up saying "yadda yadda has quit working" and the desktop background does not display and then it shuts down on its own over and over again. The only fix is to do a hard re-set. WiFi is the speed of molasses on a cold day and most of the time only loads less then half a page and then hangs up. About 40% of the apps that are suppose to be compatible do not work at all. Really disappointed at this point and won't be buying another Sony Tablet again.