Full disclosure - I returned my Dell Streak 7, mainly due to a defective right speaker.  I was on the fence about getting a replacement, but in the end it just wasn't quite there for me.  That said, there are things that I absolutely liked about it, and a few things things that I didn't (aside from the defective speaker.)I like the 7" form factor.  I know Steve Jobs and many other people pooh-pooh that size, but I find the iPad-sized tablets awkward to hold when lying in bed reading, or trying to type.  I much prefer the 7", but - to each his own.  I have used iPads as we have one in my family, so this is not a blind comparison.The screen resolution is "meh". Yes I was aware of the screen resolution issue when I purchased it, and it really isn't a deal killer at the right price, but it could be better.  In fact, considering the really crummy rear facing camera, Dell should have nixed the camera altogether and spent the money on a better screen.  Personally I am not a fan of rear-facing cameras on tablets anyway, as they are awkward to use and fairly poor quality generally - on par with smartphone quality, in which case I'd prefer to simply use my smartphone to snap candid pics, and use my dSLR for actual photography.  Front-cameras I understand, but with the Dell Streak 7, I can't comment because the Wi-Fi version didn't have any software that could access it.  Even the built-in camera app doesn't offer the option to switch to front camera, as far as I could tell.  Strange that.The Streak is fast, web pages load quickly, and there is not much lag when opening apps.  Flash worked surprisingly well - I could watch Amazon Prime Instant Videos without a hiccup.  Flash does seem to slow down the load time of web pages, but once it is loaded, the Streak worked quite well.  It was nice being able to browse news sites and watch the videos embedded in the page. I did experience quite a few crashes, again not a deal killer, but more than I would expect for a fairly mature operating system running on a fast processor. As many have mentioned, the battery life is pretty dismal - not an issue for me as it was being used as an "around the house" gadget, but if you took this thing out on the town, I would be worried that the battery wouldn't last the day.  Also the Wi-Fi would drop every once in awhile and not log back on automatically, so I would have to manually re-connect.  Maybe there is a setting I am not aware of that would fix that problem.I'm not going to spend much time in this review talking about the Android Froyo operating system, suffice to say, Dell really needs to upgrade to Honeycomb, as the rumors suggest they will.  Froyo just seems so, 2008 - in fact I used to have (still have actually) a Nokia N800, and the mail and calendar apps on the Streak 7 seem no better than the apps on the N800.  The overall polish of the OS was lacking.  So, I don't know.  I'm no Apple fanboy, but to me, the Streak 7 could be the greatest thing ever, if there were no such thing as an iPad.  But compared to the iPad, the Streak is very unrefined, just about 80% there.For the price, if Dell upgrades the OS, it's worth it, assuming your copy isn't defective. Personally I am holding out hope that Amazon puts out it's own 7" tablet later this year, as again the rumors suggest.