I had reluctantly started using the iPhone 4 after many years with Windows Mobile.  I must say that I really enjoy the iPhone experience, and only have a few minor gripes with it.  Recently got an iPad 2, and while it's enjoyable, and great for kids to watch videos on, I found it a little awkward to use as a laptop replacement.So I was very interested in the Touchpad.  Overall, I really like the Touchpad, and it took a little bit of time to get used to it, after using iOS for about one year.  Here's what I like:1) Card-based multitasking is great.  I can close windows and apps very easily, and bring back open ones nicely.  It's a more elegant way to switch between apps than iOS, especially going back and forth between e-mails or web pages.2) Resizable keyboard with number keys on the main keyboard.  Although the iOS keyboard is fine for a phone, it worked poorly for me on an iPad.  I like the Touchpad's much better, opting to reduce it to the small size keyboard.3) Flash works fairly well, although there are some stutters when resizing the browser.  But Amazon cloud player worked, as did Hulu and ABC web sites.4) Synergy - incorporating multiple on-line services such as Facebook, Dropbox, Exchange, and others, makes it very easy to work in the cloud.5) Erasing the device was painless (and maybe too easy?).  But recovery without a PC, such as the iPad was a snap.  The device automatically synced my previously downloaded apps.  Re-enter your passwords for the online services, and you're set.6) Audio sounds really good.  I don't know if the Beats help much, but the speakers sound decent, and with the cheap iPhone headphones, sound better than the iPhone.7) Wireless printing was effortless.  It found my printer, and I was able to print web pages and PDF files easily.  Way easier than with iOS.I do have a few complaints and hopefully many will get corrected very soon:1) I managed to crash the Touchpad a few times doing things like resizing images or starting apps.  There are bugs to be worked out for sure.2) The display rotation is too sensitive.  There were times when it would rotate too easily, but also times where the device wouldn't rotate without a few tries.  Rotation lock, while not a physical switch, proved very useful.3) The screen is a fingerprint magnet.  Fortunately it comes with a cloth.4) Battery life is perhaps a little bit less than an iPad 2, but decent.5) Web browser dragging is annoying when trying to use Flash-based sites.  Instead of clicking on a button, you end up dragging and moving the window.6) At a few points, the screen seems a little unresponsive, or at least not immediately responsive.7) Text selection is not as nice as iOS.  With iOS, you can press and hold, and then move the cursor to where you want it with the magnification.  This type of functionality would help immensely, especially when doing lots of typing.Some people complain that lacking a rear-facing camera and the heavier weight are huge detractors, but I barely notice it.  Sure, it's thicker than and iPad 2 and weighs more, but it's not that big of a deal.  I really don't mind it.  I don't have much need for taking pictures with the Touchpad either.  The phone can do that, and I can copy pictures via Dropbox.A small selection of apps is not too big of a deal at this point, since you can easily go online and use the full desktop version of many services.  Lots of iOS apps are just repackaged web sites.  No big deal.  But a note taking app with which you can hand write or draw would make this a great office tool.  The Evernote app needs to be updated for the larger screen for sure.Overall, the HP Touchpad is a viable contender, especially if HP can get the updates out very soon. There's a lot of potential here, even if it doesn't become the #1 tablet.