I got this as a Christmas present from my wife. I do like all the features (USB, SDcard, bluetooth, etc.) but I still wish this could do more. This is mostly at fault to Google and Android, though, as it is software limitations that are causing me headaches. A few things I'd like to do which seem very difficult to me (and I'm pretty computer savvy):1. Play all of my video files...MPEG, AVI, MOV, etc...I've found some apps that'll do some but not others. Found one app that seemed to work but then wouldn't play the entire video on some! Also, digital movies are pretty much useless on here. I've tried converting them using multiple programs with no luck (always choppy or something corrupt).2. Open office documents easily and be able to create and save Excel, Word, Powerpoint....again, some apps for this but some you have to pay for. Google Drive seems useless to me.3. Would like to access my NAS (server) and music, pictures, etc. that are shared on it...easily! I can use the LG NAS apps to access the data, and that works but I have to download it to the tablet in order to open it. I'd like to be able to stream it directly through the network, like I can do with my laptops...maybe I just haven't found the trick or the app but this seems like rocket science to me and is frustrating.4. Manage my finances using my tablet....right now I have to boot up my laptop when it comes time to pay bills because I currently use Microsoft Money to manage my finances. I know Money is obsolete now and don't expect an app for that, but I looked into switching to Quicken and I don't see any apps for Quicken either...so for now I'm stuck using my laptop every time I have to enter in receipts, etc...which is quite often for me!5. Wish it was powerful enough to run my car's tuning software, but I know it would never be compatible anyway. So, I still have to use my 6 year old laptop for this as well which hooks to my ECU/chip via USB (Moates Quarterhorse using Binary Editor and EEC Analyzer)6. Needs Chrome browser. I would like to be able to integrate my Chrome hyperlinks, etc. with my Tablet. Current Honeycomb browser is terrible and has errors all the time (force closes). I currently use Opera which is more stable but still don't like their bookmark setup.7. Still no sign of ICS (Android 4.0). My new phone has it and it seems nice, though not sure how much better it will make this tablet but I'd still like to have the latest and greatest.For me, this is really only good for browsing the web or it is handy looking stuff up when out working on a car. I put Invisishield on it and got a flip case for it to protect the screen and body and those do a great job.I am in the market for a new laptop, and may wait out for a good Windows 8 tablet that can run my tuning software (with Core i5 or something simlar to the Microsoft Surface) and then I really won't have a use for this anymore. Too bad as I love the potential for Android and love it on my phone for sure, but not sure if they can really keep up with Apple on apps and features for tablets...and with a Windows-based tablet or even ultrabook you can do so much more than either, though you'll likely be paying a premium for that. For me, I still need a laptop for the things mentioned above, so I'd love to integrate both into one unit which soon I may be able to...just not sure if Android will be the base or Windows will be the way to go (more likely).