As an e-book reader, I think it is quite good. The resolution is good enough for reading books. I even bought a book to use on the Kindle app, the 1977 NASB, to be exact. It works as advertised. Since I paid less than $90 for my tablet (not counting postage) I was ahead of the game when it came to that. Another important app that I installed works for a well, called And-Bible. I downloaded this from the freewarelovers site. It worked quite well. The only thing that didn't work was the text-to-speech function, which I really don't need.The installed apps for the T301, all seem to work, well most is I tried anyway. With Froyo OS installed, things were quite smoothly. Using the Skyfire browser, I even could look at a limited amount of Flash files. It works quite well on YouTube videos. You can load your own videos, still pictures, and audio MP3 files, and have a good device to handle those as well.Now, after all these compliments, you might wonder why only gave it a "good" rating? First of all, it will often jump out of a very long webpage--no matter what browser I'm using--or perhaps a page that has some video content that upsets it? This can be irksome, to say the least. It almost always handles mobile webpages and short standard webpages  well.  I found out, apparently, what was causing the problem, JavaScript.  It is very easy to turn off in the included browser. Resets caused by certain webpages seems to have been eliminated.Now, this tablet is doing most everything I want. I do want remote control of at least one of my home computers. This actually might be done, I got it to control a netbook on my home Wi-Fi. I used AndroidVNC (at the freewarelovers site) and TightVNC on the Windows machine. However, this may wipe out the Fancy Widget and clear your screen of that particular clock and weather forecasting widget. However, for me this is not a big deal. Setting up TightVNC on a Windows machine is a pain in the neck, though. No, Teamviewer will not work on this tablet. Probably the other major frustration of this tablet is not what doesn't work at all but partly works, such as AndroidVNC which apparently works with the aforementioned consequences as does App2sdpro.apk. You can get App2sdpro to work, actually quite well for programs, which can be moved, but it seems to either erase or not transfer material such as bookmarks for browsers. This is could be a serious nuisance for some people.  Considering there are few apps that I want to run on this tablet; I can keep everything I want just on the flash memory of the tablet. But, I would have hoped that apps could be transferred smoothly from flash to SD card.There are of course apps that don't run on it, but also quite a few that do. Just be aware so when experimenting you might get some surprising and unpleasant results. Unless you consider this  as a learning experience for you, and that is what in part I look upon it as, for Android devices. So, if you get the tablet for the right uses and reasons--and especially the right price--I can recommend it, because it is solidly built (Yes, don't drop it on your foot, it might hurt!), and I found the help that Micro Velocity staff provides is good.