Apple released one of the most amazing products on March 2 of 2011 called the iPad 2, and it is one of the most innovating and exciting tablets to hit the market. This aluminum body tablet is 9.7 inches weighing 1.3 pounds making it one of the lightest tablets on the market today, also having an A5 dual chip processor and a 720p retina screen display. It comes in three sizes, 16,32 and 64 depending on your downloading and previous photos, videos and music you can choose which one will better suit you. This tablet is a must buy if you're a traveler or you want a cool gadget to play games, listen to music, take photos and view all your social networks. Not to mention its great battery life when your on the go except for when your watching movies. The layout on the device is very structured so if you're a user that has an android phone then you probably wont like the feel that the iPad gives out. If you're an apple fanatic like myself who has all apple products then this will be another great add on to the collection.  Working at BestBuy you have the exciting job to know all the truth behind products as well as being able to get them a little early, nevertheless I must say that this was worth the buy. For the average man it will cost you 500 dollars, 543.11 to be exact when you pay NYS tax but like I said it's worth the buy. Launching the iPad was a great idea, with this device you can take notes and organize your daily tasks and if you just want a device to use to play thousands of games (many which are free) then this is a great buy. Personally carrying a MacBook pro to school each and everyday puts a toll on your back, so the iPad is a easier way to have a device which can do most of the things your computer can do, it is called an accessory to a MacBook  Personally this has to be one of greatest products out there I remember when I first bought it and synced it using iCloud to my other apple devices. Apple has always had a classy start up screen, so all you see in BOLD letters is "Welcome" following "IPAD 2" in an artistic but simple manner. I take it with me to school every time so I can take my notes and search the web, not to mention going on twitter or Facebook while class isn't in session. Its your everyday "Big cellphone" you cant help but take pictures on it, or add music it to and buy dozens of cases as if it were on of your new cellphones. The only thing that might bother a user is that it doesn't support Adobe Flash player. Many people can't stand that because they love to watch movies and video clips and the iPad doesn't support it, that is the biggest upset with the iPad. With the iPad you have the option of accessing the Internet via Wi-Fi or threw a hotspot, which is convenient for the user making it easy to tap into the World Wide Web. Overall if this device is in your budget you should get one, preferably a black one, the white one gets pretty dirty (I have one). If you are buying the iPad make sure you also include a protection plan because if you accidently drop it (since your going to be having a world of fun) the screen will crack, it is made up of glass.  Enjoy!