This is a great tablet, as you can see all of the specifications on the main page. What this won't tell you is that this is full windows 7, everything you can do on a desktop can be done here with only the power limitations to consider.I got this mainly because I knew it could play less graphics intensive games. I play Diablo 3, Torchlight, Puzzle quest, WoW, things like that on here and they run relatively smoothly. Some take a bit to load but after that they run great. I don't like the android and ipad games.I also got this because it has an RJ45 jack, so I'm not limited to wireless. Also the keyboard attachment is decent. It gets the job done. It has plenty of USB ports for external hard drive and mouse, so I have absolutely no complaints with the keyboard dock. I'm amazed it even has that ability.Windows 7 runs great with a touchscreen although not optimized for it. With 1200x800 resolution it's sometimes hard to hit the tiny icons but Acer did well with the touch response.The hard drive space is limited, but has an SD card slot and usb ports for external, so not a huge concern for me. When I go home I change what I want... I'm never out of my house long enough to worry about having limited space. This shares almost instantly over wireless between my home computer so I can transfer files in a decent amount of time.I removed everything I don't use, which was practically everything it came with besides windows, updated all of the drivers on ACER's website, and everything runs well. One complaint is stuttering streaming video with youtube and netflix, but I don't use those often enough to let that bother me. It happens over wireless and I assume it's a driver bitrate issue, because silverlight and flash are terrible for streaming video on tablets. Amazon's streaming service works very well though :) Interestingly on ethernet, streaming video works perfectly. I don't understand that.Nitpicking I can say the usb port on the bottom is annoying... but why am I going to hook up USB while I'm holding a tablet? I'll connect it to the dock before I do that. But it would have been nice to have the USB port on the side when I do connect it to the dock just for the extra port if I ever need it... but not like I'm looking to plug all kinds of things into a tablet. The more I carry the less portable this becomes.Overall I'm pleased with the full windows and ability to play games, 5 hours of battery life is to be expected with this kind of hardware. I can edit my excel files and powerpoints for work, send e-mail, print documents, run my work applications... it's perfect for that on the fly last minute changes. I no longer have to worry about stupid Ipad and Android apps being compatible or viewing issues. I have full office at my disposal.Thank god they started making these... was getting sick of just having unreliable toys. I like toys... but they have to be able to get work done as well.