It's very simple. If you want an ipad and you can afford it. Go with the ipad. You are not going to be satisfied with the Fire. If you think the Fire can replace your obsession for an ipad, you're forever going to look at the Kindle Fire like the Honda Civic you bought when you had a shot to get a BMW. However, if you don't want to spend $500 on a basic ipad and rather spend around $200, the Fire is definitely a device you should look into.I look at this not as a pro and con post, because my cons are not necessarily cons to you. I look at this as a matter of WANTS and NEEDS. I will list the features that the Kindle Fire does and does not have, things it does well and things it does poorly. At the end, if you have a giant list of "needs" in the section where the Fire is missing, then definitely look at other options for tablets. However, if most of the things the Fire are missing are "wants" or "don't needs" for you, then this tablet might be the right answer.Exterior - First thing you notice about the Fire is it's sleek all black design. The tablet is not too heavy or too thick for you to keep in one hand. Unlike the ipad, it doesn't get too hot after a long period of usage. No camera, no mic, so you won't be able to skype using the device.Display - Currently the Fire only offers a 7 inch display. It is anti reflective and it feels durable. I have no issues with a 7 inch screen but some people might prefer a larger screen to watch videos on.Storage/Cloud - You get a quick sense that Amazon is pushing their cloud drive with the way they set up the Fire storage. Only 8 GBs of storage (probably around 7 GBs with the OS) and no SD card slot for expansion. Their Cloud system is very integrated with the device. Everything you upload to their cloud system pops up on the Fire instantly. The issue with that is you will need a wi-fi connection when you want to access your contents. This situation might make it difficult to use if you travel a lot and won't have many easily accessible wi-fi spots.Interface - This was an area of concern for me. I wouldn't say I am an Apple "fanboy", but I am definitely a big fan of their tablet and iphone interface. The Fire's interface was good, but not great. The apps, music, videos, web were all easy to access, and it's response time is pretty quick compared to some of the other tablet at it's price point like the HP touchpad.Apps - The other concern was the lack of apps for the kindle store. And it seems like Fire definitely is losing the battle here. Half the apps I would have liked on my tablet like mint, bank of America, integrated Facebook and twitter, and yelp are all currently missing from the Fire. To get to facebook or twitter, the best option currently is to access it through the browser.E-Reader - Like the ipad, I can't read on the Fire due to it's backlight. Hurts my eyes way too much if I stare at it for a long period of time. I'm glad I kept my Kindle 3 around. If the backlight doesn't bother you too much, then this is a pretty good e-reader. The page turns respond to your touch well, and you can skip chapters and sections pretty quickly. Amazon also gives you the option of borrowing 1 book per month, which is pretty cool for people who want to try some books for free.MP3/Video - Another aspect that I was worried about. But it plays music and video very well. If you have Amazon Prime (which I highly recommend), you can stream TV shows and Movies very easily with the Fire. The videos are in good quality, the sound from the speakers are loud and clear. The only issue I had was that there wasn't an easy way to turn up or down the volume while watching a video.Amazon is actually taking a $10 loss with every Kindle Fire sold. This is because they are banking of the Fire users to spend some extra money on the extra Amazon features like cloud and amazon prime to fully utilize the Fire and help Amazon turn an overall profit on the Fire.Sure, the Fire is definitely going to lack the "cool" factor that the ipad brings. With the ipad, you can be that "cool" guy at the airport or the "cool" guy walking around with the ipad. But if you just want a tablet to check e-mails and surf the web with, and don't really want to spend $500 or more on an ipad, the Kindle Fire is definitely the right tablet for you.