I am 30 yr old and also have been a blackberry smartphone user since 2007. I was so glad when the BB PB was released because I had tried other touchscreen smartphones thinking that I would join the touchscreen revolution. Unfortunately, I was disappointed with each one. The BlackBerry PB offers so much along with the stability of it's operating system. I decided to write this review because of I'm fed up with the online articles and reviews from people who aren't BlackBerry smartphone users. It was obvious when BB designed the PB they had their current users in mind and they also had in mind the future capabilities of the operating system and how both the phone and tablet would work together. BB has always been for the business professional and not about games. And I'm cool with that because I get things done with it. And if I want to play games or let my children play games the BB PB app store offers enough game apps to satisfy (many of the android apps are now available) So let's go down the line,1.)I love that it bridges seamlessly with my smartphones files, contacts, calendar, messages, BBM, tasks and memos. If I add or make changes on either device it's automatically updated on the other.2.)I can't say enough about the sharp high definition screen. The size of the PB some would see as a negative but I deem it a plus. It fits anywhere and when held in the vertical or horizontal position typing is done with ease. But if that isn't enough for a BB phone user, now you can type using your BB smartphone keypad. Yes, no need to purchase accessory keypad.3.)Also, there is no need to purchase an additional Internet plan through a mobile provider due to the Wifi and bridge capabilities. When you can't access a Wifi connection, no worries it bridges through your BB smartphone browser (no addt'l charges)Although I have the option to purchase a tethering plan I have no need.4. For presentations... This connects to most displays and tvs and renders hi-def picture quality every time. And your able to use your BB smartphone as the remote control for presentations from anywhere in the room. My son and I have played the NFS undercover race car game with it connected to our HDtv and I must say it was really cool. The tablet is the steering wheel. And it's the perfect size.5.Unlike other tablets and pads, PB has flash capabilities. PB has adobe reader for PDF which was lacking with my smartphone unless I buy it from the app store. So that's awesome.6.)Ability to transfer and buy music to PB, create, edit and download word, excel, and powerpoint files, chat with PB users, print to go feature, social apps message integration, camera and video, access to any of my BB smartphone files, and the list goes on and on.7.) the battery life is great. Sometimes I can get a full 2-3 days out of a full charge. and it charges quickly on the charger that is provided with it.I almost forgot I downloaded the Kobo ebook reader. And I'm always reading books on my playbook and I also have Kobo on my desktop if I want to read my books on a much larger screen when I'm home. I've had my PB for about 5 months and I'm still finding new capabilities everyday. I bought a new desktop a couple months ago. And because the PB does so much I may only use my desktop once or twice in a week. I am more than pleased with this purchase. If I were you don't let the discounted price fool you into thinking this isn't a great quality product. I purchased the 16g from radioshack at $199 and later a 64g directly from BB $299.If you dont own a BB smartphone, I think you will be pleased with it's functionality but you will get the most out of it if you are a BB owner. And unfortunately there is so many people struck on a product that creates products that force their user have to purchase new hardware every few months or so without any discounts. And what do you know? they conveniently have a new product being released just in time. But if the consumers don't see it, all I can say is more power to that mega company. I can only hope they will wake up before it's too late.(this review is being posted via youngentreprenuer's playbook)