Ever need to distract your child while making dinner or any other little thing - this will do it.I got this as a gift and totally FLOORED! I really couldn't justify dropping the $ on a first gen but had heard so many great things about it that I definitely weighed the options.(1) This will not replace your laptop(2) Wish it had a camera(3) should have gotten a screen protectorWhat I love about it:Taking notes at meetings. With the endless option of apps I've been able to joint notes (I can't read my handwriting) and email them out immediately after the meeting. I use EverNote - which syncs to my mac laptop, my phone and my pc at home.I can download brochures and show them to clients - or convert some projects into PDF to share (good read app - i just drag and drop it in itunes and sync to my ipad)The color quality is ridiculously sharp. The ability to zoom in and out is helpful.I've stored photos to show off my kid - a very high tech brag book.This machine is FAST. Insanely fast. Netflix streaming works great. I've read books (it's hard without the screen protector to diminish some of the glare).I have an external keyboard that I can sync with a bluetooth- but it seems silly to lug that and my ipad to a meeting when I can just bring my macbook. The keypad on the ipad is not bad. Although I do feel my shoulders tense after a few hours of typing off it.The iworks apps are great to view your projects but I had some issues with a Pages doc that had a lot of photos. It wouldn't load and after hours of frustration, I converted it to PDF and used that to show the client what the doc looked like.Back to the babysitting:If you think you will have a kiddo touch your precious ipsd - then get this:Moshi iVisor AG for iPad - WHY?? It takes 10 minutes to put on (including reading the direction time and NO PESKY AIR BUBBLES) and will save you the agony of finding a GIANT scratch and not sure to cry or kick yourself for not getting a screen protector.There are endless apps for kiddos. My son (2) is learning numbers, flashcards. If I tell him I want to see a choo choo, he knows to go into his folder, find the right app, and pop up the flash card to show me. At first (he was 1.5) we needed a stylus for him to be able to click through and do what he wanted but his hands have since grown and he doesn't need it anymore. The drawing apps are amazing - no mess and no waste of paper. It's easy to do a screenshot to save his work and he can start on other projects. It's impressive how quickly they learn. He knew instantly to swipe to get what he wanted to see. (Make sure to set the keypad lock and SET IT TO AIRPLANE mode when your kid has it - this will allow them to play the games w/o sending unintentional emails or making app purchases).If I had to pay for this, I would still get it now. It's been a great education tool for my kid and has eliminated stacks of paper in my work bag. I know the next gen is rumored to come out with cameras and blah blah blah, but you instantly get a return on your investment with this tool. Literally made my messenger bag unnecessary for meetings, and my diaper bag is down to a small sack instead of a luggage piece.