If you read all of the reviews on this device as I have, you may conclude, as I did, that reviewers fall into one of three categories. Which category do you fall in?The first set of reviewers have very low expectations (or no expectations) for a $150 device such as this, and are pleasantly surprised - some even thrilled - with this device when they test it. Many expected to return it, but find that it is quite the bang for the buck. They rate it 4 or 5 stars, keep it, and sometimes even buy more for family or coworkers.The second set of reviewers are the bargain hunters, expecting to get a device that will rival an i-pad or galaxy or some other expensive tablet device at a bargain basement price. They are sorely disappointed with the device, and call it "trash" or use other demeaning adjectives to describe it. They rate it 1 or 2 stars and generally return it shortly after testing it out.Then there are the third set of reviewers, who are fairly realistic about the capabilities of this $150 machine and purchase it to see if it will meet their needs with or without modification. Some have modified it to increase its capabilities, are satisfied with it, and have kept it. Others find that it does not meet their needs - modified or not - or that its limitations are too great for their planned usage. Generally these reviewers rate it 3 (or so) stars.I am in this last group of reviewers. I read all the reviews prior to purchasing it and decided to test it out and see if I could live with its limitations and whether it would meet my needs. Quite honestly, it surpassed my expectaions as a device and I do believe that it is an excellent bang for the buck. Many of the issues raised by other reviewers (for example the responsiveness of the touchscreen) were non-issues for me. I thought the screen was quite good (though not as good as my HTC Evo). I will not reiterate all of the strengths and weaknesses of the device here as they are clearly depicted in the breadth of reviews on this site. Though the device surpassed my expectations, there are a few limitations that were deal breakers for me and that led me to return the device. The first is wi-fi range. I am using wireless g and this device just did not give me the range I needed in my home (wi-fi range is a known weakness reiterated by many reviewers here; this device would lose connection while my Evo would not). Though I could upgrade my network to accomodate the limited range associated with the device, I am not willing to do so when everything else is working fine. Second, the device does not support Slingplayer (my Evo does and I use it for this purpose all the time). One of my main purposes of purchasing a device like this is to use it to access my Slingbox - and it will not do this. Lastly, it does not support flash and there are many websites from which I access streaming media that require flash and that this device will not run properly. These were all dealbreakers for me. So, in summary, this device offers good bang for the buck and even greater capability if modified using a rooting procedure. It is just not the right device for me.But will it be right for you? Which group of reviewers do you fall in? If the first, you'll love it. If the second, you'll hate it. If the third, like me, give it a test run to see if it will meet your needs. It may be well worth your time - and money!