3/5/2011: Initial Review. This tablet is truely great! Just received my tablet about 3 days ago and really like its functionality and power. The handwriting recognition is fanominal- I am using it to write this review. It recognizes my handwriting (even my sloppy cursive) right out of the box - with no learning. I am the CEO of a consulting firm and plan to use this tablet as my primary computer. It has the power to run large spreadsheets yet is lightweight and compact enough to carry into customer meetings to take notes in OneNote. My only complaint about the unit is they don't give you an option to purchase it with Windows Professional O/S. I had to upgrade after receiving it so that the tablet could be connected to our company domain.---------------------------4/12/2011: Follow Up Review. I have now had the EP121 tablet PC for more than a month (3/3 to 4/12) and I like it more every day!! I use it about 10-hours a day for work. It continues to be easy to use and works great with OneNote as well as all my other apps (Word, Excel, Project, etc). I did buy 2 extra charger units [...]) and now have one for home, work, and travel. I bought an Energizer XP18000 battery power pack for use when traveling but have to wait for Energizer to make the tip available for the EP121; that should extend my time between wall charges to 8-10+ hours (currently about 3.5 hours). I bought 2 extra Wacom Penabled Tablet PC Eraser Pens, model #UP710E ([...] because I was afraid of losing the included pen. They work great with the EP121. I also purchased a Transcend 64GB Class 10 Flash Memory Card, model TS64GSDXC10 ([...] and use that to store my data files. I moved all the "My Documents" directories to the Transcend card. I use the internal SSD for the OS and applications. Lastly, I purchased a Viewsonic VX2453MH-LED 24-Inch LED Monitor [...] for my office and connected it via the mini-HDMI connector on the EP121. It also works great but you need to set it up as an extended screen so that the native resolution of each monitor can be used, otherwise it defaults to the resolution of the EP121 (1200x800) which doesn't look good on the Viewsonic monitor. I set it up to use the Viewsonic Monitor as the primary screen and the EP121 as an extended screen.So after another month (plus) of use, I still love this tablet PC. My only additional complaint/suggestion for the EP121; aside from making "Windows Professional O/S" an option at purchase (it's a little painful to install); is I would like to see a fingerprint scanner integrated into the design. When you boot the system or bring it out of hibernation, it is awkward and a little unsecure to use the pen to enter your user password. A scanner would allow for easier entry of your PW and prevent someone from looking over your shoulder to compromise it.