When the tablets first started making the scene, I was intrigued.  Handy, compact - what's not to like?  I started off with various netbooks, tablets and convertible tablet/notebooks.  I think I went through about 10 of them.  I couldn't afford the iPad (my son recommended HIGHLY the iPad), so I tried the lower priced alternatives.The generic Android tablets generally available are not worth wasting your money on - and you would be WASTING your money.  They are very slow, limited and the Wi-Fi sensitivity is pitiful.  Not only that, but who do you call if you have technical problems??  I had one that worked great (if SSLLLOOOOOWWWWWW) up until it was plugged in to be recharged (not the first charge, either) and it simply died.  Who to call?  I don't know.  Who made it?  I don't know.  I COULD have purchased an iPad with the money I spent on all of the 'lower priced' tablets I bought!At Best Buy, I saw a tablet (don't remember which brand) that was sleek, fast and (fairly) affordable.  I figured I would get that one when I had the $400.I had heard about the TouchPad, and I am a long-time HP customer (I will ONLY use HP printers) so I started looking into getting one of those.One day, I saw a 'brand new, sealed, 32GB TouchPad' advertised on Craig's List for an unbelievably cheap price.  I called immediately.  It was legit!  I didn't realize I was getting snookered - I hadn't heard about HP practically giving them away.  Anyway, I met the young man, and it was as he said - genuine, brand new, still sealed.  I bought it!  I wasn't even particularly upset when I found I could have purchased it directly from HP for half of what I spent.  It was still a good deal.The only drawbacks (in my opinion) are the applications available.  You can't just download some off of the 'net, you have to get them through HP marketplace.  OK, there are a LOT of free apps, and I wanted the tablet mainly to check email, auctions and mostly, to show off my pictures.  The screen size is marvelous for showing pictures.  You can use the 'stretch and pinch' to enlarge or shrink photos/web pages. The battery life is good - only problem with the battery and charging is that it takes 2.1A to charge, and 'generic' chargers WON'T work.  It HAS to be a charger that has output of 2.1A (2100mA) at the MINIMUM.  You can use one that has a higher output, but not lower.I immediately purchased the accidental damage coverage offered by HP - for $49, it was a bargain, in my opinion.  It has already paid for itself.  I apparently cracked the housing somehow, and HP arranged for me to send the tablet to them, they replaced the housing (and corrected another minor problem I was having with charging the tablet) and had it back to me within a week.I dearly LOVE my HP TouchPad, and highly recommend it!  If you are enamored of the Android OS, there is an Android OS that can be used on the TouchPad, either stand alone or dual boot.  OH, make SURE to get a case for it (NOT the HP one - that one is horrid) and a screen protector.  Same as ANY tablet.