When I started trying cases in the seventies and into the eighties, I would take yellow legal pads to trial. By the end of the trial they would be full of rather cryptic notes for jury selection, opening statement, witnesses, and closing argument. By the nineties, I was a computer-savvy guy who sometimes rented a laptop for big trials, but usually relied a never ending supply of legal pads.By the millennium, I had a PC tablet on which I could load electronic copies of the files and depositions, and take notes during trial. I could actually walk about about the courtroom with it just like it was a very heavy legal pad. After I switched my office's computers from PCs to Macs. I would still bring it to trials. Then my tablet died (as most Windows machines are want to do) and I was back stuck at the lectern with my MacBook Pro. When I wanted to wander the courtroom while examining witnesses, I had to use my trusty old legal pad. Like many Mac enthusiasts I prayed for the day Apple would offer a tablet.For me that day came on April 27, when my 64GB WiFi+3G iPad was delivered. Since then I bring it to court in lieu of my laptop. Unlike my old Tablet PC, 3G gives me constant and immediate Internet access. And that is the principal reason to opt for the 3G over the WiFi only iPad. Many courthouses do not have hotspots. If you don't need Internet wherever you are, then the other model may be enough.As to storage, more memory  is better. You are going to want to load, movies, music and photos on it. 32GB is not enough. Given the marginal increments in costs of doubling the memory 64GB, the present maximum will seem tiny as the iPad evolves over the years. If you get it now, you may be able to postpone upgrading a year from now.The iPad, like the iPhone is basically a Swiss Army knife, and like the Swiss knife it is infinitely customizable. As a Mac user I am comfortable with iWork, Apples Office Suite. Consisting of Pages, Numbers, and Keynote each applications for the iPad, they all read Microsoft Office files (Word, Excel and PowerPoint) and export them. You will want to buy them. Other critical work apps include Evernote, iAnnotatate PDF, PaperDesk, Penultimate, Dropbox and GoodReader. I track my expenses on the go with an iPhone app JetSet. On the fun side I read books using Kindle for iPad, which I prefer to Apples's iBook.On the negative side, at the moment the iPad lacks multi-taking, and has no camera. That will change. But waiting for those additions is no excuse not to get an iPad today.My iPad is a tool not a toy, I keep telling myself. And as a courtroom tool, it is small and light just like a yellow legal pad.  But when I stroll about with my iPad, I can't help having a big smile on my face.