I've had the Galaxy Tab for over 3 months and here are my thoughts so far. After we gave away our portable car gps device (Motorola TN765), I was looking for a replacement when I got the idea to use a tablet instead. A tablet would also give me the flexibility to use it as a golf gps killing 2 birds with one stone. Looking at the various options available on the market at the time, I thought the 7 inch Samsung would be a good size to put in the car or hold in the hand while on the golf course.Overall I am very satisfied with this device. The following as the pros and cons with my rationalization for score.Pros:------ The screen is just the right size and is very bright with good colour accuracy. It is great in the car being able to see the street names clearly at a glance without being too big to block outward visibility.- Great gps locking. It is about as fast as the portable car gps units I've used in the past (Tom Tom and Motorola). It is much faster than the HTC Tilt/TyTn 2 and the Nokia N810 I've had and have tried to fulfil these functions.- It's made by a major electronics manufacturer and has been reasonably popular. This makes it easy to find an abundance of accesories and specific accessories like a good car dock.- Amazon free daily app. I don't know how long it will last, but having so many free full version apps to try satisfies the frugal in me.- I won't get into some of the other great features of the device like email and web browsing as I'm sure they have been covered countless times in other reviews.Cons:------ Application compatibility. For the most part, compatibity is good. There have been a few apps that refuse to run. I found a couple cases where I think the scaling is off and the pointer does not match your finger (Hex Defender and Golf Card GPS). Finally some apps don't scale at all and you're left with a black border around the app. I would like some kind of toggle to decide whether I want scale or not ala IPad. (-0.5 stars)- Not being able to charge in car when temperature is high. Living in Texas, the summer month temperatures get really hot. The Galaxy Tab refuses to charge when it detects that the temperature is too high. I know it is likely a safety feature, but as a car gps device, not being able to power the device while driving is a major limitation. I haven't taken any long road trips since getting this device, but I may be able angle some vents to move some cold air across it. (-0.5 stars)- It could be lighter. This is a bit of a preference thing. It feels heavier than it looks which makes it feel nice and solid. However, when holding it to browse the web or watch videos, it starts to feel like a brick. The weight also makes me worry when the car windshield mount loses suction. I don't think I can take any stars off for this, as this is a common problem for all tablets.Overall I would give this device 4/5 stars and generally exceeding my expectations in most respects. Using a multipurpose device for certain specific functions definitely present some compromises, but the Galaxy Tab really does work, and work well.