Apple iPad (First Generation) MB294LL/A Tablet (64GB, Wifi)What a GREAT starter e-pad! The ePad revolution is coming and before the end of qtr 2 it will be in full swing. Even MS$ is sending out a new lossleader soon. Android will populate most of the new pads with the MS machine running "windows 7" (for ePds)? Who knows how fast this bohemoth is going to run. Right now is a bad time to buy an ePad. Too many are already shipping and you'll see them at your local cell phone store at first. Samsung had 2 tablets available for 6 weeks and then abadoned them for upgraded models. Does this give you any confidence in what you're buying today? Talk about turnover. Where will Apple be by October? The iPad 4 probably. Just my opinion- I may be wrong.......But lets talk about MY iPad. Black, 64GB, Wifi, built like a brick and never, ever screws up. I have it with a soft poly rear shell covering and the 'OFFICIAL' APPLE LEATHER PORTFOLIO for travel. 10 hours of battery life? - you betcha! And thats hours of browsing time. I also read books, magazines, daily paper, etc.. Battery still running strong. Can't kill that battery. I have a dock and a bluetooth keyboard for use in zero-G times. Also works great when the seatbelt sign comes on. THERE IS NOTHING THIS BAD BOY CAN'T HANDLE! I thought I had lost my geek mojo before buying this iPad but I was mistaken. Nobody will ever take my iPad from me. It put the cool back into computers for me. It came with few goodies but the iTunes AppStore is crammed with more and they are all reasonably priced too. I found a couple of overpriced progs but 99.9% of them are spot on for the cost.In fact more than half of them are either free or the obligatory 99 cents. Some of the free apps are big name apps when the iPad is acting as a conduit to a source of data such as the NETFLIX APP.  I am a bass player and the combination of the IK iRig and the software to really perform some amazing signal mods on the output port before hitting the bass amp are phenomenal. The iPad does close to zero latency throughput of bass in-->mods-->bass out . The hardware was $50 and the software about $40 so far. Just an example of what you can do with an iPad and $100 worth of software/hardware. Real time processsing makes this a great live instrument setup for either bass or lead guitars. Of course other instruments such as an electronic keyboard could be thrown into the mix with endless possibilities. I guess that's another point to make. Maybe on the weekend I want to go hiking - well my iPad can hold any downloadable usgs map and keeps me from getting lost.That's pretty important where I live in Tucson, Arizona. With my maps I know where waterholes are, pitches that are too steep to traverse without roping in, etc... I just haven't seen another ePAD that can come close to what I have in mine, albeit the 3g phone would be convenient at times. And I'm just scratching the surface of my iPad. I've owned it for 12 months and maybe it's time to pickup a new iPad2 but honestly, the only new feature on it that I would use is one of the camera's. I would probably spring for the 3gs model too.In short, given whats on the market now and how well I know my iPadI think I would be better off holding on to my iPad1 and see what the iPad3 looks like whenever it comes out. A couple of the Android 3.0 models make the iPad2 seem bulky and thick so I'll be checking them out too.Oh - I almost forgot. Don't buy the official leather portfolio from Apple - go to a dense foam notebook holder instead. The Apple prodcut is just too inconsistent. I can barely get mine on and off it's so tight wear as my son's just falls into place.