I love my Kindle Fire!  I had reservations concerning its price point and usefulness, but it does the job beautifully!  Excellent job for the first version of a new product.  I will just come out and say it:  This is no iPad.  The iPad is faster, bigger, and sleek looking compared to the Kindle Fire.  Plus it has the integration of Apple products behind it (iTunes, etc).  Not that any of these features are better in my opinion.  I actually prefer the smaller size of the Fire tablet.  The iPad is just too big to lug around everywhere, and I would just rather carry a laptop instead of the iPad.  The Fire is just the right size for most people.  I carry it around often without thinking how 'big' it is.The price of the Kindle Fire is the huge selling point that is worthy of the praise.  The iPad is way too expensive for its limited usefulness.  You can buy two Kindle Fires for the price of 1 older iPad.  I mainly use the Fire for an eReader with occasional stops at games, movies, and web use.  If you are considering a plain Kindle vs Fire, just get the Fire.  The battery lasts a very long time, even more than I had hoped.  I use it around 2 hours each day on average and it needs charging once a week.  If you spend hours upon hours a day using the Fire, then it will need charged daily.Reading on the Fire is excellent and better than a regular Kindle.  The page turns are smooth and no need for an outer source of light.  The Fire also feels more like a book compared to a regular Kindle.  The touch screen is very user friendly and you can certainly do more on it.  Another plus is that you get an 'Ad-free' version of the Kindle at this price point, which is not much more than a kindle touch that is ad-free.  Huge bonus for the Fire:  It is in color!As for the other functions: games are fun, apps work like the Apple versions, web browsing is useful although not user friendly for long term surfing, touch keyboard is responsive and quick, plus it is fast to come out of standby mode.  Not to mention that everything is connected to the best store in the world:  Amazon!The few 'negatives' I have concerning the Fire is this:  It has a sluggishness feel navigating between items and features (probably due to lower price and slower hardware), the charger does not separate the plug from the USB cord like most new cell phones so you need a separate USB cord to hook up to a computer, can feel warm to the touch after using the Fire for more than 30 minutes at a time, not able to customize in terms of different backgrounds and looks, and it takes a rather 'long' time to power up from being turned off (around 30 seconds or so).  Many people complain that the power button on the bottom is easy to hit, but I never found that to to be a problem.  I would prefer it to be on top though like most handheld devices.  Also you will need a screen protector and case to protect your purchase.Overall, the Kindle Fire is the best tablet hands-down.  The iPad is a better piece of technology, but it is like a Rolls Royce - too expensive for the function it was intended.  Throw in the price, usefulness, and backing of Amazon to get a clear winner in the tablet wars.  Just do not expect the iPad and you will be thrilled with the Kindle Fire.