I almost considered not buying this product due to a lot of negative reviews I read. But because of the really cheap price, I still considered getting one.I work as a stage and rigging supervisor and we do outdoor stages and roofing system here in the Philippines. This is my 2nd touchscreen device, my first was a Garmin Nuvi 1410 GPS and I would say that the screen responsiveness of archos 7 is just similar to garmin GPS.I mainly use this thing for viewing photos, pdfs, sometimes as an audio player/ online radio, browsing the web (when I'm too lazy to switch on my mac desktop), and to watch youtube movies.PROS:1. Great photo viewer to show clients plans, designs, proposals, and old stage setups.2. Very handy during stage setups. It serves as the bluprint of our stage design that I follow and it becomes the checklist of things I need to finish.3. Fits in my back pocket because of its slim design.4. The item seems solid and rugged. For me, you don't have to be very careful on this device. This can handle itself with bumps, scratches that it experiences during my rugged stage setups.I dropped this thing once during a setup, It hit a steel truss then fell on a concrete ground about 3 feet high and its still working fine. If it breaks, I don't mind, I'll get another one. Its very cheap not like the iPad or galaxy tab.5. Great for watching Youtube (you need to download a modified youtube app to make it work), great for HD 720p movies. Accepts divx, mkv, avi, and almost any format I throw into it.6. Touchscreen is not as sensitive as an iPad or any capacitive touchscreens but surprisingly responsive. Maybe its because of my big and heavy hands. My sister hates this thing cause she's used to her iPad's too sensitive touch. I sometimes I use the other end of my ballpen as a stylus and its pretty responsive. But this thing works for me.7. I love the micro SD card expansion. I can expand its capacity up to 40gb8. Battery life is longer than I expected as long as you turn the wifi off.CONS:1. Slow on 3d games but not really a big issue for me. I have another dedicated device for 3d gaming2. The kickstand wiggles and feels very cheap.3. weak wifi signal strength you need to be near the wireless router to get great wifi connection.4. Does not charge via micro USB port so you have to bring the dedicated charger most of the time.5. Very crappy earphones included.6. Randomly restarts. it just happened now while I'm writing this review. This was the 2nd time it restarted by itself. the first time was when I dropped it.7. No bluetooth tethering with my phone. I wish it had a bluetooth so I may connect online using my phone anywhere I am. But, as the name suggests, it is a HOME tablet. you can get the Archos 70 tablet with bluetooth but at twice the price of this.All in all, a really great product for what it does. For only $149.00, It does almost anything I need it to do. Oh, by the way, this is the Archos 7 Home Tablet Version 2, The one with Android Eclair installed, not the cupcake 1.5 version. I purchased this Feb.7 and got it Feb.14, 2011.Thanks for reading and I hope this review helps.