I bought a Dell Inspiron Duo in May 2011. I'd owned a Dell desktop and was tired of my previous three HP laptops dying on me precisely after 2.5 years of use. I wanted a computer with maximum portability---so I ventured into the world of netbooks and tablets. After research and much consternation, I bought the Duo because it was both netbook and tablet and I had a high opinion of Dell.After first use I was disappointed at how slow the Duo starts up. Anytime I start it up I had to walk away---make a cup of coffee, run out to check my snail mail----anything so I didn't have to sit there while it slowly started up. Opening applications and switching between windows was painful too. It got a little faster when I deleted extraneous software --- Dell's e-reader and the child-orientated paint software. That was unfortunate because I happen to have a toddler who would have enjoyed this. I also gave up on the touch screen by day 3. You need a stylus to use the touchscreen--end of story. And the screen and largest font setting were too small for my eyes.By the end of the first week I'd decided that maybe my disappointment stemmed from transitioning from a laptop to a netbook. I thought I'd tough it out and enjoy all the appreciative stares I got anytime I whipped out my flip top tablet hybrid. Then three months later my Duo went into sleep mode and I had to turn it off to get it to restart. Except it never restarted, it would attempt to restart for hours. And pushing the power button wouldn't turn it off, I had to unplug it and let the battery run out to get it to turn off. I got my computer whiz brother to restore the computer--erasing everything I had on it. But even after restoring it works -slowly-for a few hours and then freezes.I was reluctant to call Dell because I'd heard how unhelpful that can be but after two months of not being able to turn the thing on I finally did it. They walked me through a series of test and declared it a software problem. I barely used the computer in the 3 months it was working and I had virus protection on it from day one----I have no idea how a new computer could conk out like this. They now want me to pay $200 for a one time fix or $300 for extended software warranty. After paying $600 (with taxes and shipping), I don't have any more money to waste on a sub optimal Dell product. I now have a very lovely looking Inspiron Duo paperweight. If you are looking to buy a netbook or tablet, don't stop here---keep looking.Update:I had two computer techs look at my netbook who both quickly confirmed that I had a hard drive problem. Ha!!! Not a software problem. So I call Dell back, told them what the techs found and they too confirmed a failed hard drive. They had me send it in to be repaired. They told me I'd have the computer back in 10 days. Then after receiving numerous blank emails from Dell over the course of a week --- I finally receive an email that says they can't get the parts to repair my laptop and would like to offer me a 'replacement system'. I call in to find out what this means exactly. In very choppy English, and after verifying my name, address and telephone number repeatedly over 30 minutes, a tech finally explains that they would like to send me a refurbished unit to replace my brand new (not functioning) computer. I declined.Since then I've talked to two techs and two supervisors in India who insist it is Dell's policy to replace their faulty products with refurbished units if you are unlucky enough to find yourself with a non-functioning computer more than 90 days after you purchase it. Mine stopped working around the 120 day mark and now I'm supposed to accept a refurbished unit. If I wanted a refurbished netbook I would have bought one.....at a discount. I guess in a month they'll be sending my partially fixed computer to some other unlucky customer as a refurbished unit.If you are looking for a working computer AND good customer service....don't buy from Dell!