Pros: a) Core CPU is the best on the market. b) Rom can be updated easily if you are willing to learn (Thanks to XDA) c) Memory can be expanded easily with (cheap) micro SD slot (so you don't have to pay the $99 increment from 16G to 32G) d) Optional (and cheap) case with keyboard (via USB) makes viewing with ease e) Price is right.Cons: a) Narrow view angle (keep your privacy, however) b) No built-in GPS (but can use external Bluetooth GPS if you really care) c) Only one front facing camera (so you cannot easily scan barcode for Android applications printed on paper nor use it as a camera/camcorder) d) 512M RAM (instead of 1G in the newer ones)There are many Tablets available on the market now. The newer ones, such as Asus Transformer ($400) and Samsung Galaxy 10.1 ($500), are better in specifications. (They are hard to get at this moment.) But at this moment, GTablet still has its edge over the others.First, it is priced right. At around $300 price range, the newer models is at least $100 more if you can get them. Honestly, I think $250-$300 should be tablet price range. Anything beyond this may not last. (Think of first GPS unit priced $300-$600 on the market, now it is around $100-$150 for a very good one.) Tablet is evolving quickly at this moment (again, just like GPS units 3-5 years ago). So financially, it doesn't make sense to spend lot for a unit which will be replaced quickly in a year.Second, the ROM can be upgraded easily. As one of the popular model on the market (one day, boot.com sold over 10,000 units), many people have developed better ROM for this model and ROM is updated fairly quickly. You may go to XDA website to follow very simple (and user friendly) instructions to flash your built-in ROM. I am currently using Calkulin+Clemsyn 1.5ghz Froyo Combo VERSION 6. It is very responsive and battery efficient. But there are many more (Honeycomb alpha is available also) for you to experiment.Third, there are many apps to satisfy your everyday personal needs. Like your smart phone which runs Android, this tablet runs with Android 2.x (2.2 Froyo or 2.3 Gingerbread depending on the ROM you put it on). Comparing with iOS from the business point of view (such as security), Android may not as secure as iOS. But for personal use (web browsing, e-mail, reading books, viewing stream TV or movies, listen to music or radio, etc.), security is not a major concern. Besides, they are many Android apps developed for this OS. True also, the Android 2.x is phone based designed mainly for smaller screen (3-5 inches). So it doesn't take the full advantage of the screen size to design user interface nor the high screen resolution in the 10 inch screen. But more Android apps are developing for tablet and tablet based Honeycomb 3.0 and Icecream 3.1 OSs have already on the market. People at XDA are developing ROMs based on these new OS and they most likely will be available for Android 3.1 (even though Android 3.0 alpha is already available at XDA).Fourth, comparing with PC or laptop, it starts up quickly and runs faster (as no need for antivirus to run at this moment), and last long time (10 hours+) between charges. For people who are unfamiliar with smartphone (either iOS based, Android, or Windows Mobile), they need to make a necessary transition by getting used to using direct-linked Apps (instead of doing search with Google) and using market to find Apps quickly (again instead of doing Google search).  This is particular true for people who are not growing up with smart phones. Once you really formalize this idea (and difference between PC and phones), you will know how effectively use it enjoy using it more often.Overall, it is a good starting tablet in this fast developing new market. It has the best price/functionality ratio. Not perfect or something to showing it off, but best for the money to satisfy your everyday usage. You shouldn't get rid of your PC or laptop (as Tablet is designed for total replacement at this moment). But for 90% or more of your daily work, you may use this instead and it does better.