'Fire is the rapid oxidation of a material in the chemical process of combustion, releasing heat, light, and various reaction products.'  WikipediaThe Kindle Fire, such anticipation, I have waited so long. The Kindle Fire came well packaged in the Amazon brown box, with the name 'Kindle Fire' on the side. This is a new box, with an easy to open strip. Inside is a white plastic holder with the Fire prominently displayed. It comes wrapped in cellophane like material and is easily opened. Much to my surprise there is only one small card with instructions on how to get started. The power cord comes wrapped in its own package. You must charge your Fire, connect it to the power cable, and then connect the power cable to a wall outlet. Press the power button on the bottom of the Fire and it turns on while you are charging the Fire. It took about 10 minutes for the Fire to become completely charged. The instructions for Wifi are very easy and the complete assembly takes minutes. All of the applications download, and then it is yours to access. Mine was completley registered since I have the second generation Kindle, and Amazon used that information.There is a few minute orientation to the Fire, and then you are free to explore. The Icons are on the top, Newsstand, Books, Music, Video, Docs, Apps and Web. I tapped onto each application and tried them out.Newsstand- there are several magazines that give you a month's free view- easy to download. They will try to sell you a subscription, but it is easy to wait. I have Vanity Fair and The New Yorker to see how I like them on my Fire. I have both in subscription form, so the hard copy is delivered to me.Books- All of the books I have on my Kindle are here in the Fire, so I will read, Diane Keaton's new book on the Fire, to see how different it is from the Kindle.Music- No music yet on my cloud, but will download it.Video- I have Amazon Prime, so am looking forward to viewing many of the films.Docs- Have not sent any documents to my Fire as of yet, but it looks quite easy.Apps- There is quite a vriety of applications to download, free, so far I have downloaded the Weather, Amazon and ESPN.Web- Very easy to use-a list of web sites and you can add your own quickly.There are icons for sound, brightness, Wi-fi, sync and more.  I have set up my email, facebook and twitter accounts.I am so pleased with the new Amazon Fire- it is all as advertised and more. I did not have expectations that it would be an iPad. What I wanted was a tablet that is easy to use, ease of applications, fun, great color and sound. I am looking forward to more exploration.Highly Recommended. prisrob 11-15-11Kindle Keyboard, Wi-Fi, 6" E Ink Display - includes Special Offers & Sponsored ScreensaversKindle, Wi-Fi, 6" E Ink Display - includes Special Offers & Sponsored Screensavers