I was apprehensive re: dropping a nice piece of change on a tablet and wasn't really sure if I really needed a tablet. I have a couple of laptops and have owned a netbook for a couple of years. I bought the netbook because of its portability, size, and relative light weight when I am on the road.Throwing caution to the wind, I bought this  Ipad2 and it was instant love. Installation was a snap and took a matter of minutes per the instruction card which comes with the device as well as accompanying online prompts. There are a huge number of applications available for the IPad and many of them are free; others are available at minimal cost. The learning curve for using this device is fast; if you own an IPhone it is even faster. The platform this is built on is similar in operation to the IPhone. As for installing new apps, I have yet to encounter any installation problems with my add ons, though some people have.If you install the ereader app, it negates the need for a Kindle or Nook. While I'm not about to toss my Kindle, this is a nice alternative to carting around yet another device when I travel.The battery's charge is supposed to last about 10 hours. That is a fairly accurate measure as I've been averaging about 9 to 10 hours before draining the charge.The device's design is truly a work of art. While this is not a very constructive comment re: to buy or not to buy, I'm driven by aesthetics. I'm drawn to attractiveness and functionality. I own a lot of Apple products and their purchase has partially been driven on visual appeal and cleverness, though ultimately i have fallen in love with their ease of operation and their ability to go way beyond most folks'  imagination. What I am trying to say is that even if you buy this blindly assuming that it will do most of the things your laptop does you'll probably be surprised by its many added features. The  Ipad2 is very light and portable. It is easy to hold and with a smart cover or case that converts to a stand, it works great on a  flat surface or a lap. It can slip easily into a purse. I usually carry a small or medium Ameribag and have no problem getting it to fit. In order to keep this pad in pristine condition and safe, I installed a screen protector, a back cover, and a smart cover. For what it's worth, this pad is nifty but I wouldn't try to see if it will bounce if dropped. Additional accessories are readily available such as Bluetooth keyboards, headsets, and external speakers.The 32 GB capacity is more than adequate for my needs. However, an application junkie may need 64GB. I mention this because my son is upgrading because he wants to add more apps and is running out of space. 16GB or 32GB is probably adequate for most users.Response time is robust on this little sucker. While I didn't buy the 3G model, I haven't had a problem attaching to free WiFi and reception has always been good given that I'm usually in populous areas.The pad's sound quality is good as well as the screen's image. The camera is o.k., but I prefer my IPhone's camera or better yet a high res dedicated camera.While I had no previous experience with IPad's first incarnation, IPad2 seems to be an improvement over the first release due tofaster processing speed and a lighter and more compact design. While there is no slot for an SD card, I suspect that subsequent IPads will feature better and/or more sophisticated cameras and video conferencing capabilities, and an SD card slot among other things.Bottom line: the IPad2 is a fantastic device that is more versatile  than a netbook but lacks some of the functionality of a fully integrated laptop. It's compact size and light weight is a big draw as is its ease of operation and performance.