I am sure a lot of you are wondering, what's right for me? iPad2 or Xoom? This review isn't going to list battery life, camera comparison, and all the other spec related stuff, because, there are a lot of other reviews out there like it. Also, personally, I think it really boils down to what type of person you are and what you intend to use it for.Of course, these are just my personal views, but hopefully it should help you decide what's right for you. So here it goes.--If you are a "reader" type:I recommend the iPad2.The iPad2 has a more standard(closer to 4:3) ratio, and it's main mode is portrait mode. Naturally, reading books and viewing magazines are perfect. And there are more e-Magazines out there for iPad2 than for the Xoom. The only exception is if you like reading manga(comics). The Xoom's wider screen ration allows you to view 2 pages at once in landscape mode. It works out quite nicely if you set your zoom setting to fit width.--If you are a "multimedia" type:I recommend the Xoom.The Xoom's main mode is landscape mode, and it's screen ratio is definitely more wider than the iPad2. This makes it perfect for viewing videos, but it makes it slightly less than ideal for holding it in portrait mode to view magazines and such. In addition, although not supported naturally, you can get free apps from Android Marketplace to view multiple formats of videos like DivX, Xvid, and such. If you have non-standard videos (as in, not bought from iTunes), or if you like to watch foreign animations with subtitle files (SMI/SRT), Xoom is definitely the way to go. You won't be able to do this on the iPad2.--If you use Flash a lot:I recommend the Xoom.Flash does not work on iPad2 and it probably will never support Flash. If you (or your family/kids) like to play web-based Flash games, or frequently use websites loaded with Flash, iPad2 won't cut it. Xoom is the way to go.--If you buy all your stuff from iTunes already:I recommend the iPad2.It is easy to rent/buy movies/music on iTunes, and Apple does make it easy. Although you can still copy and play all the stuff you bought from iTunes (unless it's DRM-protected) on the Xoom, if you like the way your iTunes work with your current Ipod, iPad2 might be better for you.--If you like Fancy/cool stuff:I recommend the Xoom.To be honest, the iPad2 interface is easy, but very boring. You just get a bunch of icons. And more icons. And even more icons. Which you just click to run programs. It has been like this since the first iPod touch. On the other hand, the Honeycomb OS (Android 3.0) on Xoom is great. It's got different styles of widgets you can put on the background, showing you real time information at a glance. It's also very fun to interact with these. Honeycomb is a platform specifically targeted for tablets, and it does it well.--In short, if you like to read and love using iTunes and buy a lot of stuff from iTunes anyway, iPad2 would be better. However, if you are more multimedia oriented and like to view different types of videos and want the flexibility of Flash support, Xoom is the way to go.And if you decide to get the Xoom, I also recommend getting "Tablet Keyboard Free" from Android Marketplace. It's a free keyboard with split screen keys, which allows you to type with your thumbs while holding the Xoom. The paid version is in Amazon Appstore as well - Tablet KeyboardBoth iPad2 and Xoom are great devices, and they both boast high speed dual core processors with large display screen. Battery life is good on both devices, and I really think it's less about "which device is the better device" but more about "what do you want to do with your tablet".Lastly, as for comparing this to other Android tablets, the Xoom beats all others hands down. If you are going to get an Android Tablet, definitely get the Xoom. The Honeycomb OS (Android 3.0) is much better than other earlier versions of Android (Froyo and such). At the time of writing, Xoom is currently the only tablet with Honeycomb. Hopefully my review helped you make up your mind =)