I am writing as a veteran iPad user who will never give that up.  There was no issue of comparison in my mind because 1) Amazon has never called the Fire a tablet!  (Be clear on that, people!  This seems to be escaping WAY too many reviewers.)  2) I am not looking to replace the iPad (I use it for much more than just watching media and playing games; it is my mini-office), so weighing them against each other is useless.  I mention only because I want it understood that as a user of the $800 version of Apple's product, I have high standards and expectations.  I know what is possible from a handheld device such as this.  And forgetting the low price point for a moment, the Kindle Fire rocks all by itself.a) The screen has amazing resolution, and the movie and videos I have watched so far were highly satisfactory.  Memory seems sufficient also, so no pauses or skips in streaming.  Viewing experience is very good, or as good as it can be on a 7" screen.b) The Silk browser operates extremely well, and if its performance improves through repeated usage as suggested, I can only imagine better things ahead.c) Sound quality through headphones is outstanding, with no less clarity than my iPod.d) Email app is very easy to navigate, and far nicer than many cellphones.e) Unit as a whole is extremely intuitive for anyone who has handled a tablet or similar device. The menu bar is right there when one wants it and tucks nicely away as if it knows automatically when it is not wanted.f) App store is adequate for me.  Not having had an Android phone (I am a Blackberry fan), I have not been spoiled with all the Android world can offer. So any limitations from Amazon's app store would not bother me much, and from what I have read, may not bother anyone with the technical knowledge to load their apps in themselves.  I understand much customization is possible with this device.  Even if not, one can certainly guess that the app offerings will continue to expand.WHY I WILL NOT BE KEEPING IT FOR MY OWN USE BUT HOPE HUBBY WILL WANT ITEssentially, what I was looking for was an eReader with some bells and whistles.  I like my Nook, but am disenchanted with B&N;'s pricing structure and Nook product marketing.  I also enjoy listening to music when I read (especially matching the age of the music to the historical setting of the book where possible - I am strange that way LOL!), and I thought it would be fun in between chapters to check my e-mail or Facebook with the device already in my hand.  While the Fire is not marketed as an e-reader, one could reasonably think that, bearing the Kindle name, it would still offer this as a primary and well-developed feature.  Forget reading in direct sunlight, I can't even read clearly in my office with distant fluorescent lighting.  Of course, it would be COMPLETELY unrealistic to suppose that a gorgeous, sturdy, full-color screen would also facilitate a stellar, glare-free reading experience, and I was prepared for that in advance. I just wanted to see for myself exactly where my point of compromise would be, and now I know.  My Kindle Touch 3G has already been ordered.  (Bless Amazon and their six-month no-interest financing policy, to say nothing of their return policy!)Now it IS time to discuss price.  Not a tablet per se - perhaps a large screen smartphone on steroids - however you want to classify it, the Fire is an absolute gem at $200.  Had Amazon not taken the business gamble of selling these devices at a loss, it would still be tempting at $350-400. For the non-Apple addict, or for iPad users who may not feel they get their money's worth from their tablet, purchasing this is a no-brainer. After all, you don't have to have a Cadillac to get around in style and comfort, and this is a terrific product for any media consumer.  I think my smartphone-less, tablet-less hubby will love it. ;-)