I preordered my Kindle Fire as so many other had. I received it on Wednesday, November 16th, and will be sending it back on the 21st!  I recieved the Kindle expecting to be able to instantly use it as I did my daughter's Kindle last year.  I did as it asked and finally got it to connect to my wifi (after a few tries).  It already said it was registered to me, so I didn't have to go through the registration steps.  However, when I tried to look at the user's guide which comes on the kindle (no, you do not get a paper copy), it said "This application is not registered. Please try again." Why would they not send a users guide you can look at while you are trying to learn the device????  Anyway, I could not get any applications to work.I finally decided to call customer service after hours of trying to get it to work.  I even tried to register it online.  I got a customer service rep, told them what was not happening, and they decided I needed a "Kindle Fire specialist".  The first rep was nice and tried to walk me through some trouble shooting, and then had me look to see what OS version it was running.  It comes with 6.0, but apparently they already have a 6.1 upgrade.  She had me upgrade the OS as she said she found the problem to be an OS problem.  She told me the Fire had to be 100% charged before I could upgrade the system, so she gave me instructions on how to upgrade it and then to deregister and then re-register the kindle when the upgrade was complete and if I had any problems after that to call back.  Well it took a couple of hours for the kindle to get to 100%, but when it did, I followed her instructions and upgraded the device and re-registered it.  Still the same errors.  By that time my husband was home.  I decided to let him talk to the customer service rep this time since he is more technically savy than I am.  We called back and had to explain AGAIN what was going on with the Kindle.  Got another "spcialist" (tec2) who had my husband take it back to factory default, which the kindle didn't do, and then deregister and re-register (again).  My husband talked to him for hours with no resolve.  The only thing the kindle would do is get on the internet. The tech told my husband he would call back the next day (Thursday) around 4.  He also said that if the situation wasn't resolved in 48 hours they would replace my Kindle.  Well, 4pm came and went and still no call.  My husband finally called back and got another "specialist" (tech3).  Around 7pm tech2 finally called back.Tech3 told my husband to do the same things the others did. He finally said that he would, "I need to look into the problem with setting up or registering Kindle fire, and it'll take a bit more time than usual.I just wanted to let you know I'll write back in 2-3 business days with more information.I have your telephone number and the preferred time you want me to call you, so I will get in touch as soon as I have the log from our developers or engineers on how to fix this." This must be scripted, because that is what was told to us, but I found this quote on another dissatisfied customers review.Tech2 called me back last night(Saturday) and left a message to deregister and reregister the Kindle again, and to call him if there were any problems.  Well, I did that, and called back the number he called me from, but kept getting "call cannot be completed, please try again."  When a tech calls you and leaves a message to call them back, they do not leave a call back number.  I called the customer support line again and asked for him by name, and they told me that they could not guarrantee that I would get the same tech every time and that they were not sure who he was.  My husband works in a call center and he knows that they should keep logs of calls and should be able to get you to who you want.  Well, when tech3 looked at our case the other day, there were no notes or logs of tech2 having even talked to us. So in comes tech4.My husband made it a point for tech3 to email us his name and case number so we can have something to reference. I told tech4 to look up the case number so she would know what was done.  Well, that did a lot of good.....she had us do the exact same things the others did!!!  By this time I was so frustrated.  We finally told them we were tired of the run around and wanted a replacement.  Well that is fine, but they won't just send you a replacement. They have to expore all options.  I finally got so tired of it I just told them I wanted my money back.  I ordered a cover for it and the extended warranty, and now I have to go through the trouble of getting my money back on those things as well.I have dealt with Amazon for years, and never had a problem.  I think they need to have their techs trained in a product before it comes out.  They kept telling us there were others with the same issues as ours.Hope this helps!