I wasn't expecting much with this tablet, being a brand I've never heard of until now.  Easy to set up, as soon as I entered my network password, the tablet connected right away.  I wish a full size instruction manual was included other than just a quick start manual.  Once you get the tablet set-up, there IS a tablet tutorial buried down under "Settings".  But it would still be nice to have a full instruction manual available as a pdf download from their web site.The screen is incredible, from the bright colors, relatively large viewing surface, similar in size to an iPad or a netbook screen.  I have a 4th generation iPod touch with Retina Display and comparing them side-by-side, this Le Pan tablet looks very similar, but even better since it's larger and I have no trouble seeing it!  And compared to my netbook, let's just say there is NO comparison.  The netbook will be put away in a drawer for now.HERE'S MY GPS EXPERIENCE:Sitting out in my driveway, I decided to take a drive to see how the GPS works.  I pressed the Navigation Icon.  You have a choice of typing in the destination or speaking.  I chose speaking, so I said "_____ Golf Course". After a few seconds, a lady's voice started telling me the directions turn by turn as I was driving, it seemed to be tracking me as the distances to my next turn were spot on.  (Later, I realized my wi-fi connection was reaching my parked car in the driveway.)  The GPS gave one incorrect street name, and it took me to the driving range of the golf course instead of the main entrance 1/2 mile away on the other side.  Once I passed the entrance where it told me to turn, the lady said "data collection lost".  For the return trip back to my home, I was unable to connect to get return directions until I drove to a nearby McDonald's with wi-fi.  So, it does work, sort of.  I have never used a dedicated GPS unit in my car, but I'm sure those don't require wi-fi.  So my advice is:  Don't buy this just for the GPS.  Also, there is no place to mount it, so I had it laying on the passenger seat and I was afraid it might go flying if I had to stop suddenly.WARRANTY:The web site seems to get updated daily.  There is now a warranty which is one (1) year no charge for parts and labor from date of purchase. Not valid if the product is modified, altered or opened.  So....pretty good so far.PROS:> The build quality is excellent.  The screen is shiny, not matte.  The back is a satin-finished black, with chrome accents on the sides. It comes with a screen protector installed - it had some small bubbles that I had to squeegee out.> The speakers have fairly decent sound quality.> For a 1 Ghz processor, it's faster than I thought it would be at web browsing.> Works with web sites that use Adobe Flash (iPad does not).> Keyboard is easy to use, no stylus needed (at least for me!)> Plenty of Android Market apps to choose.CONS:> The screen is nice and shiny but it's impossible to use outdoors on a sunny day for all the reflection.> Customer Support.  Everything works great at the moment, but may not 6 months from now.  There's not much at the web site, but there is a forum.  I'm not sure who is moderating it, whether it is Le Pan technical support or not.  I would also like to know what happens when the battery needs replaced.  Will Le Pan still be around to provide this service down the road?I anguished over a star rating for hours - should this get 4 stars or 5?  The kinks need worked out as far as customer support goes, so 4 stars for now.  I think lack of name-recognition also may hurt sales of this tablet.  I hope not, because I think this android tablet has the potential to be right up there with the big-name brands.