ok. so this is actually my second tablet review. my previous one was for the Motorola Xoom tablet that i chose over the iPad 2.i reviewed the Xoom and i stick to that review...it is indeed a great machine, but in about a week it started running slow and locking up on me. nothing too hardcore, but enough to make me think that, for the price, it should be better.i went back to best buy and picked up the iPad 2 which i had previously passed on and judged unfairly...in short, i was intimidated. PC's all my life and i knew nothing about apple products except that they were expensive and the most pretentious people liked them. and i stand by that.well.....lets just say that the iPad 2 is just a amazing little machine. it took me awhile to figure out the whole system...it is different from a PC and not google-based. it is a transition...if your like me i can tell you honestly its a transition you would do well for yourself by taking.i am gonna compare the Xoom to the iPad 2 because it might be helpful and when i made my purchase i noticed alot of reviewers did the same...1- looks. iPad.its stunning. absolutely gorgeous. its art. no doubt. the Xoom is cool indeed, but the iPad has it hands down. dont mind paying more for that at all. you live once.2- speed. its incredibly fast. insane. and gotta give it up to the Xoom too...when it was running at full speed it was incredible too. both equal in my opinion.3- ease of use. Xoom has it all over the iPad 2. coming from PC's its a seamless transfer. google-based. tabs. etc...no worries. the iPad is completely new so the challenge is teaching yourself...BUT once you learn the way...MY GOD IT IS AWESOME.4- accessories and apps. iPad. all the way. no doubt. none. the apps are incredible. the accessories are ridiculously expensive for what they are but once you hold them...the quality is there. the Xoom has no real acessories to speak of..and the apps available are few and far between. that said...i didnt have any problem with normal use of the Xoom and i understand more are on the way...which is awesome.5- battery life. same. both rock. ten hours.6- screen. iPad 2. hands down. amazing and beautiful. the screen doesn't get nearly the amount of fingerprints as the xoom and the pictures are gorgeous. this is a non-issue. the iPad looks better in every way.7- ease of use. Xoom. really easy to use. intuitive.8- support. iPad. AppleCare is the best thing ever. ever. forget about it.9- photos. Xoom. the ability to store photos into catagories and switch them around is awesome. the iPad you just have one big place to put all of your pics.that said 10- cameras. iPad.11 - cost. about the same. iPad maybe more with the applecare.and finally...12- set up. Xoom. all the way. plug it up and your good to go. the iPad you gotta sync with a PC and load up iTunes and jump a bunch of annoying hoops. that done though...MAN is it awesome.sooo....its a big purchase. i think both machines will do right by anyone. but if your looking for something artistic. dramatic. tough and secure go for the iPad. if your looking for something familar, comfortable and easy...the Xoom is for you.in conclusion....my iPad 2 is awesome. im glad i took the plunge and have no regrets. every day im loving it more and more...its amazing.im becoming pretentious now. i find myself silently judging others by their tablets and computers. i do and its awful. if you choose to get a iPad you will do the same thing. you need to be prepared for it....its a glorious feeling!!!!! IT IS AND I'M NOT GONNA LIE!!!best.