An ipad it is not, but the Kindle Fire is sure not to disappoint. It is an amazing tablet device that will do almost all the things a bigger and more powerful tablet can do at a fraction of the cost! I have had the fire for about a week now and have had all sorts of tech devices from droids, iphones, ipads, and nook color even! i am very happy with my purchase of the kindle fire for many reasons:1) the fire has great build quality. The screen is clear and crisp and there are absolutely no nuances or flaws about the way the device looks! Many times I am able to find a flaw in a tech device (nook color i'm looking at you with the horrible screen refresh rate) but i can't find one with the fire!2) Amazon services! If you are a prime member you will love this device. Movies and TV shows stream beautifully and shopping is seamless and easy. Not to mention the vast amount of applications in amazon's own app store.3) Device is for the most part fluid, smooth, and promising. Browsing works well, and reading books and magazines is a joy! I know many reviewers put a negative on the screen size, but text view and pinch to zoom make magazine reading easy!4) Cost!!! It is a no brainer at $199. For that amount you can buy one and have a lot of money left over for apps and accessories. This was a problem in the past when i bought expensive devices (ahem Ipad) and found myself feeling guilty and not wanting to buy any apps since i dropped so much $$ on the device itself!Even though i gave this five stars, i do have some negatives that I am sure will be worked on with a software update or over time:1) Glitchy performance does happen from time to time. Yes I have had a few force closes as well as occasional hiccups on the main user interface. Sometimes touching an icon once doesn't do the trick, and a second tap is needed. It is aggravating, but i am almost sure is easy to patch with an update.2) Silk Browser - now although the browser works well, it is not as fast as Amazon has hyped it up to be, but i will give it the benefit of the doubt since I realize that SIlk is suppose to gather data relevant to users over time. I will update this review maybe a month from now and see if i notice any speed changes. It is still rather zippy, but i do think ipad and other tablets have the upper hand. Very curious to see what happens with time and with all the data amazon is storing for split browsing capabilities.3) screen brightness - again almost positive this will be patched with a software update since the same thing happened with my old nook color. It does not dim down enough! Even at the lowest setting, the brightness can still light up a dark room! This is not the best experience when reading something right before bed! I like to dim the screen down as low as possible so that it doesn't affect the eyes as much while reading with the lights off. Just a little nitpick thing of mine, but I am sure it can be fixed.All in all if you are looking for a wonderful "consumption" device at a great price then look no further! If you are a prime member and a user of amazon's services you will love having the fire with it's whisper sync capabilities and the ease of use it offers to amazon customers. No this is not an Ipad, not even close, and was never meant to be one! it is not the greatest "productivity" device, but it can do almost all of what the ipad can do in a smaller more affordable package that works seamlessly with the services of one of the greatest companies we have come to know.