So I did it, I bought a Kindle Fire. And I must say I'm not sure why there are so many negative reviews. If you understand what the device is, it does what it is supposed to do very well.What it is:  1.) A media consumption device, and this is what it excels at.  2.) A BACKLIT e-reader, if you understand this then you wont be disappointed, if you want an e-reader only, definitely look at the E-Ink Kindles. I personally read in bed and backlight doesn't bother me, I have an e-ink reader and finding light can be very annoying.  3.) A CASUAL Email device - it isn't for enterprise or heavy emailers and don't believe it is meant to be. But for just casual checking emails it performs well.  4.) A web browsing device. The silk browser is much faster after update 6.2 and I can only imagine it will get better.What it isn't:  1.) A laptop replacement. It wont replace your laptop or desktop, infact I would say no tablet out there is capable of this.  2.) AN IPAD - I can't believe people actually compare this to a device that is 2x as much and bigger. But even that being said I would rather have this then an iPad. The 7" form factor is much more portable for a media consumption device. If you want a good comparison it should be done against the Nook or even the Galaxy 7" TABS.. but those are significantly more money.  3.) A wireless 3G device. Why do people think that Amazon would give free 3G access to the internet and video streaming? The only reason other Kindles have 3G is to download books.. that's it. Amazon I believe pays a carrier for this access and the bandwidth required for thousands of Fire users streaming video would eliminate any profits, it just isn't feasible. I think this is just lack of knowledge on peoples part.I wanted a device that I could access with WIFI since most places I go have this, and I don't want to pay extra for a data plan. It is perfect for my needs, media consumption, web surfing, and checking my emails when I want to lay in bed or sit on the couch. I don't think it is an effective WORK device, it is a leisure item and that is how it is marketed.NEGATIVES:No device is perfect and I am sure the fire will improve over time with software updates. But there are a few things Amazon should address:  1.) Parental controls! The fact is many people buy these for there kids and the fact that there is no parental controls is kind of a head-scratcher, on the Kindle Fire purchase screen at amazon.com they show a kid playing with one, so to say this isn't targeted as a family device is crazy talk, in the ad they even say:"Kindle Fire is great for parents and kids. Stir your child's imagination with over 1000 beautifully-illustrated children's books, including favorites like Brown Bear, Curious George, and Circus Ship."Kids will be handling these devices and the 1-click purchase requirement is dangerous, in addition to the rated R movies. This is toted as a family device.. just like the beloved IPAD. Parental controls should be in there, and I am sure Amazon will listen. Also there should be an option for a pin on one-click purchases, what if someone accidentally presses a button while checking out your Kindle. This needs to be fixed and there are plenty of people who want it.  2.) Power and Volume buttons... this is the biggest fop-ah that Amazon made with the hardware, the power button is a poor design that is too easy to accidentally push, can't really change that in V1, but hopefully V2. (this is not a deal breaker, but it is an error.) There is NO external volume button, this is an odd omission on a media device like this, maybe there is a software tweak to make the volume more easily accessible.While I do mention the negatives.. no device is perfect and for a V1 device it is great.. but most importantly it works for my needs. But if you are considering purchasing this device, make sure it will provide the expected experience and needs you are looking for. READ reviews and READ the product info from Amazon, to make sure you will get a device that meets your requirements.Good job Amazon.