I have been a hold out for several years now.  I would tell people "I have an iPhone so why get just a bigger version?"  My wife wanted to get an e-reader so I decided to put my money where my mouth was and buy a couple of iPads for us.  Hers would likely be a casual use device but I was going to try to use mine for business moving to a paperless work style (attempt #1,324 over the course of 12 years of different devices).Initial review was good... liked the device feel, weight, etc.  Clearly it looked nice.  I was offended at the cost of covers and accessories but I had somewhat gotten over that shock with the iPhone so it wasn't a new shock :) I felt that a lot of the app makers did a good job with their iPhone/iPad combined apps but it does suck to have to buy a separate app for those that don't have the combined versions.  But, overall a nice design and fun product to use.But, there's a big but here, it's too fragile and no recourse from an accident.  Like many others before me I broke mine.  Total bone-head move on my part, not at all an Apple fault in my situation, but if you spend some time reviewing forums you'll see the advice I failed to read.  The device is incredibly fragile so even simple (aka not bone-headed) slips, drops, and bumps will leave you with a busted screen.  With no attractive means of recourse.  One would think that any product with a propensity for a major functional piece to break there would be a repair option.  Not the case with Apple.  Probably part of the business plan to be honest.  I tried to find out my options and costs (secretly hoping for a free replacement like others have touted) but two different stores told me 1) not repairable by anyone; 2) any signs or attempt at repair void warranty; and 3) only option is a "courtesy" replacement for $270 (16mb wifi version).  No option for repair internally at Apple, let alone an option more reasonable than spending another $300.  I checked and the local repair place quoted about $185 plus tax and the parts I found online looked to run about $150+.  For a glass screen!Apple has a unique luxury in that they have a large client base that feels Apple can do no wrong.  An Apple "genius" could swing by the house at Thanksgiving and slap the loyalists grandmother and Apple would still be held up on a pedestal - the turkey was dry after-all.  So they don't bat an eye if iTunes misbehaves (the user shouldn't have tried to sync contacts), or if they try to connect with Outlook (the user shouldn't consider another product not made by Apple), or consider a good product would have given repair considerations to a critical yet fragile component.  The Apple flock is a great thing to have for a business.So anyway, I would say the iPad is a great device.  It'd be better if the screen were more widget based like the android options, but it's snazzy, quick, and a joy to use.  But, leave it sitting alone on the desk and protect it with your life if you buy it.  Otherwise buy an android option for half the price and if you could bust it three times and still be less expensive than the Apple will arguably as good of performance.