This is my first tablet, so I will not compare it to the iPad. I would first like to say that this Tablet is solid looking like a typical Lenovo Thinkpad. It is more than apparent that this tablet is more substance than style, and this is something that I prefer. It is not the sexiest or trendiest looking tablet, but it has the classic Lenovo Thinkpad look that businesses (and even many home users) may enjoy. The backing of it is this non-shiny soft substance that is almost like a casing. The glass of the screen is Guerrilla glass that is durable, smooth and shiny. It has a really nice feel for touch screen, but the shiny surface may be a little annoying if you work outside. Also, fingerprints do show on the screen especially when it is off, but that is common for most touch screens. When the screen is on, there is no issue. Speaking of the screen, it has a nice bright LCD screen with outstanding viewing angles. No complaints in that department. The tablet also has plenty of slots. It has a full sized USB slot, a mini HDMI out, SD card slot, etc. Because of this, it is slightly thinker than other tablets. It is not, however, cumbersome at all.Now I will first comment on common features:Android Honeycomb 3.1 - This is my first Android device. I want to say that I absolutely love the OS. I did have to learn how to use the OS, but once I learned how to use it, I really started to enjoy its versitility. What I love about Android is my ability to customize my pages with widgets of my choosing. I can, for example, place a calendar in one of my homepages with reminders of future appointments, events, etc. For a tablet specifically, I find this feature important. I have an iPhone, and iOS is really nice for a phone, but I prefer the flexibility of Android for a tablet.Features unique to the Thinkpad:Hard Buttons - This is one of my favorite features of this tablet. I love being able to return to my main screen just by pushing a button. It also has a back button, web button, and a button that disables or enables screen rotation. Granted, these buttons are not necessary to be able to work android, but they are a nicely added convenience.Digitizer Stylus - Yes, this pad is not the only tablet to have a stylus. However what makes this feature unique is its digitizer stylus, which is supposed to be more accurate than other stylus. Note that this pen is not included with the unit unless you purchase a package from stores like TigerDirect. I haven't received the pen yet, so I will append this review when I receive it.Keyboard Folio - I am aware that this isn't the only tablet that offers a keyboard folio (Transformer). What makes this keyboard unique and cool is the design, which mimics the Lenovo keyboard. This item is apparently not out for order yet, so when I finally purchase it I will also append this section of my review.Lenovo software - Lenovo preloads the tablet with a bunch of apps. One example is a launcher that is placed in the middle of your home screen. It is custimizable so you can put whatever you do often such as check email, browse the web, or watch movies. The tablet also included productivity software such as PrinterShare and Documents-to-go so you can view your documents, presentations or spreadsheets. Additionally for your entertainment needs, the tablet includes NetFlix, Amazon MP3, and other goodies.Lenovo app store - Lenovo provides its own app store with apps that are compatible with the tablet. I really like the store's interface. I also like the fact the Lenovo provides a "safe" store to be able to purchase my apps. You can still use the regular Android app store if necessary.All in all, even without the Keyboard and Pen, I still recommend this tablet as a high quality, solidly built tablet that would satisfy the productivity needs for people.