i had spent much time researching ereaders and bargain tablets searching for the perfect one, at an affordable price. i recieved this one as a gift 2 weeks ago. on the good side, the browser is faster then expected. I was able to get on all of my social networking sites easily, and check my email and play a few of the facebook games ADAPTED FOR MOBILE. (not all facebook games are compatable.) I found the built in cruz market rather limited, and instead installed the amazon appstore for free. It was very easy and works like a charm. I love the free paid app of the day feature on there, and their downloads are fast and reliable. However, a bunch of the apps are NOT compatable with the cruz. I have so far downloaded and installed several free apps from amazon, and put on some music as well. The sound is rather quiet for my taste, but its alright. I was able to access my songs relatively easily. Those were what i feel is the good side for such a low priced tablet/ereader. And now, for the reasons I gave this device a low rating. Im upset that with the wifi sensors, firstly. Anywhere i am, it seems i can NEVER get a strong wifi signal. Even less then 2 feet from my router, all signals are poor. The wifi kept cutting out, and I had to reconnect again and again. The device I have has a matte, rubbery back to it, which i kind of like, and it is very heavy. If you are reading, its hard on the hands, and you certainly cant hold it in one hand while reading or doing anything else. Its to much of a strain. One would think such a hefty weight would mean a quality build to it. Not in this case. its mostly constructed of plastic, but felt pretty sturdy at first. However, after 2 days of ownership, the backside of the cruz started to make a clicking sound, like the matte rear cover wasn't properly attached in one area. It wasnt dropped or mishandled in any way, so I chalk up this clicking to poor quality. Now the touchscreen seems to have a mind of its own. I expected more, even for a resistave touch screen. It is very unresponsive. I find its best to use your fingernail to navigate on it, as it requires a firm precise touch. even so, I almost have to jab it 5 or 6 times to get my touch to register. The Borders ebook  app pre installed on it didnt work AT ALL. When i finally picked up a weak, faulty wifi signal I opened it but couldnt do much of anything. I could look at their library but was unable to download anything or even look at the books descriptions. The Amazon kindle app doesnt work on it. The ereader itself works allright, at least the part of it i used to review the instrution manual downloaded onto it, although I find it difficult to navigate. The only way to turn the pages is to touch it, then get the buttons on the bottom to light up. There dont appear to be any of the handy tools that are present on other ereading apps, such as notes, highlighing, or dictionary,etc. I have gotten very frustrated with it trying to do anything useful. And so theres my opinion of it. Ive decided to spend $80 dollars more and try out a Pandigital Supernova. Its $180 at Walmart, and you can get free shipping site to store when you order online. Stay tuned for my review of THAT ereader tablet.