Got the Kindle Fire less than a week ago as an early birthday gift from my wife and I've been enjoying it immensely since first opening the box. Before I even unnboxed it my wife unregistered it (it came with her Amazon account info). It was already charged (about 65%), started right up, connected with wifi no problem and registered it with my Amazon account all in about 2-3 minutes. All the Amazon apps I have on my phone were also right there in my Kindle cloud and ready to be installed immediately. This is my first Kindle (my wife has a Kindle e-reader).A few tips for those just receiving their KF: There is no signature required on delivery so try to make sure you are home when it is delivered because it comes in a box that says "Kindle Fire" right on the box with no additional exterior wrapping, so if you live in an area where you worry about your mail/deliveries being pilfered, beware. The second tip is that I noticed that the KF would not update its system files to 6.3 until it was fully charged and only then would it download the update, so if you are wondering why your KF does not automatically update itself like it is supposed to, try charging it fully first.The display is amazingly good and the colors and resolution are terrific in my opinion. The only adjustment I've made to it is to turn down the brightness at night to be easier on the eyes. Another really great feature is the ability to change fonts and font sizes on the fly so sometimes I read without my glasses, something only those who wear glasses to read might appreciate.Apps I have on my tiny 3.1 inch phone look completely different, much more detailed and in vibrant colors. Games like Angry Birds also play much more smoothly and quickly without any glitches.Although I am a pretty fair hacker (I have my Stone Age Motorola Backflip rooted and running Cyanogenmod 7), I did not and probably will not root the KF or install an alternate OS or launcher. I really like the carousel and the KF Android modified system is good enough for my needs. I even have remote access to my computer and can play any files on it through my kindle using a free app named Team Viewer available at the Amazon app store.For those who just absolutely, positively have to have Google Play (Andriod Market) apps on the KF but don't want to root the KF for whatever reason (it voids the warranty is one good reason), that was pretty easy as well and most, though not all, run just fine on the KF (excluding widgets). To accomplish that easily and quickly I just installed a free Google Play app on my phone named File Expert, used it to backup the apps I wanted from my phone as .apk files (just a few clicks necessary), then copied the apk files from my phone to a folder on my desktop computer. Just a suggestion, but I also suggest installing Dropbox on your android phone as well before doing this. Also, install one of the free file explorers on your KF (I used ES File Explorer, available on Amazon app store for free) so you can find the files once you transfer them to the KF.Then I connected my KF to my computer (using the micro USB from my phone)and copied and pasted the apk files from my computer desktop folder to a folder called Android Apps I made on my KF with ES File Explorer. After pasting simply go to that folder on your KF in ES File Explorer and click on the apk files and presto, they are installed. Now I have my Giants, Yankees and NFL apps that I can't live without on my KF and am a happy camper.Note that this only has to be done once because after you install Dropbox on your KF in the future all you have to do to get your apk files there is to upload the apk to Dropbox to make it available on your KF. Alternately, you can also (though I haven't tried this) email the apk files to your kindle and just click on them to install them.So far I have found the Amazon experience with Prime to be excellent and will probably subscribe to Prime when my free 30 trial is up. The book deals to Prime members, borrowing rights and videos available seem to be worth it. I would be interesting in hearing from others, however, as to whether Netflix (for movies and videos) or Hulu are better deals.