EDIT 120816:  WARNING WARNING WARNING - Windows 8 Release to Manufacturers (RTM) Enterprise drivers do not work for the Acer Iconia.  You do not get the option to select a second touch screen.  (Actually, this seems likely to be a bug in Windows 8 to me.  Surely many people will have multiple touch screens attached?)  You cannot flip the orientation of either tablet individually. If you say extend the desktop, it mysteriously changes back to duplicated on its own when you exit the configuration screen.  Why did microsoft do this?  The drivers were working fine in the Customer Preview except that it said you wouldn't get the full pleasure of windows 8.  now i don't get any pleasure at all.Since I bought this dual touch tablet for Windows 8 testing and ultimately its use, I have a really expensive paperweight now.  Please Acer, provide drivers for the dual touch tablets in w8 asap!  You should also provide your keyboard and windows utilities that you did for windows 7.  Please rush now that the RTM is out.***************original review follows**************Windows 8 Customer Preview (free from Microsoft) finally gave me the excuse I was hunting for to justify buying this toy.  I saw some videos of the two working together on youtube (thanks to gameveda for posting them), and also some tips on how to easily get both touchscreens working as input devices.It is indeed working fairly well--far better than you would expect a so-called "beta" version to work, that is.  It has hung up a couple of times, though, so I'd recommend doing dual boot until the final Windows 8 comes out if you depend upon the Iconia as your primary machine.To be extra safe for the installation, you can use the built-in "eRecovery" utilities to create recovery DVD's (takes an external USB DVD-writer and 5 blank single density DVDs).  You can also order the media ready-made from Acer.  I also created the utilities and applications DVD.  That's a good thing because I plan on trying to install some of the Acer software in Windows 8!Microsoft could learn a little about handling multiple touch monitors from Acer.  For example, there is no way (that I've discovered) to use touch in Windows 8 to get windows from one screen to the other when they're stacked vertically like this.  Acer software adds two buttons on the upper right of every window, one of which, when you touch it, puts finger-friendly size buttons on the corners for resizing. The other button snaps the window to the other screen.  This button is also very convenient when using the mouse.[update 3/21/2012:  I've found that if I turn ON auto-hide [default is off] for the task bar, I can slide a window between monitors that are vertically stacked.  Just enough of the upper border shows on the other monitor to complete the movement if I'm careful with finger placement.  Better would be the Acer type buttons or a flick command when moving towards this edge.]Installation was easy, except that for some bizarre reason (like I said, Microsoft could take some lessons from Acer on multiple touch screen usage), the way that you identify touchscreens in Windows 8 requires you to press the ENTER KEY ON A KEYBOARD!?!?!?!  You touch the screen to show that it's a touch screen, but then the only way to move on to the next screen is to press enter!  Anyway, have a keyboard handy when setting up. :-)There seems to be some question about it in various reviews, but mine came with an external USB card reader.  Swapping out the memory for Corsair 8GB (2x 4GB) 1333mhz PC3-10666 204-pin DDR3 SODIMM Laptop Memory Kit CMSO8GX3M2A1333C9 takes no tools.  It's probably not really necessary for most day to day usage, but memory is a real bargain right now and you never know what kind of applications you might want to try on this thing eventually!  My iconia did not come with bluetooth.CONS:  weight and battery life.Hmmm.  How will I justify getting the newer version with the "ultrabook" i7 ivy bridge chips?  Hmmm.  Maybe to run the final version of Windows 8 when it comes out? Hmmm.Edit 6/5/2012:  Installed W8 Release Preview.  Sliding in from the sides to get the "charms" or the thumbnails of open apps works much more easily now.  M/S fixed the first of the two requirements for the external keyboard during setup.  Now the second touch screen asks if it's a touch screen automatically after you touch the first.  However, you still need the kb to press enter on the second touchscreen to exit that configuration.  I never did get most of the Acer add-on running but didn't complain since they weren't really written for W8.  ACER, WE ARE READY FOR THESE NOW!  Particularly need the ability to move a window vertically between screens with your fingers rather than the mouse!