I'm not slamming this tablet.  I'm just pointing out some flaws of most tablets for those that may not know what they're getting themselves into.It's one of the better tablets out there but tablets are still a novelty item.  They have their uses but they definitely aren't notebook replacements and have a place where you don't want to wield a notebook.  Overall it's a good addition to my device collection but my Dell Inspiron Duo provides a better "real web" experience because it has a real desktop OS.  The color doesn't look gray to me but what a champagne would look like.  I've never seen a champagne in person and I've verified the model numbers in store as well and they say gray.I've used the Android OS since the HTC G1 came out and have every major version up through 4.x.  Once mobile Flash was finally introduced, pocket web browsing became a much better experience.  The worst thing about stock Android is they never fixed their e-mail client (no, I don't use their gmail and use an ISP) and it still has the same basic problems since the beginning.  They obviously don't care since they want you to use gmail.The apple crowd have it worse with the lack of flash support but everyone hates being redirected to a mobile site when they've paid good money on a capable machine.  Changing the UserAgent usually doesn't work much these days.  Some sites provide you the option to go to the full site but many don't.  And some sites want you to download a stupid application for a web site.  Hmmm, I just want one web browser for every web site I visit, not an application for every web site I would visit.  I don't need the appcrap kind sir.  The googletv falls into this category as well.I also don't enjoying going to YouTube and getting a notification that the video is not allowed to play on my mobile device.  It's bad enough we get notifications that the video isn't allowed in your country.  Some streaming web sites will also give you the 'no mobile devices allowed'.And the applications.  Everything I ever downloaded for the Android platform has been free and I like it that way.  Maybe I deserve what I get for not paying for the full version but I'm sure that's not the case.  One size does not fit all...installer beware.  Because of the splintering between manufacturers and wireless carries (talking versions) on all these mobile devices, not everything works the way it should or even at all.  The same goes for OS updates.  If you're on a telephone then you're pretty much at the mercy of your wireless provider and what they determine the shelf life of your 3-6 month product.  Good luck getting updates up through your 2 year plan.  Tablets are another story if they're WiFi only models.  Good luck with the vendor.  At least Asus has been okay thus far but I'm sure we've seen the better days of updates.  What if Microsoft didn't provide you Windows Updates after owning your shiny new Packard Bell for 9 months?Oh how I hate virtual keyboards for anything more than inputting passwords....Complex passwords?  Fugetaboutit!!  I picked up the keyboard for this and it's a lifesaver for typing.  I'd like to see Microsoft Surface users enjoying their spreadsheets with a touchscreen.  I'm looking forward to the Surface platform because if it solves the issues I state above, so long Android.Life's Connected Rules:You shouldn't tote around any mobile telephone with a screen size larger than 4".  That's why you have tablets.You shouldn't carry around a tablet with a screen size larger than 10".  That's why you have notebooks.You shouldn't lug around notebooks with a screen size larger than 15".  That's why you have desktops.Big boys play games on desktops with resolutions better than 1920x1080 HDTV resolutions.