Typing this review from a playbook. Everything I own is mac, from iphone to macbooks to Apple tv, but I just couldn't justify the enormous price tag for an ipad that's essentially a larger iphone. When I saw the playbook on sale at best buy I was skeptical at first... RIM products have never been on the top of my list since 2005, and I do have an outdated bb bold for work, but after playing with the playbook for 20 minutes I was impressed!  The release of os 2.0 adds both email client and calendars that can be synced from work, school, and Google Calendar makes it very convenient to have on a tablet. Dates on the calendar vary in size depending on how busy you are, making it very convenient for all those busy bodies out there. The browser is the best I've ever used on a tablet, way better than the safari I'm used to on the iphone. Some people complain that loading full web pages on a seven inch screen is too cramped, but I think it's perfect and the flash enabling makes viewing content like YouTube links a breeze. I like it so much that I'm considering getting a blackberry as my next phone! Apple products may be easy to use and convenient, but the playbook made me realize just how much is lacking in the ios platform.  I could never justify paying the exuberant price for the ipad, especially since I don't game much and just wanted a device that can read word documents and connect to the Internet. If you're cross shopping this with the ipad, trust me when I say it's worth it as long as you don't mind the lack of apps (really, most apps on the Apple Store are children's games anyway), the smaller screen, and imo, A far more intuitive interface and web browsing experience. Its made me glad that I shook the Apple disease and realize how much has been missing from their products. If you are a budget minded individuals who needs a device for viewing work documents, emails, schedules, and flash enabled sites, you can't go wrong with the playbook. Oh, and the small buttons up top aren't really a big deal breaker either.  Trust me when I say you'll know when your device is turning on by a nifty feature called the lcd screen...Some small gripes, but no deal breakers:1) currently no netflix or hulu+ support. Can be sided in from android marketplace, but who has the time to figure that out?2) no Google maps app. Important for those who do sales and need to keep track of their territory. Instead, uses bing maps which is about as intuitive as a slide rule. Can access Google maps through browser though, so not a big deal3) wifi only. Can be tethered via smartphone, but won't tether with an jailbroken iphone4) small power button, doesn't take away from the experience as a wholePros:1) calendar syncing and interface2) supports virtually any email client, can sync with a corporate blackberry without saving content to the playbook. In the corporate world this is a godsend, since most companies protect their content like bees to a hive.3) browser: tabs, flash, quick responsive scrolling4) graphic user interface puts ios to shame5) document viewing and editing, including power point, pdf, word, etc., wireless printing6) price... Think about it. Half the price of an ipad minus useless apps plus better tablet experience?  You'd be nuts or a teenager to pass on this dealReally very happy with this device. Utterly astounded by the value, and will likely buy a blackberry phone in the future to make better use if the playbook features. I'm sold!!