I received the product within a reasonable time from seller PST (Poppy Seeds Toms) and was super excited when I received it. This was my 1st tablet. My 17yr old wanted one for Christmas and I thought, 'I am not getting her one without getting myself one'. Like others on here, I researched, read and decided on the one to get. She wanted a 7 inch ( so I purchased another brand for her AGPTek) but I thought I would try this one and see the difference in the 2 and I got me the LePan II.Out of the box, it was nice and it worked. I have 2 jobs and I like having my smartphone or laptop handy to work when necessary. The Lepan II did that... I was comfortable in my purchase. My daughter AGPTek came and it was ok but not as good as my LePan so I got her a Samsung (which is great by the way), bought anohter AGPTek and gave them to my sisters for Christmas.Everything was great until mine (the more expensive of them all) just stopped powering on. I was sick for a few days after Christmas and I just laid in the bed and used no type device to do anything. I didn't purchase a case for the tablet so I kept it in the plastic and in the box ( out of fear). I set up for about 1 week, no use at all. I am getting ready to return to work after the holidays and I wanted to begin checking emails and getting up to date... It would not power on. I thought ' it's dead, put it on the charger'. It sat on the charger for 5 hours, and it never came on. I read the suggestions from LePan on their website and other LePan forums and did all they suggested (hit reset, hit pwr for 30 sec,  reset + pwr, reset+ volume up, reset+ volume dwn, reset+ pwr and volume) nothing worked. I then saw someone that said they returned it to Amazon. So I contacted the seller (marketplace), who even gave me something to do (they said, that is the ICS for you), still nothing. I contacted LePan and I was on hold for over an hour, at work! I sent then an email, filled out the form..I contacted the seler again saying I want a refund.. they told me it was past their 14-15 day policy and that I needed to contact LePan. Well, that policy was not listed, they reference Amazon's policy so Amazon has put in a claim to get me refunded from the seller. The seller and I have gone back and forth as they do not believe that I am telling the truth (first they said, I was past the return point, then they said I probably broke it, then after they received they said it was heavily used and I switched the machine and sent them another one). So on top of this tablet not working, I am being called a crook by the seller.I am still waiting on that refund, but it hasn't been the 5 business days.Nonetheless, I wanted so bad to like this tablet. I loved the size and I love Androids but after less than 10 days of use, the power shouldn't be the issue. Furthermore, there shouldn't be this many people talking about this same issue. The thing just stopped coming on.I am an Amazon shopper. I don't like shopping and I hate large crowds, so sitting at my computer and shopping has been my thing. For the past 2 years, I have gone to the store at most 2 times during the Holidays. This experience, with the machine and especially with the seller had me in tears on Monday. I believe in shopping around and getting the best for the best price but my sanity was challenged with this purchase. It is already fearful purchasing online and especially electronic, but to feel hopeless like I have felt for the past 2 weeks with the seller and this machine will push me away. This is ridiculous.