I've had my Xoom for a couple of weeks now.  I read all the reviews and discovered that people either loved it or hated it.  Personally, I LOVE it.  I already had an Android based phone (Samsung Fascinate), so the transition to the tablet was pretty easy for me.  I think that alot of the negative reviews are from 'converts' (Apple users switching to Android).I think that it is important to note that the Android OS has a bit of a different user experience than the iPad. The iPad presents page after page of apps that you scroll through and open.  The Android has more of a 'desktop' type interface that you can customize to your hearts content move stuff where you want it, change your wallpaper, and then these cool little things called 'widgets'.  Widgets make the tablet form factor actually USEFUL.  I can add tweetdeck, weather, calendar and email widgets to one of the pages of the Xoom and they update in real-time.  I know the iPad has animated icons, that show how many new emails you have and even what the current temperature is, but Android takes that further - I can actually SEE the last few emails I have received, I can see the current temperature, as well as sunny/cloudy/stormy - for the next 5 days - the last 5 updates from my Facebook and Twitter feeds, CNBC Markets in real-time and my upcoming tasks on my calendar.  AND, I can do all of this without even opening an app.  That's the power of Android and Widgets.Now, if you are 'converting' from Apple (iPhone, iPod, or iPad), I would say to be prepared to sit down for a while and learn this OS.  It is SO much more powerful than what Apple lets you do with their OS.The single biggest complaint about the Xoom and Android tablets in general - is the lack of apps for the platform.  My experience thus far?  I have absolutely everything I personally want on my Xoom already.  I don't however, use it for watching movies - so the lack of NetFlix (as of the date of this post) isn't a deal-killer for me.  The support of Flash is much more important to me than is NetFlix (which will have an app out soon anyway, I understand).  That's the other thing - I have been going to the Android market every couple of days and there are ALWAYS new apps that are being released that support Android 3.1 (latest release).  Angry Birds is already supported (and downloaded), so who really needs much more than that?  ((grin))I purchased the Wi-Fi version of the Xoom as I use it mostly at home and at work where I have wi-fi readily available.  I also have a hot spot feature on my phone that I can enable when I'm out of range of free wi-fi - that allows me to get updates on my Xoom anywhere there is a 3G/4G connection for my phone.Overall, if you like to (or would like to) have control over your tablet and customize it for the way you work or play, Android is the way to go.  The Xoom is a fantastic example, as it is well-built, has a 5MP camera on the back and a 2MP up front for conferencing, and has a TON of fun stuff to download and install already (I have only paid for 3 apps so far - many, many free apps available for the Xoom) with more being introduced virtually everyday, then you should at the very least consider this tablet.  You won't be disappointed.I highly recommend the Xoom for purchase consideration.