I bought this tablet to use mainly as an e-reader because I thought of the portability. I think the 7" screen is too small for me. I wish it was 8 or 9 inches. However in the overall the Nook Tablet seems nice. I am still exploring all its features.  I find there is a total lack of instruction of how to use them. For example photo transfer from phone to Nook or from Mac to Nook.  There are 2 places were to allocated photos: Gallery and Photos.  The Gallery seems linked directly to a google account. I am still struggling to get through this.  I want to customize the tablet better for my personal use, and I am still learning, thus for the time being I will give it 4 stars.Not all screens of the tablet can be zoomed in either and this is very bad. Barnes and Nobles books reviews about e-books is one of them and this is why I wished I had a larger screen.I have NOT used the Barnes & Noble library download feature, I use Kindle app instead.The e-mail set up is also annoying as well. It assumes user has a gmail account and setting up different emails is not easy. I have fixed this by directly using webmail account access.Not all apps are  available for Nook tablet either. Some of them (quite popular ones as well) are only available for iPad or android phone. I do not understand why since this is an android platform they do not work with Nook. This is something hard to determine previous the purchase of the tablet and until in need of a specific app. Perhaps not necessarily the fault of the tablet manufacturer, but still irritating.I will leave a better detailed review when I learn all the features of the tablet.***UPDATE April 22.2014The more I use the Nook the more I dislike this tablet. I originally graded it 4 stars but a series of technical problems is forcing me to give it 3 stars.Kindle app continuously freezes or crashes.  Tablet reading feature lights up  as problem as well: it seems to get stuck on a low light dim mode and needs to be adjusted frequently.  Since Barnes & Noble library availably of selection is much inferior to the Amazon one in many ways including price of ebooks, Kindle is a must for avid readers.WhatsUp app is not compatible for this tablet either.Skype app works with the Nook but it is almost useless since the tablet lacks of camera. This is NOT a feature I was looking for initially, but I am now.I even downloaded a free office/document program called King Office, which isn't that bad.The tablet syncs automatically with the contact list of android phone but doesn't recognize a cable connection for photo transfer between the phone and tablet.  I truly dislike the sync part where my contacts are displayed on the tablet. I had to manually hide and remove that option.Google+ and Google icons along with Gmail icons populate the tablet and this is also very annoying.  I am still trying to figure out how to completely eliminate that.I will continue to update as I use it but my opinion about this tablet is that if you are looking to go beyond the e-reader use you are going to be somewhat disappointed.