I use this with a Bluetooth keyboard, and a cheap stylus with an eraser end and no tip (the Roocase version) as a mouse. I don't use the dock anymore for any reason.Do not uninstall "Device Control". Every time I open my tablet, I need to open Device Control to enable Bluetooth before my keyboard works, especially since I am not using the dock which can also turn Bluetooth on.I find Internet explorer browser painfully slow on the tablet (and the latest version is installed). But the Google Chrome browser is a dream. The sound on this gadget is much better than my now disposed of, much heavier Dell laptop..I can actually watch Youtube.com videos without speakers, the first time in years.I don't have problems with Netflix streaming at all - I just run Netflix in the Google Chrome browser.  I didn't do any tweaks I am aware of, just uninstalled some of the Acer Ring components (except Device Control, as mentioned earlier it is needed to turn on Bluetooth capability every single time I turn on my tablet from the shut down mode- wifi is always on, though).Previously I used to change my laptop quickly because the keyboards become so very dirty. Now it is great to have bought a separate bluetooth keyboard that is more disposable than my computing device.I use a leather case with stand (Tuff Luv) and keep the tablet in there all the time except when I clean the case and the tablet, every few days. The tablet has a nice Skinomi sticker covering its full body. I removed the factory installed skin protector which made it look dirty with all the bubbles, and haven't put on any other screen protector.It is really fast but avoid using Internet Explorer.Handwriting recognition is very good. I imagine I could write handwritten notes with this device too, handwriting renders beautifully even using the eraser end of my Roocase stylus..I imagine a tipped stylus would be even more authentic.Before I got my Bluetooth keyboard, I spent some days using the virtual keyboard. I still use it to sign in with my password. I guess it is something that is very usable, but for me my tablet didn't feel like a productivity tool till I got the Bluetooth keyboard. I mean I can type very fast using the virtual keyboard, but it just did not feel psychologically right using that for more professional work.It is great to have a device that so easily switches from professional to entertainment, or vice versa. I love the back and front cameras - my much heavier now disposed of laptop did not have a rear camera.Sticking something in the USB port at the bottom makes the tablet jut out just a little less than aesthetically from the leather case that I purchased, but for short term usage (like plugging in a USB CD ROM drive to install a program) it should work just fine. Alternatively, rotate the tablet so the USB port is on the top. Windows auto rotation isn't the fastest, but that isn't the primary reason I got this device.Oh, and the full HDMI port is awesome. I haven't tested it yet, but it is awesome to not look for special adapters/cables like for all these other, especially non-Windows tablets out there.I love this purchase! And I got an extended accident protection warranty from SquareTrade, from Amazon.This device suited me because I just did not want to leave Windows for Ipad/Android..I can't predict all my needs or whether the newer OS's would always have the apps I need..nor do I want to invest the time finding out an app to use for every single task..Windows is entrenched and a quick Google search always reveals the programs I may need for any reason.At some time in the future, I may buy an SD card. But since so much of my work is Cloud-based, I store almost everything on the server. I can use the programs I need to, then upload the file and delete it.So now I have an all in one main computing device that I can use for any present or unanticipated future needs.