Pros: - great for reading books with graphics & formulas - simple navigation - smooth integration with Amazon marketplaceCons: - heavier than ideal - limited number of apps (not all Android apps will be available on the Fire)Disclosure: I bought this device as a *reading* device primarily, in particular for reading non-fiction books which contain graphics & formulas and where color is useful. I did *not* want or expect a tablet, and thus was not interested in the features which are not present on this device. If you want a _tablet_, then I would recommend getting an iPad.UNWRAPPINGThe box contains mainly two pieces: the device and the charging cable. The device is pre-registered to your account, however it requires an initial sync to download all the content. I received mine on 11/16, which is when a lot of people also received theirs. I easily connected it to my Wi-Fi, but when it came to synchronizing everything, the Amazon servers seemed overloaded and that entire process took around 30-45 minutes, during which time I couldn't do much on the device other than browsing. That being said, I expect the experience to be very smooth once the rush dies down.SOFTWARE EXPERIENCEThe software is very minimalistic (which I consider a positive). The global settings can be accessed from the top of the screen, and the contextual options are accessed through the bottom. The home screen contains tabs for the main functionality (reviewed below), the carousel and the favorites. The carousel animation is smooth, although I found the value of its existence rather limited. I've read on other reviews that people are worried about the privacy aspects of having everything you've accessed recently  available and not editable, but personally that doesn't bother me. I just haven't used it. The integration with the Amazon Store is extremely smooth - every page contains a link to the store, drilled down into the specific area you were exploring (books, movies, apps etc.). In order to make this experience smooth, 1-click purchases get enabled, which does make it challenging if you want children to use this device, or if you're sharing the device. From a security perspective, you can add a passcode on the lock screen (which I strongly recommend), but that's about it. As far as typing goes, the keyboard is probably on par with other tablet devices out there, but I found the auto-correct being less complete than I'm used to, but I probably just got spoiled with my WP7.HARDWAREThe device is a little heavier than I'd like, and it's definitely not as polished as the other Kindles. That being said, it's a nice size, and fits nicely in your hands. It's lighter than the iPad, so you can actually hold it like a book. The controls (power button, headphones & USB port) are on the bottom, and while some people mentioned turning off the device accidentally, I've never had that happened. I credit that to the cover, which has one of the "hooks" next to the button, thus making it harder to hit accidentally. The battery is what I would expect - for my usage, I have charged it once in three days. Personally, as long as the device lasts more than one day, it doesn't bother me. Obviously the charge time will not last as long as the eInk Kindles.BOOKSThis is the primary reason I got this: I read a lot of non-fiction books, which previously looked horrible on the eInk Kindle. Doing a side-by-side comparison with the iPad, the Fire is easier to read. For reading a book for a few hours (2-3) at a time, the Fire works out great. If you typically read books for longer period of times, it will most likely strain your eyes, so get one of the eInk Kindles. I have not yet read outside in direct sunlight, but I suspect it will have some issues. Purchasing books is very easy, accessing them is intuitive, flipping through the pages is smooth, highlighting & notes can easily be added, and your latest location is synchronized across all your Kindle devices/applications. Technical books & PDFs look great, and you can easily pinch zoom to get better clarity.MAGAZINESThe selection of magazines on Amazon is pretty large, and again, they make it very easy to subscribe. You get one 14-day trial, and most of the subscriptions are between $1.49-$4.99 per month. Due to the screen size, the books "look" better on the iPad, but I didn't find that readability is affected since I can easily pinch zoom and read the article. The only thing I found missing is that you cannot add notes to magazines, which is something supported on books.MOVIESPrime membership gives you free *streaming* to a lot of movies and shows. Purchasing will give you local movies for offline viewing. I watched a couple of HD movies, which was very smooth. I expect with time the library will grow in size.APPSNot all Android apps are supported on the Fire (yet). There's a pretty wide selection of apps & games, which can easily be purchased and installed as expected. The apps that are pre-loaded cannot be removed, and they include Facebook, Email, IMDB, Weather. The built-in Email app supports most providers (Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail etc.), as well as general POP3 & IMAP. Exchange is not supported yet, but you can get the Enhanced Email app for free which does have it. Apps can be pinned just like books on the home screen.BROWSINGThe browser is pretty simple as well. It would be nice to be able to hide the top bar, but again you can pinch zoom. Some people have complained about the loading time for pages, but I haven't noticed that as an issue, although I have not compared it side-by-side with an iPad. I suspect with time, based on the algorithms in Silk, the load time will improve.