The Hp Slate 500 Evaluation (had it for 6 months)Well, finally we received the Slate (it took 6 weeks).We currently have several applications running under Windows, The slate is not going to replace any PC or laptop that we currently have; it is going to enhance our applications use.Our infrastructure in our home consist of an office where we Ethernet network a printer, 2 HP regular Pcs with a KVM (one HP monitor w2338h, hp keyboard, regular mouse) and one HP wireless / Ethernet laptop ( on wheels- glass computer table) with very nice speakers that my wife can move around the house. The garden and the whole house is wireless covered. My daughter that lives in Atlanta and works from home comes periodically to visit us and it is very easy for us to connect her computers to our KVM and network.My wife has a rather extensive collection of French audio books  that  she can read the text and listen to the audio on her laptop however when she is resting in bed using the laptop is not practical at all as well as when she is in the garden. That is the vacuum the Slate fills The Slate will also be connected to the wireless network and the KVM to install software etc. Her audio books are stored in all the computers (for backup purposes) so they do not need to be copied to the Slate, she will access the audio books directly from any computer in the network.1 - The slate came properly boxed and without any damage.2 - The connection of the Slate to the network and the KVM took 5 minutes.3 - Loading the virus protection from Norton took 20 minutes with Norton's help.4 - Loading all the other software was very uneventful.5 - The web wireless connection is fast and uneventful. I have flash!6 - Training my wife in the use of the Slate was very easy. She loves it.7- . If you are reading an e-book in bed and it requires minimum interaction to turn pages it is OK otherwise does not work that well.8 - We can see movies in the garden; take pictures of flowers and mail then to friends, video conference with my grandson and daughter from the garden using ooVoo 9 ( This works during the early hours and evening hours due to the glare and that type of screens)9 - Connected the Tablet to the stereo in the car by using Bluetooth no problem. Connected the tablet to my stereo main system at home with Bluetooth no problem.Are we happy with the Slate? Yes we are.  The Slate does 100% of what we wanted and more.Why is the marketing department at HP saying that this is a business Slate? You have a winner in your hands and you do not recognize it. It is Business and family oriented. YOU HAVE BOTH!!! Hope you correct the course because otherwise you will be missing a nice segment of the market and source of revenues.The only negative so far is that one day I got an error message while powering up and the pointer or my finger did not work had to plug it into the KVM to solve. MS should look into Windows 7 support of slates at that early point in loading the OS.This is an update to my evaluation.This is how we are using the tablet:We (my wife and me) normally get up early in the morning and sit in the garden and talk. Now we also take the tablet with us and listen to news and other internet news sites. My wife speaks French and as we were talking she mention a book she wanted to buy, she took the tablet and found the title of the book in Radio France she gave me the tablet for me to see, then I copied / pasted the title in Amazon found that the book was not available in Kindle (a week ago, I installed PC Kindle in the tablet and works great) but we found a paperback in Amazon so with a few clicks we bought the book, Amazon sent me the e-mail confirmation then I passed the tablet to my wife for her to check and we printed the e-mail in our network printer from the tablet ... Cool !!! Notice the passing back and forth of the tablet...Connected the tablet to our stereo system in the house by using Bluetooth . I used a very inexpensive system $25 including delivery bluetooth bluelink from Amazon. Sounds perfect I can now listen to music from the internet, RadioFrance.fr, internet news at full stereo (surround Sound) in the family room. - Cool very Cool.