I tried the original iPad and was not overly impressed.  I tried the MOTOROLA XOOM Android Tablet (Wi-Fi) and was happy enough until I tried this iPad 2.  I love this updated version!  The only issue I had was trying to decide which version to get since there are many options.Storage capacity can be 16 GB, 32 GB or 64 GB.  I would recommend at least the 32 GB since you cannot expand the storage and although apps do not take up much space, I was amazed at the amount of stuff I loaded onto my iPad (photos, movies, music, documents, etc.).  Trying to save some money, I wondered if I should get wi-fi only or the wi-fi/3G combination and with which service provider, AT&T; or Verizon? Every iPad has wireless technology built in and automatically finds wi-fi networks easily but if you want to use it while traveling, the great outdoors or rural areas, wi-fi is not always an option.  If you have an iPhone 4, you can use it as a personal wi-fi hotspot for your iPad but your iPhone carrier might charge extra when this option is used.  Also, GPS is on the 3G models only, wi-fi provides an approximate location and this could be an issue if you love using Four Square or other GPS based applications.  More importantly, the wi-fi only model cuts your battery time down (~8 hours).  If you do choose wi-fi + 3G, I would check with AT&T; or Verizon networks for pricing before deciding.  Both seem to provide reasonable costs for domestic usage but international usage is outrageous.  The previous iPad allowed any carrier to be used overseas (which is a bargain) but I'm not sure if AT&T; and Verizon models allow for the same thing.This new version is lighter, faster, slimmer and has slightly longer battery life at 10 hours.  I love the brilliant LED backlit display on the 9.7 inch screen.  I'm still not a fan of Pages (iWork) but it is possible to get Word documents on your iPad through iTunes.  There is no official Microsoft version but being able to download Word documents from my pc to the iPad and work on them makes a huge difference for me. I really love the technological improvements that allows this iPad to know your every move and be more responsive.  No matter how you rotate this iPad, the display self adjusts - even if you place it upside down!  It makes playing games like Critter Ball that much more fun to play and allows viewing movies or reading a book in any position.  Need I comment about Apple apps?  They beat the Android and every other market out there on this score and help make Apple products first choice.For me, The only thing that prevents this tablet from being perfect is a better camera and the lack of Mozilla (I know this will never happen).  I have tried a lot of tablets and prefer this one over all others.  Yes, it is expensive but I consider it a good investment since it allows me to complete tasks on-the-go and help pass the time while waiting.  I think having this iPad along with an iPhone (or any smartphone) is the best combination.  Smartphones can provide information from the web but their small screen size can make viewing difficult and this iPad allows for a perfect union.