I don't own one but I have played with one in the store and read about it. So if I am wrong about something then forgive me. This is basicaly a big itouch. In my opinion it is great if you want to do some web browsing or read downloaded books on it. Size makes it good to take on a trip so you can browse the internet or watch movies. Wrong! It doesn't have a stand that can pop out so it can be propped up so you can watch a movie. Imagine holding this thing while watching a movie for 90 minutes or laying it flat to type on the onscreen keypad and staring straight down on it. Or you can hold it with one hand and type with the other. You can buy a case that doubles as a stand which makes it bulky and it is not adjustable. You need a case for this because it doesn't have a lid like a netbook. Imagine this big screen unprotected as you carry it around. They hype this up with it's ability to look at photos and watch movies on. Well you have to buy their cables to load pictures or movies into it. There are no ports of any kind or memory card slot. Just their propietary port for their cable. And what good is having your pictures loaded in it if you can't print them or transfer them easily.I would strongly suggest you to take a look at the Acer aspire 1410-2497 11 inch netbook (anything smaller will be a pain to stare at)and weigh out your needs and usefulness of something like this. An adequatley equiped netbook can do everything the ipad can and a whole lot more. Can you do your Microsoft word documents, spreadsheets, print, etc. on an ipad? No. And also when in keypad mode the keypad takes up like half of the screen. With a netbook you have a dedicated screen. You can get a Netbook loaded with features for less and it is a real computer. Add up the costs of adding the optional case/stand, keyboard, business apps, etc. How much is your ipad now.Gripes I have with Apples i devices is that you can't just pop out a dead battery and pop in another one and be on your way. No memory card slot so you can upload or download content. And the kicker is they do this on purpose because they don't want you to have the ability of more memory. Like the iphone, itouch, ipod they will market a device with unbelievable little memory. The following year they will market their newer model with a little more memory and charge you more and so on. What kind of scam is this.If you want one to take on vacations and to be able to look up places to eat or just to take to the coffee shop and do some web browsing then just get an itouch. It will serve it's purpose less expensive and you can carry it in your pocket and have with you all the time. On vacation it can come in handy. Most places have free wifi now. And if you have kids, just whip it out when they drive you crazy. Sure it's smaller than an ipad but your not going to carry an ipad around with you everywhere on vacation.So great for lounging, web surfing, read digital books. Heavy typing or business or school work, no. Netbook little more bulky but can do everything and more. It does have it's place in the world but unless they make a built in stand, put in a usb port, and a memory card slot don't bother. Some argue that it is great for presentations. Yeah but you have do all the work on a computer first and then pull out the cable to load it onto the ipad. You can't make any changes or print anything so now you have to go back to your computer again. Unless you use the ipad apps. And I believe the apps are limited on what you can do. I can understand the iphone and itouch with limited potential because they are meant as pocket media devices. But what makes the ipad such a leap forward besides its bigger screen?Everyone is allowed to agree or disagree. I am just trying give some thoughs for people to think about before buying. Some may be fine for what it does, but some might expect more. Ask a lot of questions and verify.