At first I thought I may play with the Playbook and decide it was just a glorified toy and end up returning it.  But after using it for only a few days I was really impressed and knew it was a keeper.  I've been using it for about three weeks and overall I have been very pleased with my purchase.PROS-Battery life has been GREAT!  Over two full days with many hours with Wifi on all the time and B/T on sometimes and I still have a little under quarter battery left.  Wow!  I think it was rated for 8 hours of use and I definitely have logged more hours using it.  Turning of the Wifi and B/T when not needed really extends the battery life.-The Blackberry Bridge works much better than expected.  I get all the PIMs from my phone plus email and BBM to mirror seamlessly via B/T.  I can even access the SD card content in my Blackberry phone.  I wish it was a little faster, but it's via B/T.-Tethering works well.  Been able to browse w/out Wifi tethered to my Blackberry data plan at no extra monthly costs. This is an incredible advantage of this tablet.-The screen is absolutely gorgeously brilliant and navigation is very seamless with no lag time.  Took just a few minutes and one how-to video to figure out the gestures (very easy and yet powerful).-Web browsing is very fast and efficient-New QNX OS multi-tasking is amazingly good.  I can have multiple apps running at the same time in the background or foreground without any hiccups or lag time.  Very powerful!-Built in Word, Excel, PDF, etc. is a big plus, but I don't see myself typing a document on the touch screen with my shaky hands.  Maybe a b/t keyboard is in order.CONS-Lack of some apps that I expected would be there.  Surprisingly Amazon is missing from the arena (even though they had said they would have Kindle for Playbook at release).  Haven't found any Google Apps either (instead RIM partnered with MS for Bing).  Lots of app in the app-world but not the ones I hoped for.  Hopefully over time app developers will catch on to this new tablet.-It seems heavy for it's size and gets tiring to hold it for a long time.  I expected it to be much lighter (maybe I need to work out more).  It's a solid piece.  I just hope I don't drop it since I was too cheap to flip for insurance.-Biggest con is that an SD card reader is badly needed here.  It's a shame it wasn't include it.  Too bad they tried to copy Apple with their silly tiered memory approach.I think overall the initial negative reviews have been overly critical of this tablet.  There's definitely room for additional functionality and I can see RIM has rushed it out without some integral pieces (missing native apps like email, calendar - but bridge makes up for it connected to a Blackberry cell).  However, being RIM's first tablet on the brand new QNX OS it is very impressive overall and a solid design.  I'm hoping that the next big OS release will add lots more functionality.