I received my LePan II from Walmart a couple of days ago.  I couldn't be more pleased!  Everything that I've tried simply works!  When I saw this tablet, I was close to purchasing a BB Playbook, but was concerned with the usability of a 7 inch screen.  In my opinion, the LePan is an excellent size. I feel comfortable carrying it around and it's a great size for use when lying in bed or sitting on the couch.This tablet has excellent specs and is plenty zippy when performing everyday tasks. I was careful to give it a full charge before playing with it and I have had none of the performance issues that some have had. I received it on a Tuesday afternoon, loaded up a few essential apps and took it on an overnight trip the following day.  I had no problems connecting both at home and at the hotel.  It was simply a pleasure to use and I appreciated not having to drag around my 14 inch laptop...I've been waiting for a reasonably priced, well performing tablet that was running Honeycomb.  The fact that it will upgrade to ICS in the future is just icing on the cake.  I can't imagine what I could get from a name brand tablet that costs $200.00 more than this little hidden gem.  I don't think LePan will be considered an off brand for very long, provided they can get their products out in a timely fashion.Also been looking around for a case for the tablet.  I liked the price and looks of the Targus Truss, but it just felt big in my hands and I wasn't crazy about the elastic band. I think I found another possibility for the LePan.I ended up buying a Cygnett Soft-touch Folio with Multi-View Stand for iPad 2.  As there aren't many accessory choices for the LePan, I took the tablet into my local Wally World and began trying some cases on for size.  Most of them would not fit properly, primariarly due to the fact that the ports are in different places on the iPad 2 in addition to the fact that the iPad 2 is bit thinner. It came down to the Targus Truss or the Cygnett.  I chose the Cygnett because it was a slimmer, better fit than the Targus Truss. This case allows me to access the charging port, power button and the headphone jack.  I can't get to the volume controls without altering the case, but that is easily solved by using a volume control widget. Some folks might want to be aware that there is no locking closure on this case, although I haven't found this to be a problem. Although a piece of elastic would take care of that problem...  Also, the price was $10.00 less than here on Amazon.I'm very happy with the fit and finish of the case and it looks like it should hold up well while protecting my tablet. Also, the dark muted lavender/purple is a rich beautiful color.  Very very happy!!!