My dad recently bought one of these, so had a chance to use it for a few days before he took it. My impressions of it are mostly positive; my two main gripes about it are these:1. On my Android phone, if I buy an app from the marketplace, I have 24 hours to try it out and decide whether I like it. As far as I can tell, there's no such feature on the iPad. So if you buy something and it really sucks, oh well. There's no trial period or anything for these apps. I don't recall this being mentioned in any of the reviews I read, but I think this is pretty important. I guess reviewers think anybody who's interested in an iPad already has an iPhone, so this would've been common knowledge to that audience.2. iTunes is just a huge PITA. I downloaded and installed a fresh copy of iTunes on my PC, hooked the iPad up via USB, and it promptly deleted all the books and apps I had on the iPad without so much as a warning. After that, when I set up iTunes on my dad's PC, it complained that the iPad could only sync with one iTunes library (presumably because I had already synced it on mine), and wanted to erase everything that was on the iPad. At least it warned me this time, but if you plan to sync the iPad with two different computers, you're going to have to jump through some hoops.Overall, it seems to be a very scaled down Android device, but that's ok, since this thing isn't really targeted at people who would ever know the difference anyway. Plus, there's a better selection of apps here. I probably would've bought one myself if I could find a way around not having to use iTunes to get content from the PC to the iPad. I did some searching to see if you could jailbreak it and just drag and drop stuff onto it without using iTunes, but no such luck.As far as my dad is concerned, he's not a complete computer novice, but not exactly highly skilled either, and he really likes the iPad. I installed the MLB At Bat program, and he can stream the audio from baseball games right on the device while browsing the web. I told him he could watch the games with an MLB.TV subscription, but he likes listening to them more. *shrugs*For those claiming it's just a big iPod Touch, that's not necessarily a bad thing. The size of the iPad makes it hard to carry around, but I can assure you... having a screen that's 3x bigger is a huge plus if you play with an iPod Touch (or similar device) a lot while on your couch :)And those of you who are dissing the iPad because it doesn't have USB/HDMI ports, a camera, or multitasking capabilities are really missing the point. In about 15-20 minutes, I was able to sit down with my dad and show him just about everything there is to know about this device, and now he can download and install his own apps and do whatever else, and he can do it while kicked back in his recliner. And I don't have to worry about him getting viruses and malware, and the ease of use of the iPad is certainly going to cut down on my support calls :) So I guess you could say that him having one of these benefits both of us. It has a much less steeper learning curve than a netbook, and there's little-to-know security risks involved.