I've ordered a lot of Creative products in the past.  So, when I found the ZiiO tablet on Creative's website, I read more about it.  With the recent price drop, along with it's having Android 2.2 installed, I figured it was time to give it a try.  Also, my needs are limited, since I planned to use it at my office to work wirelessly.The ZiiO arrived quickly from Amazon in great shape.  It was a snap to get started, since it really only required that you charge it.  After that, it started and worked just fine.  I don't own an IPad or other tablets; so, I wasn't sure how this would perform as compared to my computers.  Overall, it's been great and perfect for my wireless work at the office.  The ZiiO's screen is sharp and very bright.  Using the touch screen is easy.  I prefer to use the stylus since my fingers will often hit more than one button or option.  But, it's really sensitive and responds very easily.  I ordered the screen protector, to avoid scratches; this went on easily and does not interfere with the screen's performance.As far as getting and using apps, it's been no problem.  I prefer to use the ZiiO Space website, which connects you with a free Android app site.  These download seamlessly.  Once downloaded, you install them and move the icon to the desktop screen, for easy access.  Then, you're good to go.  I've tried watching YouTube videos, and these look and sound really good.  The included Android browser is fast and sufficient for my purposes.  If you want a more comprehensive browser, you can get the app as mentioned above.  The sound from the small speakers on the bottom is clear and sharp, although more volume would be nice.  I haven't tried using headphones, but I expect that the sound quality and volume would be excellent, given my experience with other Creative MP3 players.Overall, I have to say that I'd definitely recommend this tablet for those looking to browse the internet, play games, or do basic tasks (especially using apps).  Even when going on standard websites, I've found them easy and relatively fast to navigate.  The keyboard pops up when you have to type or fill in a response on the webpage.  The 7" screen size is just right for me, being larger than a cell phone and small enough to hold comfortably in one hand.  It's too bad that the Creative ZiiO tablet does not get enough press in the US market.  However, given what you get for the lower price, I suspect that sales will go up quite sharply as word gets out.6/8/2012 Addendum:After having success with my ZiiO 7 tablet, I decided to order a ZiiO 10 for home.  And, like the other, this one has functioned very well and is definitely worth the extra money.  (Of note, it did take some minor adjustments when first setting up after taking it out of the box and charging it.  The touch screen adjustments were all off and had to be properly aligned through the settings menu.  After doing this, the tablet was up and running great.) The 10" screen makes playing games and surfing even easier than with the 7" tablet.  I primarily use this tablet at home, for those purposes (versus the 7" tablet which I use in the office).  Prior to purchasing the larger tablet, I had not tried the bluetooth features.  I really wanted to have a bluetooth speaker for when I'm on the computer in order to listen to my favorite internet radio stations.  So, when I was given the Big Blue Speaker (from Brookstone) for a gift, I quickly paired it with my ZiiO 10.  It's been great.  The pairing was quick and simple.  ZiiO connects easily every time.  And, the music streams perfectly; the X-Fi enhances the sound and is a nice feature with this tablet (since Creative is well known for their Sound Blaster equipment).  It's just another great feature that comes with the ZiiO tablets!