First let me say that if you are limited on funds but are wanting to experience a tablet the Cruz T301 is a good choice. I picked mine up for $99 and it comes with a soft case and a stand in addition to the other normal things such as charger. I started researching what it could do prior to the delivery, and unfortunately became a little scared when I saw so many negative reviews. Needless to say it is important to remember prior to adding any programs to upgrade android to 2.2. This is very easy and instructions are on the Cruz website. After that you send your email address to amazon and they send you a link to download the Amazon Market App store, and the perks are they have a free paid app every day. Other markets to download are Slideme, 1Market, andApp store, and Mobile9. If you are looking for other apps but are unable to find them google them in their .apk format. Another thing to remember is if the app you are wanting to run will not install is that you may have to pick an older version of that app.Another HUGE thing to remember with the Cruz T301 is to get as big a SDHC card (32 gb max.) as you can. I started out with an 8 gb sdhc and it wasn't the experience that I wanted. I took the micro sd from my phone which was 16 gb put it in the adapter and it worked immediately (there were also experiences that micro sd would not work with T301). It is much faster now.The only keyboard sub I found that will work is A.I. Type keyboard which is free through Amazon Market. As far as the tablet not having Google Market I do not find that a loss except in the sense of apps that I had bought through them. What I really don't miss is the constant almost forced updating I have to undo on my phone on a weekly basis for Google Apps that I don't use.Oh, did I mention movies? It totally rocks. I transferred a couple from my laptop in .avi format and began watching them immediately. Still you have to remember if Flash is a requirement for the purchase of a tablet this is not the one for you (some people have to have flash to access college classes). Also if you are a huge YouTube watcher I have not yet been able to get that to work even with Skyfire (recommended by Cruz).I hope this review offsets the many negative ones that were expecting this to perform like android 2.3 and up. For the price I am more that happy with my experience. Now to get a case and screen protector.Okay, so my opinion on the bettering of the experience when you throw in Google android programming has changed. This is a week to the day after the delivery of my tablet and I love it. I found yesterday the link to add google android market and google apps to my tablet and they all work, and the best thing is I did not have to root my tablet. I am a novice and can not afford to buy another tablet at this point. Anyway, I am now able to access the Android Market. The tablet runs even better after adding the Google software as before I could not get YouTube to download video and play them. Yesterday I watched a 24 minute episode without any problems at all. It still does not have flash, but I have been able to enjoy downloaded movies on it, as well as content through YouTube.