Addendum Dec. 13th 2010...Comments on new IOS operating sys. for IPadThe Big Three improvements:1.) Multitasking...you can't do split screens BUT you can close one operation (or several if you wish), open another and then go back to the original(s) and open it/them to the same page you were working on.  VERY convenient!2.) Folders...great to organize different categories of apps and will allow you to reduce IPad screen clutter of the huge number of apps that most of us will collect over time.3.) Mobile-me. This is now a FREE feature of IPad with the new Operating System...use to be a paid yearly subscription ($99/year). With this you can find your lost IPad on your home PC or Mac, and once Mobile-me is alerted, your IPad will beep in about 15-20 minutes. It will even allow you to REMOTELY WIPE YOUR IPAD MEMORY, so sensitive info can be deleted, if needed!There are several other 'improvements', most of which don't concern me as much as the 3 mentioned above.My original review...Some thoughts after having used my Ipad 64 for about 1 month.Some (but by no mean all) of the things I appreciate:1.) the large, high resolution, touch screen on an extremely thin idevice.2.) the CONVENIENCE...all because of the portability and the ability to connect ANYWHERE to the internet, locally with WiFi or globally with G3. Allowing me to travel and yet do all the things I'd normally do at home. i.e. check e-mail, pay bills and surf.3a.) the Itunes set-up...making it easy with an Itunes account to buy apps, music, videos, books, movies etc.3b.) the Itunes set-up...making it easy to copy, back-up and sync your Ipad with your computer at home...for example, allowing you the make copies of everything you buy from Itunes and even books etc. you may buy from Ibooks or Kindle...this means that if you've finished your book or don't need an App any more, you can delete it from your IPad, but it's still available to you on your computer if you should need to reinstall it again to your IPad.  You can also copy all bookmarks from your pc/mac to the IPad Safari browser as well as e-mail addresses from your computer to your IPad (even if you use a hotmail account).4.) the ease with which I was able to sync my Apple wireless Keyboard via the bluetooth available on the IPad...done in less than 1 minute.5.) the ability to adjust the font size (so you won't even need your reading glasses) and brightness when reading books, ESPECIALLY the option of 'white on black' screen for night-time reading (never realized how comfortable on the eyes this would make reading in a darkened area)6.) Google maps...just incredible with G3 service...Be prepared to say good-bye to your GPS if your IPad has G3.Lost?...Touch the 'current location' button at the top of your Google map App, and you get a satellite map of where you are, with your exact location marked with a red pin.Want directions from point 'A' to point 'B'...just type in your destinations.Want a restaurant, library, hospital etc. in the area your in, just type your request in the 'search' window and you'll find your inquiries marked with red pins on your map.And it gets better...say you asked for restaurants in an area, touching any individual red pin you got in the reply to your search gives you the name, address, phone No. and (if available) e-mail address plus directions to get there from your current location. AND it allows you to save this information (if you want) in your list of contacts, with a simple touch of the screen.7.) Audio...although the built-in speaker is mono, the headphone jack gives exceptional quality stereo sound.8.) About 10 hours of battery time on a full charge.9.) The ability to expand the size of anything your reading by simply spreading apart two fingers while touching the screen.What's missing:1.) no USB Port...maybe not as important as I'd initially thought, what with bluetooth available...may mean some additional purchase for such things as a wireless  mouse, keyboard, printer etc.2.) no multitasking...The one MAJOR shortcoming of the IPad...you can't open a split screen to work on, and as everyone who has used a computer is aware, this is a very useful, time-saving feature. But you know, with all that this unit offers in the way of quality and convenience, I can live with this one deficiency.Conclusion:More useful...more an indispensable part of my life than I'd ever have believed possible.The large screen along with its thin profile makes it the ideal traveling idevice.Because of no multitasking...4 3/4 Stars.Ray NicholsonP.S.1.) I purchased the 64 Gb edition of Ipad because I figured that Apps would fill it quickly...well this may eventually happen, but with nearly 3 screens of Apps, so far I've used less than 2 Gb of space2.) This product may be lower priced at other locales.