I fell in love with this netbook as soon as I opened up the box. If I could, I would give this 4.5 stars. I couldn't give it 5 stars because there were a couple things I didn't really like.First off, it was very quick and easy to setup up, doesn't install many additional software at setup. I love its versatility between being like a laptop and then you flip it and it is a touch screen tablet. You can use the touchscreen in either laptop view or tablet view, which sometimes was hard for me. I have cats, so I would get a hair on the screen, and when I tried to remove it I ended up clicking on something. I would forget then remember, oh yeah I can touch the screen in laptop mode too. It would be nice to disable that sometimes, but I don't know if you can. It would also be nice for a stylus holder on the back of the laptop, kind of like a Nintendo DS.On the desktop, when you first set it up, it only has three icons on it: Recycle Bin, Bookstage, and Cozi Family Calendar. The desktop is very clean and simple when starting. I like that. The ereader, Bookstage, reads e-books in PDF or EPUB format, like a nook.The laptop comes with just a few things in the box: AC adapter and 3 booklets which are: Setup guide, safety environmental & regulatory info and warranty & support info. Would have been nice to have include a screen wipe cloth since I was constantly touching the screen.The notebook has two USB Connectors on the side, which are covered. Also I learned there is a Free Fall sensor that detects if the laptop is in a free fall state and puts the hard drive in a safe state as fast as it can to protect against damage to the read/write head and possible data loss. I didn't want to test it out to see if it really worked though.Some of the things I really liked was it has this ambient light sensor that detects the available environment light and adjust the brightness of the backlight. It has this App called Radiotime which is really neat. You just click on the app and up pops a world and you can spin the world around and click on any tab around the world and listen to the music from there. I was listen to a radio station in L.A. but it also had radio stations in Africa, Europe, and South America to name a few. I also like, when I am in tablet mode, the touchscreen will rotate around so if you turn around the netbook the screen will flip as well. I like that the keyboard is really easy to use and it was a good size for me.I didn't like that there was a double border around the screen. There is the plastic border around it so it can flip and then there is a black border around the screen that goes with the flip. The extra border makes the screen appear smaller than it actually is. I wish the screen went to the very edge. Also, the dell duo stage apps when in touch screen tablet mode is a little slow to start-up. I also didn't like that there is no card reader. It would be easier for me to add my photos with a card reader.I had a hard time getting the touch pad gestures to work for me. I couldn't get it to do the pinch fingers and zoom in gesture at all. But, on the touchscreen the gestures were very easy to operate. I had no problem with using the touchscreen, it came very easy to me.An odd thing I found, was in the touchscreen tablet mode on a browser a keyboard icon will pop up when touching a search bar. But, the icon will not appear when you touch the address bar. So you have to pull the keyboard out that is always hiding on the left side of the screen to type. But, that keyboard is always there for you in tablet mode when you need it. So that is nice.All in all it is a great little netbook. And I love that you can use it as a laptop or you can flip it and use it almost like an ipad. It is fun, and lightweight, easy to transport. I really like it. I would definitely recommend this netbook to anyone. In fact I already have, and now my mom wants to buy one too!