Let me start off by saying that I own a first generation Ipad and I was in love with it until I got this Windows tablet...This is unbelievable! Dont listen to anyone that says Windows 7 isnt optimized for tablets...this Windows tablet is faster than my Ipad. The Internet browser is way faster than anything on Ipad or Android. Remember, that you got an AMD dual core processor in this thing. And the touch experience is waaaaay better on Windows than Ipad or Android....yes, that's right! Don't believe the hype about Ipad or Android.....unless you have hot dogs for fingers, using the touchscreen is like way easy. It's very exact, and faster and more responsive to the touch than Ipad or Android.The onscreen keyboard in Windows is mind blowing, like you can actually type faster on it than you can with the Ipad keyboard or Android. What's cool about this tablet is the physical keyboard they through in....it's really nice, and the keys are easy to type with, but it does take some getting used to. But overall, the keyboard is cake to use. Ipad and Android (Asus) make you pay extra money if you want a keyboard.The browsing experience is incredible, like you dont have to worry about all the restrictions on browsing the Web that you have with Ipad (no Flash) and Android. They only give you a fake internet experience...you get MOBILE versions of websites....but on this Acer Iconia W500, you get the real Internet, just like on your desktop, laptop, or netbook. Android and Ipad are just big blown up versions of the phones they make....they're not computers and they cant give you the Internet iike this device can.Also, Ipads and Androids dont give you all the ports this thing gives you....you got multiple USB ports, full size SD card, and HDMI outport.....none of that can be found on the Ipad, and most Androids won't give you all that.Now, I read some of the professional reviews of this device on line....they're all written by peeps who think a giant phone (Ipad and Android) are worth 400-500 dollars and probably get paid by the same companies...just stick to reading the CUSTOMER reviews of the W500...from real people who actually bought these things and use them. This W500 is both full computer and full tablet....not some big version of a phone that Apple and Android are cheating us on.This thing is like so fast, both in Internet browsing, programs, and multitasking. It opens webpages really fast, and it's not like Android and Apple, where you wait and wait for the full page to load, and then you only get a MOBILE version of the actual webpage...there aint nothing like the real Internet, baby!Do yourself a favor and buy this sucker....you'll impress your friends and family with it because just putting the tablet on the keyboard really wows people, and the screen on this thing is HD, and has higher specs than the Ipad screen or most Android screens.....the price is perferct (480-500) and you get way more bang for your buck.