I'm not an Apple fan by any means of the imagination, but I have to admit that I do own quite a few of their devices.  I learned my lesson to pick and choose what I feel most comfortable using and to not be so stubborn about supporting a company that I dislike.  I should say the only thing I dislike about Apple is their computer operating system.  It's not an operating system for me.  I don't feel comfortable using it and it is definitely much more boring than using a Windows operating system that has a gazillion more software written for it.  I'm a Windows guy, grew up with Windows and dabbled with Linux.  I tried to jump on to Linux band wagon long time ago and attempted to stick to it.  It was after several years that I realized Linux was likely not going ANYWHERE on the consumer side for the foreseeable future.  Linux will always be known as a great server operating system, reliable SAMBA share server, etc, but it will never surpass Windows or OS X.  Even Mac/OS X is popular among the consumers and look what this operating system is built on top of!  That being said, it does me no good to hate Apple just because I feel like it.  I bought their iPad 2 device and have been using it since it's initial launch (I did not buy it the first day of launch online, but definitely 3-4 days afterwards).  This device has been great since I purchased it the first day.  Yes, it does not support FLASH, but I realized this before I decided to buy the iPad.  The screen is sharp, the performance is fast and the screen touch is extremely responsive.  The battery life is really good compared to other devices (e.g. iPhone 4s, iPhone 3Gs).  It is a device for casual usage, you browse, you email, you do stuff for leisure.  I sometimes forget to connect the iPad to the charger over night, but I have not had to charge this device for 2-4 days, depending on how heavy I use it.  It's not like the iPhone where I MUST recharge it each night or else it will DEFINITELY run down the battery to critical level.  Granted, it's the WiFi version so it does not have the techno-complication of having to deal with 3G.  iPad 2 is very stable and robust.  I am definitely the type of person who would take every opportunity to criticize an Apple device, but I have to admit that I have had absolutely no problems using this iPad device.  I have no experience with any other tablet device in the market, but if you are wondering if you should get one or if this is going to be a reliable device, I can definitely say it has been super reliable in all phase it was made for since I received it.  Again, it does NOT support Flash, so be aware of this before you purchase it.  It's light weight, does a LOT of tasks that you can do from a computer and has a whole ton of apps available.  If you want to compare it to a computer, don't try to completely compare it apples to apples (pun intended), because it still isn't as "flexible" as a computer.  My laptop has a built in physical keyboard and mouse, I do not have to purchase a separate keyboard or mouse like I would have to for a iPad (you have to use the virtual keyboard on the iPad).  I can truly multitask on my Windows laptop, on the iPad it's "semi-multitask" at most.  The iPad cannot come close to the laptop's 8GB memory, 750 GB hard drive laptop that can run VMWare, play online multi-player games, store files where-ever I want, in whatever directory I created.  There are SO many things I can do on a laptop that the iPad currently cannot do... so unless you ONLY browse, type a few emails, make a few purchases from Amazon/eBay or other available stores and maybe chat occasionally online... then don't expect this iPad to really replace a laptop or desktop (I'm typing this review via laptop as it faster to do than on an iPad).  One negative about the iPad, but it's not Apple's fault, the Apps that people sell may be written for the iPad only or for iPhone only but sometimes written for both.  This means that if the app was designed specifically for the iPhone and you buy it... then it will not LOOK optimized for the iPad since the screen size on the iPad will make it stretched.  If you purchase the app for the iPad, then it may not even be available for the iPhone (I haven't seen an app for the iPad available for the iPhone).  Often they sell TWO different versions of the same app for both devices, so you have to pay double the amount to use them on your two devices.  Again, this review is about the iPad device, not about how the apps are developed, so overall, the iPad 2 is awesome... highly recommended for a tablet purchase.