Were the Sony engineers just born yesterday or just incompetent or just plain stupid?I'm typing this review on my Motorola Xoom w/ ICS Android 4.0 OS. Why? Because the Sony S tablet will "connect" to the wireless network in my office, but somehow will not have any "data connectivity". What?My Xoom & EVO 4G have no issues 100% of the time. In fact, none of the dozen other laptops I've brought here over the last 16 years have ever had any problems with connection.I think just about everything about the Sony S tablet is inferior to the Motorola Xoom, Asus Transformer, Samsung Galaxy, iPad, and every other tablet out their for around $400.First, the Sony tablet's 9.4" screen is smaller than most of the "10-inch" tablets. I guess they did a double-blinded study and found that most people prefer smaller screens than the iPad. Not.Second, the SD card can only be used to transfer files from the card to the tablet or from the tablet to the SD card. It cannot be used as a "permanent" storage extension like every other tablet in the universe. Really? So these Sony "engineers" really thought this one up? Let's go beyond "different" and right into the retardation realm. Are you kidding me?The Xoom takes about 1 hour to recharge 100%. The Sony takes about only 5 hrs.The Xoom lasts 8 hrs. The Sony's battery lasts 4 hrs.The only great thing about this Sony S tablet is the built-in IR universal remote. It is quite awesome. I love it. It controls every single IR component in my house 100%. Amazing.There are 2 ways to program the remote. One is the "easy" way in which you select the type and brand of your components. Second is the custom way. You can rename most of the buttons. You program using your existing remote. My projectors have both an OFF & ON button, so I program the default POWER button as "OFF" and rename/program another nearby button as "ON". Same with my Denon BD players.Although all 3 of my Denon AVR/AVP have both "On" and "Off" buttons, the "Easy pre-programmed" remote only require a single button for both "On" & "Off". Super cool. Even better than the original AVP-A1HDCI remote!Every single function on my remotes can be programmed. Even my older TV and Toshiba HDDVD. For example, I programmed a button & named it "Door". It opens the door on my Toshiba. Every single function.Now it would be nice if some genius could perhaps design a case that would accommodate this great function. Every tablet case out there covers up the IR blaster. All it takes is a opening on the IR side. Hello? People are so brilliant these days.In conclusion, this Sony S tablet is basically a $400 universal remote with otherwise inferior tablet functionality because the engineers at Sony were either just born yesterday or just incompetent or just plain stupid.EDIT February 29, 2012:I've been using the app Advanced Wi-Fi Lock on the Sony S. The Wi-Fi is now always on even when the tablet screen is off. 100% fix on the Wi-Fi dropout issues. Thank you Android apps. Shame on Sony. I am now using my Sony S all the time. I can also Wi-Fi tether into my EVO 4G anywhere. Battery life still sucks compare to other tablets. But nobody has a better IR Universal Remote function than the Sony S. And this UR app is not available to anyone else. Exclusive to Sony S. The Vizio's & Motorola Xyboard's IR UR sucks so badly. Like they say, the key is the software. Sony is king here with the IR UR app.