I really enjoy my regular Kindle as a format for reading books and to an extent newspapers. And the integration with the Kindle for PC to grab my highlights quickly and drop them into a Word doc is a great way to integrate reading and research into producing output.The weakness of the e-ink kindles is in handling pdf's and web site content. So I was interesting in test driving a Fire to see how much better it is able to cope better with those formats.First off- newspapers. Disappointment there as my Times of London subscription didnt download to the Fire automatically and it wasnt in the bookshelf. Looking into it I see that the Times isnt available for the Fire; and in fact that seems to be the status, at least currently for a number of papers such as the WSJ. I'd imagine this will change in the future but at launch its NYT, USA Today, Post and a much thinner collection than the regular Kindle.I did download the Economist to see how it look on the Fire and the color and clarity of the text is good. It would be a very good magazine reading experience and convenient on the go. However if you can selected highlight text, export it or tweet it like you can on a regular Kindle, I couldnt figure it out. Disappointing, as one of the main things to do with magazines is save of a tidbit of knowledge so you can find it later.For e-books I tried two samples- a Cisco router config guide that was about 600 pages in color, and a scanned version of "A Ride to Khiva" by Fred Burnaby from 1877. There are a large number of interesting books that exist only in scanned form or in such a error filled OCR mobi conversion that reading them on e-ink is a major pain, so being able to read them on the Fire would be a positive boon.The kindle automatically opened the cisco document in the Kindle for Fire app and legibility was excellent including on the drawn images and photos. Navigation is done by sliding the pages across or by the progress slider. Major bummer in that the Kindle app is much less full featured than Kindle for PC- you cant highlight or export sections. Major downside for technical reading.I then downloaded and tried the Adobe Reader app, MobilePDF viewer and the Documents to Go (free) pdf viewer from the Amazon App store. Checking googles android store there appear to be a lot more pdf viewers out there but they are not available for Fire. Going through the cisco pdf was most comfortable on the adobe app, although the markup ability was still limited. Mobilepdf required hitting tiny arrow keys to turn pages- ugh quite a comedown after the paddles on a e-ink kindle. Legibility was good on both. The PDF to Go app required purchasing the full app to open such a large document.On "A Ride to Khiva" it was a mixed bag. The Adobe app posts an "out of memory" message and exits. MobilePDF is unable to render any page content. PDF to Go Free version is unable to do anything but tell you to buy a full version. The Kindle reading app just renders the pages as smears. There is a "read online" version available through archive.org and that did render legibly and was useable through the Silk browser although the paging controls are a pain.The other thing I'd like to use the Fire for is browsing the web when I am out at a cafe and taking notes. Obviously the lack of a bluetooth keyboard is a major bummer there, HOWEVER I notice that in hardware reviews elsewhere (theverge.com)that there actually is a bluetooth chip in the Fire, which lends me sufficient hope that it will be eventually turned on, either officially or unofficially.Last note is that the Fire would be a good gift device for a non-tech savvy relative. The out of the box is as easy as pie and there is no computer required so its perfectly plausible that someone with no wifi could stop by the library or McDonalds, get the download of the daily paper or books you lend them, check their email and be off.I am keeping my Fire although for the things that this review is centered on its a 3-star experience. Since most of my gripes are software based I hope that things will improve to a better experience- at the very least newspaper availability should. If you are reading this in 2012 you may want to check for what pdf apps are now available in the apps store and if keyboard support has now been hacked in.