I recently purchased a new iPad 2 for $829.99. I had such high hopes for this little device. Then was astonished at how it didn't even come close to my medium-low expectations.Here it goes:  The auto rotate is slow and suddenly will rotate when tilted randomly. When you don't have the wall plug-in it will not recharge while plugged into a laptop. The touch pad is either so sensitive or will NOT work At ALL after many attempts. Apple says it has a 10hr battery life - try five hours at best. A data package must be bought to use the Wi-Fi when the advertisement says it can be used right out of the package. You have to buy iTunes comparable packages to use the iPad. Free Apps are NOT all free - there is usually a fee to make them work to the point they are enjoyable. Don't even try to upload ANY of your own music or movies. Apple is sooo proprietary that if you didn't buy the music or movies through iTunes you can't use it on the iPad. And when you try to access the Internet, better-off using your Mac/PC. Moreover, accessing Wikipedia or nearly any other sites that uses videos to enhance the info, entertainment, music you can only watch around 70% of the content. Sure, the Flash is not available for iPad but it should be able to play the other videos. On Aug 5th, I called Mac customer service and the rep even said he could not believe Apple sent out the iPad 2 without some kind of plug-in or app to make the iPad more user friendly with the Internet. Oh, one more, DO NOT set the iPad face down or it will slip off nearly any surface you think is flat. The front surface is so slippery.I don't have the time to list and all negative experiences have been experienced only owning it for three months. However, I must say, the screen is bright and clear. The iPad is light and sturdy. The apps that do work, work VERY well. The processor is extremely FAST! It is not a horrible product. It just needs to mature a little.I have been using Apple/Mac and PC products for more than three decades and could not speak higher of the quality and ease of use of Apple/Mac until now. I'll probably be buying a different brand like a HP Slate 500, LG G-Slate, Viewsonic ViewPad 7, RIM BlackBerry PlayBook - to name a few next time unless I pad 4 is more compatible with reality. Please, for the love of all good things, heed my advice and DO NOT BUY THIS! (At least not yet.) Nearly ANY other pad/tablet at two thirds the price will do much more than the iPad 2.* NOTE * DO NOT BUY THE iPad magnetic Smart Cover. It easily slips off and WILL traumatically send your iPad to an early demise.No, I would not recommend this to a family member or friend at this time. Remember, we are at the very beginning of the pad/tablet generation! Every year as the Internet develops, the tablets will follow. Good luck!