I bought this for work, and really wasn't expecting much, I'm a PC guy but have always kept my tablets to apple products and PC notebooks (using corporate builds that left a lot to be desired).Pros-OneNote is fantastic.  Combined with the tablet's stunningly good handwriting recognition (the default OCR even without training is running 95%+ for me) make this a dream for work.  I can write, draw, edit, etc and either OCR the results or push them to another format as is, which saves me from ever carrying around a paper notebook ever again (which is what I was hoping for but really didn't expect to work, its so nice to have some blow through your expectations in a positive way).-Screen is beautiful, perfect size for productivity work and writing.-Boot time and sleep wake-up are really fast.  This is key to saving battery life, meeting getting long winded?  Put it to sleep.  Someone says something interesting?  I get a 4-5 wakeup, 5 sec pass entry and I'm in and writing.  Great tool.-Performance - I get better performance on this than I do on any corporate build laptop, or even a 2-3 yr old desktop.  I've had an RDC going, running itunes to an external speaker, and flicked between OneNote and Civ5 with no noticeable lag whatsoever.  A solid stand-alone computer.-Weight is very light, feels like I'm carrying a nice paper notebook with the nice cover that comes with.-Ports ~ remember, this is a full on Win7 PC, so you've got USB and HDMI ports to use which is fantastic.Cons- The battery life is short with bluetooth/wifi on - say 2 hrs, 4 if you turn them off.  But that's pretty much what I get off notebooks so I'm fine with it.  I purchased the Energizer XP18000 battery with this and I ran the tablet for 10 hrs (wifi off/on about half the time) which is totally the sweet spot I was looking for on international flights.  I don't blame them for this con btw, just mentioning it to be fair.- 64Gig SSD ~ I must admit, I hate 64G because windows alone takes up 30G.  128 is really the tablet sweet spot I'm looking for but since this only has 64 I bought a WD 1TB external - now I have plenty of room.  ;)Overall - I'm just sad it took me so long to find this!  Although I'm sure waiting got me through the various incompatibility points other reviewers have talked about.  If you want a very efficient work productivity tool that can still play movies/games this is a solid purchase.There's nothing like typing one minute, picking up the screen and writing down some drawings, then putting the screen back and using the included keyboard and a wireless mouse to play a game.Careful though, IPad lovers will be jealous and start stalking you!Update: 6 month markPretty much just over the top 'it keeps getting better' as I learn the nuances of working with the device.-Power: Do not be afraid of 'sleep' mode.  The tablet wakes up in 5 seconds - I've gone all day in a corporate environment one a single charge just using sleep judiciously, and without the slightest work interrupt.  A key reminder is to turn wireless/bluetooth off unless you need them, huge power save.-Charging: charges much faster than a laptop or iDevice ~ I go from zero to full in under half an hour (not a scientific experiment, but practical usage), I have an extra charger in my desk, use it on the train in at 7, can run all over, drop it at lunch at 12, and then still have 50% when I hit the train to go home at 6.-Disk space: I just started experimenting with the SD slot with a 64G SD card.  Just fantastic, hot swappable D drives, love it!  Downside - SD slot usage drains power!  Enough to notice, say take 4 hrs of useful life down to 3.5 so its noticeable but totally worth it.  If you're in a corp env, pop out your SD card, put the filler and and swap when you're back at the hotel.-Hardware: Awesome hardware, I just installed some new gen games and I can flip between a game, itunes, onenote, office, and RDP just seamlessly ~ a very multi-use device that still meets current high end software requirements.-Device size: LOVE the screen real-estate.  Just fantastic, the form factor is the best out there imho.