I am not a geek or even able to compare my HP Touchpad to its competitors; I was ready to buy a tablet and frankly attracted to the price. I paid about $230 for the 16 GB model.  It does what I wanted a tablet to do and does it marvelously. I wanted first a means of reading books easily on my BART commute every morning. Since it links into Kindle, it's perfect for that. I wanted to be able to check email in larger fonts than I can access on my I-phone (since my eyes are getting a bit on the advanced side at this point) and it's fine for that. I was able to connect it both to my office email (microsoft exchange) and my personal email (Google); I like the email interface. it also auto sync's with my office Outlook contracts and calendar (just like my I-phone), and I like that. I can play Pandora and I even added an app, Splashtop, which permits me to remote into my home home computer, but unfortunately not directly into my office computer for some reason. I  just added the Roxio movie app and rented a movie to see how that would work and it works beautifully. There is a charge for rentals and for purchases, but if you consider that you can download the movie for about $3 for a rental for 24 hours, jump on a plane and have a new movie to watch in great definition, I think even that will work fine for me (The sound needs more amplification for movies and works much better if you have a small amp between the earphones.) Netflix would be nice but actually I wouldn't be able to download a movie from Netflix even if it had an app for it, so Roxio is probably good for what I want from a tablet.  I can't see paying the price for buying a movie and then having it just reside permanently on the harddrive, but for movie rentals, it's affordable.  I can use it to edit my office Word docs although I'm not going to do that regularly. What I really like is using the operating system. I love the fact that it automatically adjusts up to the direction that I point the tablet, so that it's always in the proper position to use. It seems plenty fast for what I am asking it to do. I also bought the dock charger, the keyboard and the HP cover. All are important to have in my opinion to increase its useability. I love the instant on/off. For those who remember the HP omnibooks in the 90s you will recall that they were great for the time in large part because of the instant off/on feature. Here we've got that again but in marvelous color and with so much more useability. The shinny screen does probably get more smudges than a dull one would, but I don't find that a big deal, and the smooth back, critized by some of the reviewers, disappears as soon as you use it with the tablet cover that HP markets which has a very nice feel to it. Overall, I think its a great deal- particularly when you consider you can still pick one up for under $250 from a lot of sources. It's going to be really a shame if HP abandons it as I gather may happen.