- Durability: 10/5When I say 10/5 I mean it. 3 days after X-mas, I dropped my brand new iPod 4G on a stone-tile floor (about 3-4 feet up) and it shattered (Apple replaced it free of charge :D), yet I'd still give the iPod 4G a 4.5/5 in durability. I've dropped my iPad 2 on the same floor maybe 2x. It got a tiny dent in the aluminum frame. I have dropped this iPad on wood floors, ceramic tile, stone tile, concrete, asphalt, you name it (yes, grass, too). I do not, nor have I ever, had a case on it. Sure, the edges of the case are dented beyond repair, but the screen and (surprisingly) the back of the frame are scuff-free.BUT!!! However you drop it, DO NOT drop anything on it! My TV remote slipped from my hand less than 1 foot above my screen, and it obliterated the home button, which I now keep in my pocket. I found it extremely ironic :)The screen is impossible to scratch, however. Not gouge, but scratch. Since it's broken, I ordered a new screen. I decided to see how tough the screens are by scratching one with a nail (as in hammer and nail, not finger nail). It could not scratch it. Since I don't remember much of the Mohs Hardness scale, and I lack a diamond, it's somewhere between a 3 and 10 hardness.- Personalization .1/5Apple has too much restricted customer customization of this product. As soon as you get this product, JAILBREAK IT! Jailbreaks are not illegal unless you install illegal sources. If you don't like any aspect of Apple's software designs, from there being a six-icon limit on the dock, to being able to run all your applications in windows or have Siri on the iPad, Jailbreak it. 99.9382% of the time you'll find the tweak you're looking for.- Size 2.3/5Frankly, 2 years ago when I was 13 I was flipping out to get such a big electronic toy. Now I think it's too freaking big. If you want a size that is good for presentations, yet still retaining good mobility, go with an iPad. If you want something you can stick in you're jacket pocket yet still be able to read, get something nearby the size of a Kindle Fire, even though I personally think iPad is 700x better.- Battery Life 5/5...I sometimes sit there and watch the battery drain, because I'm afraid if I open an app it will die (obviously this is at maybe 5-30% battery life). Yet sometimes I've found I can play for 4-5 hours, on a 3D game, no less, from 100% to dead.- Display ...The part we've all been waiting for...Honestly, I'd have to say... 4.6/5I thought the display was absolutely stunning. That is, until I saw the iPad 3. I started seeing minor (MINOR!!!!!!) flaws on edges. This was mostly in a few particular apps designed for both iPhone and iPad, most of the other apps were just fine.If you don't mind not having 3,100,000 pixels, take 786,432 pixels instead. You won't notice a difference, so long as you avoid iPad 3's.- Versatility 5/5I use this for school, homework, games, browsing the web to buy a new screen, FaceTiming with friends, staying up-to-date with friends, you name it. It even makes a good paperweight :)- Overall 4.85/5Very satisfied.