I have owned my Thrive for over half a year, and I wanted to share my thoughts.  If you don't wish to read on, I would summarize by saying that I love the flexible hardware, the size, and the quality of the Thrive.  It took over 10 hours of reading reviews and hard deliberation before I purchased my Thrive, and I've never reconsidered the decision.  At this point I'm thinking of purchasing another so I don't have to keep fighting my wife for use of the tablet.I work at a university, and I do a great deal of reading and note-taking with my tablet beyond the normal day-to-day activities of watching videos, playing games, and browsing the web.Hardware:I don't think there's anything that I would add to the built-in hardware specs.  The screen is bright and beautiful.  The touchscreen is snappy and responsive.  I also love having a 10.1' (diagonal) screen.  Play with some tablets before you buy--I find 7" tablets to be appallingly small at this point.  The screen size and quality make it perfect for watching videos, playing games, or reading ebooks/pdfs.The tablet is a little thick compared to an iPad.  Think a thicker magazine rather than a thinner magazine (still roughly magazine sized, though).  I believe it's slightly heavier than some tablets.  Either way, I haven't had and issue.  When I'm reading, playing games, or watching videos I can hold the tablet for over an hour at a time with little fatigue.The removable backplate is rubberized so it doesn't slip on any surface, and when you pry it off you find a user-replacable battery (awesome!).  If you go on long flights or trips, you can easily have extras around for less than $30 a pop (Toshiba 6-Cell Replacement Li-Ion Battery Pack for 10" Thrive Tablet (PA3884U-1BRR)).  If you're not into that, the battery that came with my tablet still holds at least a day's charge after months of heavy use.  You can also find replacement backplates in a number of different colors if you like to accessorize.I love having full HTMI and USB.  I've hooked the tablet up to my HDTV a number of times for playing games and watching videos.  The HTMI resolution doesn't go to a full 1080p, but the 780p resolution looks really good.  The front and back facing cameras are more than good enough for Skype or for putting things on craigslist.  I wouldn't use them for anything that I was planning on framing, but I've got better cameras when I want to take pictures.  (Ignore the megapixel rating, what you get appears to be significantly less due to relatively low quality optics.)If you want more memory for apps or data, the thrive is easily expandable via SD card.  However, I have barely begun to scratch the upper limit of the memory on mine.  That being said, I don't store a lot of songs or videos on the tablet.  I access most of my media remotely either via youtube or a cloud-based music provider.Software:The port of ICS is beautiful, and works extremely well.  I have no real complaints.  If you're used to Android you should feel right at home.  If you are new to Android (iPad?) you should be able to figure things out pretty quickly.  Ignoring some minor glitches the upgrade to ICS is great).  The pre-bundled apps are hit-or-miss.  Some I use almost daily, others I quickly found replacements for.  Either way theIf you want to upgrade with accessories:If you're looking to upgrade your hardware experience at all, I would recommend starting with the Logitech Tablet Keyboard for Android 3.0+ (920-003390).  You'll get a flip-out tablet stand and a bluetooth keyboard all in one package.  They keyboard works great for me with the old Honeycomb OS and with the new ICS upgrade.  If you want to use your tablet to take notes, I would suggest getting an AmazonBasics Stylus.  I take notes all the time at meetings and the combo works great.I love everything about my Thrive, and after several months of ownership I find new uses for mine every day.  I'd say that when you consider all of the features of the Thrive you're getting about the best deal from any manufacturer.