I have been doing a lot of research around tablets recently, and really wanted something that had a decent keyboard. After using an iPad for a few months, the device is great, but the typing experience was not ideal. I was generating a lot of typing errors, and my typing speed was greatly reduced. I have a Dell mini netbook that I love, but it was starting to get a little slow for common activities like blogging and media viewing.When I saw the Inspiron Duo, I thought it would be the perfect combination of both -- and it is -- with some catches. Here are some specifics:The netbook performance is great, and the dual-core Atom processor was a great boost to my common activities like using Office 2010, running Windows Live apps, web browser, and media playback.The video graphics quality is good, and the gaming perfomance is decent for basic games. I was even able to get World of Warcraft to play on it, although with a low frame-rate and with all of the graphics features set to the lowest possible setting.Battery life is limited, mostly because this isn't a single-use device like an iPad. I was able to get 3-4 hours per charge.The convertable nature of the device makes it great to watch movies when you are in tight spaces, like on an airplane, train, or in bed.I was able to watch a steamed movie off Netflix without any problem, and was impressed with the sound and screen quality while watching the movie.The touch screen is a great feature and has come in handy a couple of times, but I find that I can't get a lot of accuracy, especially around the edges of the screen. When I use a stylys, things helped a lot.When used with the stylus, the screen is great for doing sketches or quick mockups in applications like Microsoft OneNote 2010. It is a great note taking device to carry around with you all the time.The keyboard is small, but I am able to type at about 90% of my normal speed, which is great for a netbook in my opinion.I do mobile application development, and having the touch screen on this was way easier to test our mobile apps than pushing them to my phones -- Something to consider if you do a lot of mobile app development.The hard drive is very roomy -- In fact, it is larger than the laptop on my new Dell XPS!I don't mind having the covers over the USB ports, but having one over the headphones was somewhat awkward, but not a deal-breaker for me.Also, not having HDMI or SD card support is not a big deal to me.Overall, I really like my Duo. It does everything I want it to and is the perfect companion to my main mahcine (a Dell XPS 15"). Having the convertable screen is great for note taking, sketching, and for watching media in tight spaces. The performance is great for a netbook, and I am very happy with my purchase and would recommend it to a friend.