This is a nice sized tablet with good features. It is quite fast, and the screen resolution is acceptable for the size (if not quite on the cutting edge). However one will need to stay near a power source because the battery drains fairly quickly.Pro:Very nice, snappy display. Many people have commented that the resolution is only 800 X 480. This is smaller than similar tablets, and is in fact what many smartphones are using. However, it looks fine to me on a 7 inch screen, and I believe that many games may look better because they were designed for this resolution. I have not used higher resolution, and maybe it would bother some people, but I'm fine with it. But the buyer does need to be aware that this specification is not the "latest and greatest".The dual core processor is rated at 1ghz, but Dell has underclocked it to only 800mhz, probably for battery reasons. However, the device runs very fast and efficiently. I have no complaints about speed or stability.The device includes the Dell Stage, which is a launcher system. I don't particularly like it, but it may appeal to some users. I downloaded LauncherPro from the Android market to replace it, which works really well.The device runs on Android, with access to both the Amazon App store and the Android Market. The latter has options to keep your programs current via automatic updates, which is a great feature.If you want, the device can be bought with 3G service, so it can be used anywhere on the T-Mobile network, as well as WiFi. This is the model I bought, but there is a cheaper WiFi only model as well. T-Mobile also sells discounted versions of the 3G model at about half the price, if one buys a monthly data plan.The screen is capacitive, which means it is responsive to the touch and supports features like pinch-to-zoom. I don't recommend any other kind of screen, because a resistive screen (which responds to pressure) is a painful experience to use on a tablet.The device has 16Gb internal memory, and can support an additional 16 Mb via MicroSd card.Con:OK, there is no getting past it: the battery life is not very good. I personally am using it in the worst of circumstances, which is WiFi. My model is capable of T-Mobile 3G (though I have not activated a service plan); as a result the 3G modem is continually connected - and there is no way to turn it off. Since the battery is sealed, there is no way to swap in a new battery. For my purposes the device goes about 3 hours or so (continuous WiFi use) before asking me to plug it in for more juice. This is not very much time for a tablet. You will need to bring the charge cable along. And it won't charge from a PC; it has to be plugged into a USB port that comes out of a wall plug.The charge cable is proprietary to Dell rather than using a MicroUSB port to charge. This means that you have to drag that extra cable wherever you go to keep it charged up. I suppose they have some other future use planned for that 30 pin cable it uses, but I think it would have been good to do basic power charging and PC data sync via USB, and leave the proprietary cable for whatever else Dell has in mind.The OS is Android "Froyo" 2.2.2, which is actually still a phone operating system. So it is not really a tablet OS. Dell had originally said it was going to upgrade to Android 3.0, called "Gingerbread", but I have noticed that those comments have come down from their website. I'm not sure if it will be upgraded at this point. I have no real problems with Froyo, but if they advertised the upgrade, they should abide by their word. Time will tell.Summary: If you can live with the screen resolution and you plan to stay near a power source, then this is a great device. Recommended.