I received my Archos 43 about a month ago after reading many reviews. If I had just read all the good reviews I would have purchased it immediately. After reading all the bad reviews they made it more difficult to decide as to buy or not. So I had to determine what I was going to use it for, that made the choice a lot easier. It seemed to me that a lot of the people that wrote reviews wanted to use it to build a space craft and the others wanted it for personal entertainment. I fall into this group. The Archos 43 does almost everything that I would like it to do. I'm not building a rocket ship to explore the moon. If you want it for that then save your money and buy a desktop computer. In fact right out of the box it was easy to use. Yes if fact it froze up a couple of times in the three or four weeks I've had it. It just takes a few seconds to power down and restart it just like your desktop. If this is a big deal to you then fool yourself into thinking you can purchase something that won't have this problem. When you find out what that is please let me know. I really like my Archos 43 and yes I reviewed other tablets. For the money and what the Archos 43 does compared to other tablets in it's price range this made it a no brainer for me. Check the Archos Fan Forum and you will get a lot more information to help you decide if this is for you or not. I love my little tablet and yes it would be nice to have a bigger one but I had to give up something to be able to carry it in my pocket. I have never wrote a review before but after reading all the reviews I felt this would be a good time to do so. I hope this helps you decide if the Archos 43 is for you. I'm going to give my Archos a ten star rateing.Update 2/25/2012It's been a couple of weeks since I wrote my review on the Archos 43. Since then I've had a Low on System Space warning which was a easy fix all you have to do is move a few apps from the System storage to the Internal storage or the Card storage if you have a card. That pretty much takes care of the problem and frees up some space and the Low on Space Warning goes away. I've also purchased a Holux M-1000C Sport Gps Receiver and purchased Sygic USA from the Android Market Store. The Archos43 now works perfectly as a GPS. Sygic uses the same maps as the TomTom and works just about the same way as the TomTom does. I have compared the two while driving and they show about the same views. I wanted to update this review so other people who have or are about to purchase the Archos 43 will know that the Gps will work on their Archos 43. The Holux M-1000C had great reviews and works great with Sygic. I wanted to do this update because some peoplle said the GPS wouldn't work and others said it wasn't compatable with the Archos 43. I couldn't find any recent updates on the subject but we have one now.Update 1-6-2013I have now had my Archos 43 for over a year and it is still going strong. I would like to see Archos make a second generation with a front facing camera for Skype and a built in Gps and some kind of app killer that would keep the apps turned off until you wanted to access them. I still love my Archos43 and would give it a ten star rating.