Let me dispel some common misconceptions about the Viewsonic gTablet.Misconception # 1: The screen viewing angle is horrible.  I can tell you that the screen is similar to a laptop screen so if you were to lay it flat and try and view it yes it is an issue.  However, if you are like most people who hold your tablet in your hands the viewing angle is pretty good.  I have had my gTab about two weeks and use it daily and I really don't notice any problems viewing the screen.Misconception # 2:  The gTab is useless out of the box and you have to root it in order to enjoy it.  Nothing could be further from the truth.  I have not rooted my gTab.  Most of the gTabs are now shipping with the latest version of Android 2.2 which includes Viewsonic's Tap n Tap 1.2 interface.  The update includes full Flash support.  I haven't found a website yet where Flash didn't work.  The user has a choice between the standard Android interface or Viewsonic's Tap n Tap interface.  After using it for a while I actually like the Tap n Tap interface because it has handy information right there at my finger tips like the news and weather.  If you get a gTab with the old OS an update is simple to perform.  Press the Apps icon from the Android launcher screen and select Updates, or press More in Tap n Tap and select Updates.  No complicated software modifications are needed as some other reviews have indicated.  Again, when updated to the latest Viewsonic OS the gTab is fast and supports Flash.Misconception # 3:  You do not have access to the Android Market so you will have difficulties getting Apps.  While the gTab does not have access to the Android Market, unlike the iPad which forces you to buy from Apple, the gTab can access countless Android App sites including Amazon's Android App Store which has thousands of Apps.  Amazon even offers a free App of the Day.  Other reviewers have said this tablet will not run many Apps because the OS is outdated.  I haven't found an App yet that didn't work, including Angry Birds which comes pre-installed on tablets with the latest OS.  I haven't tried Netflix because it has only been officially released for select Android phones but, I have several popular eBook readers installed including the Kindle App.Misconception # 4:  The gTab is hobbled and slow.  I beg to differ.  I haven't had a single problem with Wi-Fi and the capacitive touch screen is very responsive, even with an XtremGUARD screen protector.  The gTab is as fast as any tablet on the market, including the iPad.  In fact, in Quadrant speed tests the gTab actually outperformed the Motorola Xoom at half the price.The Viewsonic is fast and is very responsive.  It is priced right and for another $50 to $60 you can add a two or three year SquareTrade Warranty with Accidental Damage protection to your Amazon purchase.  You don't have to be some Android hacker to enjoy the gTablet.  However, you have to have common sense enough to visit Viewsonic's gTablet website where it explains how to perform the OS update and also has links to other useful software.  After installing the OS update, this is a tablet you will truly enjoy.