The Le Pan TC970 is an excellent Android tablet, I am honestly thrilled with it. It's extremely responsive, never once did I have an issue with it slowing down no matter how many other things were going on. I'm thoroughly enjoying the TC970, and I think you will as well.Aesthetically the TC970 is very pleasing and stylish looking, it's also thin and lightweight. The build quality is excellent, it's a solidly made tablet on par with those much more expensive.I've had the pleasure of testing both the Motorola Xoom and the Samsung Galaxy Tab, and I have to say I like the Le Pan TC970 much better overall. The TC970 doesn't have a Tegra in it but from what I've seen it doesn't need it, it's more than capable a handling anything you can throw at it in terms of apps, games or videos or anything else. I was truly surprised that the 1Ghz CPU could handle everything I threw at it.The most surprising or actually amazing thing is the battery life, no joke here I got over eight hours use while doing a mixture of playing games and browsing the web. I even left I on just sitting and overnight and still had battery left to use it.The TC970 isn't without its problems though, but they're small and not deal breakers. I don't care for the Apple-like USB connection at all, I would have rather seen a standard micro-USB or even mini-USB connector.  The screen is very glossy causing reflections in the correct light and after a few hours of use you'll find the accumulated fingerprints very annoying.The built-in memory is rather small, yes you can put a larger microSD card in it but I would also like to see more built-in memory.The build quality is excellent, but the back is rather slippery honestly, I would have liked it to be more rubberized of textured for a better grip.The other small issue the limited video support, it can't play basic WMV or Divx files.Yes it's running Android 2.2, some people might think that's old and ask why not Gingerbread or Honeycomb. I thought the same thing so I asked them and they told me to expect an update last quarter of 2011 with Ice Cream Sandwich, they told me they decided to skip Gingerbread and Honeycomb and wait until the next major Android release.The camera shows things mirrored or backwards, a major update is supposed to be released any day now to fix it. I got no real explanation as to why the camera was that way in the first place though.The pros and cons are listed below and it might look like a lot of cons but they're small, and not exactly bad things really.Lastly I should mention the price, it's very low for a tablet of this caliber and quality. It's nice to see something this nice at a low price.Pros:+Amazing battery life+Very responsive touch screen+Does work in bright light+Fast and responsive overall+Low price compared to other tablets+Simple to use+Excellent design and construction+Aesthetically pleasing+Viewing from most any angleCons:-Proprietary connector-Screen attracts fingerprints-Glossy screen-Small built-in memory-Back is rather slippery-Can't use in direct sunlight-Limited video formats-Camera is backwards