I have had 24 hours to play with and customize this computer.  So far it is meeting my expectations. My last computer died on Thursday.  It had a swivel screen that you could write on with a pen.  It was a good computer but finally ghosted.  After it died on Thursday I started thinking about getting a new one.  My requirements were:1. Small2. Runs Microsoft office3. Monitor out connection.4. Swivel screen5. windows 76. decent battery time.7. decent internet8. email9. Not to expensive10. Physical keyboardIronically, I was talking to my wife Thursday night (she was across the country)and telling her about my computer.  I had turned on the t.v (something I rarely do) and QVC was on.  They were advertising an earlier version of this computer for about $80 more than Amazon was asking for this computer.  I did a quick search of the QVC site, then and internet search and wound up here.  When I saw that they had a more updated version but cheaper it seemed like fate.  I could not find any reviews of this version of the computer, but the previous had plenty of reviews that were mostly positive.  since the two computers are basically the same, I decided to take the leap and am happy so far.1.  The reviews for the computer said that to get the full potential from this computer you would need to add a gig of memory and upgrade windows 7.  I played around with the computer for a couple of hours before getting the upgrades.  Definitely a noticeable difference and worth it.  The memory cost about $35 and the windows 7 upgrade was $70. Altogether it cost about$540 to get this computer up to its optimal configuration.  The only reason I did not give the computer 5 stars is because I would rather them to have put a higher price tag on the computer and send it out with 2 gigs of memory and the windows upgrade then to have to go out and waste time doing it myself.Pros:  Meets my needs.  I can type, surf the internet, take notes, read a book, use the keyboard or touchscreen.  The computer works well, is relatively cheap, and seems to be sturdy. Is responsive and the hardware requirements are up to snuff for my needs.  The touchscreen is more responsive than I thought it would be.  You have pinch to zoom capability on both the touch screen and the mouse pad.Cons:1. Needs work to get up to optimal ability.2. The keyboard is small and takes some getting use to.  The page up key is right next to the shift key.  I hit it better than 1/2 the time when I go to capitalize a letter and the cursor winds up in the line above it.  It is annoying but I am sure I will get use to it.  Also the cursor sometimes seems to have a mind of its own and I will be typing in one spot and the next thing I know I am typing somewhere else on the page.Note:  The computer would not read the extra gig of memory I put in until after Windows 7 was installed.  Just something to keep in mind.These are my first impressions.  I will post an update in a week or two after I have had a chance to use more feature and put some serious time on the computer.Overall, right now if your needs are similar to mine, I have no problem recommending this computer.