When the eLocity A7+ arrived at limited retailers in December I purchased it (from a shopping channel, the only one that had it) after watching numerous presentations and internet research.  At that time it was, I thought a great deal at $189.  I have joyfully used the device daily without problems until around the end of January.  The tablet began to act weird.  The touchscreen would not function at times.  When it did function the screen would jump to some place I did not click to.  Sometimes nothing would happen at all.  I had until January 31, 2012 to return it to the channel for a full refund (due to Holiday extended returns) but i figured oh well it's an electronic device, sometimes they get a little bit of an attitude so I'll just reboot.  I did and all was well until three days ago (February 22, 2012). I did not have to update the device as it was already updated to the latest software/firmware from the manufacturer... as I checked the last 5 digits (00018) of the device number per the elocity website.The device will not fully load any web pages.  Not one.  The other portions of the tablet seem to work fine but the internet connection sucks.  I have a very good WiFi connection here in NYC so that is not the issue.  There are two Mac's and a PC in the house that uses the wireless internet without a problem.  In addition I have used the tablet via WiFi with no one else being connected to it so that answers that question.  This thing is only two months old as I received it on December 23, 2011 and opened it the same day, used the battery to drainage as instructed, recharged it and wrapped it up to use fully on Christmas day.  I've researched the net and some people are having problems with this device.  Most people are speaking on problems with using the micro sd card when installed.  I haven't had that problem.  I listen to music, word/speech and read my documents via the micro sd card.I purchased an extended warranty from the shopping channel and called them today.  Customer Service stated that because it is still under the manufacturers one year warranty to call eLocity's customer service and tell them of the situation.  That way my ShopNBC warranty is unused.  I will do that ASAP.  I am quite disappointed.  I could have purchased an iPod for $199!  Although it may not have all the other features that a tablet has, I would have had a portable online device small enough for me to travel with without feeling uncomfortable... which this 7" eLocity does not afford me... I'm on buses and trains daily and this device is a bit large for my traveling purposes.I don't mind updating to this post after speaking with eLocity customer service and resolving this issue.Thank you.UPDATE 2/28/12:  Called eLocity today, spoke to customer service tech support. She walked me through the process of going to settings, putting a check-mark next to 'Load Images' going back to 'home' went to a web page and ALL IS WELL! I am back in full use of internet functions.  I was so ecstatic when it was working the techie had to laugh.  I told her I would come back to my peeps in Amazon and let you guys know my tablet is working fine again.  I must have accidentally touched the load images area and removed the check mark.  The touch screen is very sensitive.  I'm very happy that all is well with my A7+. Still learning how to use it so it's great to have eLocity customer service to help out.  The entire process took under 10 minutes.  THANKS ELOCITY TECH SUPPORT!!!And thanks Amazon for allowing me to update this review! :)