WARNING:"Does not support Adobe Flash video". No kidding that's what the box says. Before I purchased I came across several reviews that stated this but was surprised to actually see it on the box. Thankfully after a little research and a call to Coby cs I was able to find the Adobe flash apk file and download it to the tablet. Now I'm streaming Adobe Flash 10.3 videos with no problems. This tablet has met all my expectations and with a little more research I was able to download and install the android market without rooting (found it on youtube). I've downloaded at least 20 apps and so far so good. I've only come across a few that were not compatible with this device. Without flash and the market I would of liked this tablet but now I love it. I rate this tablet 4.5 stars, had to take half a star off for the battery life but when set to 50% brightness I can get about 4-5 hours of wifi. Camera and video work fine it's only .3 mp so I don't expect too much. I've had it about 2 weeks and used the reset button once. That's nothing compared to my old nextbook tablet. I can only hope I don't run into the same problems others have after my 30 day period. For the price I don't think the other tablets can compete with it's capacitive screen(a must) and sturdy design.update 11/4/11: I recently found out that I can use my wireless mouse with it. I plugged in the nano transceiver into the mini usb converter and it worked. I've also noticed that this tablet wakes up & flashes on frequently from the standby mode. I don't know if it's because of an app that's trying to update or a defect in the tablet. I've learned to do a full shut down when I won't be using it within 30 minutes.2/10/12: I've upgraded my review to 5 stars, this device has exceded my expectations. I've used it everyday since I got it and 90% of the time it has worked flawlessly. I suspect that the problems some people may have had with other models may be due to insufficient processing speed and memory. Stick with the models that offer 1 gig processors and 512 mb of memory or more plus a capacitive screen doesn't hurt. I've noticed some of the stock apps are constantly running in the background even though I haven't started them and using the task killer doesn't prevent them from starting right back up. Only rooting the device would disable or remove the unwanted apps. I'm quite disappointed with the appslib and getjar markets. The Amazon market is good but Coby definitely needs to work out what's stopping them from offering the Android Market on their tablets. A tablet is only as good as the market it offers. We shouldn't have to jump thru hoops and possibly void the warranty to make this a great tablet.I forgot to mention that I installed an 8 gig micro sd card the day I got it and it's definitely needed to download lots of apps or media. Only 260 mb of the 4 gigs it comes with can be used to download apps (at least that's what my device says when I check the internal storage).UPDATE 11/25/12: On 11/19/12 I thought my tablet was kaput. I turned it on to find it would not boot past the coby logo and the power button was non-responsive. I pressed the reset button on the back of the unit and that restarted the device but sadly it continued to be stuck on the coby logo. I waited more than 3 hrs for the battery to die and recharged it to see if that would help...it didn'tI found out I can do a factory reset by pressing and holding the power and back silver button simultaneously. My problem? Once it boots to the coby logo screen all buttons are non-responsive so I pressed the reset and kept my fingers on both the power and back button and waited for it to boot up...A-HA! I got a animated screen that showed an arrow coming out of a bag then a green android guy with a caution sign...here's the fix:1. Press reset on the back of the unit.2. Immediately press and hold the back button (only) until the unit boots into recovery mode.3. Now you'll see several options, you want to use the menu button on the top of unit to move to factory reset, now use the back silver button to select it.Viola!!! I may have lost everything that was not backed up on the SD card, but at least I have a working tablet again. I have a feeling the android market and the over 50 apps and games I had downloaded may have had something to do with it's malfunction. Needless to say I will not be re-installing Google play. I found some of the apps that I use most can be found by installing the Amazon app store. My fav's are Go Launcher EX, Dolphin Browser, Thumb Keyboard, and Colornote. HTH