Bought this tablet from AMazon almost 2 yrs ago . At the time it was top dog in the 7inch tablet world,dual core, flash video,usb, and 32 gig mem. card. Well as every one know new redentions of tablets come up every full moon and this one was left for dead. But here it is rising from the dead. Way lots cheaper now than then. I paid over $300 AT THE TIME and thought it was a "steal"...lol. Any way I still have it and since have bought another larger tablet.But i have to say this little wonder is still my favorite. All my apps I bought from Amazon are always updated free and all still work as they did from day one. This tablet can be rooted to newer versions of android if your tech savy enough and have nerve enough to risk it. I never rooted mine because i did'nt want a $300 brick if i messed up. this tablet browses the webb faster than my new tablet even though it has half the ram and a slower processor than my new tablet.. how I don't know, it just works quicker. One of its great pro's is its size..Once you get used to how to use the fau pinch and zoom you can read text quite well. Another thing for its size you get the full webb not the mobile version some small tablets and phones use. I can carry this in my suit pocket and several jackets i wear so that also is a consideration. I have bought a bluetooth stereo speakers to use with this tablets and it sounds great with them.  That brings me to the 3 major conns with this tablet.#1 con is its battery life..I did as was instructed and wore the battery completly down from the 1st usage then fully charged it, but it has never been able to go longer than 3 hrs of relatively light use. A little more than 2 hrs with full charge viewing video or playing games.Even if you turn off wifi, dump all running apps. turn off bluetooth you still only get 2 hrs of video, or games. #2 audio speakers suck big time. The sound chip is great with ear phones and bluetooth speakers but you will need some kind of head set or speakers.#3 Stream tv the maker of this tablet made no arrange ment for any accessories what so ever for this tablet. No cover, no screen protectors, no cases are made for this tablet what so ever. I have found a cover made for a kindle that works fairly well as a case. In conclusion, With the price point at which its selling now this still is a great tablet..a Little over a $100. Get bluetooth speakers. a universal stand and it all works well...Even with good "ole" android froyo.. I hope you find this a little helpfull..  Btw I did buy an extra wall charger, and mobile charger for this tablet here at Amazon. Just check out the input volts and amps and match up the barrels. The mobile charger was actualy made for netbook but met the same specks i needed and it works well. The wall charger is the only after market item i found that was actualy made for this tablet and it works very well. The wall charger that comes with it does have a nice long cord.