I purchased this tablet 2 months ago and have been using it on a daily basis since then.  It's not a laptop replacement, but by using this, I have decreased the amount of time I spend in front of the laptop by a couple hours a day.One should view these tablets as a place to gather information.  It's great for downloading and reading emails, viewing webpages, checking stocks, reading news and .pdf files, looking at photos/videos, reading Facebook.  It's good for some basic games like Angry Birds.  It's light, portable and very quick.  For me to wake up and check the stock page, top news, and read emails, this has been very convenient.  I can do this with one hand while brushing my teeth with the other.It's also really good for watching movies.  On a 6 hour flight to Hawaii, my 4 year old son was occupied the entire flight - and I had plenty of battery to spare.  It beats our portable DVD player hands down.  When we got to our condo in Maui, we plugged the HDMI port into the TV and watched movies in full HD.  I also bought a $10 cheap, portable USB keyboard and plugged it into the USB port, at it did okay to send emails.  You can also hook up a card reader to the USB port and look at photos you've taken.It's not a full laptop/computer replacement, because it's not practical to write emails by punching it out on the keypad.  You can get 10-15 words in, but then you go batty pecking away at the keys.  Filling out forms on the internet will be similarly difficult, much less working with a spread sheet.  It's a little slow when it comes some bigger applications, but then again it wasn't really designed for that.My is currently synced up with my work's Microsoft Exchange server (just a note, it comes with Android 3.0 - you have to wait a day or so until it updates to 3.1 before you can hook it up to the exchange server), Yahoo!Mail, and GMail.  It's also connected to Facebook.  It's all been pretty seemless and has worked really well.On our trip to Hawaii, I was able to leave my 6 pound laptop at home and just bring this along, which was a huge weight savings if you count the charger for the laptop.  I really didn't miss the laptop all that much, I was able to get everything I needed to do on the Iconia.Recommendations- Get a good case for it- Get a stylus - it works really well- Get a USB Keyboard - yeah bluetooth is cool but realisticly, you're not going to move more than 12" from it any any time so a USB wired keyboard will work every bit as good for a lot less.- Wait for it to update to Android 3.1 (usually withing 24 hours)Dislikes- It's probably the heaviest of the Andriod tablets- As of 9/26/11 Netflix is still not available for itIf you look at all my reviews I give very few 5 stars.  This tablet definately deserves all 5.