I got the Touchpad last year when HP was dumping them cheaply.The GoodI like the user interface - HP OS is easy to figure out and use, and I like being able to close applications by sliding them off the screen (and I admit, I like the "schwoop" sound it makes).  Switching between different apps is easy.I've had no problems opening Word documents and .PDF files from email and on Web pages thus far.I like the built-in mail app, and the browser is good enough for the type of browsing that I tend to do (nothing fancy, a lot of Wikipedia articles, IMDB, etc.)The display is lovely - clear and sharp, and the colors are really rich.Great size.  It's not as thin or as light as other tablets, but to me it's got a nice, solid feel to it.  I don't worry about tossing it in my backpack and having it break.  Plus, when the thing dies completely, it will make a nice, solid paperweight.  :)The BadThe camera is sort of sucky, especially if you're looking to take a picture of something besides yourself thanks to the front facing camera.  The few pictures I did take with it were not very high quality - but since I primarily use my iPhone to take pictures, it's not a big issue for me.It's fairly slow to boot up, and if you let the battery run all the way down, just plug it in and forget about it for a while, because it will have to charge up for at least 15 minutes before I can use it again.  Even my laptop doesn't take that long if the battery discharges completely.Lack of applications - I guess I'm spoiled with my iPhone, where there are applications for everything, and more coming out all the time.  Since HP dumped the Touchpads from their lineup this isn't a surprise, but it's still a disappointment.  I would probably use it more with more apps.Last year when I got it, the battery would last for close to a week; granted, a lot of that was standby time, but still, really impressive.  Now it's down to 3 days.  That's still pretty good, but it makes me wonder about the longer term.  I haven't really used it much  the last few months, so it's spent a lot of time not being charged up - that may have something to do with it.My boyfriend had to get one of those charging stations where you just set the device on the station to charge it because the port in his became unusable.  He has used his Touchpad a lot more than I've used mine so has plugged/unplugged it a lot, so I wasn't surprised... but I've noticed the last couple of times that I've charged mine that I had to wiggle the charger around in the port a bit to get it to start charging.  This does not bode well.The UglyThe biggest issue I've faced with the Touchpad was frequent unresponsiveness.  This only seemed to affect two things - the keyboard and tapping on links in the browser - closing or launching an application never seemed to experience the same problem.  Of course, these are the two things I do most on the tablet, so it was a huge issue for me.  It would sometimes take several taps of a key or a link to get a response; if there was a physical keyboard, I'd be mashing down the keys!  This was extremely frustrating, and the main reason that the device has seen light use for most of the year since I got it.  I was seriously starting to think about jumping on the iPad bandwagon because of this (and the apps issue, too, but that was secondary).The ResolutionI resolved my two biggest complaints - the lack of apps and especially the lack of responsiveness in one fell swoop by installing Android on the device.  I have now installed on the Touchpad most of the apps I use most on my iPhone - well, the free apps at least, because I don't want to have to pay for them twice - and they all run fairly well, although some of them were clearly made for smaller smartphone displays, but this is something I can live with.And oh.... browsing the Web and using the keyboard are so much better now; the browser I'm using right now has crashed on me a couple of times - but there are several different browsers out there than I can try.  I can even type pretty well using two hands - not something I'd ever thought I could do on a glass screen, but the keyboard is now so responsive that I can type almost as quickly and as accurately as I can on a normal keyboard.I'll be honest... I didn't actually install Android on the Touchpad - my boyfriend did.  It did take him a couple of tries to initiate it, but once it got going, the installation went a lot faster than I thought it would.  I had no problems figuring out how to use the thing and download apps, and if I'm really nostalgic for HP OS, it is dual boot so I can take a visit back to Non-responseland whenever I want.I'm using the Touchpad a lot more now and am much happier with it.  The iPad jealousy that had reared it's ugly little head has subsided.  I'm still thinking about getting either an external keyboard or maybe even a netbook for taking notes in class, but that has to do more with wanting to type on a regular keyboard than the responsiveness of the Touchpad.Anyway, if any unsatisified Touchpad owners read this, please consider putting Android on it; it might save your relationship with it :)