I vacillated about buying a tablet for several months, as I had to first justify its usage to myself. Thereafter, I checked out several products and zeroed in on the Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus, which I bought off Amazon a couple of months ago for $349 and am very happy with my decision. The Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus is fast and although the display is not Amoled, it is pretty sharp - enough for most practical purposes. It is expandable too, which is a big plus for me, so decided on the 16gb model instead of the 32gb one, as expanding space is not an issue. As I write this, I have packed my Tab with e-books, apps, music, movies/TV shows too (on my 32gb microSD card in the handy external microSD slot) and even video-Skype regularly; and it shows no sign of slowing down - kudos to Samsung's proprietary dual-core processor in it!Now, the reasons why I chose the Galaxy, why a 7" format and also, why a Wifi-only model -Why Samsung?: Their user interface on the native Android platform is the slickest and most intuitive in the market (I have reviewed the competition too). The build quality is also top-notch and feels solid too, without being heavy. As I already own and have used a Galaxy smartphone since end-2010, which I am happy with, I was confident the Tab would be as good or better. Samsung also pack the 7.0 Plus with all the necessary inbuilt software to play/run just about anything you throw at it...comfortably played MKV, AVI files and Flash content without batting an eyelid, quickly opened Office files and PDFs, etc. - all without having to download any app to do so!Why 7"?: All larger screen tablets, including the mid-size Galaxy 8.9" through to the Galaxy 10.1" and the new iPad, feel heavy and large to hold after extended usage - particularly when reading books (I demo'd a few larger tablets) and eventually you will need to use both hands to hold it. In my opinion, the 7" format is just ergonomically right and can be easily held in one hand, for literally hours, without feeling fatigued...almost like holding a real paper book!Why Wifi-only?: As previously mentioned, I also own a Samsung Galaxy S smartphone, which has tethering with 3G, and it is always with me. So, a Wifi-only tablet (rather than a Wifi+3G one) that connects to the internet through my smartphone on demand, more than suits my purpose - I can be connected to the internet whilst indoors and on the move too. This combination also does away with having another mobile data connection to pay for!I initially had my heart set on the Galaxy 7.7" with the SuperAmoled Plus screen, but it was not available at the time of my purchase and also, the 7.7" was indicated at almost twice the price! As technology progresses, prices are bound to drop. However, at the moment, I still see no other tablet in this form factor and product quality, which gives you better value for money than the Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus. So, if you have the $350 ready to spend on a neat and powerful tablet, look no further :-)Remember to pick up a 32gb or 64gb microSD card for those large video/audio files, a screen protector and finally, a leather case...to complete the set.Firmware is still at Honeycomb 3.2 but I hear there may be an Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0 update available soon...Samsung will advise over the air.PS: After seeing my 7.0 Plus Tab, my wife also bought one for herself - though her application is more for work use. She, therefore, bought the Wifi+3G version, as her work phone is a Blackberry and has no tethering! Interestingly, she picked up a handy Samsung accessory with it - a USB adaptor which allows her to connect to a portable HD, pen-drive, etc.