Several months ago when I first saw a Toshiba Thrive being displayed at CES, I knew I wanted it. I have to admit that I was sold on several aspects of the Thrive, that as of today are not unique to this tablet. To be upfront right in the beginning there are a few other Android tablets out now that compare quite competitively with the Thrive and offer some of the same features that makes the Thrive desirable. I have had my Thrive for about a week.Why should you consider the Thrive?-The price is cheaper than most Android tablets on the market now. Cheap enough that the Xoom has recently reduced in price by $100 to compete.-The Thrive is not tied to a carrier. Note that neither are the Asus and Acer tablets.-This tablet has ports. Full sized HDMI, USB 2.0, mini USB, and SD card, and of course headphone. It also has a port for Toshiba's docking stations which can be found by searching here on Amazon.-Some might not like that Toshiba has taken a different approach to aesthetics, pulling away from the apple look but some will. The back cover on the Thrive is grippy and comfortable. I never feel like I am going to drop this tablet.-Removable battery. And the back case is not as hard to remove as some reviewers have suggested. I have never had a problem removing it.What are the negative elements to the Thrive?-The biggest one, that has not been mentioned as much as it should is that currently there are a few bugs that Toshiba has not caught before shipping. Many people are experiencing a problem where the Thrive when gone into sleep mode, freezes, requiring a reset. This could be a big distraction, but I don't think anybody would argue that a patch will be released to fix this problem, hopefully soon.-The extra ports that make the Thrive so handy, also slightly add to the overall weight of the product. I am a fairly big guy, so this doesn't bother me, in fact I like it somewhat. But in reality, most people would not care for this. I need to say that the Thrive is actually lighter than my iPad with it's case on. I might not get a case for the Thrive because of the grippy back cover, which I have not mentioned yet is replaceable.-Android 3.1 is not yet as functional as the 2.x phone OS. This is not a Thrive problem, this will be the same for the Transformer, Xoom(3.2 coming soon) and others. When Toshiba updates to 3.2 there things will be smoother in many areas.-The power button and volume rocker is in a bad position with buttons that are hard to find. Google it, many people hate this.Neutral elements-The Thrive uses a very Toshiba like charger. It is not USB, and is attached to a small power brick. A typical laptop charger. This is not a negative thing though, since I have noticed that the device charges in 2 hours.-Camera front and back, no flash.-Screen is plastic, no gorilla glass. But very very durable. There are videos on the internet that show people trying to scratch the screen. If you are questioning the screen, Google these videos.If you get it.. Have fun plugging in your SD cards, keyboard and USB mouse. And thanks for letting me review this. I am obviously not a very proficient reviewer, and decided to try a crack at my first.