Hey All,First, this tablet is fine as a general internet access, reader, and simple office services device.  What it is not is a media entertainment device, a full service pc or a phone.Me?, I'm a simple network and information systems engineer.  What got me here is a lark.  The bride, an avid reader needed a Christmas present, when I had suggested a reader, it got shot-down, so I looked around for alternatives.  However, when it came to it, it was clear that the most cost effective solution was going to be a reader; however, it had to have multiple uses, be in color, an internet portal, easy to use and cheap.Well, the closer Christmas came the less choices there were.  The issue was my criteria could only be met by a $200+ device.  That is until I found the Cruz reader for a mere $120.  It offered reader capabilities, color, internet web access and could double as a mp3 player.  That there was a domestic web presence for  acessories and support was the clincher.  My wife was hesitant at first; however, within 2 hours she was very comfortable with the operation and reader functions.  Within 4 hours she was downloading music and jamming to her favorite tunes.  After 6 months she was still elated.  All this from a textile CNC specialist--Textile/Window Treatment Artistian who up to 6 months earlier could not load anti-virus software on her laptop.So, here I was with a dying laptop (Dell B-130) and a birthday.  Knowing my background my wife realized I would not be happy with a resistive screen.  When she went looking, she first looked over the Cruz T-103; but, they were no longer available or the vendor would not allow returns.  Luckily, she found a brick and mortor offering a Cruz T-301 at no more then 5% more then the best mail order price.  Well, knowing the price at the time being above $200, and older cheaper models no longer being available I was not expecting what was in the gift bag the morning of my birthday.So what can I tell you now two weeks later, well one this is as close to a notebook computer running linux as you can get.  For a young person with simple internet gaming or social networking needs, this device is perfect.  At the sametime, for an executive or sales person needing to keep in touch, creating, editing and reading Office compatible documents and spreadsheets this is a great tool.Though not a phone, this device can connect to most Wi-Fi devices effortlessly.  Through this connection it is possible to access most any app necessary to perform most services you buy a laptop for at 1/10-1/100th the cost of an equivalent Microsoft or McIntosh product.There are a few cons, mainly limited to a lack of flash video viewing, and what appears to be a non-stereo or mono earphone jack.  (You can plug in a stereo earphone; but, will only hear the right channel.)  Though Amazon offers many android apps, due to the internal ram being limited to 256Mb versus 512Mb some apps for android 2.2 will down load; but, not install.  Slowly the Amazon apps store is adjusting the apps made available that will be compatible with your tablet.  Though not an issue for me, the lack of a microphone and web-camera for a "Skype" equivalent voice  or video capability may be an issue.  Also, I have not tested it; but, a compatible usb keyboard or keyboard lap-docking system would be a welcome addition.After acting as  a sysadmn for Unix System V, Linux in all of it's various flavors, Xenix/SCO, BSD, as well as supervisor for Novell and administrator for Windows Servers starting with the pre NT version, I can share not having root access is a bit frustrating; however, this also provides a sense of security, to put  it simple it is unlikely you can hurt it.  (Though you might want to keep a reset paper clip handy incase of a lockup when adding apps.)This is not a toy or a through away, nor is it a serious pc.  What it is, is a nice simple tool to access web services, read electronic books, listen to a little music, play a few games and write or read Office documents or roughly acts as a simple laptop you can nearly carry in your pocket.  Not bad for half the cost of a Notebook or cheap Laptop.Cheers!Dave Cooke