I've owned my Nexus for almost a year now. And even though I loved it the day I received it I wanted to wait before reviewing it so the 'new tablet smell' had worn off. As a comparison we also have a Kindle Fire HD and a Ipad 2 in our household. And while I'd prefer not to I don't think I can write a proper review without a little comparison to the other two.There are two major reasons I went with the Nexus instead of the Kindle or Ipad, price and Android. At the $200 mark the Nexus offers a lot of bang for the buck. It is thin, light, has good storage and a wonderful touch screen. And while I am not an Apple hater perse I despise Itunes since I use Window computers not MACs. I don't like the lack of control over my OS that I'd have to accept with the Ipad.Ease of moving files. When I want to watch, listen or read something on my Nexus I just plug it into a computer and drag the file onto the Nexus. No software required, no file conversions, no constant Itunes updates. As an example I watch a lot of .avi files on my Nexus and all that was required to do so was drag the file into the movie file folder. Then a quick download of MX player from the app store and I was good to go. I'd often had a headache converting media files on the Ipad and was amazed and thrilled by how easy it was to do on the Nexus. I've found that the Kindle Fire also offers a very simple process similar to the Nexus.Apps, so many apps. Apple has many times the apps as any other system and many are amazing quality. They have a QC process for apps to be added and thus more control that the Google store, that is undeniable. The top of the line games, apps and the like are often developed for the Ipad first and updated more often than for Android. That said I've been able to download free apps to watch every video, any music file, comics, books, and PDF files and had no issue with the Nexus. I do mostly use my tablet for social media and regular media with some web browsing. So the 'lack' of apps in the Google store is a none issue for me. It also means I have access to some fun games and apps that people have developed and don't want to go through the headache of getting approved through Apple. One thing I'd like to note is that while the Kindle App means you can download pretty much any book, you are limited when it comes to magazines/periodicals. Many are only available on the Kindle and if you are wanting to replace your paper magazines with digital versions the Kindle is the way to go.The touch screen on the Nexus is fantastic and I've never had an issue navigating screens or apps. That said there is just no way that the Nexus can compare to the Ipad at this price. The quality and the resolution are great, but with a side by side comparison the Ipad wins hands down. The Kindle Fire is very similar to the Nexus.Control. I love the level of control I have over the Android OS. I can essentially customize it however I want. When I plug my Nexus into my computer I have complete control. This doesn't make it complicated, as its easy enough to plug and play if you want to go that route. But it means for those who wish to you can customize everything from your home screen to your storage and settings. I don't like to pay money for something and then not be able to do what I wish with it. I hate even more to be locked out of software on a system that I own. A quick google search will show the vast amount of possibilities that are inherent with the open source Android system and the massive amount of support that Google offers for it.All and all the Nexus is my tablet choice hand down. While we have many tablets around the house the Nexus has become 'mine' and I use it far more than either the Kindle or Ipad. I do far more reading on it than expected. Couple with a set of Bluetooth headphones I also use it for my gym times instead of my Iphone. I can fit it in my pocket and the battery life means continental plane travel is a none issue for it. I recommend it without hesitation but you do need to really define what you want your table to do when you start shopping.