The Toshiba Thrive has introduced something no other pad on the market has: expansion on ALL ports, and a user replaceable battery. These areas along make the tablet stand out, but..how does it stack up to competition and daily use?DisclaimerI have tested and played around with all the other tablets on the market in the "10 inch" class such as the Samsung Tab, Asus Transformer, iPad2, Zoom, and the Acer Iconia.User ExperienceFrom a holistic standpoint, the Thrive is a very user friendly device, responsive, and versatile. As with Droid based devices, the screens are customizable with many widgets to choose from and of course that can be downloaded. The Thrive with it's rubber back feels very solid and well built. Sidenote: I have to admit; the Samsung Tab felt more like a wafer and was very slick. I did not feel very comfortable with it, is respect to that area.ScreenThe screen on the Thrive is capacitive, and at a 1280 resolution it is very vibrant and crisp. I know that some users complain about the brightness, but you can adjust the auto bright to suit whatever settings you like. I would suggest getting a screen cover as the screen does pickup fingerprints. The response time is amazing on this device, and the sensitivity is spot on.Battery LifeThe battery life on the Thrive has so far been about 7-8 hours with normal to heavy use. Light use, I have been able to leave the Thrive off the charger for a 24 hour period. Keep in mind, battery life goes according to what settings you have configured. For example, with the screen on full brightness, the battery will go down quicker. Apply some common sense in this regard. One of the shining points, is of course you can change the battery yourself in about 5 minutes flat.AppsI have been able to install apps and widgets that would suit just about anyone's needs. Apps are available anywhere from DirecTV to Fruit Ninja, to Quickoffice and back to Angry Birds. The Thrive has 2 different app stores, one for the Android market, and Toshiba. I have seen some reviews with complaints about that, just wanted to note it. True enough, there are some apps that are not available just yet such as Hulu and Netflix but those are not a deal-breaker to me. I use the tablet for fun and business use and it suits quite well with apps loaded and ones that are available.EmailI can look at GMail, pop, and exchange based email without any issues. Real short and quick in this area, seems some question about the different email functionality.PhysicsThe Thrive is a full 10.1 screen size, and the bezel actually makes it feel better with a little more width on the screen size. The weight at 1.6 lbs is still light, a mere 3 ounces more than the Samsung and many other pads on the market. The width, which some are making a big deal of, is just .6 inches. Just over half an inch...some people will just find anything to whine about. Overall, the Thrive is a solid built tablet, and is more rugged than most tablets on the market. If the additional 3 ounces is acceptable, this is the tablet for you.PortsThe ports. The almighty ports, full and mini usb, full HDMI, and full SD? What more can you ask for? The ports is what sets this tablet apart, the options are where it's at. The Thrive can accept hard drives, usb keys, keyboards, mice, printers which is amazing. One note though, your drives must be in FAT, FAT32, and exFAT format currently. NTFS is not supported just yet. The beauty is, you can have your files in the cloud or full control on the tablet with your own devices. Pictures on your SD go right from the camera to the tablet. Music, etc., great. The file manager is awesome. I know some may say this is not important, but it is vital to me. Oh to add, no adapters or strings attached. Excellent addition, Toshiba!In closing, the Thrive is an awesome device and brings a cumulative package of uses with it. On the hard disk size, you have to make that determination, I went with the 32GB. Remember, part of the disk space is used by the OS and Apps. Initially, I bought the 16GB, but after checking, only 12GB of space was left for use, so keep this in mind. I have not had any issues with my Thrive, but make sure to update your tablet when you get it and HARD REBOOT it after the updates. This is very important, and it does resolve the sleep issue. If you want a device with full expansion, and customization that can meet entertainment and business needs the Thrive does it.***Update 12.18.11*** I am still going strong on the Thrive, great tablet. Toshiba has released 3.2 for the Thrive, which fixed several things, which includes being able to read NTFS formats on SD and USB. So be sure to keep your tablet updated.