I've decided to tell you my thoughts on the iPad instead of listing technical specifications. Those are available on the Apple website.Physical and Visual Attributes (Snobby sounding, huh? Maybe the statistics that say most iPad owners are stuck up are right...)Firstly, it's just a big black and silver rectangle. It's not really what I would call beautiful, but it is pleasing to look at. Oh, who am I kidding! It's beautiful! Uhem.The brushed silver back is nice. It doesn't show fingerprints or scratches as much as the chrome or plastic that backs most portable Apple products. It's also cool to the touch, which I like.It isn't too heavy to hold, but it's going to be set on my lap most of the time anyway.iPod, Videos, and Photos (or, to go in chronological order, Photos, Videos, and iPod)The Photos app is actually incredibly nifty! When you open it up, granted you have put pictures on it, you're greeted with folders. Each one looks like a couple pictures laid out on a table.You can peak into one of them by pinching slightly or open one of them by pinching a lot. This is awesome and has to be seen to be fully appreciated. If you're not a fan of pinching, you can also just tap on a folder to open it right up.There are a few other interesting things that you can do with this app, but mostly it's for viewing all of your captured memories. Flicking from one picture to the next is fast and smooth.I really like the new look of the Videos app. It's much more...muchier. The bigger view of the DVD and TV show covers and the effect that happens when you click the play icon are both great. Oh, and I love watching stuff on the big screen!The iPod is a lot like iTunes. Instead of cover flow, there is a grid view of your music library. Other than that, everything is pretty much the same.Web Browsing and YouTubeAll of the people out there that don't like the iPad wish that Safari could view flash. That honestly hasn't been a problem for me, but maybe that's just because I don't make a habit of viewing flash-intensive websites.I think browsing the web on an iPad is supercalifragilisticexpialidocious!  Sliding your finger to scroll down a page and tapping or pinching to zoom both feel really natural.  I'm really happy that it doesn't take long to load pages and that I don't have to zoom much.YouTubeAs I've said before, the big screen on the iPad makes watching stuff really enjoyable.  The YouTube app adds tons of videos to it without taking up much space at all.  (Yes, I actually got a 1,000...GB iPad!)Using the app feels like you're on the actual website, but at the same time much better.  The quality of the videos are great, and searching for a particular one is...fun.That's one thing I think is really cool about Apple's gadgets.  They make doing everything fun!  How do they do that?GamingPlants Vs. Zombies HD is the best game app there is! Alright, now that I've got that out of my system, let's me just say that playing games on the iPad is a blast!Racing on it is like having a Wii in your hands.  However, I don't think the iPad could replace a Wii or DS.  Apps can really add up, so make sure you watch how much money you spend on them.Mail and KeyboardThe Mail app that's on the iPad is much more better than the one that's on the iPhone and iPod touch.  In portrait mode you see one of your e-mails, and in landscape mode you see a split screen view of one of your e-mails and a list of any others you've gotten.When you want to compose an e-mail, all you have to do is tap on an icon in the upper right hand corner.  A box will then pop up that you can type in, and so will a keyboard.  If you're in portrait mode, the keyboard that pops up will be smaller than if you're in landscape mode.They keyboard is much easier to type on than I thought it would be!  I can type almost as fast on it as I can on a physical one.ConclusionI'm not sure how Apple managed to make such a great tablet computer!  One of the things that's great about it is that you can add to the things it can do by getting apps.  Maybe that's one of the keys to it, the iPhone, and the iPod touch's success.  I'm very happy with mine.