(Caveat: I'm not a techie dude (though I do enjoy some techno music... go figure, right?) so proceed cautiously with my review...)I've been brought to the iPad dragging my heels, kicking and screaming, like a bratty toddler told to eat his peas (I hate peas).My history: I've not been a fan of the proprietary and I love music.  Some years ago, before my kids bought an iPod... I owned a Creative Zen Vision M MP3 player... 60 gigs that thing carried... and I could download whatever I wanted into it... no proprietary poo and nobody needed to know my financial information or address, and I loved that lil device for that freedom.  Creative created a great product, and in fact they own a couple of patents that enable certain Apple products to work, but like Beta recording tape... a technology that was superior to VHS, yet it was popularity of the lessor product that eventually killed the chances of the better device ever really taking hold.  Similarly, from a freedom point of view.. seems like much of the MP3 market has gone the way of the dinosaur, losing out to the proprietary Apple name.  And so begins my review.To recap: I hate proprietary.  And Apple IS that: proprietary.  Having said this, and yielding to my better senses, I have made allowance to bend towards the Apple by initially purchasing my iPhone.  I still hate the proprietary... love the device; Apple, begrudgingly liked by me for the things they build, made such a great device in the iPhone that I decided to take the leap by swallowing the whole schtick and bought this iPad.This second generation, 16 gig, iPad purchase was a big one for our family... actually, for my wife (as a birthday present to her), and she's been tethered to it for two days... loves it.It's a nice sized tablet... much easier to surf the internet with a larger screen than that of an iPhone, so that's a nice plus.  As for their proprietary... if you move to Apple with the purchase of your own iPad, you'll have to give them information... personal information, to include credit card, and normally that's enough to stop me in my tracks, so if you're like me and don't easily want to part with giving this info out... this isn't the tablet for you.  But before you consider not buying this tablet for that reason, remember that once you do give in, you're introduced to a world of great products and support.As far as functionability... this iPad is basically a picture/video taking wi-fi accessing internet surfing tool (nice run-on).  Conceptually, the tablet is intuitive in it's function... if you already own an iPod/iPhone/iPad.... yet if you don't, navigation/use of this tablet is pretty easy to learn... easier still if you have someone that owns one helping you for the first 2 mins.What makes this device interesting is the ability to add applications (apps) that enable you to do a millions things with this device.  Some apps are free while some cost money... and they're found once you hit the "App Store" icon on your device.My iPad was purchased with the wi-fi connectibility option only; I wasn't interested in purchasing (another...) 3g AT&T; smart device usage fee, though it's an option (another model...).  As for internet connectibility, I just have to find a wi-fi site and wahla... connection, at no extra cost to me.  Sure, this doesn't make the tablet very usable while in motion, but that's not a big deal for my usage intent... so this really doesn't effect me as it would someone who's occupation relies on such mobility usage (did that make sense?  Hope so...).This tablet comes with 16 gigs of memory (same as my phone...); I have hundreds of photos and some video on my phone, but no music.  If you have an ample music collection you would like to carry/keep on this iPad, I might suggest you purchase one with a higher storage capability.  This iPad will be used by my wife and she's going to stick pictures on it, perhaps SOME music, but not much between the two; for her, 16 gigs is just right.As for other functions: it's got a camera (don't ask me for specs... look them up.  New generation iPads have newer iris'/greater photo capabilities), that can also take video.  I can do a video type conferencing with another Apple device (another iPhone/iPad, for example)... it's called "facetime"... that's a neat feature that my 4 year old loves when I'm at work for two days or more at a time.  Battery life seems good... charging is a snap; USB or wall... you can do both with hardware supplied.Importantly, and to their credit... Apple does a great job supporting their products (my experience with a problematic iPhone, handled by Apple Care... was top-notch).  They take care of warrantied items very well.  An additional note: Apple stores, if you 've got one close-by... are a great resource for handling warranty/problematic software issues... so the support for the product, in-store or not, is there.As for iPads or tablets in general... there are others, but even this second generation iPad makes internet connection, and use, a breeze.  After owning now... two devices, I'm a believer in the products that Apple (thus far...) have made... and though I STILL don't dig the proprietary thing, it's a reasonable trade-off for being able to use a pretty great device.I hope this review assists you in making your choice, whichever that choice may be.  Thanks for listening.