While this tablet appears to be a quality product mine arrived with a locked screen unable to boot. I have contaced customer support to no avail. I Did read reviews from other buyers who complained about customer support refusing to respond with no concern for the customer. I build PC's and repair them and have never had a company totaly ignore my request for support, so I thought there must be some exageration in some of the reviews. Unfortunatly I was wrong. I have emailed the company over a week ago with no response. Calling them will also result in an unanswered call. If you do decide to purchase this item in spite of the warnings of the lack of customer support, I wish you luck and hope you get one that is not faulty. I have read that if you do receiva a Le Pan TC 970 that works, they seem to be a fairly good product. However I did not receiva a working one and am unable to provide a review on the tablet. Fortunatly you will not have to deal with Le Pan to return the product, Amazon will refund the full price with no hassle. I would recommend that you look else where for a different tablet that has good customer support and stands behind their products, Le Pan is just not such a company.12/7/11 - Updated review;While I still have not had any contact from the manufacture I did in fact find the cause of the problem. It seems that if I remove the SD card prior to the initial boot up it will boot just fine. I performed all the uddates at that time, shut down the device, reinstalled the SD card and rebooted. Everything seems to work fine now. Great little tablet. While it wint replace a higher priced tablet with more memory of faster cpu, for the money it is a great little tablet. Still not crazy about the lack of customer support, however as for the tablet I highly recommend it. I have had it working for 5 days now without a single problem. I have also changed the rating fron 1 to 4 stars. My only complaint would be with the lack of customer support, not the device.12/22/11 - Final updated review;Still no contact from manufacture. Suppose they are very busy. In any case the tablet continues to freeze every 20 - 35 minutes. I have installed the firmware update, tried various memory manager apps and even restored tablet to factory presets. Even with no other apps loaded other than what the tablet came with, it still continues to freeze. This seems to be a known issue on the internet. Some, and I mean "some" people have had good luck with this tablet. Most others end up returning it or try to get customer support. I personally would not recommend this tablet to anyone. As for customer support, I have read some say they get good support while others feel support for Le Pan is nonexistent. I can't say one way or the other as I was never able to get customer support to help me. Just understand that if you do decide to purchase this tablet you will be taking the risk of ending up with a substandard tablet and no support. Do your homework first, you'll be glad you did.