This is one of the worst things I've ever spent money on. Let me preface this review by saying that I didn't purchase this product from Amazon.com rather from Best Buy about 3 years ago.I bought this computer because the specs looked good at the time and I really needed it for work. I work in an art related industry and a tablet pc seemed like a really good option. I needed a better computer than I owned at the time and I wanted a drawing interface like a Cintiq. A tablet PC seemed like an affordable compromise.The first computer that I received from Best Buy had to be sent back immediately. It arrived with a faulty hard drive. Nowadays, they don't send you the install discs with you computer any more. They send everything preloaded on the hard drive and you have to make the recovery discs yourself. I couldn't even start it up. All I got was some kind of error screen. As I said before I had to send it back and get another one. By this point I was getting pretty desperate. My job had already started and I was using an Intuos.It slowed me down quite a bit.When my replacement finally arrived it seemed okay at first, until I had to set up my wireless router. I had to connect it to the router through the ethernet cable for the initial set-up. That's when I learned that the ethernet port didn't work. It wasn't a big deal. I still had my other, older computer and used it for the set up. The wireless function still worked so I could connect to the internet. Really, when was I going to need the ethernet connection in this day and age? I also still really needed it for work so I decided to let it go.Over time, other small issues started popping up as well. Every now and then when it would wake up out of hibernation, it wouldn't recognise that it had wireless capabilities. Going into the device manager, the wireless device didn't even show up. I would have to shut down and then turn it back on again for the wireless to start working. Using the restart function didn't work. It had to be a full shut down of the system.The worst one for me was the touchpad. It would suddenly start spazzing out. I would put my finger on the touchpad and it would jump to the right before moving. I would take my finger off of the touchpad completely and it would keep clicking, over and over again for a least 30 seconds after the fact. I can't tell you how many times I've accidentally closed my browser window or accidentally clicked a link I didn't want to because of this. I tried adjusting the touchpad sensitivity, but that didn't work. Also, the touchpad control panel started disappearing. You know the one that let's you adjust or turn off touchpad gestures? Sometimes I could find it and other times it would just be gone. I haven't seen it in a long long time now. I really hate that scrolling feature and I wish I could turn it off. I've tried updates and driver installations from the Fujitsu website, but no dice.One day, after about 2 years of ownership the fan started to make a funny noise. I thought that maybes some dust had gotten caught inside so I tried cleaning it out with some compressed air. Nope. Eventually the sound got so bad that it caused the whole system to vibrate when it was on. About 2 days in, came the blue screen of death.I phoned Best Buy. Lucky for me I had paid for the extended warranty when I bought it. When they repaired it then ended up having to replace the touchpad and the entire motherboard. Basically they had to build me a new computer.It's almost a year later, and some of the same problems are coming back. I haven't had to connect using and ethernet cable recently so I don't know if that problem has returned, but the touchpad is certainly going out on me and the wireless sometimes seems spotty. I've never seemed to be able to program the buttons on the screen to function quite as I needed them to and the screen orientation is a joke.It's out of warranty now, and I'm basically just waiting for it to die completely. Back when I was still desperate for answers I'd try to find information and fixes through the Fujitsu website and forums. Good luck with that!I basically just came to the conclusion and accepted that this was just a terrible machine. I made a bad decision and well, I won't make it again. No more Fujistu anythings for me.By the way, if you're looking for drivers and the like on the Fujitsu website, the TH700 isn't listed under Tablet PC. It's under Notebook PC > T Series. Just a heads up.