I've had the Fire for about 2 weeks without any problems. I ordered it from Amazon and it came before it was estimated to come. It does say Kindle fire on the package, but mine said it on either side and the font wasn't that big, but it does say it, and I wish it didn't.My Fire came pre-registered, so all of my books and info were already loaded. All of my books transferred over. I know some reviews said that some of their books wouldn't transfer, but I had no problem with that. I didn't have to do an update on it, which I know some reviewers said they had to.I have an M-edge case from my previous Kindle keyboard and it fits my Fire perfectly, so I'm keeping it and saving some money. Because there is a little bit of case that comes off the bottom of the Fire, the power button isn't easily pushed. In fact, I haven't accidentally turned it off once due to it being in the case.I agree with the other reviews that I do not really care for the carousel. I tested my internet speed by googling the word "dog" and the google page came up on the carousel. That was not something I would need to reference back to at a later time. But when I got back on my Fire later, that icon was gone. I didn't delete it, since apparently there is no way to, so for some reason it fell off, which I was thankful for. Even though the carousel has some issues that need to be resolved, I usually don't refer to it. I click on the tabs at the top to access my material (books, apps, web, etc.).I have not had a problem with using the internet in regards to speed. I've used my Fire to browse the internet in my apartment and in two other homes with a wi-fi connection. I'm not sure how it will respond on a network with several users, but with the small networks I have used, I've had absolutely no problems.I've also had no problems with the touch screen. Some people said it wouldn't respond, but mine has never done that.Another complaint has been that there is no external volume control. You have to control the volume on the touch screen in the top right hand corner. It would be nice to have external volume, but you can access the volume control at all times on the touch screen. So this also hasn't been a problem for me.I love my kindle and it is a great value for the price. I live on one income and didn't want to pay the price for an iPad, so this was a perfect device for me. They do need to add more apps, but for a website that doesn't have an app (CNN, Google), I'm able to simply go to the website and access all the info I need. I've also never had a problem with zooming on a website or going from Portrait to Landscape mode. I know others have had problems, but I haven't; but I've gone to highly popular websites on it (Pinterest, Google, CNN, etc.)