My company creates applications for various mobile devices, and so I have access to many different tablets. After working with it for a few weeks, I'm finding the Toshiba is a solid product and credible alternative to other Android tablets and iPad.In terms of construction quality, the Toshiba is beefy and solid feeling. Most surfaces are covered in a rubbery non-slip material, and although it's slightly heavier and thicker than most competitors, it still feels right in your hands. The screen is reasonably high quality...to me, not quite as readable as Apple's, but certainly more than adequate. Touch screen performance is very good, and unlike some other models, I find it easy to interact with it, even for objects right near the edge of the screen. I'm generally more of a physical keyboard fan, but Toshiba's touchscreen seemed more appealing than most.The Android implementation is generally very good, and it seems more stable than previous versions. Still, I've had a few application crashes on the Toshiba, but it's difficult to know whether it's Android, the app developer or the Toshiba. Overall, I'd have no trouble recommending it for day-to-day use, even for demanding users. One particular issue I've been having is connecting to my corporate secure network. It's locked with a WPA2 key, and while I have other Android devices working fine, the Toshiba seems to struggle. It's worked fine on other networks I've tried - including others protected with WPA2 - but for some reason, the network I use most often seems to be difficult.Where the Toshiba really shines is expansion capabilities. It supports Bluetooth 3.0, giving you access to keyboards, mice, headsets and so on. It has standard USB ports, meaning you can easily attach things like external disk drives. It has an SD card slot, making on-board storage almost limitless, since you can easily carry as many SD cards as you like. It even has HDMI and a fairly strong docking station, so when you're in the office, you can use your desktop monitor and keyboard, making the Toshiba a PC replacement for less demanding tasks. Indeed, one of the first apps I installed is virtual desktop client software, letting me have my full Windows desktop, right on the Toshiba. In large companies with virtual desktop initiatives, these devices make very cool endpoint devices.The cameras are about average for this type of product. If you have the bandwidth, video conferences are possible, and stills are good enough so that the Toshiba makes a great barcode scanner. I was able to get a usable scan of a 2x2 inch QR code from about two feet - better than most. Still, I'm not giving up my DSLR yet.The only reservation I might have is about whether you want cellular (3G/4G) network integration. Devices like the Toshiba Thrive generally mean you'll need to be carrying a cell phone, and if you want to network your tablet in a place where 802.11 WiFi networks aren't available, it can get complex. Certainly, many modern smartphones can act as a WiFi hotspot, or you can pair via Bluetooth or cables, so there are ways to have mobile access. But, if you're looking for that all-in-one, use it anywhere experience, you might prefer integrated 3G/4G capabilities.Cellular networking feels like the only obvious omission to me, so if you're the type who seems to always be in range of an 802.11 signal, then I definitely recommend you check out the Toshiba Thrive.