Great device. Does exactly as advertised and more.What I love:1. VideoNetflix, ABC, iTune transfered movies, and an amazing app called AirVideo that allows me to play video from my iMac or PC directly on my iPad without transferring it to my iPad.Stunning smooth video, no complaints.2. emailI've got 7 email accounts on this thing and it functions flawlessly.3. Internet browsingI'm very happy with the browser, especially the speed and finger gestures. It's intuitive and fast.4. Work appsI'm an IT admin and this thing is a great tool for admins like me.VPN is built in.VNC and RDP function nicely for remote access to my work environment.Dropbox keeps my files synced.And a little app called TeamViewer lets me fix my family members computers remotely.5. Planning and keeping track of my daily activities is easier with the multitude of To-Do apps, calendar, and Notes Pro app.  Everything is in one place.6. Kindle/iBooks are great. Super convenient in a way that's got me reading books again.7. KAYAK Flights is a fantastic app to check flight pricing whenever I want.8. Keeping up with the latest news on USA Today, SCI FI Wire, TUAW, DVICE, Ingadget, as well as Twitter, Woot, eBay, Newegg, and Craigslist couldn't be more convenient.9. Blogging, Cooking, weather, games, music on Pandora, movie times, tv guides, Yellow and White pages, writing pad (handwriting recognition), millage tracker, etc are just a few of the "useless" apps people complain about and I use every day.As far as the iPad shortcomings, we all knew what they were before it came out.  So why buy it if it's not what you want?I'm good with no camera.  I've got a camera on my iMac and video calls are uncomfortable and unnecessary.  Why would I want it on my iPad?People complaining about the lack of high-def video-out kill me.  It's a portable device, not a 50 inch plasma screen!  Use it for what it's intended for and get over it.Lack of Flash can be annoying, but that shortcoming wasn't a deal breaker for me.  I don't miss it.I own a netbook. It's been sitting on my desk for months, unused. Video stutters, internet is difficult to use, audio is terrible, battery life is weak.  And that's after upgrading to 2gb of memory.In other word, it's not better than my iPad and I'm selling it.The biggest plus of my iPad is convenience.  It's always on and ready.  I rarely use my computers anymore.So, if you do some due diligence and actually find out what an iPad does, you should be able to make an educated decision on whether it's for you or not.I don't believe a windows based tablet can come close to functioning as nicely as an iPad. An Android tablet might.I don't think I'm the only one happy with these, close to 1 million have been sold.  And that's before the 3G models have hit the shelves or sales outside the US have started.Ya, Steve Jobs really messed up with the iPad.  Guess the stock holders should get rid of him before Apple stock hits 300 and makes them more money than they can count...