After owning a Kindle 3 for a year, then a Kindle Fire for 6 months, I am now the proud owner of an iPad 2. I am also in a position to compare the two tablets without any bias at all.First, why the switch? The Kindle Fire is a great tablet, much better than the Kindle 3 in my opinion because of the apps, the small size, the backlit screen, and the Silk browser. And for many months now I have compared the iPad at a distance to the Kindle Fire, and I kept coming back with "why would I want to spend $500 on an iPad when I can get a Fire for $200? I already own a laptop. Why would I need so much functionality in an eBook reader?  The iPad solves a problem that I do not have."But the advantages of the iPad only become apparent once you own one. That's when the large screen makes you realize how much you squinted at the Fire's smaller screen. How much smoother the Safari browser works than the Silk browser. And how much better the selection of apps are on the iPad.So, once the new iPad came out and the iPad 2 price dropped by $100, I found myself thinking seriously about it. And before I knew it, I had one. And I like it. I like it a lot.Now, I am still a huge Amazon fan and have no intention of leaving Amazon, so the thought of reading books and watching Amazon Prime videos on a non-Kindle device filled me with a bit of trepidation. Can it all work as nicely on the iPad as it does on the Kindle Fire? The answer is "Yes", with one rather large exception: video. Unfortunately videos (TV shows & movie's) downloaded from Amazon require Adobe Flash which Apple does not support on its mobile devices, so that was my first disappointment. But that's been my only disappointment so far and it turns out that it's not a huge problem at all. All of the other pluses of the iPad make up for that. There is plenty of video for the iPad: it's all on iTunes, and a lot of it is free. The Kindle reader works just fine on the iPad 2, in fact its nicer with the large screen.  Book prices on Amazon and Apple appear to be identical. Although the iPad 2 is larger and heavier than the Fire, it's not that much heavier to be a hindrance and I don't see it being any more difficult to slip into my travel bag. Battery life is about the same. But for sure the apps available on the iPad are a welcome sight compared to the Kindle, in both the quantity and quality. This is really where the scale tips heavily in Apple's favor. Sure, Android has thousands of apps available, but Amazon does not let you have them on the Kindle. You are restricted to only downloading the apps that Amazon has approved for the Kindle Fire, and that turns out to be a disappointingly small number of apps, many of which are of mediocre quality.  I would find myself eagerly searching the Kindle app store for the same apps that I enjoy on the iPhone, only to find that they are simply not available for the Kindle Fire. Apps like Skype, Evernote, TED, PBS,  Dropbox, Voxer, SayHi, WeightWatchers mobile, and plenty more. Another experience that is much better on the iPad is watching the news and documentaries while I walk on my treadmill. The bigger screen is a huge improvement and with all the great apps for news and shows, there truly is no end to what you can watch. Add to all of this the microphone, front & back cameras (I got the Wi-Fi only model), accelerometer, GPS and compass and you now have a much more exciting tablet experience. I also found the Silk browser to be clunky and unresponsive at times on the Fire with tabs & buttons that are small and difficult to press , while iPad's Safari is easier to use and has not even hiccupped. Could it be my wireless router? The distance to the router has not changed, just the tablet, so I call that a Silk issue.So what really changed between the Kindle Fire and the iPad? Me. I thought all I wanted was a good eBook reader and for the last couple of years, the Kindle more than sufficed. But I found out that my needs and expectations have changed and I what I really want now is great tablet. And that's the iPad, hands down.Correction: The wi-fi only model does not have a GPS module, but the location services and digital compass can still show your location for apps that need it. Interestingly, turn-by-turn directions in Mapquest work fine, as long as you have a wifi signal, but unless you have a good wifi signal in your car, GPS is pretty useless.