My Toshiba Thrive arrived yesterday and with a full 24 hours under my belt here's what I found.I gave it 5 stars based on the specs and I'm giving it 5 stars based on my experience with the Tablet. I'll skip the specs part because you can read that below.Arrival:The quick/getting started guide does a nice job of outlining the where all the buttons are. I went ahead and took the back off so I could see how I could change the battery. Very easy to do and there's a cover lock button that makes it all very easy. There's a great wizard that fires up when you first turn it on that walks you through WiFi setup and Google account login. I added all 4 of our family accounts for myself, my wife, and 2 daughters. The Gmail app has real nice quick select option to switch between accounts so we can share the device with ease.Speed:Lightening fast for everything. Screen swiping, apps opening, screen orientation switch, you name it. No lags anywhere which makes it a real joy to use.Apps:I downloaded a few of my favorite apps from the Android Market like Astro, Pandora, Swype (I'm in the Beta program), Angry Birds, Battery Left, and so on. No issues whatsoever. I do know that some developers have done better than others adding features that support the larger screen on a tablet vs. a phone. I have an old Android Phone which is Froyo 2.2 so I'm not sure if it's the new 3.1 Honeycomb OS or the Toshiba touches but there are some great widgets that I don't have on my phone. The Bookmarks widget is very cool and places the home page of all your bookmarks in a scrollable window on the desktop - very cool.Copying Files:I hooked it up with the included USB cable to my home PC and copied over some music in MP3 format, some movies in MP4 format, some pictures in JPG format and it was super easy. The home PC recognized the device right away and I was off to the races. Everything played fine on the nice Toshiba Media Player app that the tablet came with - very nice because it handles ALL media. There's also a really nice File Manager app which makes it easy to see and manage what you've copied. I used my 16GB USB flash drive to copy over a few files and it also worked perfectly. I tried plugging in a 170GB external hard drive to copy some more movies over and I'm sorry to say this did NOT work. The tablet froze and I had to hold down the power button to do a full re-start.Simulcasting:One of the things I really wanted to be able to do was simulcast movies played on the tablet with my 60 inch HD TV. I used this HDMI cable BlueRigger High Speed HDMI Cable with Ethernet 6.6 Feet (2m) - Supports 3D and Audio Return [Latest Version] that I ordered from Amazon when I ordered the Thrive. It worked perfectly! In fact, once you hook up the cable, everything you do on the tablet shows up on the TV. The kids played Angry Bird while we watched on the TV. I can see us on vacation playing videos we make and pictures we take on the TV in the hotel room since most of them now have HDMI inputs.Form Factor:Like everyone else, I'll mention that it's a little thick but I love the rubber-like textured back which makes it easy to handle. I'll give up super thin for all of the connectivity in a heartbeat. I did buy this 360 case Toshiba Thrive Portfolio 360 Case for 10.1-Inch Tablet (PA1495U-1TWC)which is so far working out really well. I like that it can stand the tablet up in portrait or landscape mode.Battery:Pretty darn good. We've been messing with this thing a ton and I'm still working off the original charge. I do shut it all the way down when I'm done so I know that helps quite a bit.In Summary:I did my homework and I'm not disappointed at all. This is a great tablet for people like me that hate "Apple Jail". My kids don't want to put it down but my wife makes them.ORIGINAL PRE-HANDS-ON REVIEW:I've spent quite a bit of time looking at 10.1 inch tablets and I have some very specific needs that Toshiba has nailed.- Wireless-N Wi-Fi networking and Bluetooth with connectivity to peripherals; I don't want to get forced into another expensive plan from a wireless carrier (Xoom, are you listening?). I can always tether from my existing Droid phone.- Full-sized and mini USB ports as well as an SD card slot; I can easily transfer files including a bunch of MP4 movies I have to the tablet and I can expand the memory with an SD memory card (Samsung, are you listening? Asus, you were close but I needed to buy the keyboard I don't want to get the USB port).- HDMI output; One of the things I want to do is use my tablet to play MP4 movies and simulcast them on my 60 inch flat screen TV in full 1080p mode (Samsung can't do this).- User-Replaceable Battery; I have a spare battery for my Droid phone and every time I've used it I could not help but think "what would I do without this". It's just such a great option to have. Plus, as mentioned in an earlier review, eventually these batteries die.- Honeycomb 3.1; I want the tablet OS not the smartphone OS (Sorry Asus, you almost had me).I hope they release it soon and don't price it too high because I really want one.