I was a little skeptical of the Starter OS, but this laptop has done everything I had hoped it would. I have not upgraded the RAM, so I am using with the original 1 Gb. I wanted a netbook for portability that I could do some programming on and also use it for netflix. I am able to use the VGA out to connect to my TV. Just then have to switch the display using function key as the Starter OS will not display on the laptop and the external display at the same time. But it does show on the TV once switched. I have a slower DSL connection (usually less than 1 Mbps) but the netflix has worked OK with wireless network. The TV is small (about 21"). I use the netbook headphone jack for audio when watching netflix, as I am on my treadmill and it is very noisy. The sound seems fine for me using the headphones.I like the textured case - allows for a firm grip and there are no fingerprints. I have the 6 cell battery which makes the netbook thicker on the backend, a little over an inch. But I find this makes a good gripping point, almost like a handle. This netbook is quite easy to pick up with one hand, even along the sides, but I find the battery 'handle' on the back end makes it easy to slide in and out of a bag.I am very pleased with the display. I do not care for the highly glossy screens. At first, the tiny screen seemed very limiting when browsing the Internet, as a lot of vertical scrolling is required. Switching to full screen and/or using Firefox with minimal toolbars helped quite a bit. There is some extra scrolling capability with the trackpad, but I haven't gotten the technique down yet. I usually just use the arrow keys to scroll up and down. The trackpad is smaller than I am used to and maybe not quite as responsive as my 15" Dell laptop. I hook up an external trackball mouse for longer sessions.For programming, I have loaded both WAMP Server and MS WebMatrix on this with the Starter OS as received and both are running, with the exception that the WebMatrix doesn't seem to have built in Jet engine (MS Access) capability like IIS that I am used to. This is a feature of the Starter OS, not the netbook hardware.One minor comment, is that the screen does not open 180 degrees. My treadmill has a 2 inch shelf for a book or other reading material. I had hoped that I could place this netbook on the shelf and open it up so it would lay flat against the treadmill for viewing. It maybe opens only 120-140 degrees, so this isn't possible. Instead, I need to set the netbook on a larger external shelf behind the treadmill.Overall, I would recommend this netbook if you need a device that is highly portable and you want to be able to run full feature programs like Office, etc. in addition to surfing the net.