I'm not going to repeat the specs. You can read that in the description.Love this thing. Works FAST and very well. The 3.1 honeycomb is due to arrive next week so things should only change for the better.My wife has an Ipad and I can compare the two and I LIKE THIS BETTER. This FEELS sturdier with a brushed aluminum back.  True the Ipad is thinner, runs well, has lots of apps and best of all it works. However something I've always found distastful with Apple products is that if APPLE didn't think of it chances are you aren't getting it because of its limited expandability. Not true with Android products, and this Iconia is no exception, in fact it has great expandability with ports built in that others put only in the docking station. There is a price to be paid though, Its not as sexy looking as the Ipad. Oh, its a pretty machine but it is a little thicker and a little heavier (I didn't notice until my wife pointed it out). The screen is stunning (just like the Ipad) with nice wide viewing angles (it is an IPS panel). Works fine right out of the box. All you have to do is link it to your G-Mail account (don't have one... its simple to set up). Google has really got this down and it sets up and syncs all your devices so cloud computing is already a reality here. Make a change on your android phone it is automatically synced to your tablet and computer. Try using Google Docs. Great stuff. You can even print to your home networked printer. The games that come with it are true arcade quality (and not demo mode). Love Need For Speed. Much better than the Ipad games I've seen.The good:Lots of options.FAST!Great processor and lots of RAM (1gig vs Ipad 512meg)Stunning screenI didn't need the manual (online downloadable). I just played with it a while.Beautiful aluminum backSturdy constructionNice software with it (love some of the games).The bad (I'm really being nitpicky)Lots of fingerprints on the screen. (same with Ipad)USB port didn't support a mouse but does support keyboard. (3.1 out next week is going to change this).Found that the app for multimedia play didn't see my expanded micro card and had to download another player that did. (again this is supposed to be corrected with 3.1)Only comes with 16gigs (just upgrade with an additional 32gig and have 48 total)Acer sync though works very well but is not as simple as ITunes. But...  it allows you to tweak it more. ITunes is frustrating when something goes wrong and sometimes impossible to fix.In conclusion I would buy this in a heartbeat again. Just love it.UPDATE 7/6/2011Two updates came through yesterday and today upgrading my tablet to Honeycomb 3.1.The changes anticipated work now. The original media player now recognizes the additional memory. Now you can take those little things out of the "bad" list. Works like a champ. Also finding more apps changed to support tab computing. I LOVE THIS THING.Another thing: A HAVE TO HAVE APP is the SWYPE keyboard. Download and install it. You won't be sorry. It is in BETA format now (tablet version) but works great. You have to find it on the web and not in Android Market. Many of us have used the SWYPE keyboard on our Android phones.... now you can get it for the Iconia tab. It can be used as a full sized keyboard or a mini keyboard. I recommend the mini.It will improve your input speed to typing speeds. Takes about an hour to get used to it, no more.