I found this when someone sent me specs for another Coby product (a little TV) they received for Christmas. I decided to pony up and order it, along with a 16G microSD card.Out of the box, it hooked up to my wifi fine (an Airport, BGN), and I was online with it immediately. Appslib is a little limiting, and I wanted Market, so off to root it I go. It was very simple with the help at tipstir dot the-talk dot net, with some help from xda-developers. Google with the model number and "root" and you'll trip over the instructions to get it done.I ran the updates from the Coby site, updated AppsLib, then rooted the device and added all the Google apps, including Market, and then AppBrain (which I really like). I initially purchased it as an ebook reader, so I installed FBReader, Kindle, and Nook on it. All are better than the included reader, although it's not bad.  I also installed Dolphin HD as the default web browser.The tablet isn't heavy, the screen is crisp, and after a full charge I ran it unplugged for 6 hours, listening to music, watching YouTube vids, reading, and browsing. That's pretty respectable battery life. Since it is wifi only, I installed Orbot in case I'm out and about and hook into public wifi (for a little added security, no Firesheep here). It says it is connected to Tor, but fails the tests. Oh well, hopefully the team will catch up. Also, the Slingplayer app doesn't seem to be available, but it looks like 7015 owners have already hit the Slingbox site to ask for it.The screen was my biggest concern, as I have no fingernails to speak of. Screen response is a little slow at times, but overall, I shouldn't have been concerned, I've had no problems and it works well. The 7 inch screen is an order of magnitude better than trying to read or browse on my iPhone or iPod Touch. Since it is wifi only and my contract with AT&T; is up next month on the iPhone, I'm thinking of separating my phone habits from my computer habits and getting a Virgin Mifi for on the go with it. Especially since ATT modified my data plan and then wouldn't let me cancel it.Things I like: -lots of them out there, that means a good community for support and easy "hacks" for it. -Screen, it's not as tricky as I thought it would be and is easy to operate. -Easier on the eyes than an iPod Touch -It does more than serve as a book reader.Things I don't like: -Out of the box, no Google Market (rooting really made this device). I'm hoping this is corrected when Android 3.0 comes out, as 2.1 is still technically a phone OS. Google states there will be no "lower limit" on 3.0, so I'm hopeful. -Facebook App. It didn't come with one, which I really didn't mind, but all of them out there are a bear to un-install after you put them on there and don't add much functionality. Not Coby's fault, but really really annoying. The Dolphin browser is better for browsing FB, so if you are wondering whether you need to install the FB app, don't.I am so pleasantly surprised with this thing. It isn't an iPad, but even this fanboy can't see shelling out that kind of bank for what is essentially a crippled laptop. Keep them coming Coby.