Spend a little more money and get a tablet that offers mainstream applications that are FREE. Not only is blackberry app world lacking in polished applications, but most of what is offered costs 99 cents and up. No skype or any of the popular FREE apps available for android or Apple and NO NETFLIX!!!!!! You can't even watch in the browser because there is no silverlight support. Don't be fooled by the reviews that say "it now has android support". This means nothing because you are limited by blackberry's weak application offerings....there is no android market here.I spent $199 for this and it doesn't get much use (my ipad gets used often). Battery life sucks with the playbook (3 hours max) and my tablet arrived with one green stuck pixel which looks lovely on a black background.The browser does play flash well however flash enabled sites often become tiresome to navigate because of the limited screen space and tiny controls. An example of this would be zillow.com. Try pinch, zoom, and scroll without opening advertisements or other content. Unless you have dainty hands it's impossible. Another reason applications are important, so the user can easily control what they are trying to accomplish.This review comes post install of the 2.0 update which has been waited for with bated breath by many and was suppose to "change everything" in terms of this tablet's usability (or lack thereof). With the 2.0 update you get a native mail app and buggy "android support". Pretty insulting for my $200 dollar investment.The volume (sound volume) rocker on top of the device lags horribly. Push the up or down buttons to change the loudness, and the effect happens 5-6 seconds later, along with a volume slider bar that appears on screen. You either end up turning the volume way too high or way too soft because of this.The OS software on the playbook takes about 3 or 4 minutes to boot up. Quite possibly the longest boot times in mainstream computing history. Reminds me of the old days with windoze 98 on an i386.These are my observations about the device based on my usage, and in comparison to the iPad/iOS and Android powered tablets (of which I also own). Some people seem giddy with excitement about the playbook while others are in my camp of disappointment  (based on review readings here and elsewhere) so your mileage may very based on your level of standards, and whether or not you are a RIM fanboy or employee (the not-so-good reviews for this device are trolled by such people if you look closely)I have no allegiance to any device or company but this thing was clearly rushed to market. Lovely colors, smooth swiping, and 1080p mean nothing if utility is lacking. Software wise it's a joke, an expensive joke on ME. You can decide if the bargain basement price is enough to make the same mistake.If blackberry can fix the battery life and volume control with another update and give me Skype and Netflix for F R E E (don't nickel and dime me with your app world!!!!) then I'll change my review to 4 stars. The hardware has promise, The software as of today (even after the long awaited v2.0) does not.HINT: F R E E GPS software, to take advantage of the unutilized GPS capabilities of the playbook would get 5 stars. Why not sweeten the deal for those who do not want to play games like asphalt 6 and moden combat 2, of which you are also giving away.