I'm sure most of us who purchased the Xoom were waiting for something better than the iPad before jumping into the tablet scene or, at least, I know I was.  I was waiting for news on the iPad 2 to see the new features it would have.  Once I heard the news about a WiFi only Honeycomb device, I became intrigued and began to follow rumors and news I could find on both devices.  Eventually, I listed my pros and cons before making my purchase.  My needs were:I wanted to:browse the internet without having to use a touchpad or a mouse.play all of my favorite emulators (these apps have since been shut down on the Market place)tether to my cell phone's data network and, since I don't have AT&T; or Verizon, it made sense to go with Android, imo.use bluetooth with gaming controllers to play games wireless without touching the screen.playback HD movies that I moved from my computer to the tablet.browse the entire screen through HDMI-out onto my big screen TV without any limitations in place by the developer IE: all apps view on TV.access to the file system via USB on my computer and in-device.be able to download, install, browse, etc everything in my system (for the most part) within the device without relying on a computer to do so.flash capability even though some flash sites drain everything from resources to battery life.be able to read eBooks through Kindle or Google Reader apps.be able to import or purchase comic books and read them through a comic book reader.be able to upgrade the memory in the tablet.So, after researching and reviewing tech specs, opinions, and the like all over the web and through family and friends, I came to the conclusion that the Motorola Xoom met all of these needs for me.Like a previous reviewer said, there is a learning curve to the device and within the first week, I was hardly impressed.  I kept tinkering with it and and learning the device to the point of becoming reliant on it for simple web browsing, reading, and gaming.  I'm a desktop PC kind of person over a laptop so this device made perfect sense for me and gives me a break from sitting at a desk and can accomplish these things at my leisure and then go back to my daily routines elsewhere.  The battery life is pretty decent for me.  Typically lasts about 5 - 6 hours of constant use ie: moving apps.  Strictly using the reader apps, it will last longer, obviously.  The one thing that blew me way was how good the cameras were.  The front facing camera has a lower megapixel lens so the quality there is a little less but it's perfectly fine for a webcam and the picture taker on the back of the device takes decent quality large pictures.  I did not expect these to be on a device like this yet.  I'm glad Motorola invested in them.There are a few negatives for this device.  Firstly, Honeycomb is not a mature platform yet and there are a ton of apps not yet optimized for the tablet.  Obviously, this will be fixed as it gains in popularity, and the ones that are optimized are very nice.  There are creative apps that you can make use of day 1.  However, it's obvious that Google jumped right into Honeycomb and the developers are still playing catch up.  Over time, more and more apps will become optimized and make use of the entire screen but, as of now, there are quit a few apps that run in cell phone mode ie: small blocks on the screen or the apps take up a corner of the screen and the layout repeats throughout the rest of the screen.  Not a deal breaker but expect these types of situations if you purchase this device.The other negative I have is that the screen sometimes becomes unresponsive.  Occasionally, the apps stop working and the screen just does not respond to my fingers.  A simple tap of the standby button to turn off the screen and another tap of the same button to bring the screen back on always cures this dilemma but it's strange that this little quirk happens.  It does not take away from the experience whatsoever although when showing off the device to friends and explaining that quirk makes the device seem disappointing when you're trying to get the word out.