I am a PC user, a grad student and professional accountant. I have a nice PC, and an iPhone, but I have never owned a laptop. I needed something with some portability that would allow me to have a good e-reader, do some light Excel and Word document editing, and some internet browsing around the house. I have an infant son and it is not convenient to always have to be in the office doing things that I can now do downstairs on this unit.This is amazing. I have a router that is at least 5 years old and I haven't had any problems with the iPad (or my year old iPhone 3GS). It works remarkably similar to the iPhone, except it is obviously bigger. I have PDF textbooks for class and it was simple to email them to myself, open and save them in iBooks. There were no formatting errors, nor was there any for .doc files that I converted into Pages. It was much simpler than I imagined. Actually, until I looked closer at buying this, I didn't even realize I had the option to convert .doc and .xls files into usable files on any Mac unit, so that was the clincher for me. The internet is very fast and easy to navigate. I synced it with iTunes, had my PDF's, a few .doc files imported, email set up, some music and photos transferred within 30 minutes and I did some homework on it.As an afterthought, I have a huge collection of sheet music that I am going to scan into PDF format and transfer to the unit. I can just set the unit on my music stand; the back light will serve me well.This is a near perfect unit. I got the 16 gig wifi unit because I already have a big music archive on my iphone, I don't need my entire photo archive with me everywhere I go and if I am going to watch something while traveling, a few good episodes of the Simpsons will be fine. I will probably just read on it anyway. If you have an ipod or iphone I don't understand why you would need 3G and a huge storage space. This is a great supplementary computer for me and having used it for a little bit I know a MacBook will be my next purchase.Also, the bluetooth keyboard works great. Wall Street Journal app is incredible too. The only problem with Apple are the huge lines and wait times while at their retail stores.I read a lot of reviews and I have not yet experienced the Wifi connectivity problems that others have complained about. Like I said I have an old rabbit ear style router, and it is upstairs. I have been using the iPad downstairs, on the far end of the house and I am getting full bars. It is heavy to hold, but I have found that there are many convenient spots to prop it on. I'm afraid to say that there isn't much to dislike on this. This does seem like the Wii for computers though. Very easy to access for all ages and technical ability.