BACKGROUND: Before buying this tablet, I've tried 5 different Android Honeycomb tablets at various prices. I eventually settled for the Windows tablet due to lack of features on the Android. My goal was to have a tablet that can replace most of my desktop usages, which includes; internet, email, video, music, light gaming, ebook and Microsoft Office. Overall, I would say this tablet can perform all those tasks with ease, only suffering slightly from its limited CPU power. However, if you tune your system right its actually fast and responsive.I would recommend this tablet for advance Windows users who are willing to spend times setting up and customizing it first. I can not recommend this tablet for average users who want to use it right away and have an easy touch experience, it's not due to the tablet itself, but because Windows 7 is not designed for touchscreen.AESTHETIC AND BUILD:-This screen is covered with Corning Gorilla glass to provide better durability. I can still push very hard on the screen and see the liquid crystal distort underneath. Still, its much more durable than plastic.-The device can get quite warm in the back, which is plastic. The hot area are in the middle and near the air vent, its cooler on the edges so you can hold the tablet comfortably. The fan does not bother me because it blow out warm air (and sometimes hot) away on the top and is quiet enough, but I can't consider it as very quiet.-Two USB ports are useful, they are close together barely enough that you can use the "Y" USB cables which are needed to provide extra power for some portable DVD-Rom and hard drives.-Yes this tablet weight two pounds (maybe more). A good solution would to buy a leather case that allow the device to stand up on a surface.-I managed about 3-4 hours of battery life depending on uses.USABILITY:-First off, you can use all your Windows desktop programs which should be a primary reason for getting a Windows tablet.-The touch sensitivity is very good, objects are small with Windows 7 interface so you will require a bit of marksmanship. You need to spend time customizing and tuning the OS:-Raising the DPI to 120dpi or even 144dpi to make fonts and buttons larger. (Go to Personalize -> Display.)-Disabling unused services and uninstalling junk programs, otherwise preloaded apps running in background can use up the CPU processes and RAM. (Search the net on 'acer w500 tweaks').-Acer's Device Control is useful for things like setting screen brightness, turning off wifi and changing volume. The interface isn't very responsive. I prefer using 'Windows Mobility Center' which provide similar controls, but uses less memory, I pinned it on the taskbar for easy access.-Spend a bit of time tweaking you inputs. Such as reducing the time it takes to 'tap and hold' to trigger a right click. You'll be amazed as how much right clicking you'll be doing. (Go to Control Panel -> Pen and Touch -> see 'Touch' tab)-I don't use the keyboard dock too much since it doesn't have a touchpad, but instead a "track point" (some people like it though).DISPLAY AND SOUND:-I'm impressed by the display and sound. This device has an IPS display (better viewing angle and colors), which isn't the best I've seen, but much better than regular TN displays. It's very sharp, texts looks great, colors are nice and it goes bright. As long as your eyes are further than a foot from the screen you won't notice the 'pixel grains'. The viewing angle is okay, but still limited.-The speakers can go relatively loud, but its on the back and is mono. The sound gets sharp on highest volumes and needs EQing to sound comfortable.-I'm also impressed with the headphone output of this device. The sound is overall crisp and the output power is strong. It can power headphones with high "impedance" and probably do a fine job powering portable speakers.HD VIDEOS PLAYBACK:-The device will be able to play 720p and 1080p h.264 MP4 videos smoothly. To be able to play hidef MKV videos smoothly, you must enable hardware acceleration (DXVA) feature for your video players.-It can play YouTube 720p Flash videos smoothly. 1080p gets frame drops and choppy in windows mode, but very smooth when switched to fullscreen mode.CONCLUSION: For the price, the Acer W500 offers a nice display and acceptable sound. After some patience customizing the OS and figuring out how to play HD videos with hardware acceleration, I'm very happy with the purchase. Two main areas I find lacking are the battery life and not having built in mouse buttons and sensor (similar to the MSI Windpad 110W) which would make it easier to use a desktop OS on a tablet. However, upcoming Windows 8 might provide much more usable interface.LINUX: I gave Kubuntu 11.04 a quick try and it seems to work great, wifi works automatically. I definitely would like to use linux on this tablet, it would take up less space for one. Too bad, I can't yet because as of Kubuntu 11.04 I have not find out how to enable right click via touch. I'm looking forward to the KDE's new Plasma Active interface which is built specifically for mobile devices.