Updated 7/11/2013 - I returned my tablet for RMA due to the screen flicker problem after much reluctance due to the negative experience other people had with asus RMA process.  The first time I sent the tablet in, it was acknowledged there was an issue.  However, a part unrelated to the screen flicker issue was replaced.  In addition, my tablet was restored to factory settings losing all my apps.  When I got the tablet back, I tried it in the same conditions where I was having the issue and the screen flickering was still there.  I sent it back a second time and my husband and I got two customer service agents involved this time.  It was acknowledged that the first person who processed our RMA did not detail the issue in their system.  It was also acknowledged the proper fix for this issue is replacing the display cable (although multiple online reports do mention that the screen also needs to be replaced to provide a permanent fix) and that the battery cable on my device (not related to the screen flicker issue at all) was replaced last time.  They are also claiming they can't replicate the issue and have eluded to the fact they will not fix the tablet unless they can.  A few things with that - there is no way for me to know if they are testing the tablet in the same conditions that I commonly use the tablet.  I have detailed the room conditions as well as the internet conditions including internet download speeds for the agents.  My suspicion is they are testing the tablet with much better wifi signal than my house ever gets and in rooms with overhead lighting or near darkness.  The screen flicker is most known to present itself in areas of low light.  I use my tablet in a room with a bedside lamp that has a 60 watt bulb and that is when I notice the issue the most.  In addition, my gut feeling is that webpages at my house take a lot longer to load than they do in their corporate environment and thus they aren't able to notice the issue as prominently as you can in my home.So, in summary, even though it was noted that my tablet had an issue the first time I returned it and it was noted that a repair unrelated to the issue I complained about was made it does not look like the proper repair is going to be made.  I've wasted a lot of time and money on the defective nexus 7 and I do not recommend that anyone else do the same.I love my Nexus 7 tablet except mine has one flaw which has lead to it being sent back for warranty repair.  In low light the screen flickers with or without wifi.  I have read elsewhere that keeping the brightness over 30% helps this issue but that is just too bright for me.  I called Asus and they wanted to test it so it was sent back under warranty.  The tech I spoke with over the phone said that usually reloading the software fixes it and if not then a screen replacement will fix it.Other than that, this is an awesome tablet.  It is amazingly portable, so light weight and little but still powerful.  I would recommend the 32GB one over the smaller one because the price difference isn't really that significant and you can store more music on the larger one.  The screen keyboard is quite comfortable and responsive and the battery life is great.