I was very excited/nervous when I heard about the release of the Kindle Fire. I just recently decided I wanted an e-reader and spent days researching the different kinds and deciding what exactly I wanted from it.First of all, I absolutely love to read so reading was my #1 priority.Next, I have an Amazon Prime membership because I am a student so the Kindle lending library sounded perfect. Also, being able to stream free movies and TV shows through my Kindle seemed like a pretty good deal too (which I have done already and while you do have to give the video a few minutes to load (press pause and let it load), the quality is fantastic.)All in all, I chose the Fire for many reasons:1) I wanted an Amazon product first and foremost because I am an Amazon Prime member and frequent user. So Kindle was my obvious choice,2) I chose the Fire specifically because it fit my expectations of what exactly I wanted: primarily an e-reader with some tablet functions available,3) I don't care about not having a camera or HD connector, especially considering all that I'm getting already for $200 and4) I prefer the color version vs. the other Kindles because I wanted the ability to read magazines and children's books with my niece and nephew. Plus I read a lot at night and rarely read out in the sunlight so I did not need the e-ink display. I may eventually change my mind and just buy the $79 e-ink display Kindle for outside use.The Kindle Fire was the best choice for me personally. As long as you do the research and evaluate your expectations, I think the Fire will be a great product for whoever buys it. If you're expecting a full-fledged tablet that works anywhere and everywhere (so far, I know my Kindle works at both home and work, I have yet to try it at school), I would say look elsewhere. Perhaps an iPad or Samsung Galaxy would suit you better. However, if you're looking for a low-priced e-reader with some extra perks and you use Amazon frequently, I would say the Fire is your best bet. I'm in love with my new Kindle and can't wait to explore every aspect of the Kindle store.Also,I know people have complained a lot about:1. the carousel: If you're planning on sharing your Fire with someone and do not like the lack of privacy, I wouldn't buy it. However, I will be the only one using it and have password protected mine (top options- more- security- password) so the carousel is not an issue for me.2. lack of camera: like I said, I do not care about the lack of camera. I have a digital camera and a nice camera on my phone. Plus, including a camera on the device would have upped the price. No complaints for me there.3. Yes the video takes a minute or more to load but this is true for every video on the internet. Have you ever had to pause a Youtube video and let it load before you played it? Answer: Yes. Have patience.All in all, the Fire is a great buy as long as you do the research, know exactly what you are getting, and do not expect it to be a tablet.Hope this helps :)