I got the Ipad 32gig unit on day of release. I would love to tell you a nice story of all the fun time I had waiting in line talking to all the people waiting to get one. But my Apple Store in Atlantic City had no one waiting for it I walked in picked mine up paid and walked out no line at all.Well jumping ahead 8 months to today my Ipad goes every where with me, to work, shopping to the doctors out to eat it is like my new best friend (gee I may need to get a real life). At first everywhere I went people were like "is that really an ipad I have yet to see a real one in person". They were amazed as I showed off my Ipad my sister was in awwe and was second guessing buying her daughter a nook until I told her the cost of the Ipad.The unit melts into your life you find your self reaching for it to do everything. If I am in the kitchen cleaning or cooking I watch shows from netflix on it. Sitting on the couch I scan the news while watching TV. In bed before going to sleep I play some quick games or read a book. It really fits nicely into your life allowing you to do some many things so quickly and easly.With the latest upgrade the added combined email mailbox is great reading mail is quick and easy. some of the apps I use each day are:PandoraEmailApp AdviceSafariTodoABC NewsABC PlayerYahtzeeScrabbleGoodreaderAnd belive me there are many more in fact this holiday EA put almost all of thier titles on sale for .99 each. Now that beats a PSP or GB game price hands down. Battery life is outstanding I use it all day and it stays charged.Now some of the downside of the Ipad. Keeping the screen clean can be a full time job. Storing shows or movies on the ipad quicking fills your Ipad up. If I am on a long trip and need to have a lot of videos with me I take my Archos 7 which has 5 times the storage space of my ipad 160 gigs. I had my Tivo transfering tv shows directly to my Ipad and it quickly was filling up. Syncing is another issue it takes a while to sync your unit in Itunes and working with phots on your unit is not easy if you sync folders with your pc then you cn not delete any photos from your ipad. You can also not really take notes on your ipad unless you can type really fast on the touch keyboard handwritting notes has a very long way to go on the ipad.And again we are back to my pet peve WHY IS THERE NO VIDEO PLAYLIST ON THE SYSTEM. Before the update there was a work around but now that is gone you like watching music videos you get to listen to them one at a time. If you read any of my other reviews of products like this you will know I hate when a simple function is left out like this.So yes even with these short commings I love my Ipad and no I am not sorry It does not have a camera on it I have a phone that has a camera. I will use my Ipad first gen at least until the Ipad 3 or 4 is out but only if it ofers something really great.