I bought the A500 after ordering and waiting for weeks for the ASUS Transformer.  After finally relenting and ordering the A500, it arrived in a couple of days and I was very glad I did.1.  The product is VERY solid.  I was concerned about reviews mentioning bending or creaking, etc.  Well, the only cheap thing about the device is the little hatch cover for the microSD card, and that's something that I only use once or twice to add/upgrade the microSD card, and is otherwise not noticeable.  Everything else about the brushed aluminum and the glass cover is very solid and well built.2. I have had no issues whatsoever with Honeycomb.  The apps in the Android Marketplace are mostly written in Java (unless the developer ported a C code via JNI), and personally, Java is not my prime choice when it comes to robustness or process-intensive programs (although Java has much improved over the years).  This simply means that if you're running graphics-intensive programs such as games, or are number crunching on your tablet, etc., you are bound to see occasional lags and glitches.  That is often not the fault of the Android platform, which is a modified Linux kernel with the Java code running on the Java Virtual Machine that runs on the kernel.  Developers and savvy users can and do port C code for Android apps that can address some of the stability / speed issues (however, a poorly-written C code can be far more problematic and less efficient than a poorly-written Java program).  The one advantage Apple's Cocoa framework has is limiting development to Objective-C; however, I found it to be a pain in the a** to work with, and I think most younger programmers would also prefer developing in Java (while the old-timers prefer C), so either way, Android has better prospects IMHO.My apps are almost entirely my favorite open-source programs that I have ported over after a few minutes of modifying some basics, thus skipping the annoying "free" but ad-ridden (and perhaps malware-ridden) market apps.  (There are some very good quality ad-free, free apps in the market, but not that many yet.)3. The interface is excellent.  I find it very responsive and precise overall.  I do have a stylus pen I had bought for iPad2, and I use that to avoid getting finger grease on the display while watching movies, etc.4. Start up speed is ~10-15 seconds from a cold start.  If you put the device in sleep mode, the wake-up is ~1 sec.5. Battery lasts exactly 7 hours with WiFi on, videos / music playing, and multi-tasking.  It is true that other tablets provide more juice (iPad2 ~10 and I believe Galaxy, Xoom and Transformer are also supposed to be higher), but A500's better quality speakers, LED flash, lower actual price tag (not the hypothetical price tag on the other products that end up being much higher in reality due to 3rd-party price-gouging), etc., make the lower battery life less of an issue.6. The cameras are descent, having an LED flash is handy for taking pictures of documents, the microphone quality is good enough for Skype in a quiet room, the weight is less than a typical book, and unless you are suffering from some age-related disease (like another reviewer had complained), the tablet will not "slide out of your hands by being to slick."If 3rd-party vendors start providing high quality, custom-fit covers for this product, then it would perfect in nearly every sense.