About the Archos 43 (I have the 16gb version), in one sentence: If it were a woman, I would ask it to marry me. It is the PERFECT synthesis of size and usability. The screen is just big enough to use without a stylus (although I find using one a little easier), and the unit is just the right size to keep with you in your pocket so you're virtually never without it. On top of that is Archos' fabulous generation 8 operating system. In my opinion it is extremely well built.The screen is resistive as opposed to capacitive (such as on the larger A70 and A101 models), and is not quite as sensitive and accurate as its larger siblings, but for a 4.3 inch screen it does the job just fine. Although you don't NEED a stylus, I find that I make a lot less typo's and false 'clicks' if I use one. And since the screen is resistive and not capacitive any old stylus will work, as well as any old adhesive screen protector. Perhaps the only one complaint I have about the A43 is that Archos didn't put a self-stowing stylus in the unit.Great camera for video or stills--unlike the A70 and A101, it's on the back of the unit, where anything other than a webcam should be. The A43 is light as a feather, and holding it for long periods in one hand is no problem. The speakers are as good as one could expect from a 4 inch tablet. There is a MicroSD slot for adding up to 32gb of additional storage. It has a mini HDMI port which I have yet to test, so more about that later. From what I understand, the micro USB port (which, BTW, is the only port for charging the battery) can be used with most any USB storage device, given the right adapter. It does have a stereo headphone port and the output is very good quality.In my opinion, the operating system is a 10 as far as operating systems go. The OS seems almost completely bug-free to me. Every once in a while there is a little lag, but if you keep you apps open they won't have to get cached everytime you open them. Like with Windows, sometimes if you press a button before the last press gets processed the system bogs down for a few moments, but you soon learn not to do that anymore. If it ever does freeze up completely, which it has once or twice within the month that I've owned it, you can press and hold the power button for 10 seconds to reset it (don't worry you don' lose any files like you would on an iPaq). With the latest firmware update (currently Archos version 2.3.26, a version of Android 2.2.1 or Froyo), you can adjust the maximum processor speed from 1ghz to 800mhz to a slower setting which I am guessing is somewhere around 600 or 700 mhz. However, if you're concerned about battery life, don't be. I can go several days of using it off and on before needing to charge it.All in all, the A43 is a terrific little tablet. I also have an A70 with a 250gb HD in it, which I think is fantastic, and if I had to choose a favorite I would pick the A43 hands-down. Nowhere else will you get a better combination of compact size, innovative design, reliability, and usability (not to mention VALUE). Kudos to the A43.