I pondered the idea of a tablet for about 2 months before pulling the trigger. My first question was, "do I really need a tablet?" I have a desktop computer, a laptop computer and an iPod Touch. Is a tablet necessary? No, it's not. I believe there are few people who actually "need" a tablet. However, there are many, many more who will get function, use, joy, happiness and entertainment from a tablet. The Kindle is a perfect size to carry with you. I found it fits in a cargo pants' pocket! Get one of the cases on Amazon and it's a joy to carry, even easier than an paperback. In conclusion I decided I didn't need a Kindle Fire...just not necessary. But for under 200 bucks???? It's a no brainer, you have to have it.Next, which tablet? Well knowing what I know now, you have to have the Kindle Fire. I check my email on it, I surf the web on it, I can send texts on it (all of course while connected to the web, and who isn't?), I have my photographs on it and I am a photographer. I have music on it both mine and internet radio from all over the world no less)I play games on it, I have a multitude of progams on it that help with my day to day activities of life! Is this thing useful? Oh Yeah...and for under 200 bucks, its a no brainer.How does it work? In a word, well. All these thousands of reviewers can't be wrong. Maybe there are a few disgruntled users, who through user error or who may have gotten a bad sample write nasty things...and the apple fanboys who dis it. This Kindle rocks. It does what it is advertised to do and more. The development team is responsive. There was a problem with kids buying stuff..well they put parental locks on the machines. The Kindle Fire team rocks. Amazon is a name you can trust. Even though I bought my Kindle at Sams Club..figuring if I wasn't happy I could return it easier...cost me more that way though. I am NOT returning this Kindle Fire. It just works....and did I mention it only cost 200 bucks.What do you get for four times the cost of a Kindle Fire? More memory...do you need it? Probably not. I use the cloud for many things and some data does reside on the 8 Gigs in the machine. I probably won't fill it up. You get a bigger screen, and bulk. You get more apps, I have all I need in the Amazon store. There are more everyday. You get 4g, if you need it get it. Yes, you get a faster processor, but no where NEAR four times as fast. I mean you can't beat this with a stick for 200 bucks.Yes, I looked at all the reviews on Amazon and the tech sites....You gotta love the Kindle. It just does what you want it do. OH AND DID I MENTION BOOKS????? Wow. There are many free books, many books you can get directly from the public library (my personal killer application), and books from Prime. Don't get me started on prime. For way less than 7 bucks a month you get a great deal. Just look it up, 2 day shipping! Books to borrow. Movies to watch, special deals.....I mean prime is choice...BTW you get a month free..so that brings the Kindle price down to 193! Holy cow. Which is one reason why that magazine that "reports to consumers" gave it a best buy rating...and only one other tablet got it...it wasn't an apple.Are you excited yet? You should be. And for the price of dinner for 8 at a good restaurant you can be awe struck by the Kindle. Don't wait for two months like I did. Get it now. You won't be sorry. You'll thank me and you'll want take my family of 8 out to a great restaurant, it's not necessary.