I just got my Le Pan a few days ago and upgraded the firmware via download and instrux on Le Pan's site - very easy process.  This tablet is very zippy, I have run Netflix, YouTube and other videos and so far, flawless and beautiful.  Photos have great color and sparkle.  I do not see anything better on the market as far as screens go, I put in on par with the Ipad screen.  Really, it is that good!.As the other reviews state, the touch sensitivity is high, which I like.  Some have complained about it being too sensitive, but I think that is a strength, not a weakness of this tablet.  The sound is fairly good - use headphones/earphone if you want it to sound great.  The size and weight is perfect for me.  Response switching between applications is very good.  I understand it is single core 1Ghz processor, but I have not run into hangs yet. Instead, everything so far is smooth as silk.The makers say that it is Android 2.2 with no upgrade path to 4.0, which may be a deal breaker for some, but not for me.  According to the spec requirements of Android 4.0, this tablet falls within parameter of upgrading to 4.0.  Maybe it is just waiting for someone who knows how to create a Le Pan Android 4.0 upgrade if we root our device - hint, hint...  Regardless, for me, 4.0 would be nice, but all of the functionality and performance I currently need in a tablet is here, Flash 11, fluid videos, easily readable full web sites (not confined to mobile sites for view-ability), games -even 3D types, reading apps galore, 9.7" screen for a price that is the same or less than other 7" bigger name companies.The unit appears very solidly made and it is a pleasure to use. I wish I had found this months ago as it would have saved me a lot of wasted time shopping around. So to sum it all up, knowing that this is Froyo 2.2 based and may not have an upgrade path to 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich, if that is ok you, that I would extremely highly recommend this as an excellent tablet for a very good price (I purchased for 199.00).I think I will be enjoying this for a long while.***UPDATE *** CAUTION***I think I am going to return this unit after all.  I enjoy it and feel a little sad over it, but after I wrote this review, it began to lock up/freeze on me and at one point I had to try to reset it 3x before it would reset and reboot. Even with its many strengths and nice price point, it is not worth the frustration of dealing with that.  It could be signs of more trouble to come and I would hate to have a brick after warranty ends.  I may try again with the Le Pan II when it comes out, but a locking up and freezing tablet just won't do...