After comparing several Android tablets at a local store, I decided the numerous full-sized ports on the Thrive was too big a feature to overlook.  Thrive didn't have the best looking display (that title goes to the Galaxy tab).  The Thrive's display seems a little washed-out compared to the Galaxy Tab, but it's not a bad display by any means.  In fact, if you didn't have a Tab next to it for comparison, you probably wouldn't even notice. The body is also a little thicker than the other tablets but not ridiculously so.  Besides, I'm not particularly obsessed with getting the thinnest possible tablet.  I'll let the Voss water drinking crowd obsess over aesthetics and thinness, I just want a good performing tablet.  The rubberized back offers great support, something I found lacking when using my iPad without a case.  By the way, this is not an iPad replacement, it's a companion; same way I have an iMac and a PC.  I figure I'll get the best of both worlds and the Thrive definitely delivers on the Android side. The pricing is also aggressive as I paid 99-cents more than the price of a Kindle fire for this during an Amazon Black Friday lightning deal.  Factor in a high-speed 32GB SD card for roughly $38 and I'm rocking a 48GB 10.1 Android tablet for well under $250.  I realize that is special pricing but it does make purchasing this that much sweeter.The Honeycomb Android OS is fast and responsive, although still not quite as fluid as iOS.  There is that occasional lag which I attribute to all Android devices.  Any Android owners willing to be truthful know exactly what I'm referring to. I compared performance  among several Android tablets including the Thrive and tablets from Asus, Samsung, and Lenovo.  The Thrive was just as responsive as the others.  Based on what I've found, I don't think there will be a noticeable gap in performance among Android tablets until the Transformer Prime is released soon.  I also hear the Android Ice Cream Sandwich OS revision is supposed to address a lot of performance issues and make the Android OS smoother. The only question is if it will run on all of the current tablets or if everyone will it require beast tabs like the upcoming quad-core Transformer Prime.  In the meantime, Honeycomb is mostly stable with only the slightest of occasional hiccups and the Thrive functions well with it.  The cameras are standard fare, meaning nothing to write home about.  The front facing is adequate for apps like Skype, Google+ or other videoconferencing needs.  The rear camera takes higher resolution snaps and HD video but I still have no plans to ditch my dedicated digicam or camcorder.  The ports work as advertised.  This feature is AWESOME!!  Toshiba even includes a built-in file manager, so you don't have to buy an app to explore files on external storage or the device itself.  The ports make it much more laptop-like than the other tabs.  Plug in a flash thumb drive and view files, photos, etc.  use a full size HDMI cable to play HD content.  Stream Netflix or anything else via the HDMI to a large screen HD TV.  So far, YouTube, Netflix and video streaming work fine for me on the Thrive.The Thrive has a removable back panel (which can be swapped with optional different color panels) and a replaceable battery.  I don't really go for super-long stretches away from an outlet, so I doubt I'd need a spare battery, however, it's great to know that if battery life suddenly shortens or it doesn't charge properly (as I experienced with my Android phone in the past), I can replace the battery and make it goods as new.The Thrive might not be the thinnest, sexiest, or even most powerful Android tablet, but for the price and the features, it's the best geared toward power users looking for real connectivity options.  I'm satisfied with my purchase.