I'm not a tech guy. In fact, I generally loathe having to deal with computers and technology. Unfortunatly, since I own my own business I spend a large part of my day sending e-mails, processing orders, and doing book keeping, so much of my day is spent interacting with technology. I also spend a good portion of my day on the road, and until recently I had to lug my laptop around. Whenever I found down time, wherever I was, I'd have to bring it out, wait for it to boot up, log on to the internet, get my work done, then wait for it to shut down. It got the job done, but it was heavy and awkward to carry around, and uncomfortable to use in the car.I'd been considering switching to a tablet for a long time, and when I finally decided to go ahead and make the switch I researched every tab on the market. I spent a lot of time testing tabs at the electronics stores. Some just weren't very intuitive, and getting them to perform required more effort than I was willing to invest. Some were choppy. Some seemed to crash every 5 minutes.The one that always operated beautifully was the Ipad 2. Unfortunately, my business requires that I watch videos my clients send me, and the lack of flash support worried me. Ultimately I decided I could use the Ipad on the road and watch whatever videos I couldn't get to play when I got home to my computer.Set up was very easy - and I'm not the most computer literate guy. Downloaded Itunes, plugged the Ipad in, and it was up and running. Within an hour the lack of flash support became annoying... Then I did a bit of research and found an App for $4.99 that allowed me to view flash on my Ipad flawlessly! The Ipads one limitation was solved for less than $5.00! Now I have Apps that simplify every element of my business. Maps, record keeping, creating documents...The Ipad is wonderful to travel with. Day to day, on the road locally, it is light and slim, easy to take with my wherever I go. When I need to access records or check my e-mail I no longer have to wait for my laptop to boot up, with the touch of a button my Ipad is up and running, and on the internet moments later.The battery life is stunning... It keeps me entertained and/or productive on long flights, and in hotel rooms in unfamiliar cities.I very rarely use my laptop since I got my Ipad. My Ipad does everything my laptop did for me, only it usually does it faster and easier. In fact, the main thing I wish I could change about the Ipad is the fact that it needs a computer to sync with (though it only needs to do this very rarely)... I wish it were a completely independant device so I could just set my laptop aside completely and let it gather dust.The Ipad isn't 100% perfect. The camera isn't impressive at all. Watching flash requires downloading and using a seperate web browser app (I generally use Safari, overall its a better browser than the flash enabled one. When I run into a flash issue, I copy the address, open the Photon app and paste the address there) It's slightly annoying to have to take the extra steps, but it's not a huge issue.Overall, I couldn't be happier with it!