I purchased the Velocity Cruz Tablet T301 expecting to have an E-READER, as well as a light, internet tool to play with around airports, public spaces, etc. when I couldn't be near a computer. I will have to say, I have fallen IN LOVE with this Tablet! I commute on a daily basis downtown, so I am very happy that I was able to download all my books on this device. (You have the KINDLE app and BORDERS app included on the device) The only bummer is I can't seem to get the NOOK app to download on the device, so if you love Barnes & Noble that's something to think about. (I even went on freewarelovers.com and it allows you to download the link, but it won't finish the download once on your device.) Speaking of freewarelovers.com, this website has TONS of cool free Android apps to download that are super easy to install, I have downloaded a lot and continue to see more updated daily, so make this website a favorite because you'll be using it a lot! (Anyone know any other cool websites to download from???)The tablet is very fast on the internet, and has great colors and clarity for websites, as well as an awesome zoom capability! Also, one cool thing to note with the Kindle App is you are able to make the screen white, sepia, or black (for night time reading) as well as highlight sentences which can open up the dictionary (already installed) while reading to let you know what something means, as well as add notes to certain sentences if you happen to be studying, reading something of importance, etc.All in all, for the price it is, I would have to say I am VERY satisfied with my purchase. I wasn't willing to spend $400+ for a tablet, I just wanted a good machine that would allow me to read my books from multiple e-reading sites, as well as allow me to go on Facebook, Email, and any other websites!! This tablet has allowed me to do that, and a bit more! :) I have also downloaded the PANDORA app, so it's very nice to listen to music while reading and browsing the web. Speakers sound nice!!! (Headphone plug as well)Cons: At this moment, we are not able to get on the Android Market, so you are cut off from certain apps because they are connected to that Marketplace. (Hence freewarelovers) I'm hoping Velocity will open that up because that would be awesome!! Also, no flash player, I believe you have to find an app. to play videos on-line. Saw a few for youtube, etc. just haven't put on my Tablet yet. Also, as stated before, no NOOK app available for this yet. (Even tried putting it on SD Card and transferring to Tablet, will not work.)Pros: Great size, awesome e-reader capabilities, fast internet, all websites are colorful/detailed and will fit to the tablet screen (not small websites that are hard to read), cool apps, long battery life. (Mine will last about a week, and that's both reading for about an hour everyday, and surfing the web for an hour everyday. Can go longer if WIFI is turned off.) and cheap SD cards you can buy to have a larger file if you feel that 8GB is too small.Anyhoo, Hope this review was helpful, I know that I was very nervous to buy the Tablet after a few reviews I read. But I can tell you, I think you'll be very surprised and pleased with what a great little purchase this is. And again, if you're looking for an IPAD, this is not it. (Has similarities.. but not it at all.) So if I were you, I would either spend the money and get the IPAD, or spend less and get this item without the disappointment or regrets. :) Happy Shopping!