My wife just bought an iPad 2 and I had the Transformer Prime (Android Platform).  I have researched for quite a long time before I bought my Prime (since returned) and actually had THREE Android tablets that all just did not cut it for me.  If you are on a lower budget, than certainly there are MANY Android tablets out there.  If you have the funds, I highly recommend the Apple iPad 2 as it is about the the best "overall" tablet out there.  Whether you like Apple or Steve Jobs history or politics, the iPad 2 really is a quality machine.  Nothing is perfect, and nothing will please everybody, but in comparing devices, I now have the experience with both platforms and will pick iPad as the best of the two.  For the average user, that being the non-technical, non-programmer type, and the person NOT looking for a tablet to replace a PC or laptop, the iPad 2 is a wonder.  Yes, it sure has different operating system and is "closed" compared to Android.  Yes, it does not support Java or Flash, but these are small issues. If you MUST have Java or Flash, or "hate" Apple, then no matter what anybody says, you will not like any reviews of the iPad 2.  If you are a regular "Joe" or "Janet", then read carefully all of the reviews and see that the iPad is a great unit if you can afford the extra dollars.  In a few weeks, the iPad 3 is likely announced and the prices for the remaining iPad 2's will likely decreases.  When that happens grab one immediately.  Of course, if you have the money, might want to consider the iPad 3.  People seem to get personal about an Apple product, either love them or hate them.  I have no bias, I own an Android Phone and will likely keep it.  I own an Ipod Touch and will probably keep it.  Since I have an Ipod and have had one for years (since they came out) I am familiar with iTunes and the iTunes Store.  If you are one of these people, you will find the interface of the iPad 2 familiar to you. Almost every application I used on the iPad 2 (my wifes) as compared to the Android devices was better.  Yahoo and SKYPE Video chat was far superior.  I did not use the camera on the iPad 2, but then again, a camera on a tablet is of NO importance to me.  Ease of use and quality are, and I choose (now) the iPad 2.  I simply like the Apple OS on a tablet better than Android. A huge difference I found with the iPad 2 over Android, is that with the default Android Sync program, I could not SEND an email from my exchange.  I could RECEIVE only.  After finding this out, and searching online, it is common issue and you need to download a third party SYNC program to accomplish this.  The iPad 2 works flawlessly out of the box sending and receiving exchange emails. I almost bought an iPad 2 in the beginning, and after three different Android units, am certainly going to purchase the iPad (2 or 3).  Things might just work out better anyway now, that a new iPad will be announced shortly.*****update: I did purchase an iPad 2 on March 7 after the price was lowered by $100. I can safely state again that this is a fabulous device and I highly recommend. If you want a quality built tablet that can do pretty much all you would need, see if you can pick up an iPad 2 32 or 64 gb one before they are all gone.