I did a lot of research and even played with a few iPads before making my purchase, so I was not too surprised by its performance. I mainly got this because I can't wait another 2-? years for my job to decide how they're going to let us carry electronic publications. The iPad works great for that function, especially using GoodReader which I find to be superior to iBooks in a number of ways.So far I haven't been disappointed using it as an internet device in my home and offline in most other places. Overall it is basically what you expect: an oversized iPhone with similar features. Web pages look much better than they do on the iPhone, but there's still no built-in flash support. Angry Birds is a lot more fun on the iPad's big screen.One thing I don't like is the email presentation. It basically uses the same iPhone-sized strip overlayed on a full screen message display. There's no way to just be looking at your inbox or other folder; you have to always be looking at an email. It's a minor annoyance, but different than I have my email setup on every other system including the iPhone.I was also surprised to learn that the iPad is still on iOS 3 (so much for my research). I spent over an hour trying to create app folders on the device and in iTunes before I realized the iPad doesn't have that ability yet. I'm disappointed with the number of apps that expect you to re-buy just to increase the resolution enough that full screen looks good. Most apps like that I continue to use in the small, iPhone-size window that opens by default or I put up with pixellation and hit the 2x button. I didn't realize how quickly I'd gotten used to iOS4, but now it's annoying when I click a link on one website that opens a new window, and upon returning to the original site it has to completely reload instead of saving my previous position. Hopefully iOS4 will be out this month for the iPad and it will function more like my iPhone.If you're going to throw your iPad in a flight bag, I recommend the Otterbox Defender case. It was covered by the tax savings I enjoyed by purchasing from Amazon instead of Apple. The case offers a lot of protection, but like its iPhone cousin makes the ports less accessible. You have to remove the back panel to access the charging port, and not all headphones are able to reach into the headphone jack. My wife and I wanted to watch a movie together using a y-cord, but it wasn't able to fit without me removing the top half of the case.Overall I'm pleased with the unit so far. I could have waited for another solution (Google Pad, maybe?), but as Apple's already big in our lives and my work is likely moving to this unit, it was the best choice for me. If you're thinking of buying an iPad, I don't see why you'd buy anywhere but Amazon. Their list prices match the Apple store, but they add no tax or shipping charges. Tax in my area is 10% so I saved $70 buying from Amazon instead of Apple.