Fist off this is not an Amazon purchase. Sorry Amazon, but it was cheaper at my local department store. Second, I will not compare this android tab to a ipad!!! Thats just stupid, IMO. Oranges and apples. One thing is all apple stuff cost more for comparable products. I dont buy over priced apple products.Ok as for the Android tabs, this one is a winner. The new processor is lightening fast!!! I multitasked, played Netflix, and loaded the thing and its speed held great. Its touch is very responsive. Its res is great too. For the buck, 249, at most department stores and electronic stores, it beats the competitors. The only way to get better is to pay more.There is no expansion slot but with 32 gigs its not really needed. You can Mini-USB it to  pc for file transfer with no prob.It rotates to landscape with no need for an app.Jelly bean is a winner and all new Androids have it so that doesn't need a review. The tablet is made well. It feels sturdy in the hand. The off button and volume are located nicely on the side but toward the edge so they dont get in the way.Its a small tablet with a small voice so sound isnt great. The speakers are tiny and dont carry much.But...plug in quality earbuds and the sound is great!!! MP3's sound the same as on my Sony MP3 player. Streaming movies are clear and sound fine.The tablet streams youtube and netflix with no problem at all.There is no rear camera. I dont know how the front facing camera is because I never use it. I didnt buy it to take pics nor to use it as a webcam.Being a google approved product apps are not an issue. Once you change your permissions in settings for other apps, it excepts Amazons apps too.The battery is good. About 3-4 hours video streaming, heavy web surfing and downloading, a good 6 with web off, playing games and reading. (Turning off the auto brightness helps save battery. Indoors I keep it adjusted to extremely low and only manually crank it for outside.)In sleep mode, I don't know how long the battery last as it barely moves after hours of sitting. I haven't had it sleeping long enough to compute it. It moves a little sitting over night but not enough to matter.Wifi is great!! Gets a full signal from my router better than my xoom. My xoom will have a partial full signal icon while my nexus has a fully filled signal icon, at the same distance from the router. It finds the signal quick too when I turn it on after having it off. No lag.I like that its uses mini to reg USB for charging as any phone AC charger works too. No need for special cords. It also charges connected to a netbook, laptop, or pc.The feeling in your hand is nice. The back isnt slippery, it has just a little bit of grip(texture), enough to help hold yet be smooth, but not slick. I never feel like it will slide out of my hands. Its weight is fine to me. Not so light it feels like hollow cheap plastic junk and not to heavy it feels like a brick. To me its just right.So for 249 and the processor it has and the gigs....its a big bang for the buck.I cant find anything neg with this tablet.If you want tv hook up and a ton of extra frill then plan to spend a lot more money for a tablet pc like the larger xoom, thrive, or galaxy. For the basic 7in tablet, this one beats the rest in the line. And no, Android doesn't support flash. Thats an Adobe issue not a product issue. As for apps, between Amazon and Google Play you can find anything. You just have to know how to look for them in the store app.And unlike kindles, and cheap end tablets, and all pc's, no bloat ware and no in your face ads on the out of box system.So I recommend the google nexus7, 32 gig. Its just a really nice, well layed out, well made, fast running tab.