I bought the T-Mobile version because it has more internal storage (16 GB vs 2 GB) than the other networks' versions, but wirelessly tether it (for free) to my HTC EVO on the Sprint network and avoid a monthly bill and a contract.  I did a ton of research and spent a lot of time deciding between the two before I made a final decision on the Galaxy Tab vs the iPad.  I played around with each device for several hours and went through each and every feature with a fine tooth comb to ensure I was making the right call.  Here are the highlights of what I found:At first, I much preferred the bigger screen of the iPad vs the Galaxy tab.  It seemed to generally make the web browsing experience a little better having the big screen and bigger keyboard.  However, after using the two extensively, I ended up liking the smaller, more compact Galaxy because the iPad is too big to type two handed by holding it, and it is too small to type on like a regular keyboard.  With the Galaxy tab, you type on it like you would a big cell phone, which isn't a bad thing...it makes it easier to two-thumb type when holding vertically which is difficult to do on the bigger screen of the iPad.  The smaller, more compact design also makes the Galaxy easier to carry, as it fits easily in my suit pocket, and even the pocket of a pair of jeans.  Ergonomically, after extensive use, I think most would find the more compact Galaxy much better and comfortable.Then comes the operating system.  I find the iOS that runs the iPad is simpler and generally more responsive and smoother than the Android OS that runs the Galaxy Tab.  For many people who just want to get to the point, they may appreciate the simplicity of the iOS.  However, I much prefer the Android OS for the same reasons I switched from the iPhone to the Evo with the Android OS.  iOS is very bland, boring, stale, and juvenile compared to the Android OS, which in contrast is FAR more capable, customizable, and fitting to personal use.  Apple controls everything on the iOS and locks everything set in stone, making the experience very plain.  Android OS however makes the device unique, and personal which I love.Some features that are on Android that are not on the iOS are:Expandable storageFree navigation built in to the phone with google maps (seems useless if you have a navi in your car, but this works so much faster and easier to look up addresses and POI's...I use this exclusively over my car's navi because it is much faster and easier to use)One-touch navigational shortcuts.  Touch one button to go home, work, airport, wherever you defineWidgets.  These are icons on the homescreen that provide shortcuts to just about anything on your phone, such as your clock, weather, calendar, wifi, ringtone profiles, favorites for calling (see picture)True multi-tasking.  Apple has made an attempt to do so, but doesn't compare to the integration that Android has done and allows for multiple apps like skype, pandora, etc to run in the background.Customizable in so many ways, but most importantly in ergonomics like customizable keyboards which makes the overall experience more fitting to individual typing styles, finger sizes, etc.Better integration with facebook and google accounts...all mail, calendar events, and contacts in one place and synced wirelessly to your phone and updated with facebook pictures and statusReal file management.  Allows you to cut, copy, move, delete files as you would on your computer.  Very important for working on the go or just to manage your files.  This combines great with apps like dropbox where you can sync all of your files together between computers and mobile devices...Very easy to unlock features such as wireless tethering...normally a $30/m feature, but easy enough to unlock on an Android device.  POSSIBLE to unlock a similar feature on iPhone, but with bluetooth tethering vs wifi.  Also doing so on an iPhone is much more difficult and dangerous since iphone is built to be unlockable in every way, whereas android is built to be easily unlockable and customizable.Open-source operating system:  This is where the fun begins and allows users to do all sorts of jazz like overclock, install custom operating systems, etc.  Of course, MOST won't bother with this, but the open source is what drives innovation and features from concept to reality.  This is why the gap between features on Android OS and iOS is growing exponentially.I am surprised that Apple's OS lacks the features that Android OS has, because Apple's Macintosh OS is known for having the most features and customization of any other OS, however, their OS on their mobile devices have by far the fewest and blandest features of the competition's OS on the mobile platform.Nonetheless, the Android OS, and thus the Samsung Galaxy Tab, is packed with much more customization options and features than the iPad and was the clear choice for me.