I have bought it for substituting my laptop when I am lazy to open that or when I am traveling and I need no a real computer. I have also though to use it as ebookreader for special cases (primarily PDF magazines, or handbooks). Now, I am still in the discovery state. But, it is difficult to tell some new issues about a one year model This is a refurbished, 32 GB model, and this is better than expected because of the write only external SDcard. I also bought some accessories: USB network adapter (Plugable USB 2.0 to 10/100 Fast Ethernet LAN Network RJ45 Adapter (ASIX AX88772 chipset)), Moko holder, some cheap pens, and a screen protector. The tablet works as expected, but it has some serious weaknesses. The battery life should be longer, now 4-5 hrs seems to be not the maximum. Difficult to find the switch on in dark. The USB slots and power slot could be better on the side and not the bottom (portrait mode). As an ebookreader it is not a good choice. I usually go to sleep in 15 mins of reading due to the lcd screen. Multimedia works nicely, even the quality of speakers is acceptable. The touchscreen works well with fingers. With pens there are challenges, but that might be rather a sw issue than the tablet, because some programs uses it smoothly, some others not. The G sensor works nicely, which is particularly important when USB network connection is used. The camera function is a joke. If you want to use the full resolution you have to pay for it! And, it is strange that message is hidden now (because of no other option, I would pay for it). GPS works nicely, although the voice direction could be better. Some linux options (like console, ssh, etc., at least on a non rooted machine) are not really working, but I do not know this is how much tablet specific and how much android. The registering of tablet icon is useless. It is a one time activity, but link (icon) removal is not obvious. The four screens seem to me not enough and perhaps user created extra pages would be useful to avoid the very crowded screens. There is no free office suite (I know that it is not this tablet related). This is a real problem, because sometimes it would be nice to correct something (presentation or doc). The nonfree programs do not worth the price at all (none of them!, based on the trial versions). I have tried the bloated one also (read only mode is free) but that is worse than a bad joke, I surely will not buy it. Free apps for taking notes (as pictures) are nice and easy to write by hands. The virtual keyboard is less convenient. It is difficult fond a good PDF reader too. It is necessary to mention some Toshiba related issues. Fortunately, I have not needed to contact with the customer support, so it increases positive points. But, there are issues what are reducing the satisfaction. It is full with bloatwares. Without rooting they cannot be removed. The SD card is mounted as read only. And still Honeycomb and not ICS! These are very disturbing. I cannot believe that at Toshiba only so bad sw developers are working, who have not been able to port ICS for almost a year. And now it is still a promise only. But, it might happen that that some stupid managers are in the background, and for them the selling is more important than the users satisfaction.  The Toshiba market is strange and probably useless. I could not deduce its purpose. The only free program what I downloaded as test, does not run. Because of the irresponsiveness of Toshiba for software versions I do not expect more from the nonfree programs, too. Accessories: The USB network adapter is nice, although there are places to improve it. It is recommended for everybody for the case of  non wifi network. Moko holder is worse than expected and described by users. It seems to me that is a little undersized by 1-2 mm. Without alternatives, it is recommmended to  buy the cheapest one. I did not expect too much from the pens (not Toshiba, < 2 USD), but those are at least completely filled. Some sws are well working with them, some others not completely, but as a pointing device it is OK, writing fingers seems to be better. Although, I ordered and received a screen protector too, I have not mounted it. First I want to get experiences as is. Finally, the screen is from glass, and normal use cannot cause damages. Briefly, I am  very happy to have this tablet, and I do hope the problems mentioned by others will not appear. The four stars is due to mentioned bloatwares and not up to date OS.