I've used the Fire extensively for a few weeks, and I'm happy with my purchase, but I'd highly suggest waiting for the next version. The Fire right now is a neat device at a cheap price, but it's not ready for prime time.The good: it's a low-price tablet with access to lots of apps and Amazon content. Reading books and documents or watching TV or movies normally just works. I wish they'd put a little more RAM in so that streaming was less choppy, but if you have a good internet connection you'll rarely have a problem.The bad: The excellent hardware is let down by the obvious Apple Inferiority Complex in the Amazon Interface Design Department. Put simply, the desire to do "world winning" design has led to a lot of annoying interface decisions, such as:1) The Carousel.  Whose idea was it to create an interface that takes up over half of your home screen, cannot be easily customized, cannot be removed and actively makes it harder to start programs? The Carousel has a very hard time differentiating between the a swipe and a tap, so actually launching an application may take a few attempts while you wrestle with your chosen icon. You can't turn the Carousel off, and you can't remove any book that you've purchased from Amazon. In other words, your entire reading history is visible at the swipe of a finger. The Carousel violates so many rules of good interface design that I can't imagine how it got green-lighted.2) No folders. iOS has had folders for a few generations now. Other Kindles allow you to put content into folders. Android allows folders. The Fire? It gives you absolutely no way to separate light reading from serious fare, business documents from leisure content. This makes it particularly less useful as a tool if you have a lot of content.3) Crazy keyboards. Each program appears to be able to choose from a variety of keyboards. Unfortunately, some of the keyboards lack important keys, such as the not-so-commonly-used "enter" key. Wunderlist seems to have pulled its app from the Amazon store because users weren't able to add tasks without the carriage return. And it's not the only app that I haven't been able to use because the keyboard lacks a key or two.4) No Google Apps. This one is really inexplicable, like leaving iTunes off of an iPod. The built-in email application reminds me of Eudora circa 1998, and I wish Amazon had spent half as much money on it as they did on the Carousel. If you use Google applications to organize your mail, calendar and contacts, and had the expectation that an Android tablet would synchronize with your life, prepare for absolutely avoidable disappointment.Many of the design decisions appear motivated by the desire to sell content, and Amazon does make it very easy to buy new movies, books and apps. But Amazon has crippled what could be a great multi-purpose tablet. Using the Fire to do anything other than purchase content can often feel like work.My guess is that the next version will address the issues above, allowing users to limit (if not remove) the Carousel, put books into folders, etc. But until these problems are addressed, I'd stay away, because there's no way of knowing if any potential Amazon fix will come in the form of an OS upgrade for the current generation, or the release of a different tablet.