Electronics have become part of our everyday life. They help to define who we are by being a source of connection to the world. An iPad is what has been my connection and has transformed my life exceedingly. It also enhanced every aspect of my life in many unique ways. My iPad 2 is reliable, family/school friendly and has also served as a memory book for me.Apple has been in existence for decades, since 1976, and has grown to become our apple and nutrition of the day providing us iPhones, Macs, iPods and iPads. Apple has become a very trustworthy brand. Before I purchased the iPad on Amazon I needed to confirm that it was going to be worth my time, effort and money. I was blown away by the results of the reviews it had obtained throughout the years. Most of the reviews had given it a five star rating. At that point I knew I needed to buy my iPad 2. I anticipated its arrival anxiously because of the great qualities the product had. In the end, it was everything I had imagined it to be.My brothers fell in love with it as much as I did, or possibly even more. I started exploring my iPad, downloading games and taking pictures. I am amazed at how much one little device can calm and contain children. I have four hyper active brothers and sisters and my iPad has worked miracles on them. They all sit down and as one quietly plays on the iPad, the others patiently wait for their turn. Before my siblings would be jumping and running around everywhere, yelling and fighting about everything. After that point my mom always carried my iPad and she is now buying one for herself. My iPad has become very helpful when it comes to school. I can take notes on it. I complete my homework on it.as type up my essays; watch instructive videos, take educational pictures and much more.  It also converts to a television on weekends. The screen is big enough to watch movies on it, browse Netflix and watch almost anything else. I have grown an emotional connection with my iPad and if you have a family or go to school, I know it will be the perfect product for you as well because it has the capability of helping one though any struggle that may arise.Not only is it an amazing device because of the things it can do but it is also easy to carry around. It is very portable and lightweight compared to carrying a laptop. A laptop does not have the same durability as an iPad. The iPad will hold many memories; it will be like a digital scrapbook that you can easily access and always retain. The iPad memory is what preserves those special moments with your pets, family and anything that is very dear to your heart. The iPad may be purchased with different types of memory according to what it will be used for. Also because it is so transportable it has a great battery capacity, making the life of the iPad longer. Lastly, the iPad's 2 cameras will capture many memorable and wonderful moments. The camera captures clear and vivid images that will last a lifetime.My iPad has been a huge focus in my life. I believe it will be a long lasting item that I will not become bored of or toss in the corner like another abandoned electronic. I will always feel confident in recommending this item and what better place to purchase it than Amazon. Amazon has everything for a better, cheaper price; it is dependable and has the option for fast shipping if needed. My life truly has been blessed by this prodigious electronic. I agree with most people that this item deserves a five star rating. It has been two years since I have bought my iPad and I continue to be a very happy costumer, and will continue to be a consumer of apple products in the future.