UPDATE TO DECEMBER REVEIWI have finally been able to download EPUBs from my library. I went to the Overdrive Media website and clicked the option for Android which allowed me to download the app. But even with this I could not bring a book into the reader until I stumbled upon a screen that had a place to enter my adobe certificate. You need to have a certificate from adobe through their adobe digital editions. I had set one up on my computer but could not remember what it was. I went into the adobe website and clicked the "Forgot" sign on/password. Once I had this I entered it in the reader and can now download books from the library.One neat thing in the web browser is the "star" to the right which will bring you to some bookmarks already set up. Places like ESPN, NY Times, CNN, Facebook, etc. and you can enter your own. This makes it real easy to go to your favorites. One restriction is that you cannot have more than 10 windows open at one time. But you can always close some which will allow you to continue. Interestingly, I was reading a book about IPADs and they have the 10 window restriction as well.Videos are a problem and so are PDFs.ORIGINAL REVIEWBought this in December.There is no question it downloads ebooks extremely well from Borders. The WIFI connection for the internet works without any problems and the speed is good, almost as fast as an IPAD.But try downloading an epub book from your local library and chances are this reader is not one of the "supported" devices. Our library uses Overdrive as the software to download epub books. The Cruz is not one of the supported devices. The whole thing with each ereader on the market having their own propietary software makes it difficult to perform this task. On the other hand, Overrive should be written to be compatible with the various softwares imbedded in ereaders. There needs to be some standardization but it seems each reader wants to be the leader and we are the ones who have to live with it.Also, a selling point of this device is the Android operating system, but forget about downloading apps from the Android Market Place. It will not work. Cruz advertises there are plenty of apps. I have found very few to download, and the apps I found are bare bones and not very useful. AND they have to be located on the device's internal storage, which has limited space and so you will need to carefully pick and choose the apps to download. The device has some apps showing on the menu screen, but if you decide to install them be careful of the space they require. The app for the dictionary will take up a HUGE chunk of the resources. I uninstalled the app after I started receiving messages that I did not have enough space.Another limitation is that you cannot open PDF files. This was a big disappointment to me because I have a number of technical manuals that I would prefer to have available on the reader.Overall, if you just want an ereader that works well with the Borders download software for ebooks, and you are just looking for a good device to get on the internet, then this reader will be fine.