I don't know what might have happened to some people I've read in these reviews or what they may have had the expectations of, but this is an ansolutely superb little tablet.- Build quality is excellent. Very solid, doesn't feel like you are going to break it like many tablets. No fear of 'going at it' with your fingers, hands, thumbs, etc. Power supply and accessories seem well made. Nothing shoddy. Case is obviously a mid-range item, but still nicely made. I think the way it clips into the case may be where some of the 'unresponsive buttons' complaints have come from. Clipped into the case you will occasionally find that the buttons close to the clip will have to be pressed more firmly - I think it is actually holding the device a little too firmly and causing some issues with the sensitivity. Out of the case it never fails, loosening that clip a bit and it now never fails in the case either.- Smooth as butter touchscreen. No lagging between touch and drag, pinch and zoom, etc. I do notice that the built in browser is a bit laggy on touch and drag if pages are laiden with graphics. None at all in Opera or Boat... Boat just rocks.  (perhaps trying to pinch and zoom before pages or maps are loaded? Absolutely no problems here)- Slow??? No way. 8 apps open. 2 3D games, bluetooth headset still connected, 2 browsers (Opera and Boat both set to Desktop), Gmail, Market, Task Killer, App2SD and Live Wallpaper all going simultaneously and it FINALLY started to show a TINY bit of lag switching between apps, but would STILL be smooth once you are inside of whatever app. Just friggin' awesome.- SIM phone/internet. Okay this is just the deal maker. I use AT&T; 'Brand X' - had to fix up the APN info a bit. Presto! Internet anywhere I go and wicked fast anywhere a tower supports it (most places). Phone calls are crystal clear. Connected to my Samsung earpiece without any hassle beyond ticking 'Bluetooth' to enable it and touching the button on my earpiece. Done. Voice recognition is much better than I thought. 'Call Home' and it calls home. 'Call Escalation Center' - no problems.- Supplied case is very handy although I have a bluetooth keyboard/case on the way. Looking forward to trying that out.- Battery life is ridiculous (in a good way) for this size tablet with this much running.  (Bluetooth always on, regular phone and web use for talking to the boss / support and updating / closing cases throughout the day. I still have about 1/4 charge left. Just touching the orange zone. This has been about a 9 hour day so far. Granted that's not solid videos but seriously... my laptop had to be plugged in at least once in the day. This is nice.)- No flash support? No problem. I hope flash dies a painful death as soon as possible. If you really desire it then use Skyfire browser - it converts flash to HTML5 for you so no problem. I personally don't miss it for what I use it for and I can still enjoy all the YouTube I can eat.- For all of those who think Keyboards or Mice won't work - BLUEINPUT - download it, install it, pay the man his very well deserved 14 bucks or whatever. There is no device I've come acros it won't hook up to. Including this tablet. Now that I own one I can verify that two cheap china keyboard have already worked no problem. He has a 16 day free trial so you can try and believe before you buy.- If you buy this tablet and don't like it, then you bought it for the wrong reasons (expect it to be a HD video machine which it isn't) or something is wrong with it.Anyway I could keep going on about this little guy and bore all of you to death but in summary - this tablet does everything I was hoping it would for my job and an incredible amount more. I am very surprised by what it is capable of and I am very glad I bought it. I would encourage others to investigate all of their options as I have now found some good refurb units out there much cheaper, but this is still well worth the price no matter what.Enjoy!