As many of you know, the computing world is being infiltrated by a small horde of tablets - including the Motorola Xoom, Samsaung Galaxy Tab, and the infamous iPad 2 by Apple.  While these devices are relatively new to the market, there are a lot of choices to be had.One of these choices is the ~$400 Iconia Tab A500 by Acer, an Android tablet which delivers in style, power, and includes a competitive price tag assuming you're willing to give up a 3G mobile connection.Like many other selections out there, the Iconia sports a shiny 10.1-inch capacitive touch screen and no physical buttons to be seen in front.  It's just enough for the simple yet advanced interface of Android Honeycomb, which is at version 3.0 on startup.  On the sides, it has a volume rocker, a lock/unlock button, and a plethora of different I/O that I'll go over in a second.  The device itself feels very durable and solid, with a brushed aluminum backside featuring an Acer logo and stereo speakers.  However, a downside for some people could be the above average weight at about 25 ounces.On the inside, we have basically the same stuff as you'd find in other high-end tablets of the day.  At the machine's core is the nVidia Tegra 2 processor, which is dual core running at a standard 1GHz.  Hackers should be aware that this can be clocked much higher after installing custom software.  The Tegra 2 not only provides some snappy general performance, but impressive graphics as well.  I was surprised to see how well 3D animations rendered under Android, in games especially.  As for memory, the Iconia A500 has a gig of DDR3 RAM.  Note that I said DDR3.  Most other tablets only have DDR2, so there is a slight performance edge here.Overall, the Iconia pars with (if not supersedes) the power of all of the other popular tablets out there such as the iPad 2 or Xoom.  So, if you want performance for the price, this could be a smart buyer's choice.As for the I/O (ports for input and output), there are the basic things you expect with most tablets - including your power connector, 3.5 headphone jack, micro-HDMI port, and a microUSB port.  However, something that impressed me was the inclusion of a FULL SIZE USB 2.0 port.  This allows you to plug in all sorts of peripherals such as external keyboards, mice, and USB flash drives which will indeed allow you to manage files across Honeycomb, so long as the drive isn't formatted NTFS, although I haven't tried ext4 yet.  Mouse functionality in a touch screen device is gimmicky, I would say, but the keyboard connectivity isn't a bad idea, especially if you purchase one of those tablet cases which integrate a small keyboard.  There's also an extra microSD card slot covered by a metallic flap on the side, which can help if the tablet's internal 16GB storage (technically, another microSD) doesn't suffice for your needs.  If anything, the full size USB port is what sets this tablet apart from others in terms of sheer connectivity.Like mentioned before, the Iconia Tab runs Android 3.0 Honeycomb from stock condition.  However, you should upgrade to 3.1 and 3.2 as soon as you can (it will alert you automatically), because software compatibility and speed increase dramatically with the new and matured versions of Android.  Acer was generous enough to provide some extra software including a multimedia player, an ebook reader, and a social media app.  None of them are special, although the media player is convenient at times.  The operating system runs fast and quite smoothly, and provides a great web experience.  There's nothing quite like enjoying a browser on a touch screen this large and responsive.  There are a number of games and other apps available on the versatile Android marketplace, which you can add to yourself if you were so inclined ;  And of course, this tablet does not include a 3G connection, Wifi only, guys!Overall, I love the Iconia Tab A500, and I'd recommend it to anyone who wants a portable computer with a touch screen.  There is one issue I will point out though - it seems that the tablet likes to run in landscape view a lot more than portrait.  In top-down view, the whole system seems to slow down a bit, and the aspect ratio is a bit awkward, which only goes to show, the thing was meant to be held in landscape view, although you can turn it in any which way and it'll automatically adjust the screen to be right-side-up.Pros: Fast, Long battery life, Responsive touch screen, Great operating system, full USB port, costs only $400 - significantly less than competing models of equal power.Cons: Heavier than most tablets, Works much better in landscape view, no 3G connectivity.