I thought of all the reasons why I wanted a tablet and here are my top 5 things:Easy access to Internet Browsing and emailsWatching VideosReading Books/ComicsCasual gamingAround the holidays I wanted to find the best tablet and after googling "next generation tablet" lured me towards the Asus TP. There is no doubt the specs on the TP sold me so I preordered it.After getting my hands on the tablet, I immediately thought it was the best tablet on the market. The look and feel of the tablet in person is definitely better than that of the iPad 2.I borrowed my dad's iPad 2 and started running tests.Browsing:On honeycomb, browsing on the TP was horrid. Slow loading times and clumsy navigation was frustrating. Scrolling up and down on google's chrome browser was very choppy. Pictures and texts seems come in and out as you scroll on certain websites. After upgrading to Ice Cream sandwich a few days later, the browser experience was noticeably better. Scrolling is very fluid, but not as clean as the iPad 2. Loading times was still an issue.Screen:The brightness of both screens are comparable. Asus is a bit brighter at peak settings, however whites look much better on the iPad 2. iPad has clean true whites as opposed to TP's off white. The TP's whites makes text and other images less vibrant when browsing the internet. Movies and comics on the ASUS prime was amazing however. The colors and details we're very crisp. I think TP beats iPads screen here.App Store:The android app store does not have a tablet only section for apps. Most of the android apps are made for mobile use. The apps made for mobile are upconverted to fit the tablet screen size which degrades the quality and look of the app. The VEVO app for example plays HD videos made for a 4 inch moblie screen. When that video is blown up to 10 inches, the video becomes a blur and colors are washed out. The apple app store has tons more tablet apps and an organized section to browse them.OS:Android has it's benefits but not nearly as refined as iOS.What ultimately pushed me to return the tablet was the recent news that ASUS admitted the design of the TP was flawed which caused the wifi and GPS issues (metal backplate interference). My wifi connection was very weak which contributed to the slow web browsing. GPS worked for me but was not accurate. When I googled my location on the map, it was off about 200 ft. ASUS also announced that a new TP would be released with the wifi and GPS features being fixed. The new TP would also have a higher resolution screen.Overall I feel the ASUS TP is a good product on paper, but it was clearly rushed to meet the holiday rush. The specs did not deliver on all levels because android still has issues it needs to refine and Asus dropped the ball on the design which caused wifi and gps issues.