I never write reviews since there are more than enough people who are happy to post their opinion about an item.  I'm writing this one since this is by far the biggest technology disappointment I've ever had, and I want people to avoid making the mistake I made by going for a brand new shiny unproven product that has been hyped up so much that it had me drooling over it for months.  If you purchased a Prime and got one of the good ones, or if this is your first tablet and you think it meets your expectations.... great... good for you... enjoy your tablet.  I, on the other hand, got one of the many devices plagued by numerous defects.  After researching tablets for over a month, I purchased an Asus Transformer TF101 for my father.  When I configured and set it up, I was highly impressed and I believe it to be one of the best tablets out there for the money.  This made me drool over the prospect of getting a TF Prime for myself.  With all the glowing reviews from the geek sites, I figured why not treat myself and get the best out there.  I placed my order in mid December knowing that I wouldn't receive it for about a month.  After Google's Ice Cream Sandwhich OS was released for the Prime, I got more excited and started reading all the reviews about how it was functioning for users who already upgraded.  That's when I came upon numerous reviews complaining about poor GPS, WiFi connectivity, and ICS causing issues.  I hoped that this would not be the case for me.  After all, my new TF Prime had not been stocked yet, and Asus would have already started addressing the issues and have a solution in place by the time mine stocked/shipped.  Unfortunately, this wasn't the case.  Upon, receiving my TF Prime, I was indeed impressed by the stunning look, feel, weight, and screen.  I charged it up, and downloaded ICS update.  No sooner than the tablet downloaded ICS did it start to freeze, reboot every time I tried to open a standard app like the camera, 1 inch horizontal black lines plagued the screen, slow internet for the 20 seconds I was able to browse the web before it rebooted, and it litterally was unusable.  I am a technology guy so I know it wasn't a user error of interrupting the upgrade to ICS while it was loading or doing something like rooting it before upgrading... or any of the other basic mistakes most people make when they complain about their devices not working properly out of the box.  When I called Asus to troubleshoot, yes - they were nice, but NO they could not recommend any fixes for me but to do a factory reset of the item... which I had already tried 3 times and which made the issues worse.  They told me that I could send it (out of pocket of course) to the Asus repair facility, and it would be 'fixed' but not replaced with a brand new one unless it was truly in a state in which it could not be repaired... so great... best case scenario is that it is completely defective (hardware) or else I just paid full price for a refurbished model... in addition to the fix of replacing the back with the TF700 plastic back to 'improve on' the GPS and WiFi issues... they said they only had grey backs and not the Champagne... so again, great.  It's like bying a red Ferrari and finding out the carbon fiber hood makes the thing slow and clunky, then having them tell you they can replace it with a new plastic Orange hood that doesn't even match the original color.  Anyhow, I've returned my Prime to Amazon for a full refund... and now I see that they've jacked up the price on these by $115????  What a gip... and to find out that Asus is now launching the TF700 series near the end of Q2 with the only real enhancement being the front facing camera going form a 1.2 to 2.0 Mega Pixel and the upgraded screen resolution which is nice, but on a 10 inch. tablet is a bit much and a huge battery drain for an extra $100 that they will be charging for the 16GB model.  I might hold out for the TF700 which I'd recommend anyone cosidering a Prime, but then again for that price, I might just buy an original Transformer TF101 series, and get a docking station all for $350 less.  Asus dropped the ball on this one... and being in Software/Hardware Quality assurance business myself... I can tell you this whole launch reeks of Asus going on a complete money grab with a FUBAR release schedule, numerous missed deadlines, rushed manufacturing process to get these out to meet the demand caused by the buzz, ZERO QA on the machines being pushed out, and then realizing they've failed massively and as a result rushing to launch the TF700 in hopes people will forget what a huge bust the TF Prime was.  If I'm and Apple marketing person, I'm using Asus as prime example on why customers should by an iPad 3 and not believe the hype that other tablets are catching up to them.... and that is hard for me to say being that I'm not a fan of Apple products.  I know even the best company occasionally has a few an occasional issue with one of their products, but I've read so many reviews and similar cases in the transformer/Asus forums that I know this isn't one of those isolated cases.  Again, save your money... go with an original TF101 with docking station for $450 or wait for the TF700 - 16GB for $600... or if you must have a tablet now look at the Samsung Galaxy or something along these lines...