After doing much research and having tried all the premiere tablets on the market, I landed on RIM's BlackBerry Playbook. I tried out the iPad 3 and I was not terribly impressed.  It felt very fragile in my hands, like it could break if I squeezed it too hard, the speakers truly suck as they sound tinny, and these are problems are significant given the money Apple charges.  I have a BB smartphone and I have always been impressed at how well-made their products are.  This made the playbook a no-brainer for me...I had no idea just how superior it is...the QNX processor is lightning fast and can easily manage several open windows.  You can edit word documents, spreadsheets, and it has flash player which iPad does NOT.  The screen and video camera is HD.  I opted for the 64gb model, as the price difference between the three sizes is negligible so it's worth it to upgrade to 64gb.  Though, with cloud storage, for most people, 16gb is probably plenty.  The touch keyboard is exceedingly comfortable and the most intuitive I have ever used...it really does learn how you write and anticipates your word choices.  It has a port for a micro hdmi cable so you can enjoy your downloaded content on your hdtv.  I bought this cable (sold separately)for only 4 bucks on amazon.  The PB is comfortable to hold as the build quality is immediately apparent.  It does not feel like it's going to fall apart if you drop it.  The processor is faster than any laptop I have ever used. The web browser is like flipping pages in a book.  If you have BB phone...it open up a flurry of additional features called BlackBerry Bridge.  The bluetooth connection syncs the two devices so you can manage appts, contacts, view, receive and reply to your text messages using your BB smartphone as a transmitter.  Your phone can be used as a remote control when watching a video or listening to music and you can browse the website for your phone's keyboard...it is a really amazing set of features...and best of all you can use your BB phone's data package to use 3/4g connectivity if you do not have access to to wife/hotspot so you do NOT need to sign up for a data service.If it seems I am gushing over this product, it's because it's that good.  So those of you who may think BB products are out, this will remind you as to why BB has such loyal fans.  And finally, it is simply priced...nowhere else will you find a tablet of such superior quality, enormous storage, awesome features, great versatility (ideal for home and work) and just plain fun for the jaw-dropping low price as I purchased it for slightly over 200 bucks (reg 700). Do not waste your money on the iPad...RIM has outdone themselves with this tablet. Outstanding product.Note: just to recommend some accessories to maximize your enjoyment...make certain to get a case of some description...there are many which come with a bluetooth keyboard built in...I opted for the Otterbox Defender as I have 2 year old twins and this case can take a beating and perfectly preserve your tablet. It has a built-in screen protector and a tough outer protective layer.  Its an amazing case which provides a complete solution.  I also recommend a micro hdmi to reg. Hdmi cable and extra charger. Getaway good quality case for it as it will eliminate the need and cost of an extended warranty/service plan for it.