Toshiba made a choice to design this tablet with features that are common on laptops, but less common on tablets, notably a user replaceable battery, full-size SD card slot, full-size HDMI and USB 2.0 ports.  These design choices increase the tablet's thickness, which make it chunky when compared with Apple's iPad 2 and Samsung's Galaxy Tab, but also increase its versatility.  If an ultra-thin tablet is what you're looking for, look elsewhere, but if you're interested in inexpensively increasing your tablet's storage by using the full-sized SD card slot and making use of standard USB mice, keyboards, thumb drives, and external hard drives with your tablet, then the Thrive could be your best choice.  Another way in which the Thrive is more like a laptop is that it is charged using a 30W power brick.  One advantage is that the Thrive charges very quickly, about an hour from empty to full, much faster than most tablets.  Another advantage is that the power brick has a long cord, so you can charge your Thrive while using it up to 12 feet (3.5 m) away from an outlet.  The disadvantage is that you have to use the charger that comes with it, you can't recharge it from a computer's USB port or other USB charger.I purchased a 128 GB SDXC Card here at Amazon, which when combined with the Thrive's 32 GB internal storage gives me 160 GB (a little less after formatting) of storage for all of my apps, data, documents, music and movies, substantially more storage than even the most expensive iPad or Galaxy Tab, neither of which is upgrade-able.  I have also tried plugging in a 1 TB portable USB hard drive and a wireless USB keyboard and mouse combination and all of these work perfectly.  Note that the Thrive does not support NTFS formatted SD cards and hard drives, they must be formatted as FAT or exFAT, which is easily done using a Windows 7 PC or a Mac.  If you already have an NTFS formatted drive or SD card with files on it that you want to use with your Thrive, you will have copy the files to another device, reformat it, and then copy the files back, which can be inconvenient and time consuming.  If you buy a new drive or SD card to use with your Thrive, be sure to check the format first, and change it if needed, before copying files to it.  The HDMI port also works well, mirroring the Thrive's screen on an HDMI equipped television or monitor.  Mirroring has worked on all of the apps I've tried, including streaming video from Netflix, and using the stock browser to stream Amazon Video on Demand.Toshiba has pushed out several system updates since I bought the Thrive, most recently upgrading to Android Honeycomb 3.2.  All of these updates have been deployed smoothly with no issues to report.  No word yet on if and when Toshiba will make Android 4.0 (aka Ice Cream Sandwich) available on the Thrive, but hopefully they will release this update in a timely manner.  Toshiba includes several games and apps of limited value (at least to me) which can't be deleted from the tablet, although their shortcuts can be removed from the home screens.  Two apps that Toshiba provided are very useful, one is a file manager that allows you to browse and make changes to the Thrive's file system, and can be used within the Thrive's internal storage, an installed SD card, or any mounted USB storage device.  The other useful app is the Toshiba Media Player, which, as expected, can play videos, music, and photo slide shows, but it can also act as a DLNA player, which allows it to stream media from any DLNA server, such as a NAS or a Windows 7 PC.