The iPad is a wonderful device that will meet some users needs, but not others. It is running a more powerful version of iOS 3 made specifically for the iPad, making this device very, very quick and snappy. The iPad is great for reading books or things like gaming, but it could not replace a laptop. Sure, it has things like iWork, mail, calendar, Safari; It already sounds like a mac, right? Wrong. The iPad isn't a mac, but it isn't an oversized iPod touch. It's right in the middle.Hardware:The iPad has a large 9.7 inch display, which is multitouch, can display HD video, and will not disappoint. The majority of the front of the iPad is the screen, so you get the best experience possible. The iPad comes in WiFi or WiFi+3G flavors, which both have options for a 16, 32, or 64 GB hard drive. One major flaw is the lack of a camera, on the front, or back. If they had one (which will most likely be added in the next iPad), they could have "Facetime" on the iPad so you could video chat with other iPhone, iPad, or possibly iPod touch users. The iPad is also equipped with a 1GHz Apple A4 processor, a built-in speaker, and a 3.5 mm headphone jack. All the Apple standards.Software:The iPad is running iOS 3.2 (iOS 4 this fall) which is a customized version of the OS found on the iPhone and iPod touch. The experience is very similar to that on the iPhone, and that's a good thing. The iPad can run all the iPhone apps on the app store, plus all the iPad apps. That means that the iPad could do 225,000 and counting things. You can expect to see everything you've seen on the iPhone on the iPad, just blown up with more features (note: there are a few apps missing on the iPad, such as Weather and Clocks).iBooks:iBooks is an app by Apple that allows the iPad to be an e-reader and view books, magazines, newspapers, and pdf documents. The advantage of the iPad's e-reader is that it can display color photos, newspapers, magazines, and pdf files. The advantage of something like the Kindle 3G Wireless Reading Device, Free 3G + Wi-Fi, 6" Display, Graphite, 3G Works Globally - Latest Generation is that you can see the screen as if it were a real book; no light comes out of the display. They both do the same thing, its just that the iPad does 225,000 more things plus a bigger color touchscreen. You decide what the better choice is.Overall, the iPad is a great device. It is made for many things, not just one, but it does them all well. The iPad is great for use of someone such as a mom, who loves reading books or needs a little help in the kitchen (Hello, Epicurious app!). I've used the iPad for quite a while now, and am not disappointed. Just remember not to expect a laptop, but more of a new type of device. I would recommend it to anyone.