I did a lot of research and decided I wanted this tablet in the 16 gig version.  Storage options are so easy you don't need to go the full 32 gig, but I was a little uncomfortable with just 8 gigs.  I also bought the sleeve case, the screen protector and the stylus.  The sleeve case is fine, unlike some I had no problem applying the screen protector, and the stylus is a must.  Fingers work fine but often hit the wrong spot.Battery life has proven to be very good (eight hours or so) and the included software is decent (some of which you may want to delete).  There is a slight lag when using the onscreen keyboard, but we're talking about a 1 gig operating system and 1 gig of memory.  This isn't your souped up laptop in a smaller package (yet), but does fine if you don't want to haul around the full lap top.  It goes where you need to go and is much more easily transported.The Android system is getting there.  It's not quite ready for prime time, but it works reasonably well and I would have to believe it improves greatly over time.  Available apps at this point in time are limited and some of them get horrible reviews.  Apple and Microshaft had their start up problems too.The quality of the video is very acceptable.  It easily plays high quality video from MSNBC and other similar sites.  The full size USB and HDMI ports are nice, and an acceptable reason for the thickness of the Thrive.  It also feels very good and solid in my rather large hands, offers the option of different colored backs, and here's the biggie, an easily field replaceable battery.  Batteries are around $70 and easily replaced for an almost unlimited amount of time using the device if you keep a couple of extra ones charged.Here's where it absolutely falls on it's face.  No one expects miniature speakers to sound good, and these are fine for what they are, but you do expect to plug in a set of phones or earbuds and get some satisfaction.  Not so with the Thrive.  There is no power at the earbud/headphone jack, meaning you can't get enough volume for satisfactory audio levels.  I have very good hearing, and it's really, really bad.  In a noisy airport environment you won't be able to hear whatever you're watching.  I'm going to get around that with an inline headphone amp, but this is absolutely the worst feature of this otherwise very nice tablet.  How Toshiba screwed this up is beyond me, but it is what it is.Using a thumb drive requires that you reformat it in ex(FAT) before it will work with the thrive, but I did that on my laptop last night, then downloaded an MPEG4 movie to it and it plays fine.  There are several little things like this you have to work around while Android evolves.In all, I like my little Toshiba Thrive.  I wish I didn't have to have an outboard amp for my earbuds, but right now that's about the only thing I would really complain about.  It's very user friendly, easy to customize and it travels well.  I bought it on Amazon for $399.  I bet it's down to $100 by next year, if it's even still in production, but I can use it as is and hopefully enjoy it for a couple of years before the 50 gig, quad pro devices show up for $300.UPDATE:  I received a Boostaroo headphone amp today and the volume problem is solved.  I'm using Sony MDR-NC22 earbuds with an impedance of 20 ohms power on and 8.5 ohms power off, so it isn't a high impedance issue, it's a problem with the Thrive power output at the headphone jack.  Now I'm thoroughly pleased, but Toshiba should have known this was a problem.