I don't at all mean for that title to be disparaging.  I'm an old timer and just got the Kindle Fire as my first E-reader.  I'm really thrilled with it, and if you're looking for a very nice gift for a retired person who doesn't yet have an E-reader; or even someone who already has an E-ink Kindle; this could be it.I've had my eye on a Kindle for a long time, but was waiting for a color version.  As a 6-year Amazon Prime member, the wait was obviously for one from Amazon.  Being on a small fixed income, I wasn't ready to give up going to the thrift shop and picking up a few books for a couple of bucks in favor of slightly-reduced prices on new books via the Kindle.  However, with the Kindle, I have a handy reading device on which I've already downloaded a few free books. Today I made my first purchase, a ninety-nine cent deal of the day which looks very intriguing.  I've also borrowed a new book I wanted; but considered too expensive; from the Amazon Kindle library.It was amazing to me, upon clicking "music"; where I expected only to find the few music downloads purchased from Amazon.com; to find that all the music I've downloaded to my PC from CD's was already available on the Kindle, and my PC wasn't even on. As the sound quality is less than stellar, and there's no Bluetooth with which to connect it to my bluetooth-enabled hearing aids, I'll stick to my PC and Ipod for listening to music.  I don't know yet whether downloaded movies have closed captioning -- a must for me even with excellent speakers.Though it's certainly easier to use Facebook on the PC, the Kindle will work on it for a fast login while out of town or from a local wi-fi eatery on those all-too-frequent days when my DSL line is down.  It will be so much easier than lugging a laptop around.I do look forward to playing games on the Kindle, but the main reason for purchasing it was as a book reader, and being able to download a book instantly is well, gratifying. I enjoy Prime for getting books in two days.  This is right now!The screen is easier on the eyes than a PC screen, and very comfortable for reading in bed.  My husband loves that I can now read in bed without turning on the bright overhead light.Having not used touch screens before, I'm still feeling my way around, and will be reading much more of the excellent Managing Kindle manual on Amazon.com. The on/off button at the bottom of the device drove me crazy at first, as in just holding the Kindle to read I accidentally turned the Kindle off about every 30 seconds.  Fortunately it can be turned upside down and the text turns with it.  This completely solves the problem of the on/off button by putting it at the "top" of the device where your finger doesn't accidentally travel.Oh, another reason to get this for grandma is that the font can be enlarged to make it much easier to read for folks with impaired vision, which a lot of us elders have.  The default size is fine for now, but in a few years...I'm not saying this wouldn't be a good gift for younger people too (well maybe not teens; who would would probably prefer the much-more-expensive Ipad) but for people who love to read, those who don't have unlimited room to store bulky books, or who like being able to get books inexpensively and instantly, this is a life changer. It's an E-reader with delightful bonuses. I love it, and your mom, dad, or grandparent may too.