My lovely and kind daughters bought me the ipad2 as a birthday present October 2012. In brief you can love 50% of what the product has to offer and you can hate the other 50%.Strengths: excellent video quality and simplicity ? Docs to Go works fairly well, but not without glitches particularly if your desktop crashes and has to be reloaded. No way to sync the existing "good files" That,is supposed to be "apple easy" ?Book reader capability works pretty well. I can listen to mp3 audios or lectures and sermons. But it misses a continue listening where I left off feature. Battery life is decent.Conns: Absolute torture for the over 50 years old crowd. NO usb; TO MAKE ANYTHING WORK OR BE USABLE YOU HAVE TO purchase Apple apps on apple's terms.To get initial questions answered I drove 100 miles to the nearest Apple store in Augusta, Georgia on three separate occasions and once there, essentially had to listen to the "prepared class" rather than learn how to make the ipad2 immediately productive.If you want to the ipad2 to do anything productive, you have to install "apps". Pay us and pay us and pay us. Many of the "free" ipad apps are very buggy. You are left to read user's reviews and "try" out the app which can make you waste 2 hrs of your time because it is not a properly written app and "hangs" or crashes. Then you have to "jump through hoops to get it off Itunes or it will remain on your ipad2. If you have to uninstall it, you waste more time.As I said 50% of it is "slick" and 50% of it needed three years to get the biggest "bugs" out of it.Safari browser is a difficult and cumbersom adjustment for Windows users. The E-Mail program requires you to relearn EVERYTHING Apple's way. Sound will not automatically play in many or most videos because they are tied to quick time. So now you are forced to buy other apps which may or may not play the video you just stumbled across.APPLE ITUNES IS AN ABSOLUTE JOKE. IT IS WRITTEN FOR YOU TO BUY STUFF FROM THEM PERIOD ! The first page that pops up is begging you to buy their songs or videos.Simply tranferring existing mp3's to the ipad 2 requires you to jump through hoops and waste an unbelievable amount of time.Documents to Go works fairly well unless your desktop crashes and you have to reload your desktop. Then, you have no way of simply "syncing" the existing files on the ipad2 to a new desktop. An absolute pain in the xxs and waste of time!There is NO seemless way to transfer existing password programs to take over in Safari. You have to buy the apple offerred program and I DID NOT find it easy to use.Video HAH ! Video plays beautifully BUT ONLY ON THE IPAD. Try and transfer the video elsewhere and you face aggravation. I downloaded the latest quick time to my computer and the download video file (through the cable) WOULD NOT PLAY.As I said aggravation. Would I buy one again or recommend the ipad2 ? No. There are cheaper alternatives out there that cost less money. For the money spent here I could purchase a 14 or 15 inch windows laptop computer.Born in 1947