First off, I would like to say that this Tablet is everything I've ever hoped for and then some, I have absolutly NO complaints what-so-ever with this baby, and after the price drop for only $379 you cannot beat it!With that said...  There are so many reviews on here for the Playbook (all the bad reviews seem to complain about one thing, the amount of APPS, just craziness!), there is not much to be said that has not been said already, so I'll keep this simple, basically give the reasoning behind my decission to go with the Playbook over other Tablets/laptops...  About 4 months back my "Acer ONE" laptop crapped out on me, and I've been saving for a new laptop ever since. It's been a hard 4 months, as I have been stuck using my Ipod Touch 1st generation to surf the net while at home, which BTW has NO Youtube or Flash on it (it had Youtube but no longer works on it anymore!)!  Well, about 3 weeks back I finally saved enough and began surfing the net for the best laptop/netbooks on the market.  When I started my search for a new laptop, the only thing I was looking for was a laptop, thats all I had on my mind.  The main things I was looking for was a fast browser, the laptop/netbook must be small (9 to 10-inch screen or so) for potability, a decent amount of memory, a nice camera, and must be powerful enough to play movies and stream content without glitching up on me.  While researching a couple weeks back, I decided to take a look at Tablets, thinking to myself that something like my Ipod but with a bigger screen would be absolutly perfect for what I was looking for!  I must have looked at every Tablet on the market before deciding on the Playbook (The Acer Iconia, Moto Xoom, Ipad 2, etc), I even went to Best Buy just to test them all out, and in the end it was a no-brainer, the Blackberry was the Tablet for me.  While there are some good Tablets at a cheaper price then the Blackberry, the main advantage the Blackberry has over them is Power, the camera/video (1080p video recording), the OS interface, browser speed, the size (portability), and more Power!  I was amazed at the OS on this tablet, it is AMAZING!!!  My favorit feature of this is to wake up the Blackberry, you simply swipe from the top edge down, and it turns on the Playbook! While there is a button to press inorder to turn off/on, you do NOT need it, a simple swipe of the screen does everything now (watch some of the Blackberry Interface video's on Youtube, you will see the beauty of the OS in it's full glory!)!  I can now record video's in full 1080p and watch them on my TV with micro HDMI connection (only $5 bucks for a micro HDMI cord here on Amazon), when I am at home I surf the web on my 46-inch Samsung HD LCD Screen through my Blackberry Playbook, I watch movies, etc, all on my TV! :) I can now take wonderful Pics where ever I am without my Samsung Camera on me, the Playbook does it all!  This Tablet is tiny, but the screen is sooo perfect in size, it is bigger then I expected!  I was thinking that the screen was gonna be just a tad bigger then my Ipod Touch screen, NO SO!  It looks more like 4 Ipod Touch screens put together, just the perfect size to read and watch movie's without having to squint. I am not a big app freak (never been), so the apps that this Playbook does have suit me just fine (Although RIM has stated they are adding apps daily, this is there first Tablet, so I do give RIM the benifit here).  My goal now is to get me a Blackberry phone with a Internet plan, this way I will be able to "Bridge" the phone to the Playbook "at NO cost" and go on the internet on my Playbook anywhere there is a Cell Phone signal, so my fiance can be driving down the highway and I can be surfing the web sitting right next to her! :  The awesome thing about this is you do not have to pay for a seperate plan for the Playbook, you simply buy the plan for your phone and Bridge the connection to your Playbook, and BINGO, internet everywhere! :D  I also bought a "Defender Case" for my Blackberry Playbook, this case protects like you would not believe! If you decide to get this awesome Playbook, the Defender case is the only way to go!  This case is sooo tuff, You can run over the Playbook with a car and there won't be a sctratch on it!  Look up "Defender case for Blackberry Playbook" here on Amazon, and check the reviews. There are also video's on Youtube which shows the strenght of this case. There is nothing better then this case to protect your investment.  With all this said, I am beyond happy with my Playbook, I could not be happier!  If you are looking for what I was, just get this baby, you can thank me later. :):)