This is my first tablet so take my review for what it's worth.  I've had this baby for 4 days now.  I decided to get a tablet mainly to entertain myself during my commute...videos, games, web browsing and reading.  Carrying around my 3 lb Sony laptop was getting cumbersome with everything else I carry in my bag.  So the size of a tablet became more appealing not to mention the fact that almost everyone on the bus either had a tablet or a reader...peer pressure! It is a 2 hour commute each way o_O Keep in mind that I've been a blackberry user for many years and just recently my job gave me an android phone.  So I started experimenting with android apps and grew tired of pinching, zooming and squinting. I considered an Ipad but didn't not want to be restricted to paying for apps and I hear transfering music from multiple devices to an apple product is a headache so I leaned towards an android.  I also considered the bb playbook but the android market is not available "yet" on that.I am a big fan of Sony.  My Sony laptops last FOREVER. So naturally I leaned towards the Sony over any other android tablet.  I purchased mine directly from Sony. As much as I love Amazon I could not pass up the deal since it came with $200 worth of accessories for free and 12 month interest free financing.Pros:+I love the way it looks and feels in my hand.+The audio and video is amazing...it is a Sony after all.+The responsiveness to games like labyrinth is smooth.+The touch screen is responsive.+Not sure yet what the advantages are that it is a PS3 certified device...I do have a PS3 sitting on my entertainment center collecting dust along with the rock band equipment so maybe there's something I can do with it.+The size is perfect for what I use it for, any bigger in terms of screen area and well I might as well use my laptop.+Battery life is good. I haven't bench marked it but like the fact that I can watch a 2 hour movie, play games and browse all day with it holding a charge where my cell phone would die right after a movie probably.Nuisances:-It takes about 3 to 5 seconds for the Sony logo to appear after pressing the power button when turning it on.  Once I pressed it to turn it on, thought I didn't press it long enough, pressed it again and again and a screen appeared asking me to confirm restoring the device to factory settings.  So now I know to wait a few seconds.-The volume controls are too close to the power button.  I was watching a movie and wanted to adjust the volume and instead pressed the power button.  You get a confirmation pop-up when pressing the power button to confirm but still annoying.-The little door thingy for the SD card and USB port is so unnecessary IMHO and hard to open and get out of the way to insert a SD card.-I've had several apps crash on me but I think that's more due to the app then the hardware I am reviewing...-Charging port is weird.  Would have been nice if it was the standard Sony power port found in their laptops...I have a ton of those power supplies but I am not an engineer so maybe it HAD to be different and weird??So that's it so far.  Hope it helps you decide.  If I remember I will come back and give an update after using this for a few months.