First off, the coby kyros is one of the most inexpensive android 2.3 tablets I've come across (and actually got interested in). I bought it for about $130-$150 here on amazon. I've had it for about a year now, and there are some flaws (major and minor), but there are also some really good ___ of the Coby Kyros.Disadvantages:1) Doesn't have the google play market.. if you were expecting that, you will be HIGHLY disappointed. However, it does have its own market (called GetJar).2) The market it does have doesn't have too much apps. Its really scarce, and only has a few awesome games/apps.3) Doesn't have a camera in the back (if you want a camera in the back, go to the Coby Kyros with android 4.0)4) Its a wi-fi tablet... which means you can't hook it up to your 3G/4G plans.5) The app that is default for the camera has no effects, it only takes the picture - thats it. You would have to install a different app if you want effects. (I recommend Vignette)6) Skype video calls are not, and I repeat NOT supported by this tablet.. this may be a deal breaker for a lot of people.7) Didn't come with flash installed, I had to install it manually (look online and solve that issue)8) The app menu looked really dull and boring, but its an easy fix if you install a theme from online.9) It looks like it has the youtube app downloaded on it, but that's really just an icon linking to the online youtube webpage.10) It froze a lot before I got to understand it - what program to run together, how many programs I can run before it lags/freezes, what apps I can install before it starts to act crazy. Haha, its a lot like getting to know a person (which buttons you can press until they go crazy at you).11) The default browser is sooooooooo crappy. Haha, its something that can be fixed by downloading a different browser (don't download "Dolphin" - it crashes A LOT)12) If you have loads of files on it, expect slow start up. I mean.. up to 3-4 minute wait before you can unlock your screen.13) The wi-fi capabilities of this tablet is actually kind of bad. Sometimes you would need to be in front of the wireless router to get full bars, if you move away a few feet, you would loose about 2 bars.. and if your a little more than 10 feet away from the source of the wireless, you will have one bar. Its ridiculous sometimes.14) Sometimes the wi-fi just disappears for no reason. You would be surfing the web on your one bar, and then POOF the signal isnt even there anymore, and all you get when you look in settings is "ERROR" - pure genius I say, sometimes I get fed up, other times I press "airplane mode" and then turn it off, and it comes back.15) There was this one time where my "back button" wouldn't work at all - I had to reset the tablet to get it to work.Advantages:1) The size of the tablet is perfect for your hands, and its super light, so you won't get tired holding it for long periods of time.2) There are built-in speakers in the back - and they're actually pretty loud.3) The camera is really clear, and comes with an app already installed for the camera.. however (see disadvantage #5)4) Its fast - up to a certain point: You can click the icon for your app, and see it pop up in less than a second - assuming you don't have too much apps/files on the tablet itself (use a micro sd card)5) Speaking of micro sd card - it supports it! Up to 32G.6) It also had a mini HDMI port, so you can connect it to your tv.7) In addition to the micro sd card, it has 4GB already installed in it. If you don't have a need for too much stuff, you wouldn't even need to buy an sd card.8) The brand is super inexpensive.9) Can easily and quickly hook up to your computer to transfer data.10) Has a cable where you can attach external memory (eg. flash drive) and its included.11 Fast start-up (when you don't have too much apps/files on it.) (if you have a lot of files on it, see disadvantage #12)so yeah, to sum it up the Coby Kyros 4GB 8-inch Android 2.3 tablet is an internet tablet that has its flaws (kind of outweighs the pros), but at an affordable price range of $130-$150 (if not below $130) it can be expected for some flaws. If you don't want the flaws, you can pay up to $300 for another tablet. I rate this tablet 3/5 stars, and I would recommend it for persons who can't afford more expensive tablets, but just wants/needs a quick tablet. Thanks for reading my review.