I'm always baffled by the minutiae that people complain about.  As computer tablets become more popular, the height of nitpicking seems to have moved into the stratosphere.Like many others here, I churned through several Android tablets (Asus, Toshiba, then Xoom) to find one that I really liked. I tried to keep my expectations aligned with the reality of yet another new gadget coming onto the market.  I don't have negative feelings toward Apple, although I refuse to pay the 50-100% premium that many of their products command.  I was going to buy an iPad, and spent quite a bit of time testing and playing with both friend's iPads, as well as at the Apple store.  It is truly sexy hardware, but the software has a toylike quality to it that doesn't suit my more geeky brain.I have an android phone, and am definitely enjoying it, even though it has its quirks.  I'm not religious about technology, nor am I brand loyal to any company. I'll try just about anything. So on to my opinions about the Xoom.Hardware:  Just beautiful, and wreaks of quality.  The fit and finish is truly premium.  It feels good in your hands.  There are some quirks, like the cheesy charging port, that is destined to break.  Also, the MicroSD card slot is about as idiotic design as I've ever seen (its like brain surgery to remove the "dummy" card and insert the real one).  I like the on off switch location, it feels good in the hand when you pick it up.Screen: Also beautiful.  I am always baffled at how people complain about fingerprints...  Its a FINGER tablet for goodness sake.  You use your FINGERS to operate it.  OMG.  Yep, its a little shiny, so there can be a tad of glare when around certain kinds of lighting.  But its really no big deal, you can just move it a millimeter one way or another and its fine.Responsiveness:  Very fast, especially now with the 3.2 update.  I just like how things work.Software:  I actually think the tablet build of Android feels smoother and more natural than the phone build does.  Its nicely suited to the enhanced real estate of the tablet, whereas it now feels cramped on the phone.  I like Motorola's corporate sync feature, which works well with my Exchange server. The Google browser is decent, syncs with Chrome bookmarks, although it takes forever.  Android market is getting better every week, and I really like Amazon's Android appstoreFunctionality:  It does everything nearly all computers do.  The touchscreen experience is wayyyy different than the keyboard experience.  I never reach for it if I'm going to type something, but use it for email reading, web browsing, and miscellaneous stuff.  Games are decent, but not all are set up for tablet form factors yet.Overall:  The Xoom is great.  Other than a couple of hardware quirks, its a stellar device.  Android for tablets is more technical than Apple's tablet software, which is one reason I'm drawn to it.  I find it extremely flexible, as well as very suitable for business use.  Its like anything else, you need to get used to any new complicated software based product, before you really know whether you and it will get along.  Android does have a way to go before its brainless like Apples operating environment, but all in all its really nice, especially if you like tinkering.