As an avid Android fan I've been longing for an Android tablet to play with since Honeycomb first came out. In the interest of full disclosure, I didn't actually "buy" this tablet as I won it as a prize in a contest. I currently have the 16GB model of the Thrive.First off, this thing is huge. It's massive. If you haven't touched it before, quick run down to a store and play with it...it's probably a lot larger than you think. I hadn't actually used one before I got mine and I was a bit taken aback by its size.  You're not going to win any beauty contests with this sucker, and it only gets worse when you add a case to it.  That being said, it didn't take long for me to get over its girth.  The battery plate's rubberized texture makes it pretty easy to hold.  And Toshiba's main claim for the girth is the addition of the SD card slot and full sized usb and hdmi ports.  Honestly, the trade in size is well worth not having to carry around separate adapters for hooking up memory cards, usb drives and hdmi cables.  The only place Toshiba misses the mark with regard to ports is the inclusion of a mini usb port instead of a micro usb port.  Not sure why they did this, but I'd much rather have the micro so I could connect more newer devices to it.As of this review, the Thrive has been updated to Android 3.2, but the one you receive may still have the original 3.1 software on it.  I'd suggest going to settings, about, software updates to download any existing updates before you get too involved in playing with this.  Also note that you'll want to do some research if you're big into rooting and custom roms, as there are reports about the latest factory update breaking some of the rooting techniques.Toshiba provides a mostly stock 3.2 experience with some added benefits. The best enhancement is their inclusion of a file manager that allows you to easily browse through the contents of your Thrive, SD card or USB memory stick.  This is so easy, in fact, that if you're price sensitive you could easily consider going with the 8GB or 16 GB versions instead of the 16/32 GBs and buy a SD card to make up the difference in space.  The SD card port and ease of the file manager makes it a breeze for managing media (essentially videos for kids in my case) on the device.The Thrive's cameras are what you'd expect on a tablet: adequate but not amazing. They're not going to replace your point and shoot, and it's a little awkward taking photos holding the tablet, but it's great for capturing a quick pic or using video chat.The HDMI port mirrors your tablet on your TV or other screen.  It's pretty much plug and play, but I've noticed that the picture quality can vary a bit.  However, this feature, combined with the SD card slot, turns the device into the ultimate picture slideshow as you can quickly display pictures on the TV by swapping out the SD card and using the HDMI out on the TV.  Note that if you do this, don't try to browse through the pictures via the file manager.  The Thrive will show all pictures on the SD card as a folder in the gallery, and this is the best place to flip through pictures. In the file manager, you'll have to click on each picture individually instead of viewing a slideshow.The battery on the Thrive is "so so" in my opinion.  It's not as great as other tablets out there, but it will still make it a good ways on a charge. The battery is actually replaceable, so you could buy a spare if you really needed one.  Also, the Thrive charges via a proprietary cable that looks a lot like a laptop cable, so you won't be charging this sucker off your computer if you forget your charger.The last thing I'd like to touch on is the Thrive's Android 3.2 software.  As of this review Toshiba has not released any date for an Android 4 (Ice Cream Sandwich) update.  I found the Thrive to lag a bit, especially when using the browser.  It's not the smoothest device out there, but there are definitely worse tablets on the market. An upgrade to Android 4 should improve this device's user experience.  The main drag with this device's software, however, pertains to its start-up/boot time. Be prepared to wait about a minute for it to turn on and be ready for use. That might not seem long, but when you're staring at that screen it feels like an eternity.Overall, I give the thrive a 3/5 rating.  It has its issues with software and size, but also some great advantages with the many useful ports. Its combination of size, boot time and battery life make the Thrive a tough sell as a commuting device as it provides few advantages over a net book or laptop.  But, if you're looking for a couch tablet that has great flexibility in storage/ports/video connectivity, and you're only planning on travelling with it occasionally, it could be the perfect fit for you.