I've wanted a tablet for a long time. I didn't get an iPad because I had just switched to an Android phone and I wanted to see how that played out. The only thing I missed about the Apple market was all the games in the app store -- but I was probably more productive and didn't waste as much time as a result.I waited for a good Android tablet. I thought about the Xoom but just couldn't pull the trigger, even when it went from $600 to $500. I couldn't explain what it was that it was lacking, but I just knew it wasn't right.Two days ago, I went to a store and played around with the Sony Tablet S. It feels good in your hands. The back isn't slick metal, so you're not afraid you'll lose your grip. And it's not cheap rubber, like some of the Android tablets out there, so it still feels expensive. The wedge shape is really amazing. It sounds like a gimmick and I thought it was at first, but it's not. Look at the original Kindle -- it's a little thicker on one side, so that you can hold it with one hand and it feels lighter. Same principle here and it definitely works. Between the slightly rounded shape and the textured backing, it gives you something to hold onto and you don't worry about it slipping out of your hand. It feels like something you were designed to hold, not like an iPad, which feels like a large, thin picture frame that you're probably shouldn't be holding in your hands.The screen is amazing. It's super fast -- apps download in seconds. The tweaks that Sony has made to the Honeycomb software are really great, including the new interface for all of the apps. You can create groups, drag and drop, and move things around easily so that you always know where things are and can access them quickly. Even stuff that should be straight-forward and not hard to screw up, like the Mail program, are even better than I expected.I actually saw the Xoom and Tablet S side by side in the store and had them both pull up CNN.com at the same time and the Sony was about 30% faster downloading. Just one more thing that confirmed the Tablet S as the right choice.I thought the remote control idea was going to be great for me. But, as it turns out, I use the RF setting on my DirecTV remote (so I don't have to point it directly at the receiver, and can FF while I'm listening to news while doing dishes, for example). Because I use the RF setting, I can't use the remote control for my DirecTV DVR, since the Tablet S's remote is an IR remote. Not a big deal though. I use the DirecTV Remote Control app from the Android Market and it not only lets me control the DVR, but shows me what's on my favorite channels and lets me tune into them with one click. All while I'm in the kitchen listening to the TV in the living room.I bought the combo package that Sony is offering with the wireless speaker (normally $300, discounted to $100 when you buy the Tablet S). I set it up and now, from the Tablet S, I can play all the songs from my desktop (which is in the basement) on the wireless speaker which is in the kitchen. DLNA is pretty sweet. Without the Sony Tablet S, I can't do that because I don't have Windows 7 (I have Vista).The one complaint I hear is that there is no HDMI out. But if you are thinking of playing high def TV from your tablet to your TV, you probably have an internet-capable TV as it is. If you connect the TV to your router and the Tablet S is using the wireless, DLNA can push the video to your TV so you don't need an HDMI cable. I don't have an internet-capable TV, so I can't try it. But I'm not bummed about the lack of HDMI.The proprietary power cord is probably the only drawback. It seems flimsy but I've had no problems connecting it, so I'm not too worried. It just means that if I lose it, I'll have to shell out $30 for one and can't use a USB cord I have from another device. But if you don't buy this tablet just because of its power cord, you need to get your head examined.Overall, I'm so glad I waited and passed on the Xoom. I haven't even had it for a day and I'm already very impressed with it. Can't wait to find out what other cool things it can do.