I got this device about 8 months ago, so a little late for a review; the second device in a string of 3 android devices.  I suspect not many people will be getting this with the Galaxy 4.0 costing about the same.  The kickstand on the device was useful; it allowed my player to stand up and not need to be held for movies, which as you can imagine makes one's hand tired.  The Micro SD card slot was very helpful shipping with 8 GB total flash memory, about 5 was able to be used by me, I stuck a 4GB card in it and had plenty of room for my music and a couple of movies.  The speaker on it is very good, it's front facing, has plenty of volume to it, much better than any iPods, maybe not an iPhone though.  Mine shipped with Froyo, but it would automatically look for updates, and I was able to update it to honeycomb, 3.0; unfortunately I broke it the day after I got that update, I fell on it and cracked the screen...This device could multitasks fairly well, I never bogged it down with too much stuff at one time though.  It handled a 3d rendered game and music just fine; which leads me to believe it could handle about anything one could throw at it with decent fluidity.  The web was fairly fast, not as good as a computer or a high end device it's not too much of a hassle to use.  It has a 1 GHz with about 212 of Ram, before OS; about 120 is usable. The camera on it is only 2 megapixels. I didn't take very many pictures with it, but one that I did take, outside with little cloud cover, turned out better than I thought it would, tat was the only picture I took with it, I don't have much of a need for a rear camera, which is all this device has.The screen is a WVGA, resistive single touch one.  The picture on it was very good. If memory is serving correctly, blacks were okay, not stellar by any means, but I've most defiantly better, and worse many that are worse.  The touch screen is not bad; it was fairly sensitive, not any where close to a capacitive screen, like an iPod or a legit smart phone.  I didn't have problems typing or clicking on apps, links and such.  It takes some getting used to, since my phone at the time was also a resistive screen, I was used to it and it didn't bother me much at all.  My dad has an iPhone and when he tried to use the resistive screen phone he couldn't make it work for him, but he doesn't use the cheap phone very much, for obvious reasons.  I have a Coby Kyros right now, only because it was bigger and cheaper, no other merit above the Archos at all, I liked the touch screen on the Coby much more, and the picture screen more on the Archos.  The Archos's screen looks like it made out layers and is not flat all the way across, it is a little waving and can be seen.  Overall though, the screen is not bad at al, just not anything that stands out.The apps...  It doesn't have Market, Google Play, on it and you can't get it legally, and I don't think you can at all anymore, if one can my friend who had a license from Google to make apps and such couldn't figure it out, I know when I bought it I thought it had Market on it, but it does not, know that.  If you get this, find the Amazon app store app, it has a lot more than appslib does, and it can connect to an already existing amazon.com account, which would make life easier for payments.  I liked the music app, I'm just a casual listener though, I was satisfied with the audio on it, but I wasn't looking for problems with it either.Overall while this is a decent device, above both a Coby tab, and a Creative Zen touch 2, there are better android media devices out there.  The Micro SD card isn't anything new, most android devises have them.  The screen is adequate for most needs the picture o it is very clear, same pixelage as at least a 2nd gen iTouch, most probably the 3rd as well.  The accelerometer works, not quite sure how to go beyond that for the accelerometer.  It handled every game I tried on it and multitasked well.  Knowing what I know now I would get it again if there wasn't any thing out there better and I wanted the apps that are there.  As you might have guessed, there are better things out there now, Samsung has Galaxy players now, sizes ranging from 3.6 inch to 5.0 inch.  I don't have one, but they look like a much better, and for the 4.0 a 3.6, a better buy, these have their issues to from what I've read, but the 4.0 seems like a much better deal than this.  I know when I was looking at this I would not have even thought to look into other ones; so look into other devices and find the one that fits you best!