(FIRST LET ME TELL YOU, I AM A SENIOR CITIZEN OVER 55 YEARS IN AGE)I was not interested in the new technology coming out, I don't own a smart phone nor did I participate in the social network. Frankly, I never understood any of it.  My interest in this particular Tablet came about when I was shopping, I noticed this tablet was on a one day sale. When I saw over 1000 purchased within 2 hours from the start of the sale, I wanted to know more about this product.  The price was right and I had the extra cash on hand. ( I'm on a fixed income)As I Googled Toshiba Thrive I learned more about this product and I compared them to other tablets, with 4 1/2 stars out of 5 I was sold. I have always owned a desktop computer, I found similarities in operation, of the Toshiba Thrive tablet to work almost in the same way.  The ports were very familiar to me as I noticed some of the same connections on my desk top were on the Toshiba Tablet.When I turned the tablet on, first thing I noticed was CARD GAMES...I am known as the CARD SHARk in our Senior Citizen Community..nobody wants to play poker, hearts, bridge or a honest game of Binocle-(also known as PINOCHLE)because I win all the time. When I saw the card game icon I knew I made the right decision to buy this tablet.I had no problem navagating through my first game, I had to change the rules to make it harder for me to keep winning. I found out after a week, I can play on line.  I now had to get this Tablet connected to WiFi.....I never had anything on WiFi....so now I learned about Wifi..now I am on line kicking Butt in various card games.I made some new friends on line, most had Facebook, twitter and other social media accounts...I was never interested in any of this, now I have a Facebook, twitter and I am learning about youtube.I have learned about APPS.  oh my god, so many to choose from.  The tablet comes pre-loaded, most I use.  I bought the 8GB Toshiba Thrive, the space I use on the tablet is only for the APPS.  The SD card I bought is 32GB storage space.  I store my PDF books...I download my books from a Torrent website..I am now reading 50 shades of Gray...(some men like reading that too)I found a movie converter that works for the Toshiba Thrive, so I have movies stored on the SD card.  I love classical Music so I have music on the storage as well.I have iHeart APP. so I can listen to newstalk radio...(this APP is free) for android devices.  PDF ..Adobe Reader APP is also free to download on to the tablet so you can read books in PDF format.ONE IMPORTANT THING..WITH THE TOSHIBA TABLET...OPEN an Account with GOOGLE, I now have a Gmail account...this opens a lot of doors and access to a lot of features for the Toshiba Thrive.I have learned so much in my old age, I credit the Toshiba Thrive.  The other Seniors love the music, one lady always tells me to play the jukebox....LoL....There is so much more for me to learn about this Tablet, I have a new found interest and happiness in my life especially at my age, I thought this would never happen.There are other accessories that go with this tablet, I have bought a Dock for the tablet, and a cover, and keyboard.  I don't use my desktop as much as I use to. I am now using that for down loading my books and music for my SD storage.I have some movies I hook our community TV to my Toshiba Thrive, with the HDMI cord. We watched Gone with the Wind..and now,  From here to Eternity, since Enest Borgnine just passed.  Our senior community is so happy.  The Director is thinking of letting our Events Coordinator Go, because the Toshiba Thrive has taken over our Senior Community. LOL...lol...I love I can carry this tablet everywhere. I can't believe the ease in operation, and how it's organized to think like people, meaning everything you need to make life easier is now at your finger tips.  I do my on line banking on the tablet, I email, tweet, and keep in contact with me card buddies through Facebook.I use the calendar, and alarm clock to know when it's time for my medications....The Toshiba Thrive Tablet has brought life back to me.I love it, now I am a fan to the SMART era thanks to the Toshiba Thrive, I will stick with this product, and I will look for other products from now on that has to do with Toshiba.I am so happy with Toshiba..I will look for Toshiba products first before I buy another name brand.