I have a company issued ipad 2 but I wanted an android tablet for myself since I am not an apple person so I got this since it's got removable battery, usb, hdmi, and sd.  I actually bought the acer w500 and like it as a win 7 pc with touch.First impression is, it's thick, but holding it in hand isn't so bad--slightly heavier than ipad but bearable.  ipad's size & weight has reached a point that it's really comfortable to hold by one or two hands; it feels nimble.The OS is very nice, definitely got a better and more usable UI than ipad.  However this is subjective and depends on who is using it.  Setup is easy and wifi works well. The integration with all of google is very nice.  Cameras are better than ipad.On its own, the thrive looks ok, nothing exciting, but next to ipad, without considering anything else, I could imagine people would pick the ipad, which has a more polished look.  While the thrive's plastic back isn't nice looking, the texture actually feels better, but the texture also makes it harder to clean.  The cover & battery are easy to remove.So -1 for size & weight but +1 for expand options & removable battery.  I am indifferent about the look.However, while it's ok to skim on the look, toshiba really failed to pay attention to some details.  For a tablet this thick, they really should have larger power and volume buttons, especially since that power button is also for waking it up.  You have to feel a bit to find the power button, and sometimes you could hit the power while going for the volume since they are so close.  I would really like a large wake up button in the front.  These buttons on ipad 2 are way better as far as usability goes.  When you also consider the screen that is a finger print magnet, I think toshiba has some improvements to work on.  -1 here.There have been a few wtf moments since I got this.  The first about 30 minutes after I got it.  Set it down, got a drink, picked it back up, fumbled for the tiny power button, and nothing.  It's not waking up, so had to hold it to power cycle, and this would turn out to be a recurring chore.  -1 here.More surprises are to come though.  Set it down for longer, and I witnessed its first self power cycling, and the many more after.  Are they joking?  -1 here.Battery life is ok, definitely not as long as ipad 2.  However my next wtf moment is the next morning after I set it down with more than 50% battery left.  It ended up with 5%.  So it lost 40% battery in 9 hours?  I tested it again.  Left it with 100% and found it at 55% later.  This may have something to do with the sleeping problem but no way to find out.  -1 here.So as it stands, this is a 1 star product.Overall, if not for the wake up and power cycle issue, this is a nice tablet and a keeper.  Some details could be improved, especially the tiny power/wake up button, which was almost a deal breaker for me, so it's probably a 3 or 3.5.  However the power cycling was just too much.  I know they are working on a software fix, if it's problem with that, but I was not going to risk keeping a defective product, so it went back to amazon.