Let me start by saying, I own other  windows "tablets" , the xoom and an Ipad2.cons: as stated USB on bottom and you loose them when docked, no biggie dock has2 connectors as well, but the problem is, they are both on the bottom.I can not have anything attached to the USB when it sits on my lap or other, if I do,I have to hold the tablet in the air while I watch tv on it.I have to disconnect my usb device and connect it to the dock.You can turn it upside down, but you cant dock unless you remove them 1st, I usea usb device attached to any/every pc I sit and work at, and this adds time ejectingthe unit, since I must 1st eject my usb device before undocking or docking.No lan connection phyically on the device, only on dock ( see usb issue above)No drive activity light, annoying really.Need to have dock on stable surface, or hang on to it.People not familiar with the device, may try to "close" the device when docked.pros:Dock extremely easy and fast to dock and undock with.good battery life.  6+ on battery, using it constantly updating testing video etc got to 8%before I charged it. Using it off and on and using sleep after 10 minutes of idle, it went 2 days (45%)before I charged it again.Performs as advertised.Handwriting recognition works better than expected.Full retail windows 7, no Apps needed to use the internet or your fancy emails 8)Like with any new computer, you need to update it fully(update, reboot, repeat till done) and let it sit overnightwith it powered on and running. After that you should start to remove any pre-installedapplications that are not used every day or for the proper function of attachments.Out of the box, no HD video, moving finger in circle on screen took 100% cpu and wouldbe jerky. Wifi could only get 32Mbs(4) max, even on 150Mbs(18.75) connection.After updating , letting sit, then removing all unused programs (especially things that readcontiniously for screen input).  Google to learn how to use power managment to increase power when you needit and to reduce power (battery usage) when you dont need it.Wifi is at 80Mbs(10), my 1920x1080 9.3Mbs bluray rip will now play 8)Moving finger around only takes 20-30% CPU now.  Netflix plays ok on the device, sometimes it is stilla little skippy.All in all, I am pretty happy with the device, there are some things it could improve on,but for the price performace and portability, it is pretty costeffective. I have a dock atwork and home and it has just about replaced my other units, it is handy to have a linkto your data via vpn or other, but to have your whole computer with you is very handy.Mostly it stays on the dock and in sleep mode (2-3seconds boot weee), but when I need to do somethingbut do not want to be tied to my desk, the unit comes right off and I am outside workinglike I was in my office with no window.It really is a netbook, maybe a little faster, better video, with the ability to leave the keyboard on your deskbut in the end, it is a netbook not a quad core 8 gig system.Update:02-2013: Installed Windows 8 32bit Pro Retail with the Media Center addon pack and I love it.Windows 8 seems much faster on this device even with CPU mark at 2.3 . Netflix and HDtv playback from a HDPrimeis now flawless. I had about stopped using the device with windows 7 on it, I have faster thingsto use, but since win8 I have started using it more and more. No pauses or lag.When I installed win8, I only installed the win7 device control and the win8 G sensor driver soI could rotate the screen. Everything else, including bluetooth worked fine and didn't need me to install drivers.The metro interface windows 8 uses works well on this device and is clean and quicker than 7.With that said, I hated the metro interface on my desktop and reverted to clasic style on it.Moving finger in circles only uses 3-8% on Win8 compared to 20-30 as before.