I am very big on researching a product before I buy it, so I definitely wanted to make it a point to write a review on the PlayBook once I got some use out of it.I am in LOVE with this thing. Ordering it from Amazon made it easier and I felt safer than with any other site, and I think that the price for the 32G PlayBook was cheaper on this site than on BlackBerry's site (which would still charge a good bit for shipping and handling; mine was free. And don't even get me started on the in-store prices that would tax the initial price, which will be close to twice what  you'd find here, to kingdom come.).While some might buy it for the game play, and others may use it for internet and media sharing, some may use it for social networking, others may want to hook up a cable and use it for professional presentations...Whatever your use, the PlayBook has it covered.The initial setup WILL require, as stated on the outside of the box, a Wi-Fi connection to update the latest version of the OS (operating system). After that, the features already loaded onto it make it user friendly. It takes you through a tutorial of how to use the swipe feature to make shortcuts and navigate through the programs on the tablet; and don't let that overwhelm you, within 30 or so minutes,  I was already getting the hang of it.For all you BlackBerry Users out there, as soon as you have the chance to get into the app world, download BlackBerry Bridge. This nifty little app allows your smartphone and tablet to be connected via bluetooth. You can view files such as pictures, videos, documents, contacts, email that have already been sent to your phone - right from your PlayBook. BB Bridge also allows internet tethering, whether your phone works as a regular hot-spot or if you just want to use your phone's internet (**note, internet usage from internet tethering from your wireless phone must be done through "bridge browser" and regular wi-fi usage can be done from selecting a hot spot).The cameras are great, they do well with a considerable amount of light and there is no built in flash, but I do believe the quality of the camera makes up for it. The layout is very clean and easy to use. The resolution on the screen is amazing. Youtube can easily be played (and an app comes pre-loaded) and looks great and isn't as laggy as it is on most phones.For the gamers out there, I'm not sure how you would feel about a touch screen interface for gaming but it works fine for me. I am much more into puzzle games, but I did recently download (and become addicted to) a couple free action apps I found (Need for Speed, Asphalt Attack, and an FPS called Modern Combat 2: Black Pegasus) run smoothly, have great graphics, awesome sound effects and music, and didn't cost a dime. Whether you're in the middle of a shoot-out, drifting in a race, or battling in a daring game of Tetris, the tablet can still run smoothly while running several apps at a time and most will pause automatically when the window its in is minimized or toggled. Kobo for eBooks comes automatically on it. Free to start up an account, easy downloads, pretty good library of good books. I love this thing. I never leave home without it.The only complaints I do have (though admittedly, I haven't been doing as much research for the PlayBook as I have been playing with it) would be that I have difficulty with getting pictures onto my PB from my phone. I know I could go through the process of going to my computer and hooking up the USB cable and doing it the manual way, but it could just be me and my device or devices, it would just be easier to be able to send them using Bluetooth to have without using BB Bridge. There is a video chat app, but it only works with other BB PlayBook users. I did do some research and there are a couple CrackBerry apps that will allow video chat with other PC users as long as they have the program installed. And this isn't a big deal for me, but it could be a deal breaker for some of you, there is no USB or MicroSD card slot on the device. I'm indifferent. I'd rather pick and choose what I wanted onto it from the computer or other device as opposed to having them all stored there. That's definitely subjective.Overall though, the PlayBook is awesome and I love it. It serves many purposes, it's comfortably sized, some people may complain about the lack of apps because it's not that giant iThing (yes I know the name of it, it simply burns my eyes to see it) but do some research. I've seen some videos about being able to use the Android market in an app but I'm just trying to cover the basics here. AND whether you're extra careful, a little unlucky, or flat out clumsy like I am, and/or especially if you have children, please do make sure to get an Otterbox! AMAZING! It will protect the device and you won't be out of a few hundred bucks...and literally crying over spilled milk!Sorry this is so long, but most of these are questions I had before I purchased that I had to go to several different sources to find out! Hope it helps!