The ipad seems to be the device that you either love or love to hate. I've never really owned many apple products and have always been more of a "PC guy", but I decided to try the ipad out and have now owned the 16GB Wifi version for 3 months. There has not been a day that I have not used it... I guess that means I would have to be counted in the "love it" group.Yes, the ipad has it's flaws - which undoubtedly have been covered in great detail in the other 150+ reviews, so I won't go into much detail about them. Yes, I wish it could handle Flash, multitasking (which will be added with iOS4 this Fall), and it could definitely use a camera (or 2). Yes, it's basically a big ipod touch and a netbook would be more powerful, more capable, and seem to make more sense.Despite these short-comings, the ipad has a convenience factor about it that makes it extremely appealing. Being able to pick up the device and have it turn completely on in about 1 second is something no netbook or computer can offer. Being able to lay in bed and hold the ipad like a book while surfing the web, watching movies, playing games, reading magazines, putting together a document for work, shopping, etc. is fantastic and just wouldn't be the same on the tiny screen of an ipod touch or while having a netbook laying on your stomach. Perhaps soon some android tablets will offer what the ipad does and more, but as of yet, no other tablet/netbook even comes close to offering the convenience and appeal that the ipad offers. The interface is extremely smooth and I've become addicted to shopping in the curated app store. It's much easier to navigate and find apps than in the cluttered android marketplace. I've even found that I love some of the games offered - something I never imagined myself using the ipad for.As for the Wifi vs 3G debate, I can only say that I'm pleased I went with Wifi because it rarely leaves my house. Even if I do take it somewhere else, there is usually Wifi available and if not and I need 3G access somewhere, I have my phone. I'm equally happy I went with 16GB, because I haven't even come close to filling it up even with a medium sized music/video library and tons of apps.As for the ipad vs a kindle - I've owned both the DX and ipad. I love both, but find myself using the ipad more just because of the wide variety of things to do. The kindle does have the advantage of the e-ink screen. If my eyes feel "tired" or if I'm in sunlight, the kindle is definitely what I reach for. I've found myself using the kindle app on the ipad a ton though. It's fantastic that I can buy books from amazon and keep my kindle library on the ipad. I do wish amazon would sell magazines through their kindle app like they do on the kindle though. There are other options on the ipad like Zinio, but I feel it's an area that amazon could really thrive in.A device that I haven't been able go a day in the last 3 months without picking up for hours on end deserves no less than 5 stars in my mind. The ipad hasn't replaced my computer, but it has opened up a new area in my life that I don't think I could go without now... okay, I could but I don't want to. I use it for so many things that I try not to think about those dark days before the ipad came along.