Truthfully, I think one must really play with a device themselves before purchasing. I originally wanted to buy a new graphics card with my money, but instead I bought this tablet...With that being said, I was looking forward to being able to play Netflix and perhaps other apps like that because I own a droid phone and when I sit outside and watch Netflix with my phone it really drains the battery. So I wanted something dedicated to it.I thought this tablet would be a good idea, it looked nice and I was swayed by the MOST HELPFUL reviews, which WERE NOT actually that helpful. The carrier had already updated the tablet but it didn't come with a manual, USB chord, or a little screen cleaner. But the rest was there.If you plan on purchasing this, I would suggest only for simple apps and mobile site browsing. I found that it kept crashing whenever I tried to run apps that wasn't supported. And it crashed whenever running Crunchyroll (similar to Netflix except it's Anime and Asian Dramas). And the Appslib NO LONGER IS SIGNED WITH COBY. So you have to go to a certain site and download Getjar, which did not even work for me. I resulted to installing Amazon Apps and only using the apps they have. Which in my opinion suck because there are no foreign language keyboards, and it's very limited UNLESS you want to pay for apps.The battery is also weird, I would leave it charging until I see that the light is green and I would check it on the screen and it would say 98%. Whenever I open Advanced Task Killer (ideal app if you have/are going to purchase this) it would say about 95%.And the battery life seems to be nearly 3 hours if you play music and occasionally use a messenger, but I can't be all that sure. So I think the battery is either weird or worn out because I'm using a used one. Also, the touch screen is a bit hard to get used to if you are used to smartphones, I end up just using the stylus about 90% of the time. The earphone jack and SDCard slot are also weird. You have to shove it in with force, or else it will be sticking out (the earphones) or it can't read your SDCard.**Also: The tablet occasionally freezes for me, if I press a lot of buttons (like if I'm typing fast or just putting something like "aaaaah") or sometimes it just freezes and after it does that it will automatically reboot itself. The first time it died on me(which I'm not sure if it actually even DIED or just messed up because battery said 38%~ on Task killer) I kept trying to turn it back on after charging it for a bit and it didn't work. So I had to turn it over and reset it. So if it doesn't seem to cut on just hit the reset button on the back, you don't lose any data or anything. I actually don't know why it's there, but assuming because it's there can't be very good lol.My guess is the only way to get a good use out of this tablet is to "root" it, which I believe is illegal. But if you are willing to go that far, I think that even updates your tablet's system and allows it to run Angry Birds without graphic issues.In my opinion, I'm conflicted, I like using it for a messenger, playing simple games and browsing. But it can't do what I originally bought it for.So if you are looking for something that will play Netflix or anything alike, you will have to spend nearly 299$+.