Okay, I am going to make this a rolling review, with snapshots over time.  The criticisms I have for this tablet will all probably be fixed at some point, so none of them is fatal to my view.  I'm also not going to recount the many, well-stated and exhaustive points others have better made. These are more in the category of observations:First thing, this is a really solid tablet, but it is not perfect.  It's pretty fast, responsive, and all the rest.  I don't think you will be disappointed with it if you choose to buy it.  But just know you will not be any taller, smarter, or better looking wth this tablet over any other.  You will be around $500 poorer but hopefully you view this as entertainment and not identity.  I give it 4 stars because I think 4 stars is its fair grade, and that is still well above average.This gives me a chance to go on a tangent about our so-called "5-star" fixated culture, where we expect everything to be perfect.  Growing up here I didn't know anybody who had a 5-star anything, and we had it relatively good.  No 5-star houses, no 5-star cars, vacations, marriages, or kids.  But we were happy.  Now it seems, if things aren't labeled five-star, there's something wrong with them.  But that label is misleading.  There's a lot of subjectivity going into any appraisal.  Nothing in our society (nothing) is five-star for long.  Four stars is about as good as it gets, and that is excellent in my book.Okay, now back to the tablet.  I like it.  It looks good, touch screen is responsive, and you can tweak the speakers to sound decent.  I think you'll want to get a bluetooth mouse and keyboard if you plan on writing anything longer than a short email.  Get a case for it if you plan to take it out.  It's huge and bulky but it will survive a crash.  My GF and I joke that I am going to get "my owner's manual" when I bring mine.  If you own a newer car, you'll soon know why.  The filing system still confuses me; I cannot locate 10 albums' worth of files either on internal or external storage, though it is clearly located on the external card.  Amazon, but not the native Toshiba player, locates them.Finally (for now), for those using the phrase "IPad Killer," we first have to define what that means.  If it means that somebody produces a tablet that is better than the IPad, then, yes, I think this is probably it.  I have used one a fair bit over the months.  Overall, I think this is the more capable tablet.  But if we mean that someone will make a tablet that will outsell the IPad, then, no, this is not it, an none of the others will be, either.  Why?  Because Apple sells "the experience," not productivity, connectivity, or interoperability.  If you disagree, fine, but then you have  to explain why anyone hasn't  created an "IPod killer"?  Certainly, better MP3 players exist and Apple's restrictive use with multiple computers is a clear and vexing criticim.  But no one yet has figured out how to compete with Mr.Jobs and Co. because they are desperately trying to match Apple on the technicalspecs, and that is not what sells anything.  (We sell the sizzle, not the steak, to quote one of my favorite lines from Seinffffeld