Me:  Have owned a 3G Kindle 2 for over two years; Owned a WiFi Kindle Keyboard SO but sold it and bought a 3G Kindle Keyboard SO for my spouse.  I have Amazon Prime and an Audible subscription, plus a mail subscription to Netflix.  I do NOT own a smart phone.  I read a lot, especially newspapers and books.  I tend to research something pretty thoroughly before making a purchase.Now my take on the Kindle Fire:This device is perfect for me.  As a Prime Member I can access a lot of shows and movies that I like, such as BBC TV shows.  The Fire also gives me access to tons of news sites whenever I'm at the coffee shop, library, or community center. It lets me read my email; I've even worked on a couple documents I had up on Google, albeit rather slowly. I've never had a problem connecting to the WiFi hotspots at various locations around town.  I'm able to read a book in the car at night while traveling with my spouse.  I use the Kindle 2 or 3 during daylight & sync it to the Fire or just note my position and pick up from there on the Fire.I love that the screen is bright and, usually, I can adjust the reading content to a size that works for me.I'm not so psyched about the carousel.  I can take it or leave it.The responsiveness of the touchscreen sometimes seems too sensitive; other times not sensitive enough.  You have to use a very light touch most of the time but sometimes you have touch the screen several times to get a response.I've been happy with the Android apps I've gotten from Amazon.  They work well and I don't worry about malware.  I tried one third-party app suggested by other Fire owners but had to reboot the device as it seemed to mess up the WiFi connection.  I wish Amazon had a larger selection of utility apps but I'm sure that will come.  I'm particularly happy with the ReadItLater app--it's very useful for gathering content to read offline when you can't connect to WiFi.  The app store seems very heavy on games.The Fire is perfect for me as I don't own a smart phone and was not expecting it to be a smaller version of the IPad.  I understood what I was getting for the price and am very happy.  I think consumers who know themselves pretty well will be satisfied if they decide to purchase the Fire.  Based on reading some of the postings at the Kindle forum, though, some buyers didn't do much homework before purchasing.Consumer, know thyself!(I normally try to be more organized and focused in my reviews but I think the other reviews have already covered most of the technical aspects.  This is just my off-the-cuff reaction to the Fire after almost a month of use.)Update 12-29-11:I have to say I'm using my Fire much, much more that I thought I would when I bought it.  As an Audible member, I love that I can easily find and listen to my NYT subscription without booting up my laptop.  I use the Sleepy Time Lite app every night to drift into dreamland.  I watch Prime videos (usually BBC TV episodes) or listen to an audiobook at lunch or while getting ready for bed.  I use the news apps to keep up with news all over the US & world, especially the cities where I have relatives.  I also keep a few albums in the MP3 player & play them while working in the kitchen or at the library.  I'm astounded at how much I've come to rely on my Fire in such a short time.I also should point out the a New York Times article today mentioned that apps from Amazon & Apple are thoroughly tested for malware, which isn't true at other app stores.  Thank you Amazon.