I finally received my prime two days ago.  I must admit that I was concerned about the build quality after reading many accounts of issues that were experienced by those that received the first batch.  If you're still waiting on your preorder, consider yourself lucky, as I've encountered no issues thus far.  My build is 8.8.3.27.Rather than go over the specs, yet again, I will focus instead on the elements that have received all of the bad press.Wifi:  I don't doubt that wifi issues delayed the release of the prime.  As such, the first thing I did was connect to my home network and install speedtest.  I was shocked to see the meter register a blistering and consistent 7mb/s, greatly exceeding the 5mb/s that my htc evo 4g registers.  I've read that ASUS added another wifi antenna to resolve the connectivity issues. I can't confirm this to be true, but I can confirm that I have no wifi issues.GPS:  I've read that some people were unable to get a gps lock. While I don't anticipate using this functionality for navigation, I still wanted to confirm that my unit did not have this defect.  To test the gps, I downloaded gps status from the market.  I turned off my network connection, and stood in my back yard with the prime level to the ground.  I locked on 8 satelites in less than two minutes.Light bleed:  I read numerous complaints about light bleed resulting from mis-alignment of the glass.  To test my unit I downloaded backlight bleed test from the market.  Although there was a negligible amount of bleed on the bottom right corner, in normal use I did not notice any bleed at all.Browser lag and force closes:  Yes, it's true.  The stock browser has some lag, and a few apps force closed.  This is true of any honeycomb tablet.  Thankfully, ice scream sandwich will be rolled out in January.  ICS will optimize the hardware of the prime, and every indication is that the lag will be gone.  Note that I'm running ICS on my Evo, and it runs like butter.Overall, the prime has thus far exceeded all of my expectations.  My only complaint is that I have yet to receive my keyboard dock...Updated 1/2/2012:I awoke this morning to some disappointing news.  Apparently ASUS chose to deliberately lock and encrypt the bootloader, thus restricting ones ability to load customizations.  For most potential owners, this is not a big deal.  For myself and many others, it is a potential deal breaker.  I choose android over ios primarily because I appreciate my freedom.  Android allows me to completely control my user experience.  I was an eary adopter of the evo 4g phone. Since I purchased that phone, many others with improved bells and whistles have come onto the market.  Having an unlocked bootloader gives me the ability to constantly make my phone feel new.  As I mention below, I'm currently running an alpha version of ice cream sandwich on my phone, despite the fact that my phone is not on the upgrade list.  This is because Google chose to make andoid an open platform.  Open is the philosophy that differentiates android from apple.  For a manufactorer to create a device designed for android enthusiasts, but not subscribe to the open philosophy of android is extremely unfortunate.  Unless ASUS changes coarse on this point, they will stifle the potential of this otherwise exceptional device.Since I relize that the above will not impact most potential buyers, I'm deducting only one star.  If this was a review posted to an enthusiast site, the device would earn only 3 stars.1/3/2012:ASUS agreed to unlock the bootloader if the device owner agrees to opt-out of the warranty.  For myself, this is awesome news.  Now I will be able to install android versions that ASUS does not support on the device (Jelly Bean?).  I am still extremely happy with the unit.  I will not unlock the bootloader for the forseeable future.  Once I am satisfied that my unit has no hardware defects, I will opt out of the warranty and bring back the newness.I applaud ASUS for reacting to their customer's needs and have restored my original 5-star rating.