Sony SGPT112US/S Wi-Fi Tablet (32GB)Well, I waited over 60 days, so I can provide an honest review.  I couldn't find anything negative about this purchase, to send this purchase back. I did my research on this product for a couple of months and there was positive and negative reviews listed by owners.  I believe in the "Sony" Brand and this company never disappointed me and they stand behind their products.  I have read all types of negative reviews stating poor WIFI connection, short battery life, not bright enough, made of plastic, issues with the apps and etc, etc, etc and etc.  I didn't experience any of those issues.  This tablet worked, right of the box. No complaints because I did my research.*  This tablet worked, right of the box...less than 5 mins to setup.*  Located my WIFI connection, within seconds and located other WIFI connections in my neighborhood. I even took this tablet on vacation and connected to other WIFI in the area, without any issues. The WIFI will shut down, if the tablet is not being used...to save power.  An easy fix, just go to setting and adjust the factory setting.*  The battery life is perfect.  I watched two movies, listen to music and I let my kids play a few games and I still had a little power left, before recharging in a car charger. {road trip}*  No issue with the interface.  Every app worked flawless...so far. Just a side note: Not every app going to work flawless on any Tablet...even the IPAD different versions have some issues with their apps. It's normally a 3rd party developer issue and not a "Sony" issue.*  The Sony Tablet is very lite weight.  If you read the reviews before the release of this tablet, the consumer requested a lite tablet for everyday use and Sony listen to the consumer request.  The Sony Tablet is made like a folded magazine and that bring an unique touch to this tablet and this tablet does a great job mimic a real folded magazine. The pages flips perfect.  I read a few magazines on this tablet and it's a nice experience.*  The glass is not the gorilla glass because this would have made this tablet weigh more.  Also, I can describe the outer case as a hi-tech plastic or a strong fiberglass.  I guess Sony went with this to reduce the weigh of this tablet.  I wouldn't purchase this tablet for an irresponsible kid or someone that's not going to take extra care of this tablet.  If you're the type that is kinda of rough with your electronic items...this tablet is not for you.  I might be wrong and this tablet might be able to withstand a hi-impact fall, not sure and I don't won't to find out.  I purchased a leather case and screen protector from Amazon.com and this added more protection for this tablet.  Side note:  All tablets are fragile and will break or get damage in a fall.  So don't fool yourself and think an IPAD or any other tablet will not break...go to EBAY and view all the broken tablets on sell, from the different tablet brands.*  The PS1 internal emulator works perfect.  I wish "Sony" would add more games in their PS Store.  The PS1 internal controller is unique and was difficult at first but with practice...I became a pro with the internal controller but I prefer to use the wireless controller, that I Bluetooth to the tablet. {my three sons master the internal controller within a hour of use...I'm 44 y/o}*  The brightness of the screen is perfect for watching movies, reading magazines, web surfing and everyday use.  I left the brightness on the factory setting but you can go into the setting and raise the brightness level up.  This tablet display beautiful movies and pictures. {a lot better than the IPAD and I did a true comparison.}I'm glad I did my research and watched a lot of YouTube Videos, regarding the Sony S Tablet.  So, I was not surprise about the function, display or the price.  I purchased this item after a few deals and the price became a great buy.  I recommend if you going to purchased an expensive item...DO YOUR RESEARCH AND YOU WILL NOT BE SURPRISE.  I read a lot of negative reviews and it seems they did no real research and just purchased this item.  Now, for the people who experience technical issues {not working, bad wifi, poor battery life and etc, etc and etc}...all brands of electronic experience bad apples in production and not every electronic items coming off the assembly line will be perfect.  This can happen with ALL electronics on the market. Also, users not going to setting, to set their personal settings.I do recommend that you purchased the 32GB model.  The Sony 16GB & 32GB Tablet will not let you used the full GB space of the tablet because "Sony" and "Android", need to use this space for firmware updates and any other new development updates. You might want to add movies, songs and games and this will used a lot of the space.  I also recommend you purchased a memory card and a "micro USB cable".  You will need a micro USB cable to transfer files to your Sony Tablet.In my opinion, this tablet is in the same league as the "IPAD 2" and "Sony" will always raise the bar.  I read a review regarding the new ICS firmware update coming out soon and "Sony" will be adding secret extra features to the Sony Tablet. On a side note, my wife has the XOOM Tablet and that's a great tablet but per my wife..."the Sony Tablet is in a class by itself...UNIQUE."