First let me explain why I automatically deducted a full star from this review.My Motorola Drioid X's 16 GB Micro SD card died after 6 months of use.  I contacted Verizon Wireless to request for a free replacement since it has 1 year warranty.  Verizon Wireless directed me to Motorola since Motorola is the manufacturer of this device.  So I called Motorola.  I was shocked to hear that Motorola told me the best replacement they could send me is 4GB Micro SD card.  I told them my Driod X came with 16GB Micro SD card and that I am entitle to get at least equal value replacement.  They refused and insist the best they could do is to send me a 4GB card.  I politely told Motorola no thanks and called Verizon back to let them know Motorola refused to honor the warranty.  Verizon made it right, they told me buy a 16 GB card from their store and will reimburse me for it.  I faxed the receipt to Verizon and they deducted the amount from my phone bill within 2 business days.  I was happy with Verizon's service but shame on Motorola.  I therefore from now on will automatically deduct 1 full star on any Motorola product reviews in anticipation that I might run into warranty issues again in the future.  Because Motorola did not honor the warranty I'm entitled to, they have lost me as a loyal customer.  I will still buy Motorola products provided I have no other choice.  But I prefer to stay away from it whenever possible.My 6 year old son used to play with his Aunt's iPad on weekends.  He loved it.  After a few days with the Xoom, I was surprised that he liked the Xoom more.  The weight didn't bother him a bit.  He now wakes up extra early in the morning just to play Club Penguin on the Xoom.  Thanks to the Xoom's ability to run Flash, he could play Club Penguin and other popular Flash games.  The iPad simply could not let him do that.  Of course, besides Flash games, he loves native apps like Angry Birds, Farm Frenzy, and few others.The wife loves the Xoom too.  When she is using it, the son has to yield.  The son is actually happy too because he is the new owner his mom's laptop. That's right, the wife no longer wants her laptop.  She used to occupy the TV during each evening.  No longer!  She is now too busy with her Xoom.  And I actually get to watch baseball in the evening!!The build is top quality.  Feels solid but not too heavy.  I know the wife and son will eventually drop it, so I placed the "Smoke Argyle Silicone Skin Cover" on it.  Even after the silicone skin is on it, the Xoom still don't feel bulky.  It is just about right.Honeycomb OS is intuitive.  My non-technical wife figured it all out herself.  Even my 6 year old is pretty good at using it.  The only thing I did for them was the wifi setup and Bluetooth tethering.  It was easy as cake.The Xoom is actually helping the wife to keep fit.  She watches YouTube while on the treadmill.  Because she enjoys it, she runs more frequently and for longer duration.Battery life is pretty good.  We set the screen brightness to auto.  Even under heavy use, we charge every other day.The screen resolution is good, but color does not pop.  I expected more vivid colors, but so far no complaints from the wife, so I guess it is acceptable.The Micro SD card slot does not work yet.  Motorola better provide an update to fix this soon as competitors are rolling out more similar featured Honeycomb tablets which comes with Micro SD card slot working.There are not many native Honeycomb tablet apps yet.  But I know the numbers are growing daily.  I myself is working on a native Honeycomb tablet app to be release in a month or 2.  And I do have plans to develop more apps for this platform.I am in the market to buy 3 more Honeycomb tablets within a month.  Although I have no regret buying the Motorola Xoom, I am open to consider other Honeycomb tablets that are rolling out.  The Asus Transformer tablet look very attractive to me.  I'll order 1 from Amazon as soon as it is available.  And if I like it, I'll order 2 more.