After waiting 2 months to get one I finally have one in hand. I can say that I was very close to cancelling my order due to a lot of bad press and a poor response (or lack thereof) from Asus regarding issues, perceived or otherwise, with this wonderful tablet.As of this writing they have largely fixed the GPS issue, possibly as much as will be possible with the metal backing on the tablet. This means that it is useable but you still wouldn't want to use it for driving directions.I immediately went to ICS and am glad I did. This thing is simply wonderful. I do have big hands and am still getting used to typing on the dock but I can peck at the chicklet keys well enough for now.I have already installed several great apps, one of which is letting me play my old Playstation games that I still have lying around and that is awesome - especially with my PS3 joystick automatically recognized.The camera quality is quite noticeable. Much better than any previous tablet/phone I've seen but admittedly I don't see myself using that much other than for Augmented Reality games/etc.Responsiveness, usability, etc is exactly what I was expecting. I am not disappointed in the least with the quality of this tablet.Wi-Fi: I have seen the bars go up and down more than I would like but not much more than my old laptop and I have not dropped any connections at all so while this could improve it is definitely not as bad as some reviews I have read. This is definitely something that you will need test for yourself based on your own needs. It could no doubt be better but it is not a deal breaker for me at all.I love this tablet and am so glad I did not cancel my pre-order!****************Update October 2013****************I have decided to update this review with some of the overall experience I had with the Transformer Prime tablet.In the almost 2 years since I bought mine, I took it on several trips and used it primarily for transferring large and numerous files from a DSLR camera to an FTP server at home while my wife and I were on vacation. It worked well enough for that but did have quite a few issues even doing just that, which was the primary reason for me to buy a tablet. There were 2 main issues that plagued me with this tablet.1) It would shut off sometimes randomly. This led to a large file transfer failing at some unknown time during the night. You see, we would shoot pics all day in Hawaii or wherever we were and then at night I'd pop the SD card in, start up my ftp software and transfer all files from that day. Some nights it would transfer them all with no problems but some nights it would randomly reboot leading to frustration that our nightly backup did not run.2)Wi-Fi reception. My Wi-Fi reception at home was great so I didn't notice anything when I first bought this tablet. I did see many other complaints about it so I was a bit concerned but had no real way to test. Well, eventually I found myself in a hotel room in Utah trying to use the hotel wi-fi and, of course, that is when I realized just how bad it was if you weren't close to the router. Despite my phone getting a full signal, the TF-201 just would not connect and if it did it was only if I stood at the friggin' doorway to the room. It was basically a paper weight on that trip with the exception of the music and movies I had on it. But no web browsing or checking email from it or using the keyboard to type on it, which is why I brought it versus just using my phone.I was able to live with most of this though and trudged along until Asus released the last update. That was when this became a brick to me as far as I was concerned. Ever since that last update the tablet has been sloooow and just plain crappy to use. I could have gone to the trouble of reinstalling everything or going to a custom rom or something but enough already. Time to look elsewhere for me!So as of this writing I have taken advantage of Amazon's trade-in program and I have never looked back. Thanks Amazon for bailing me out of this one!Changed my stars down to 2. Asus really should have done something for owners of this tablet between the GPS and the wi-fi issues. I did get a free GPS dongle. Sold it on ebay for $10. I also got $17 from a class action lawsuit. $27 towards a new tablet and NOT another product from Asus ever again. Hope it was worth it Asus because I doubt I am the first nor the last to swear your products off after this fiasco.