Like many others, I too was faced with the delimma of buying a netbook v. an iPad. I spent a lot of time researching the products and spent my $ buying both an iPad and what I consider to be the very best netbook on the market today - The Sony Vaio X (unfortunately, Sony has just stopped selling the Vaio X!).Let me clarify up front that the iPad simply blows away each and every netbook you see in stores like Best Buy in the sub $500 range. Whether it is design, performance or build quality you'll regret buying one of those netbooks for an iPad. So here is my Sony Vaio X v. iPad comparison.1. Cost:iPad 64 GB wi-fi: 699 (3G wasn't available). But equivalent pricing for features would be + $130 (for 3G) + $ 40 (case since the screen on the ipad is exposed) + $30 for VGA connector + $30 for SD card + usb adapter = $930 (still missing camera).Sony Vaio X(64 GB): $1299 (includes Verizon 3G inbuilt)GAP: iPad Appox $300 cheaper2. OS:iPad: iphone OS - instant on, app store, multi touchSony Vaio X: Windows 7 Professional - powerfulAdvantage: Depends (personally I prefer Win 7 for most things)3. Design: Surprisingly in terms of weight and thickness both are about the same. However, the carbon fiber body on the vaio x is gorgeous! The Vaio X is NOT like any other netbook in terms of how it is built.Advantage: Tablet v. traditional notebook. Again, tablet is better for media and web browsing. Traditional for productivity software like MS Office.4. Battery: The Vaio comes with a standard 2 hour battery which is blown away by the over 10 hours on the ipad. However, the Vaio also includes a 12 hour extended battery. But this battery increases the weight of the Vaio to 2.5lb, making it about an inch thicker (at its widest) and a pound heavier than the ipad.Advantage: Slightly to the ipad, unless you don't care about the extra 1 lb weight added by the XL Vaio battery.5. Features: Vaio wins this hands down with much better array of expandable memory slots, 2 usb ports and ethrnet cable slot and included VGA port, front facing camera and ability to connect an optical drive if needed (I have a super slim usb powered dvd drive). The ipads biggest advantage is the app store, which is more of a software rather than hardware feature.6. Screen: ipad's IPS LCD wins this one hands down. On paper the larger, higher resolution LED backlighting Vaio looks more impressive, but the better viewing angle and high quality glass on the ipad screen makes it much easier to read text and watch movies etc.7.Performance: The biggest advantage of the ipad is that you don't have to wait 60 seconds before you can start using it. Also,the ipad is much faster at connecting to a wifi network.8. Others: While the iPad gets a lot of attention, so does the vaio x. The fan on the vaio x can be a little distracting when it is on. Overall if I think of the intangibles such as the variety of apps on the app store, the speed at which you can turn on the device and start browsing the web, the email client, the photo viewer app etc etc...the ipad is just a much more compelling device. Last but not least the ipad simply destroys the Vaio or any netbook when it comes to gaming! The ipad is an amazing gaming device. If you haven't tried it....you're missing something.MY FINAL ANALYSIS: If I didn't have an iphone or ipod touch I'd say this would be a no brainer. The quick access to email and the internet when compared to a netbook like the vaio x is just too great of an advantage for me. When you have to wait for a device for 60 seconds to wake it up from hibernation and remember to put it to sleep so that it does not drain the battery it's just not as convenient as the ipad. Also the screen on the ipad is just amazing....However, I own BOTH an iphone and an ipod touch. Therefore for me the Vaio X is a more useful device. I also have an ebook reader, so while the ipad is a fantastic ebook reader it would be duplicating another device that I already have. I have decided to return my ipad (I am a day away from the 14 day return period) and it will cost me $70 for re stocking and another $50 or so I spent on ipad apps. Hopefully, I'll be able to use some of these apps when I upgrade to iOS4 in the near future. But $120 was the price I had to pay to know for sure that I don't need an ipad (right now). Of course IF my Vaio X were to die, I'd get an ipad in a heart beat :)