OK I received my VPad7 yesterday afternoon, and so far I'm MOSTLY Happy!It's zippy, but I do wish they had put in a 1Ghz processor. Will probably force it out of a Honeycomb Upgrade.I can not get Adobe Flash to install, but so far I haven't found that to be an issue on the web.Viewing Angels not a problem, Battery life - We'll see after it's conditioned but so far I'd estimate 4-8hrs depending on activities.Tested Transformers 720p HD and not one flickerSound from it's little speakers Impressive!Dropped my T-Mobile SIM in and BOOM instant Big Phone :D  The Speed only shows Edge, but I'm in a funky location.Phone quality - Just got off a 1 hour conference call using both the speakerphone option and the plugin headset.  No complaints from anyone. I heard the other end just fine.Reception signal is actually BETTER with this than with my actual T-Mobile HD2 phone.Highly Recommend getting a MicroUSB card as the internal memory is minimal.  Get the more expensive FAST card for better performance.Streaming music, sounds Great just as nice as an MP3.GPS works like a champ!Angry birds works great  :DMy only other Gripe is the keyboard - It functions fine, but I'd like to use the Market's Better Keyboard, which after installed and enabled - doesn't swap out for the swype keyboard that is standard.I may look into the "rooting" options that people have done with it's big brother, but so far it's handsomely accomplished everything I've tasked it with!If you're looking for a Bigger Screen Smartphone, and don't want to pay that extra Data Fee that the carriers are forcing on us, this is CURRENTLY your best option! and with that extra Data Fee you can't use it's competitors (Galaxy Tab for example) as a phone, even though they have the capability.If I have luck with rooting and installing any custom ROM, I'll post my results.  It's not a top priority ATM as it's satisfactory as it is.TO Viewsonic - Get is certified for Flash, and unlock it so I can use whatever virtual keyboard I want and you'd get 5 stars!!Update: 5/30 OK after using it awhile I've come up with two major flaws - this may be MY actual device, or an actual design flaw -  1) Charging has become a game - I have to Cinch the Power cord behind the Tablet using something to Hold it in place back there then maneuver the USB plug just right or it won't charge.  2)the "Buzzer" now goes off if you hold the the Tablet too tight or if its in my computer bag; and won't stop until you slap it.  So it now sits in a cradle, it functions fine and I still use it, but not outside of my home office.... I should have returned/exchanged it, but I had such problems getting basic information from Viewsonics' Customer Service, I just re purposed it and got the XOOM which I LOVE 110%.  Hopefully no one else has had this issue, if not for that I'd Still give it 4 Stars.