Not so long ago, I was a skeptic of any $600+ toy that fills no pre-existing need.  Now, I am a deep and thorough convert.  You should take my cynical entrance into Xoom-ownerdome with as much gravity as the fact that I am a pretty technically savyy person who had done massive research prior to purchase and has continued to evaluate options since.  I've been comparing notes daily on a friends progress with his ipad which he bought almost at the same time.  As I found apps and ways to do things on the Xoom, I've also figured them out for the ipad on his behalf.Generally speaking, the Xoom and the ipad can both do everything that we've found necessary and desirable. I have found them equally easy to set up and work with.  Having said that, I am not easily daunted by computers in general.  Still, if I were picking a device for my computer-illetarate grandmother, I would have no more hesitation handing her a Xoom than an ipad.  In fact, certain features of the Xoom would make me choose it.  Desktop widges and the general behavior of the desktop are one.  The ipad has given me a respect of apple products that I had previously lacked.  HOWEVER.  There was one reason and one reason only why I went to buy a tablet at all -- and that was to be able to hand write on the screen with a stylus, while a third party app recognized my writing and turned it into text.  The app in question work very well and exists for both devices.  However, there's a crucial difference.  On the Xoom, this app is allowed to become one of my collection of input devices.  There's the default on-screen Android keyboard which I love.  There's the handwriting pad.  There's a sliding keyboard.  I can use any of them in any application.  So, I can choose my favorite note taking or word processor app, and use any of the keyboards with it.  In ipad, everything is locked down and super-proprietory.  That's Apple's core philosophy.  So, no, you can't give a brilliant third-party app access outside of itself.  This is an example only, and an elaborate one, but you can extrapolate from there.  There are all sorts of options and controls available to me on the Xoom, that are locked down in the competition.  It might not bother some, but it would drive me nuts.  I am a huge proponent of customization.  Computers should conform to our work styles and make us more productive that way. I don't buy the answer that if I want to do something one way and it's not supported, then there's something wrong with what I want and need to learn the "right" way of thinking from a devices design limitations.  It's a major and irreversable turn off for me.  With the Xoom, there are many abilities than are missing elsewhere and would be barriers to my progress had I gone with a different device.On the physical aspects, it is a little heavier.  I wish that were not so, but I care more what's on the inside.  I can do almost everything on the Xoom that I can do in a full laptop, and this baby is a lot smaller and is always on.The screen is beautiful, large, widescreen, great resolution. I constantly watch streaming movies on it and I love it.The speakers are very good.  Seeing as I AM using it for movies so much, though, I'll be buying the speaker dock.The device is very solid and I have confidence in it.The camera is of phenominal quality - and of course there are two of them - front and back.Overall, I couldn't be happier with my choice and I find new reasons why I was right to choose this every day.