In person, the Xoom has an impressively large screen: like an angler with a fish, you feel you need to spread your hands really wide to hold it. In fact, the screen is only just wider, and very slightly thinner than the iPad's; yet the overall effect of the 16:9 aspect ratio (compared to the iPad's 4:3) is that you're holding something that's designed in Cinemascope. This turns out not to work in its favour, but we'll come to that.Turning it on is just a matter of ... where's the button? For reasons best known to themselves, the Xoom's designers have hidden the power button on the back, on the top left, recessed into the chassis. (Rory Cellan-Jones at the BBC had the same perplexed reaction.) If you need a laugh, hand one to someone who's never held one, and see how long it takes them to find it. One minute is good going, by which time they will have prodded the USB output socket, HDMI output socket, and power input socket, and volume buttons (all of which, sensibly enough, are on the side of the device).OK, power on. And now we have Honeycomb - Google's 3.0 version of Android. It has clearly been almost completely rethought for a tablet (though there are a couple of leftover references to "phone" in the system: rather than the PIN or "draw a pattern" screen of an Android phone, you get a padlock sitting in a circle; you have to drag the padlock to the edge. (Neat, though it puzzled some people I tried it on: they pressed the padlock, they pressed the circle, they didn't find the "pull the padlock to the edge" idea self-evident.) The default home screen on the Xoom is a deep blue background. As on the Android smartphones, there are five home screens; Honeycomb, though, arranges them in a carousel - you start in the centre, with two empty ones either side to which you can add apps when you swing them around, or use the button in the top right menu.And also in the top right menu, there's a button with "apps", which takes you down one level into an "apps folder". How does that make sense? Why is Honeycomb giving us a pit into which apps are dumped, while also presenting you with four completely empty screens? It's not as if there are too many apps: the default installation has 24 buried in that folder, while each of the five screens can take at least 48 apps.This is bad user interface design which reduces the chance of people using apps - and hence the tablet. Forcing the user to head down into a folder and then make apps return to the surface to use them means you're less likely to find them. Some people (because remember, some people who use computers and tablets are not that savvy) won't notice the "Apps" tag in the top right for quite some time. The most powerful setting on any computer is "default": it's what most people use most of the time. Google isn't doing itself any favours with the Honeycomb defaults.The Xoom does well - it achieved as much as the iPad. Ten hours, more or less - although note that Flash will halve that. You think you don't spend all your time watching Flash? If you open a lot of commercial web pages with adverts or (of course) watch YouTube, you're hitting Flash. More on this later.Flash aside, the battery life is longer than a typical working day. You can tweak the life by changing how quickly the screen turns off, dimming the screen, turning off Wi-Fi, and so on.Note though that setting the screen's off delay will mean turning it on a lot - and reaching around for that power button quickly gets tedious. In fact, that back-mounted button is my major criticism of the Xoom itself; yes, it falls under the left index finger if you pick the device up in the correct orientation, but you won't always. And if it's lying down and turns off, picking it up is a pain. Contrast having a button on the front and/or side (both, with the iPad): much easier to activate.I can also say that OS based it looks like Android was the good choice for this tablet, and i hope they can bring a 7 inch tablet "Motorola"