I love love love this thing. I'm an artist and before this I used a Wacom with my laptop. This proved to be a cumbersome set up. The problem was there was no viable replacement. Tablets didn't have styluses; those that did only could use it in proprietary software (see HTC Flyer). I didn't really want to buy a touchscreen laptops since it would be a bit of a redundant purchase. Then I found the Lenovo thinkpad.I use mine daily as a digital sketchbook. The program I use is Sketchbook Mobile for Autodesk. The Thinkpad (as far as I've been able to find thus far) is the ONLY tablet that supports stylus input for this app (which thus far is THE app for drawing with android). The input via the pen is fluid, comfortable, and easy. Pressure sensitivity works well.The included software is IMO mostly junk. One is just a trial too: printershare; you only can use it 20 times then you have to buy it. Notes works pretty good at converting your writing to text. I found the Lenovo widgets tend to crash a lot, not to mention a little ugly. You don't have to use these and you probably shouldn't. I cant speak for citix or any of the security stuff, but my point is don't buy this for the "free apps" that come with it.I've experience only a few hiccups here and there, nothing major, while using the tablet. Things like a tiny momentary lapse in recognition by the pen, or very occasionally when changing orientation things can get a little wonky. I attribute this mostly to honeycomb, and not the tablet. The speaker sucks, but they are workable. One nice thing is the task manager Lenovo built in making it easy to switch/close apps on demand. I find the carousel less useful just because I forget to use it.One major complaint I see frequently is that it cant charge while in use. This give the impression that you need to shut it off to have it charged. This isn't the case, its only if you actively are using the device that it won't charge. It will stay at the same battery level though. Frankly I don't see where this would be a major problem since it lasts me all day easily with plenty of heavy usage (again I'm drawing on it mostly, but also using wifi for facebook and music and the occasional netflix).Another complaint I've seen is the boot time. Seriously its like 60 seconds max, I don't even think its that much. I think if you're complaining about having to wait a minute, then you need some help. How often are you booting/ rebooting your tablet anyway?Overall if you're a creative type this is the tablet for you. Its the only one (right now) that can sufficiently meet your needs in terms of creation. I'm super satisfied with it.ONE NOTE: The Tigerdirect 16gig model does not ship with the pen, you need to purchase it separately. They also ship slowly (I ended up with 3 days "processing" time; I got the case and pen nearly 5 days before I got the tablet), so be aware.***UPDATE***I received the OTA install of ICS; makes the device run much smoother. Still an occasional hiccup, but overall makes the tablet 10x better.