I was hoping that this could replace a Kindle or be an alternative to the iPad but it turned out to be neither, which isn't a bad thing but means it's yet another devise to add to my "must haves" (Kindle and iPad). Great.  At least the price makes it less painful.  Many others have more detailed specs and are more qualified to provide them so I'll stick to my thoughts after spending hours on it.I wish they didn't tag this device a "Kindle" which instilled the hope that I could trade in my Kindle DX for the Kindle Fire but the lack of an e-ink display makes it the same reading experience as using the Kindle app on an iPad.  Okay but not as great as the regular Kindle line which is close to reading a physical book and the lack of 3G makes this Fire very affordable but not as convenient as the Kindle.  Also, it does not work as a replacement for an iPad since it has no real working document ability, much smaller screen, no cameras and the apps are media oriented.  I do not think these two devices should be compared.The Kindle Fire does shine as a media tablet and nothing else comes close at this price.  It blows the Nook and other super e-Readers away.  The gorilla glass display is durable and the resolution is very good.  The screen is only 7" but compares well against other e-Readers and even close to tablets (Samsung Galaxy has 8" model).  They advertise an operating system of Silk but digging shows Android 2.3; all I know is that it operates smoothly and nothing like other tablets running Android operating systems.  Smooth touch system and screen keyboard.  I found no issues and am very happy Kindle took this direction since switching between Apple and Kindle devices proved frustrating (I'd swipe at the screen automatically and as much as I love my Kindle, it always made it seem archaic with button controls).  It seamlessly provides my Amazon MP3 player, Amazon-on-Demand videos, Netflix, Kindle books, Facebook, Android apps (games) and plenty of cool additions.  My sons really like the comic book option!  It also allows easy import of iTune material.  Yes, the Kindle Fire is Amazon centric just like iDevices are with Apple but at least Amazon is more open and allows non-Amazon material.  Given a choice, I'd pick my music, book and video libraries from Amazon every time over iTunes.  As it is new, I need to test the battery and will provide an update after more usage. Although I will note being unhappy with this charging plug being different from other Kindle devices which were interchangeable.I am less pleased with the fact it only offers wi-fi connectivity, 8 GB option only; and the micro usb port instead of a standard usb port.  I understand the economics behind wi-fi only but it makes this tablet less useful when traveling outside the home and could involve usage fees.  Secondly, Amazon Cloud helps expand storage but at a price.  Offering the first 5GB free (with more available at a reasonable price) and have all Amazon purchases stored free helps but what if Amazon Cloud goes down?  Good luck getting access then and 8 GB fills up quick if you are storing books on Kindle, your Amazon MP3 collection, games and any videos, magazines, etc.  Lastly, having a micro usb port means carrying around an extra cable for use with standard usb ports.  Seriously, who wants to carry around more cables?  which makes this connectivity less useful.  Overall, these are minor when compared to the services and options provided for $199.I am happy with this purchase.  Nothing else on the market can compare to this media based tablet for $199!  And I have tried more than a few.  I wish Amazon wasn't so crafty with their creation of a devise that does not replace either the Kindle or the iPad but the low price point makes it easy to swallow.  If I had to choose just one tablet, I'd lean toward a wi-fi and 3G device but at $199 with no monthly fees, it will appeal to many as the tablet to own.