I couldn't wait to get home so I could finally try the Le Pan TC 970 tablet in person. After reading the other reviews here on Amazon and on other places online, I was so excited that I skipped dinner and tested the Le Pan immediately. This would have been my first Android device. I already have a desktop PC, a Macbook, iPhone, the Kindles, but I love those widgets on the home screens of Android running devices. Aside from the relatively low price, I also like the size of the Le Pan compared to the other Android tablets, specifically for pdf files. The ability to comfortably read and annotate pdf files is my main purpose for buying a tablet.Anyway, after configuring with my WiFi, I finally got the Le Pan hooked up to my home network. The thing I noticed, though, was that even though I was two feet from my router, the signal strength icon was at the lowest apex level on the Le Pan. The device also kept disconnecting, so I had to wait for the Le Pan to scan and reconnect to my network, which was very slow and super annoying, of course, but I thought maybe it was just my inexperience with the Android system. I went to the Le Pan website using my Macbook, which was in my room, maybe 50 feet away, to download the user's manual to see if I was doing anything wrong.  The signal strength icon on my Macbook was at full strength, even though it's far from the router compared to the Le Pan.  After an hour of connecting/disconnecting, the Le Pan frooze, so I had to get a paper clip to press the reset button.  After resetting, web surfing was still so sluggish.  At this point the battery was almost empty, so I charged it.  While it was charging, it turns out that you could not use the Le Pan.  After reading the manual again, it seems you could NOT use the device during the first charge.  So I went to bed and let it charge overnight, hoping for better performance in the morning.  Again, web surfing was so sluggish!  Also it kept crashing and just totally died - the screen went all black, even though I had laid it down and didn't touch the power button. I thought maybe using apps instead would be easier and faster, but the results were just as bad. I tried logging in to the Facebook and Kindle apps, but got the "failed" and "try again later" messages over and over. When a website did load successfully, the touch screen was frequently inaccurate - it kept opening the link next to the one I wanted to open.  I could not endure any more torture and had to repack it to return the device as soon as the post office reopens after Thanksgiving. I didn't even bother to see if I could use the Le Pan during the succeeding charges or how my pdf files would look on it.I didn't have any problems with the power button as some of the other users. I thought it was odd, though, that there were already bookmarks on the browser when I didn't bookmark any websites. I do agree that the usb end does NOT insert flush with the power adapter, which was weird and emblematic of the cheapness of this product.