I bought my wife the iPad for her birthday a few months ago, and she's very happy with it.  However, she mostly uses it to watch Chinese YouTube videos and to surf a small set of web sites.  She occasionally uses the built-in apps (NYTimes, ABCnews, etc.)  Again, she's very happy with it in this limited capacity.We're also both very happy with the build quality and the fact that it works just like our iPhones - so the learning curve is 0.Where the iPad really falls down is when you want to (or have to!) visit web sites that use Adobe Flash.  No matter what Steve Jobs says about Flash (it being a battery hog, etc.) he did his customers an extreme disservice not giving *them* the choice.  His claim that only a small part of the Web uses Flash is pretty much a lie.  Just try to visit any commercial site that attempts to show its customers 360degree views of its products - none of them display with the iPad.  We're not talking minor web sites - try [...] (you can't even see their main page with the iPad because it's *entirely* flash based), volvo.com, honda.com, toyota.com.  Many games web sites use Adobe Flash for their games - again, none of them display on the iPad (I won't even go into the iPad's inability to display Java - forget about all the web sites that use it for games, or other content).And there's pretty much no chance that Steve Jobs will ever change his mind with regards to supporting Adobe Flash on either the iPad or the iPhone or the iPod Touch.  He simply decided that you should not have a choice in this matter.So while we enjoy the iPad for what it does, I can't give it 5 stars - because it is unable to browse a large swath of the Internet.If you want to be able to browse *all* Web pages with a tablet, you're better off getting an Android 2.2 (or above) based tablet - such as the Samsung Galaxy and a slew of other forthcoming tablets.  They all support Flash.-------------Update (Feb. 1, 2013): It's now three years later and Apple still doesn't support Flash.  But, guess what?  IT NO LONGER MATTERS!  Most web sites have moved their content to HTML 5.  We've moved on from from our original iPad to the iPad Retina, and from there to the iPad Air.  And we've been deliriously happy with all of them!  An added benefit of buying Apple products: you get a decent trade-in value!  Each time we traded in our old iPads (by the way Amazon has a great trade-in program for iOS devices), we've gotten at least two hundred dollars.  The competition gets you next to nothing in trade-in (I know - I bought my parents a Kindle HDX 8.9" a bit over a year ago - that's already only worth $90 - on Amazon's own trade-in store!)So I'm upgrading the iPad review to 5 stars.  Flash is simply no longer an issue.