I was very hesitant to buy the Kindle Fire. I was a happy nook Color owner and still own an Apple iPad. I didn't need a high end tablet, since I already had one. What I wanted was a high quality LCD reading device that made it easy to get to content, primarily books but not limited to them. The nook Color worked just fine but I am very much tied to the Amazon store. My wife has a kindle (2nd generation) and we've purchased hundreds of books from Amazon. Getting these books onto my nook Color involved rooting, modding, and otherwise customizing the nook Color.It was a major pain in the rear.Enter the Kindle Fire.So far, I have immensely enjoyed the Kindle Fire. I turned on the device, registered, and was prompted to download an update (no pc required). After updating, I saw that several of my recently purchased books were already sitting in the carousel. That's exactly what I was looking for. No rooting, modding, and hacking my way to my Kindle books. It's not a perfect device but it works very well for what I do with it: read books, surf the web occasionally, and play just a few games.Hardware:The device is very well built and feels solid. I feel like there could be a slightly wider bevel around the screen but it's not uncomfortable to hold. The screen is fantastic, but even at its lowest brightness it is still a little too bright for blackout bed reading. To get around that I installed an app called Screen Filter which lowers the brightness of text just a little bit more. The speakers are not that great but the headphone jack produces very good sound. I've played a few CPU-intensive games and they all seem to work great--much better than on the nook Color, which is expected given the Kindle Fire's hardware. Some reviews have complained that there are no hardware buttons on the device. I can see their point, but I don't change the volume on the device often enough to need a dedicated button. I would like to see a home button that also acts as a launcher to an app switcher. Right now, switching between reading a book, the browser, or an app takes too many taps.Software:There are a few rough edges that Amazon needs to smoothe out but, overall, the software on the Kindle Fire is very good for a first release. In fact, Amazon have already put out two updates since I bought the Kindle Fire.  The reading app is missing some key features, such as page numbers and the sharing features, but I'm sure they'll come soon enough. Page turns are smooth except when not connected to a wireless network. For some reason, and this may just be my impression, the animation stutters a bit when I'm not connected. I've already used the built-in feedback app on the Kindle Fire to report this.My biggest complaint about the Kindle Fire software, is the carousel. Amazon meant well but it's not executed very well. There's no way to filter out content or even to manually hide items from the carousel. It was meant to be a quick way to access recent content, and in a sense that's true, but it also shows all of the cloud content purchased on your account. So if you share an account with your spouse, you will see all of your spouse's purchases in the carousel. I think a software update that allows you to control what the content displays will go a long way to making it more useful.So, overall, I am very happy with my purchase. I would recommend the Kindle Fire to anyone who wants an LCD reading device that can also handle music, video, the web, and simple apps. The Kindle Fire will not take the place of my iPad which, with its larger screen and more powerful operating system, will handle the bulk of my non-PC computing needs.