UPDATE 2/24: I had decided that I would just live with the poor wifi since I am unconvinced that Asus can repair anything, but yesterday the unit took 24 hours to get a 50% increase in battery charge.  I still have not heard from a supervisor and will be sending it back to them for the 3rd time.  I really wish I had an ipdad mini...UPDATE 2/19: They found my Nexus after 7 days and it was repaired withing a few hours.  When we got it back after a 7 day shipping, no kidding, it had the same problem!  I think they may have just sent it out without any work.  I spent 45 minutes waiting for a supervisor who said I should mail it back (for a 3rd time.) When I asked about her supervisor, I was told that they just weren't available and maybe I could hear from them in 2 days or so.  $250 and it is a paper weight.  I want to cry that I have wasted $250 for nothing.  I have owned this for 84 days and it has worked for 34.  This is the only product for which I have ever left a negative review.UPDATE 2/13:  I shipped my Asus back to the repair center, and Fedex says it was delivered 6 days ago.  No one at Asus can find it. Anywhere.  What a mess.  The guy said sorry, but they have a lot of tablets to repair.  I bet they do...UPDATE 2/5:  So after paying over $20 with insurance to send the nexus back, I received it and the original problem had been fixed.  However, while fixing it, they damaged the wifi connector. (This is something I found several instances of on the web.) Prior to the "repair", I could use the nexus all over my house, and even say 2 of my neighbor's networks.  Now, I can only use it if I sit next to the router.  Also, they have an RMA Status page to check how your repair is going.  Mine never showed up as having been received even though I had delivery confirmation.  I will be shipping my nexus back to Asus again today.  Again, buy an ipad mini.ORIGINAL: I would have written a glowing review during the first month like so many on here but then the tablet got a black screen while using it. After trying to get it to turn back on for more than an hour, it powered up. Then I couldn't see anything but the battery icon charging. After another hour, it restarted but it no longer would charge when the unit was on and still won't. The touchscreen periodically stops working as well. Now I have to send it back for repairs which take 14 business days plus transit meaning that I will be without this for almost as long as I have had it.If you google "nexus 7 won't charge", you will see tons of people are having this problem after they have the unit for a month or two. Buy an Ipad mini - at least they are directly responsible for their own equipment and service. Google and Asus just blame each other.