I've actually had the Xoom since last September.  I've finally gotten around to constructing a review.  My reasoning for even getting a tablet of any kind was for school.  I'm enrolled in electronics engineering but it's an online curriculum, so most of the text books are ebooks.  I do a lot of recreational reading so I hate reading theoretical material on my laptops for too long.  Also, I do most of my reading at night so the fan bothers my wife when she's trying to sleep and I'm not a fan of the heat output.  So I was able to trick myself into getting the Xoom.  At the time of my research, I was initially going to get the Samsung Galaxy.  The thing that stopped me was the Xoom had more storage and was like $50 cheaper if I recall correctly.  Also, Samsung and Apple were in their legal dispute.Now about the actual device.  The internal storage of 32GB is nice; the expansion capabilities are even better.  I love my multimedia so the more the better.  I'm never bored when my wife and I are traveling via bus, train, or plane.  The 1GB of RAM is sufficient for this tablet.  I'm content with the resolution.  Forgive me, but I haven't done any video recording or taken any pictures with this.  I honestly think it would feel pretty awkward doing so.  But I suppose it's good to have these capabilities at your disposal.  I have skyped with my sister who's on a deployment.  The picture is pretty clear, considering it's a tablet and not a laptop or desktop.Bluetooth connectivity is what you would expect.  This allows me to connect to my headphones and do morning cardio on the elliptical with no problems.  The power button being on the back really isn't a problem for me.  But then again, this is my first and only tablet so I'm not really comparing it to anything.  The glare from the screen can be quite bothersome at times.  When I'm traveling by bus to the city it's pretty hard to read.  Also another problem for me is the media players.  I'm using MX video player for the Xoom and my Droid Razr.  No Android VLC yet; still in production.  What's the big deal?  VLC plays mkv no problem.I downloaded the ICS upgrade when it was available.  There are a few upgrades over Honeycomb.  In my opinion, it wouldn't have been a deal breaker.  This was my first Android driven device so I was impressed from the start.I won't make this too long so I'll cut it short.  Overall, I'm more than content with this purchase.  I can do all the reading I want at night.  Browsing the internet is faster than I anticipated and the user interface learning curve wasn't as long as I thought it would be since this was my first Android device of any kind.  If you're anything like me, the current lack of VLC compatibility or screen glare might be annoying.  However, don't let it stop you from at least trying this device out.  Especially if you don't want to pay full price for the Xoom 2.  That being said, ask yourself what you plan on doing with this device before you buy one at all.  I've read or viewed reviews on most of them and it usually boils down to personal preference.  I chose the Xoom and I'm very satisfied.