I ordered this TV brand new from Amazon just before Christmas 2012. Great price from Amazon. Amazon delivered as promised. TV screen started going "white" on it's own randomly within 5 days. This gets a little long, but I prefer everyone sees it so they understand. I called Toshiba direct on Jan 9th. They said the screen needs to be replaced, and they will do it no charge. They filed a claim and told me a repair rep would get to me within 48 hours. A week later I called Toshiba back. They said I needed to call the repair firm direct (why didn't they mention this the first time?) I called the repair firm direct. The company was Nexicore, who is a separate firm that does warranties. Nexicore needed to contact a repair firm in my area. Another 2 weeks went by. I called Nexicore AGAIN. They said the part had not come in yet, but when it does the local repair tech would contact me by phone and e-mail. Another 2 weeks went by, and I called Nexicore yet another time on Feb 1st 2012. They said the part was in and the repair tech had called and left messages (according to him). I told them nope, there is no way, and I never received an e-mail either, like I was supposed to. I originally gave them my business phone number and check messages daily. I re-confirmed the telephone numbers they had on file. I also gave them my cell number, and my cell phone is on me at all times. I am supposed to be getting "a call soon." If not, I will call my credit card company, give them my exact documentation of 6 attempts to get this issue taken care of, and insist this TV be returned. I am a pretty understanding and laid back guy, but this is pushing it in my book. If I don't end up returning this, next time, I will spend a little more money and go with the V brand, which I have a 37". I had one small problem with the 37" V brand TV I had. That company was right on it, and I mean right now. Bottom line is that Toshiba repair service is very slow and unorganized. I have no idea if this will be fixed correctly. Whereas the TV looks great, colors are good, clarity is good, size is nice, apps work well, 3D works well, I would not buy another Toshiba because of the poor unorganized, very slow, and un-clarified service. Sorry folks. The TV is nice, but poor service counts with me.UPDATE: It's nearly a year later now. The tech finally came out and replaced the screen on this TV after multiple telephone calls on my part. He said "I hate to tell you this, but it's not the screen. It's the mother board, but Toshiba says we have to repair it this way......one step at a time. I cannot tell you how many of these I have attempted to fix." Needless to say, I gave up after the problem was still there right after the tech replaced the screen (and he saw it). I called Amazon to return it. Amazon was really great to deal with, since I was past the 30 day mark. Once I explained the situation, and how long I had to wait to deal with repair service, they said "pack it up and return it...we will credit you for it." Thank you Amazon!! What a great company to deal with. I ended up buying a 55" Vizio with Internet, and I'm really glad I did. It's the 4th one I own, and I have only had one small issue with my 37" once. They were right on it, and fixed it immediately. That is now my brand for TV's, and why I replaced the Toshiba with a Vizio. I have had great luck with them. Unless Toshiba has improved their product and repair service, I would stay away from them for TV's.