Ok, this is the first review we have felt compelled to actually take the time to write.  We have been tracking the laservue for some time, and decided to wait for the next generation when Mitsubishi released its original 65" version of this TV - to let them get the bugs out, so to speak.  It was well worth the wait - I saw people review this TV and give it poor ratings based on the price without even owning it - I am glad these reviews were purged - complete and utter nonsense.  Basically you get what you pay for - we think we received a lot of value for this TV.  The picture is phenomenal without adjustments, other than not using the bright color option - we opted for the cinema color mode.  I saw on other reviews that the bright color option makes everything look cartoonish and unreal, and we agree.  Cinema mode is perfect for our tastes.  The only nit-picky thing is that the built in speakers aren't that great, but then again, whomever is buying this TV is unlikely to be without a good audio system.  We are picking on it a bit, mainly because I had to figure out how to get our Bose sound system to be controllable with the remote, and this is more a Bose issue because their equipment is RF controlled rather than IR.  My brother is a real video/audio phile (just his projector for his home theater cost many multiples of this TV), and even he is impressed - I thought he would never admit it.  The clarity from Blue ray and Hi-def pictures is amazing - almost like looking at a live 3D picture there is so much depth and clarity.  So, in summary, we would purchase this again in a heart-beat - no regrets.  We have had this TV for nearly 2 months using it with Verizon's FIOS, Sony PS3 (mainly for the blu-ray), and Wii.  We did get the 3d set up as well, but at the moment, there isn't a lot of content that allows us to take advantage of it - even the 3D kit that comes with the TV doesn't have a 3D movie included - just an intro from Disney (really cheesy - they could have at least included one good title for the $$ spent).Update - found out probably why no 3d movies were included, so we can't complain too much - apparently 3d content providers signed deals with the different tv manufacturers to include exclusive movies with each of their sets for a period of time.  Guess Mitsubishi didn't get on that licensing boat, can't really blame them.I saw someone give this 4 out of 5 stars purely by seeing this TV at a store, and not by owning it or being able to compare to other hi def equipment that is directly owned by other video-philes, etc.  That drives us nuts.  Seeing a TV in a store without someone there to adjust the TV for you and/or to make sure the best source of video is being sent to that TV is a waste of time.  Most stores do not hook up content to their TVs one of one to a specific source, like a blu-ray, instead it is routed through splitters, amplifiers, etc.  The person basically said the picture wasn't as sharp as other TVs.  Ugh.  The picture on this TV, even at 75" is razor sharp out of high def sources, especially blu-ray.  If you take a source from a non hi-def player, or run it through an amplifier, etc. of course you won't have the best viewing experience.  If you want to compare, you need to go to specialty retailer and make sure that the source on each tv you are comparing to is identical, and the TV is adjusted appropriately (color, etc. - see our comment regarding default color on this TV can cause some issues regarding the picture).In addition, TVs have different characteristics - for example Plasmas tend to be brighter, on the other hand their screens are very reflective.  We looked at the top end Panasonic plasma, but it wasn't as large, and the reflective screen was a big issue - we have a ton of windows (14 4'x2' windows) in our great room which would make the plasma, even for its extra brightness, a disaster.  Yes, this TV isn't quite as bright as a plasma - on the other hand, it isn't Dim either - more like a traditional DLP.  It is fine even in a brightly lit room, although sometimes we do turn up the brightness a little if we are watching something special during the day. The reality is we do most of watching of movies, etc. at night where brightness isn't an issue at all.Update Jan 2012 - Still loving the TV.  Picture still crisp and bright, no issues.  Would still buy this TV again in a heartbeat.  I was sorry to see some people rate this poorly because they received a TV damaged in transit....  really not a fault of the TV itself.  I would suggest don't give up on it - just get it repaired or replaced under warranty.  Still a little bummed over the lack of good 3-D content.  We did find one shortcoming because the 3-D processor is external with one HDMI input - we have to switch what cable goes through it - the PlayStation3 for the blu-ray vs the FIOS dvr...  would be nice if it was built in.  when there gets to be more content out there, I can see I am going to have to get an automated DVI switch