I was told that this TV has been out for about a year  back in Korea. 3D channels are available for sports fans in Korea and their prices are quite competitive to regular ones of the same picture quality.I have purchased this TV, spending a little more now, hoping that the TV will last for a decade. Paid $2000 with a free promotional 250gb external HDD to be used as Tivo and a usb stick that transfers your home wi-fi that will connect you to Samsung's sites that show some converted Youtube and other internet features all on TV. An additional webcam the company sells will allow me to have skype. But I already have two laptops while watching TV in the same room. Technology is all there to be explored, at least.There are handful of 3D signal contents in US, and Korean Cable TV channels. I have no intention to buy 3D blue-ray player yet, hence no other tests but the TV only.The contents I watched is quite good, but, not as 3 dimensional as IMAX 3D movies. But, it does convert any TV signals into 3d and if you can endure a bit of crossed-eye sickness initially, you will enjoy most of images in 3D(with the front figures and far background)The sound is quite crisp and I never had to increase sound volume to 25% at any time. And, no dull bass sound.I am surprised that they are not in stock in USA since the end of November. But this has been a popular feature in Korea as people get digit satellite 3Ds now and then from their cable subscription, and some of US Comcast. And, their price has hit the bottom. The other LCD/LED  TV without 3D is $500 cheaper. They all come with wide viewing angles, sold color with right brightness, and sound. 240HZ/480zHz are definitely better choices.The 3D glasses with rechargeable batteries, after clicking a few times of your remote conrol, and its red wine accent, and green power LED lamp,You will hear a buzzing sound then 3D show starts in true senses. It is not like using the plastic 3D disposable ones we used, for Avatar.They are slightly big but very comfortable when worn. Two sets come with TV and I was told it is about $120 per each extra, but I think the price should come down a lot so that more than 2 people can enjoy the 3D programs at once, especially when the screen size is 46 and 55.The only thing I don't like about this TV is the actual metal chrome stand. Just cheaply made looking like an aluminum forged handcraft-dull sheen.In Korea, the stand come with a motorized version with extra $150-200, that swivel the entire TV to your viewing angles. The same features are available in 4 different wall-bracket versions. I am sure all 6 options will be available in USA.Overall rating for me, is almost 5. definitely higher than 4.5 ;) And, I hope this becomes more of the standard for any Samsung products from now on.