When the sound on my old analog tube TV started to give out, I started looking for an HD set that would fit in our furniture. I didn't want to go with a plasma due to the constrained space and the heat they put out, so I was zeroing on the Sony LCDs until their new sets came out with the goofy glass trim around the sides that pushed their 42" set past my available space. Looking at the rest of the field I considered the Sharp Aquos, but after seeing it and the Samsung set in person at a local bigbox store I decided that the color, contrast, and overall picture were just better on the Samsung.After something of a quest I ordered the Samsung LNT-4061F 40inch LCD HDTV on August 14th from Amazon. The set arrived via Eagle on August 22nd. The guy who delivered it did not seem to know much about the Amazon white glove service he was supposed to be part of - according to my wife he was more about getting his signature quickly and getting back on the road - but that was fine with me, as I wanted to do the unpacking.I also wanted to double check the serial number on the outside of the box. In my prepurchase research I discovered sets built before June have experienced an HDMI handshaking issue (thank you AVSFORUM) that Samsung is taking care of though their service organization, but I wanted to make sure my new set was outside that range - and it was: According to the SN coding, my new TV was built the end of July. The Samsung packing system is really excellent, and the set was perfect when I unpacked it.I hooked up my new Oppo upsampling DVD player via HDMI, my old AV receiver, and standard cable via coax that my old set was using, and turned on the set. After initial calibration (again, thanks AVSFORUMS) I scanned through my available signals and found all the standard def plus five local HD signals available on my existing cable service level, and I proceeded to be gobsmacked by the amazing picture on this great set. I have never been much of a sports fan, but I was mesmerized by the US Open coverage over HD broadcast - really just incredible. Whenever the networks put the effort into sending through a solid HD signal, this set makes the best of it. Switching over to an SD signal, the Samsung did a fine job with those as well.Then I fired up the DVD player. The Oppo uses a very high end upconverter chip, and once I got it set to output 1080p signal via HDMI, the quality of the upconversion really shone through on the Samsung. We had been watching the second season of Rome, so that disk happened to be in the player, and the picture just jumped out at us. The matte finish of the LCD screen makes this set relatively insensitive to ambient lighting, displaying the picture very well if window coverings are open or lights are on in the room.The Samsung remote is easy to figure out and to configure to control other equipment (though sadly not my Oppo DVD player), and the sound from the bottom-mounted built-in speakers is very clean, with dialog understandable even in noisier segments of movies.Overall I highly recommend the Samsung LNT-4061F. For those not as space constrained as I was, take a look at the next size up 46inch set (LNT-4661F) that shares the back end and with this set.