I purchased this TV after I ran into problems with THREE Samsung LN40C650's. The Samsungs all had terrible backlight bleeding and flashlighting and was totally unacceptable to say the least.I spent countless hours at Best Buy after I changed my mind about Samsung TVs and this Sony TV was in the running with the LG 42LD550.Upon comparison of the two, I noticed the Sony did seem to have slightly better PQ and it seemed to handle motion and patterns better than the LG. On the flip side, the LG does have an extra 2" of screen, internet features and the menu settings were slightly more customizable than the Sony.Ultimately, I decided that the PQ was most important and though the internet features would be nice (with the LG) I could always connect my laptop or Roku (via HDMI).The TV was shipped via UPS and arrived with the box in near perfect condition. I allowed sufficient time for the TV to warm up and at the end of the day, I assembled the stand and hooked up the TV to my desktop computer via VGA.ASSEMBLY & QUALITY:Assembly was quick and effortless, but I have to mention that the quality of this TV compared to the Samsung is definitely lacking. Everything is made of plastic...from the stand to the remote and to the TV. The Samsung stand is made from about 9 lbs of glass and metal and the back of the Samsung TV is made from metal. The only thing plastic on the Samsung is the bracket that attaches the TV to the stand, but this plastic is about 1/2" thick and is actually more rigid than the little bit of metal Sony used for the bracket that attaches the TV to the base of the stand.If I would have purchased this Sony TV from Best Buy (or other local retailer) for approximately $800-900 (what it has sold for in the past) I would have immediately boxed it back up and returned it. I can't believe Sony can offer such a cheesy product with absolutely no additional features (such as internet) for a premium price.NETFLIX THRU DESKTOP COMPUTER:After everything was set up, I connected my desktop computer to the TV (via VGA) and signed in to my Netflix account so I could do a preliminary test.I watched "My Cousin Vinny" and was impressed with the PQ even though I was watching it in SD.I then packed everything up, went home and setup the TV in my bedroom (it's new home).HD CABLE & UPCONVERTED SD DVDs:Like the Samsungs, the Sony has an Optical Audio out, which works just perfect for me since my receiver has that connection. There seemed to be almost no audio lag at all and the sound was more even compared to the Samsung. When watching cable programming with the Samsung, I needed to turn the volume way down, but with DVDs I needed to turn it way up. With the Sony, both cable programming and DVDs play at about the same level and I don't have to keep fidgeting with the volume on my receiver.HD cable looks just fine on this set and I would say the PQ is above average, but is still lacking when compared to the Samsung. The Sony does have more "noise" overall, but I found that if you change the Noise Reduction setting to high, this helps tremendously.Upconverted SD DVDs were played with outstanding clarity BUT ONLY with daytime scenes. With dark scenes, the PQ was very grainy. I wonder if this may be due to the upconverted DVD player. I think maybe the process of upconversion is not playing nicely with the Bravia engine software. I will try to hook up my DVD player via component cables to see if that reduces the grainy image during dark scenes.The Samsung had absolutely no problem playing HD cable or upconverted SD DVDs.MOTIONFLOW:I don't like this feature...probably because you can't really fine-tune it. You can choose from Off, Standard or High. With the Samsung, I preferred to have their comparable feature turned to Clear, but you had about 4 settings to choose from and you could individually adjust the blur & jitter. Again, for a slightly sub $1,000 TV, I can't believe Sony didn't offer more.SCREEN UNIFORMITY:This TV does have some very slight uniformity issues. There is an extremely small amount of flashlighting in the upper corners and in the upper middle of the screen, but I've only noticed this once during the movie I watched - which did have quite a bit of dark scenes. Compared to the Samsung, the Sony is perfect. You wouldn't believe the extreme amount of screen issues I experienced with the 3 Samsungs.AFFORDABILITY:For under $600 how can you go wrong? The TV works & looks good and the PQ is probably next in line compared to the Samsung. Though it lacks some key features, it is a solid performer and I hope it lasts for quite a while.