I was on the HDTV hunt for our family room for close to a year and my issue was that we had a cabinet built some time ago for a 36" giant tube TV, so I had size restrictions. I did my homework both online and in the stores and this is the TV we bought based on best picture for the dollar. We have this TV for about a month now...our source is Comcast HD Cable connected via Component Cables, and the picture is awesome! We also have an Oppo upconverting DVD player connected via HDMI and it too is unbelievably clear with near HD quality....plus a Sony 5 DVD player connected via Component input and that is very clear for a 480p picture.I too was going to go 42" Samsung DLP or Sony 3 LCD (they fit) but with the off axis viewing being somewhat tricky as to get that nice clear HD picture from anywhere in the room with them, the plasma was the way to go. You can sit ANYWHERE in the family room and get a perfect picture, period!..center, left, right, standing (watching football) and even the kids laying on the floor right in front get a great picture. We had a 8yo Sony 41" rear projection (standard definition TV that fit) and I guess you can imagine how much better this is. We also have 23" HD LCD in the kitchen and 32" HD LCD in our bedroom, so we are no strangers to the HD experience...but this TV is so bright and crystal clear, I can't tell put in words how fantastic the picture is. Like a lot of others, we looked at the model down, the 60U, but this model has an anti-glare screen, faster processing of the signal, MUCH better sound system, Cable Card capabilities (we don't use it), and the SD card input in the front so we can view our pictures from our digital cameras, which by the way, is a very cool feature!....and all this for around $100 to $150 more, which I think is really worth it. Plus, it has a little nicer look with the silver mixed with the black edge around the screen versus the all silver 60U model. The sound is so good, we find ourselves not using the surround sound system as much...the bass is very prominent and the voices are very clear, way better than your normal TV sound system.The onscreen interface for all the internal controls is very easy to use and if you look on some of the High Definition forums for this model on the Internet, some people have posted the settings they use to get an even better picture. We went with the Panasonic for another reason as well because it was the only model that had the controls on the FRONT of the TV for the Volume, Channel, etc....and the Auxiliary Inputs too (if I can't find the remotes, teenagers!). Most 42" plasmas we looked at...Samsung, LG, and Hitachi had all the controls on the sides of the screen and Auxiliary Inputs on the sides behind the screen so if you want to plug in the video camera or a video game, it's a bit of a hassle, especially in our cabinet. As for playing video games and being concerned about "burn in" issues, this TV has an anti-burn-in technology to prevent this from happening in terms of a counter scanning line input onto the screen and a screen saver that senses the still image. The Panasonic has the best screen, 9th Generation technology, with a 60,000 hour HALF LIFE....double the other brands! Now that this TV is in the $1.400.00 price point, it's a no brainer to purchase if you are in this price range. I bought from a brick & motar store in NJ that matched J&R;'s (NY) price at the time ($1,450) but I have 3 friends that have bought from Amazon...a 56" Samsung DLP, a Sharp 32" LCD, and a Sony XBR 60" rear projection LCD...each sale went flawlessly and delivery was great with all the TVs arriving in perfect condition (I installed all 3 TVs so I know). Buy this TV, you will be thrilled, and from Amazon with the utmost confidence!