I wanted to post my thoughts here to inform potential buyers and also to beg Sony to do the right thing and stand behind their products.  Even if it's one of their lower end models, $1,000+ is still a significant amount of money to pay for something that doesn't work properly.I personally own the 52 inch model of this set (KDL-52v5100), but have used the other size models as well.  My comments here pertain to issues that apparently plague the entire Sony Bravia V and S series and have NOT been addressed by the latest firmware update available as of this date.  The bang for the buck on this TV would be great, if not for these issues.  The worst part of it is that Sony has seemingly been completely silent on the issues and has so far refused to acknowledge or do anything about it.  If Sony would just address these issues, my rating would increase significantly.  I've been a lifelong Sony customer, but at this point I cannot imagine buying or recommending another Sony product if this is how they support their products.  I'm really hoping they come through and address this appropriately and restore my faith in the Sony brand.While some common LCD problems, such as clouding and flashlighting do affect some other owners, here is a summary of the two major problems I have personally experienced with these Sony TVs:1.  Visual Problem (Red Flashing) - In some programs, red items in the scene will flash as though someone is boosting the color saturation momentarily.  You can see this color shift in faces, but also in other objects.  This happens on all inputs and with many TV shows, movies, etc.  I see it a lot in the set background of The Daily Show.  There is a whole lot of information about this issue on avsforums, various youtube videos, etc.  Many owners have had multiple service visits and exchanged TVs, without resolving the problem.  There is simply no way that Sony does not know how to reproduce it.2.  Audio Problems - There are frequent audio dropouts.  The sound will cutout and won't come back until the channel is changed or TV power is cycled.  Additionally, when the TV volume is very low (1 to 10), there is significant hiss and noise which make the program audio nearly unintelligible.  Late night quiet viewing is very problematic due to this.  There is also a loud pop whenever the display resolution changes using HDMI.I could learn to live with the audio issues, but the Red Flashing issue is serious and very distracting.  I am seriously hoping that Sony can and will do the right thing and release a firmware fix for this as it very much seems to be a video processing bug which affects all of their Bravia Engine 2 sets.  If Sony won't resolve this, then I plan to fight them tooth and nail while under warranty as these are clearly design and/or manufacturing defects.  I've heard some people try to claim that this is the price to pay for buying one of the "value" models and it's par for the course.  That is pure nonsense!  These are NOT simply the quality issues that one might expect, related to contrast ratios, color accuracy, etc.  These are serious flaws!Anyway....hope this information helps potential buyers make a more informed decision.  I welcome any comments or feedback!