I own several Samsung products and have been pleased with each one. I have also read of the horror stories of working with Samsung customer support and must say in my case all were proved false. I did my homework and was waffling between the UN46C7000 and the UN46C6300, thought for the extra money the 7000, 3D Blu-Ray Player and starter kit would be a fun addition to the house. The TV showed up as promised on the day I arranged, eagerly put it all together, inserted the 3D movie Monsters vs Aliens...it didn't work. Just got a blured image. What to do? My first thought was to return it to Amazon and start all over. But, decided to give Samsung a chance to correct the problem. The TV worked fine in 2D it just lacked the 3D and wow what a picture, it truly is crystal clear. The Blu-Ray disk player (BD-C6900) is awesome as well, a little pricey, but fast! Well the call to customer service went well, started with the standard card flipping problem solver who quickly passed me to technical support. He had me run through a battery of problem solving checks and decided a visit from a technician was necessary. Got the call the following day for a visit the next day and get this "When it was convenient for me"! I'm a teacher so it's not really easy to up and take a day for the usual "I'll be there between Noon and 7:00" appointment. He showed up at 5:00 ran through a series of tests, no not much different than the one's I ran through with the phone tech, but I guess he had to confirm the previous tests. Still no 3D. He needed to make contact with Samsung about his findings. Early the next week he returned, (yes, again when convenient) and found that I had at best a failed IR transciever or worse a failed main board. Got a call Monday of the next week that parts were ordered and an appointment was made for Thursday to make the repair. The tech showed up again and I now have 3D. So from beginning to end we waited a little more than 4 weeks to have the 3D but wow, it really is impressive. Yep, I know it's a gimmick and there are few movies to support the feature but Blu-Ray movies and HD television look spectacular and I would recommend the UN46C7000 on that alone. If I were to have one wish granted it would be to include built-in Wi-Fi instead of the add on stick, come on Samsung I paid a premium for this TV!If I had it to do all over would I buy this television again? Yes, but I had a working 2D television with a broken 3D feature. If the TV had shown up totally broken I might had a more negative review. Oh and at the advice of the technician I extended the warranty 2 years, just to be on the safe side.