I bought this TV after a lot of independent research on the current models and available technologies.  I was leaning towards Plasma because I game a bit and need low lag and clear, high-speed motion and they have excellent color contrast.  My research ended when I saw this on Amazon and compulsively bought it.Why?LED would mean brighter colors and greater contrast ratio than Plasma!The 120Hz refresh rate should eliminate the motion issues that all LCDs have!And it's $799, dummy!!!The reasons for my return...The contrast ratio's must be in reference to a purely dynamic one.  It doesn't beat high end plasmas and if you turn up the contrast to get it there, the image quality suffers greatly.  While the whites are whiter than a plasmas whites should be, you can turn up the plasmas whites and get them close.  I have a 55" Samsung and confirmed this, but leave them on standard levels because I don't care.  The black levels are pretty black but destroy contrast in those areas when they get there.  I watched "sing off" on it in HD and mario lopez looked like a floating skin face.  And the crowd, less lit, looks the same way.  You loose a lot of detail in dark areas.I have read while studying that people can't tell the difference between 120Hz and 240 Hz, LCD refresh rates.  My father has a Phillips 40 inch 240hz LCD.  I compared the motion of last nights Monday Night Football on the 2 tvs.  I assure you, I can tell a difference, a big one, and am sure that you would too.  But if you didn't have them side by side to compare...would you notice?  Well, to each his own.  But I play a lot of games, and in gaming, motion issues are intolerable.  I noticed them.  Maybe a Sharp model with 240 Hz can compete with standard plasmas today, but this one cannot.But for $799, it's still a deal, right?Well, maybe...if you want to say you have an LED HDTV that is directly backlit. But if technology is irrelevant to you, and therefore only the image quality matters, then buy a plasma.  A 42 inch plasma that costs $799 today has a far greater picture than this TV has.  You can buy a Panasonic G25 that is sure to blow your mind for 800 bucks, that is what I'm going to do.  Plus, if you invite your friend who owns a G25 over to brag about your new LED, I am going to laugh at you and suggest that you should have read my review after you pass the chips.There is more than image quality to consider (not to me, but there is).  It consumes less power than a plasma so after a few years, the G25 will have cost more money.  Plasmas have more glare than an LCD typically does and I was impressed with this TV's low glare.  But these issues only tip in favor for the 700un after hundreds of hours of usage...would you really degrade hundreds of hours of image quality for a couple bucks...if so, don't buy a new TV anyway...save all the money.  This TV has a ton of image settings so that you can tweak to your hearts content.  The problem is that you can't save them and this TV has a disturbingly bad SD and even 720p image quality.  I hear you can change the settings to accomodate.  But that means that every time you change the channel you may have to pick up your notebook and look up your preferred settings and bla bla bla.  There are other things about this TV that I like and dislike, but none can change the fact that it's image, while technically HiDef, will not impress you like a top of the line 240Hz LCDs or any reputable Plasma.So I give 3 stars because this TV is so so meh.  But for 800 bucks I expect 5 stars and so should you.  And if I am watching late at night, I expect those 5 stars to be hot.  C'mon man!Boo.But amazon is great.  I got this thing in 3 days with free shipping...was told 5-8. Free return shipping?!?!  Warm up a G25 for me Mr. Amazon and give Mr. Discover my money back so we can do this all over again the right way.UPDATE:I bought the panasonic 42 inch G25 from amazon and it's picture is mind blowing.  It handles SD content better than tube and the motion clarity is breath-taking.