I purchased my LG 60PK950 about a month ago after several months of research comparing plasma with LED/LCD; I am VERY impressed with this TV!  It is LG's 'top of the line' plasma, so it has all the bells and whistles you could expect.  Here are the things I like best:-  High quality picture, with beautiful colors and excellent black levels (thanks to the new tru-black filter)-  Internet widgets work great and are easy to setup-  Excellent value for your dollar.  I got this TV at a great price (substantially under $2000) and it compares easily to TV's close to $1000 higher in price.-  Minimal plasma effects (image retention, ghosting).  I have never seen any ghosting or image retention artifacts.  From what I've read, if they do show up, you can easily remove them by running an IR program overnight to clean up the artifacts.-  Great viewing angle!  Much better than my previous Samsung DLP TV.  The LG is bright and clear even at 160 degrees.-  Power consumption is much lower than last year's model.  I think it uses somewhere around 150 - 200 watts depending on what's being shown.  Still more than LED LCD which can be below 100 watts.  Previous plasma TV's consume up to 500 or more watts.My only 'less than stellar' comments for this TV are:-  I wish it had Pandora radio and another movie source in the widget list.  It has VuDu (which is cool), You Tube, and Netflix; but I was hoping it would also have the CinemaNow that is included with LG's Blu-ray players.  I'm hoping it will be included in a future software update.-  DTS audio is not decodable from video on a thumb drive.  It will play 1080p high quality video from the USB ports, but audio seems more limited.-  This TV just missed the cut for 3D, but my personal thought is that 3D will not be mainstream until the glasses aren't required.  If you must have 3D, LG just released the PX950 line, but it will be pricey for several months.-  More glare than my DLP TV.  Initially I was a bit disappointed at this, but when you combine a plasma picture (not as bright as LED) with a solid glass front, some glare during daylight is unavoidable.  My solution was to turn up the brightness a bit and draw the blinds for daytime viewing.  If you are a constant daytime viewer, you may want to consider another model.  But for me, I mostly watch in the evening and the picture is just stunningly beautiful with rich colors and great contrast and black levels!All in all, I love this TV and highly recommend it.  The most important aspect is the TV's picture quality and the look/style in your room.  This TV gets the highest marks for both.  The rest is icing on the cake in my opinion.  Do your research and if you pick this TV, you won't be disappointed.UPDATE: LG just released a software update that added CinemaNow movie streaming and MLB.com baseball widgets!  Also, there is a new widget that says "Coming Soon".  So, I am excited that LG is in fact adding to the software on this TV and not just adding to the new models!  Still would like to see Pandora and Amazon video in a future release.