Just got the 55 inch version of this. Happy so far.Here's some info that would have helped me. - - - The Remote  - - -I uploaded a pic. Sensible. Tasteful. Large, clean markings. Back-light. Odd that there's a "Yahoo!" button. - - - The Frame - - -Why do so many expensive TVs have a GLOSSY black frame that draws attention to warpage and molding flaws and also adds distracting reflections? Seems like they're trying real hard to make an expensive product look junky.This TV does not have that. Its brushed charcoal frame does not look horrible at all. There's also a clear plastic outer frame extending 3/8"+ on all 4 sides. Pretty harmless. I guess they wanted to keep a toe-hold in the world of tacky bling. (See uploaded pic.)  - - - Connecting Older Devices - - -One disappointment: The stated "1 Component Input, 1 Composite (AV) Input..." is actually a single combined input.There are 5 RCA jacks (Audio-L, Audio-R, Pb, Pr, Y) and the "Y" connection also can work as a Composite (AV Low Def - Yellow plug) Video-In.  So, if you have a few older Composite (AV) devices (Wii, Series 2 TiVo, VCR...) you can add a switch-box such as Sima SVS-14 (4 Input) and funnel them all into the TV, but if you also want/need to use component connections from an older DVD player, it gets complicated. The TV seems to declare the input AV or Component based on physical presence of a plug in the Pb jack. I'm still trying to figure this out so I don't have to handle cables each time I use the DVD player. This problem is of course temporary, until some older devices retire.Also, the listed "PC Audio Input" and "DVI Audio Input" are one and the same.  - - - Low Def Viewing - - -We're watching a lot of standard-def (TiVo Series 2) for a while. This TV displays it OK. It does not make it "even worse than low def." Consumer Reports gives it "Excellent" for Standard def viewing. The P.SIZE button on the remote lets you easily toggle between picture fitting options (crop, stretch, black bar). I prefer black side bars, but the manual warns of uneven screen burn if you do this more than 5% of the time.  - - - In/Out Connections - - -All connections are on the LEFT side of the TV. (If looking from the back, the connections are on your RIGHT). Except the power cord connects near the middle.Nice high-contrast black/white labels are a far cry from the raised black-on-black lettering we all learned to hate over the years.Inputs & Outputs as stated on Samsung's site: -  4 HDMI Inputs (Rear) -  1 Component Input -  1 Composite (AV) Input -  1 PC Input (D-sub) -  1 PC Audio Input (Mini Jack) -  1 Ethernet Port -  2 USB 2.0 Ports -  1 Optical Digital Audio Output -  1 Audio Output (Mini Jack) -  1 DVI Audio Input (Mini Jack) -  1 RF Input - - - Glare - - -Seems like the anti-reflection design is about as good as it could be...better than I expected. Also, we get some direct sunlight in the late afternoon, which it handles surprisingly well. I'm glad I went with this glossy model vs matte. But if you have windows or bright lights in the wrong place, glare could be quite noticeable. - - - Audio Output - - -Audio output to cordless headphones works fine. I needed a $2 adapter like this: RiteAV - 3.5mm to RCA Stereo Female Cable - 6 inch.  Use "Mute" to kill the TV speakers, the audio-out connection still works.- - - Owner Manual - - -The 61-page English-only manual only scratches the surface. For example, how do you disable the annoying melody that plays each time you turn the TV on or off? I had to Google it. This and 200 other things are not covered. The manual is like an organized string of true-isms that is not really concerned with full explanations or full understanding.You can download the manual (available in 4 languages) from Samsung's site to answer some detailed questions before buying. - - - One-click Price Check - - -The amazon price jumps around.The excellent "Online Price Alert" (Google it) does not work for hidden-price items like this. But if you keep it in your cart as "Saved Items--To Buy Later," price checks are easy. A yellow message box at the top of your shopping cart shows any price changes. No "proceed to checkout" necessary. Just bookmark your cart and you've got a one-click price check. (Also check the product listing for added or deleted special offers, such as Free LinkStick.)