OK I am a regular consumer, no advanced knowledge whatsoever but I felt like writing this review because when I was searching for info and I found out that there were no good reviews, just people trying to sound techy and mentioning stuff I'm not familiar with... so maybe this will be useful for the regular guy :)first.. picture: the picture quality its great, I have this set installed in a room with no windows and not many reflection sources so it does look great. the blacks are really black, the colors seem to me real, and the sound for a tv its just great.second looks: The look of this TV its pretty impressive, I would say it actually looks like a LED TV (its not a bulky old school plasma). the set its kinda heavy. I would advice having a friend over to help you out in the install process.Third: 3D... Ok I admit this.. I have 2 kids (2.5 yo and 9mo) and well.. I dont leave the house much to go to the movies... so I cant tell how it looks on the movie theater, however I went to an IMAX 3D movie (Tron legacy) and I can tell you the 3d its pretty much like the theater, of course the screen its not nearly as big :) but the 3D feel its great and the picture quality remains when in 3D. I read some stuff about how the images from one eye pass to the other and how this is a regular problem with 3D tv. with this TV it does happen from time to time and well you will see a strange kinda like a shadow around the object or person but its not bad at all and it doesnt happen all the time.4... smart hub.. The Smart Hub as an idea its functional, and looks good. you can have access to netflix, youtube, stuff like that but trust me... its slow... it actually feels like an atom processor PC when navigating if you know what I mean.5... Ports... there are a bunch.. 4 HDMI, 2 USB, a composite etc.. no comments there...6... using your own media... when you have a bunch of 3D sources all over the net you kinda wonder if you could use your TV directly for this.. the answer its yes... it plays a bunch of file formats, however when using a USB drive if you have many files.. again .. it can be slow.other thoughts... When I got this I went right to the Smart hub and tried the youtube app.. it didnt work.. and I was pissed off.. however... I found that you need to keep your set updated. It has a update online function which I used.. and it told me that my set was up to date.. so I was pissed, however I did a little reading and found that in the samsung site you can download the system update which works (requires a USB drive) .. follow easy instructions.. and I was all set.. youtube, netflix, hulu... all working great :)I can tell you this... you will not be disappointed by this TV. And if you are a budget limited person.. dont be afraid of the PLASMA.. its just great :)Cheers