I never thought I'd find myself looking for a Vizio TV until I read the reviews of the recent models and such. I finally went with the new 2014 version of this TV due to the features that it offers. The full array LED dimming can't be found in any TV within this price range. The bezel is amazingly thin for a lower priced unit as well. For what you pay, this TV delivers. The sound, obviously leaves much to be desired, though any thin TV will.The apps are a nice feature and they respond quickly. The WiFi is great and I get a full signal from my router that is upstairs on the opposite end of my house. I found that you can turn on an option in the settings that will allow you to control other devices that are connected through the HDMI. I know other TVs offer this, but I thought it only worked with same brand items. I have a Sony BluRay player and when I turn on the player, the TV automatically switches inputs and the Vizio remote controls it. I like that feature since the DirecTV remote won't control everything.Do yourself a favor though...when you first turn it on to verify that it works (part of Amazon's delivery service) make sure you choose "Home Setup" right out of the gate or it will default to the store demo. You'll then have to reset some settings if you set it up while in the store demo. Kind of a pain, but I had to do it bc I didn't choose anything at first.The only problem I have with the TV is I have a spot of 4 dead pixels in the top left corner. It's not noticeable unless the screen is on a brighter scene. I don't think the warranty will do anything for such a small flaw, but it's kind of annoying since I just got the TV today and have already sold my old one.**UPDATE**So after a couple days of use, I wanted to post an update.First, the issue with the dead pixels seems to have corrected itself as the black spot isn't noticeable anymore.Second, as another user commented on my review, the base is definetly wobbly. It seems like it will hold fine, but if you have an unstable stand, you might want to take this into consideration.Third, (the most important to my wife, lol) the remote sensor is extremely sensitive. You can't have anything blocking it. You have to point DIRECTLY at it to get the TV to respond. This is really a pain since I don't like to hold the remote up in the air to change the settings like volume or to use the other features. That is really the big complaint on this TV (other than the wobbly stand). Everything else really looks great. The picture is still really great - I leave mine on the Vivid setting and turn the auto brightness off.In all, the flaws are minor for such a low price on a 55" full array LED TV with multiple dimming zones.I'll be sure to edit this post again if I have any issues.