I've never owned an LED TV before so I did quite a bit of research and determined Amazon.com was the cheapest I would find. I read that Samsung was currently the best on the market so I searched only for Samsung TVs. After reading the reviews, I finally decided that the Samsung UN55D8000 55-Inch 1080p 240Hz 3D LED HDTV (this TV) was going to be the TV I was going to purchase. A couple days after ordering the TV from amazon.com, I received a phone call from I believe it was a company called Home Direct Shipping (or something like that) to schedule a delivery. Other reviewers mentioned that Amazon.com didn't mention that. I only knew that another company was going to deliver it because of other reviews. The delivery guys (was 2 of them) were nice and I had no issues. They offered to unpack it but since I didn't have an entertainment stand at the time, I declined.Once my stand arrived (also purchased on amazon.com), I started to setup the TV. As soon as you put the batteries, turn on the TV. Flip the remote over to the keyboard side and it will tell you that you need to pair the remote. You want to do this right away to avoid any issues. I had a bunch of issues pairing the remote but after reading the reviews on here, specifically the person who posted a way to reset the remote (thank you for that!), I finally figured it out. You will want to get about 6 inches away from the bottom RIGHT corner of the TV. Making sure the TV is ON and 6 inches away from the bottom RIGHT corner of the TV, press and hold TAB+SYM for about 2 seconds. The screen on the remote will say "Pairing" and should take just a few seconds to pair. Do it any further than 6 inches away and you may run into some issues.Once you have paired the remote, connect your TV to the internet by using the option in the Menu. I have a wireless router so the TV picked up my internet and connected with no problem. As soon as you are connected to the internet, immediately update your TVs software. If you don't, you may run into some problems. Netflix kept saying it couldn't connect to the internet but yet I checked the Network status through the TV and it said I was connected (I could also connect to other apps that used the internet). As soon as I updated the software on the TV, it worked perfectly. The picture looks great, although I just noticed a few minutes ago a white dot looking thing on the bottom right corner. I'm not quite sure what that is since I'm a complete n00b when it comes to that kind of stuff (bleeding, clouding, etc. I know nothing about that). I'll have to look into it.Other reviews talked about needing to mail in vouchers from the 3D kit. I received my kit and it included the two 3D glasses, Shrek 1-4, and Megamind 3D. There was no voucher for Shrek or anything, everything was in the box. I have watched Shrek 1-2 (3D) and Megamind 3D so far and the 3D was pretty cool. It's not like on the big screens where it pops up at you but it's still a cool thing to show. There is definitely great potential though. Assuming they still do further research (and gain better technology), give the 3D technology a few years and it will be awesome. The TV also comes with two 3D glasses. I haven't checked them out yet but it appears it is rechargeable through USB.Pros:Great PictureHas different apps, such as Netflix (which I thought was really cool)Price - Amazon was the cheapest that I found (who can beat free shipping and no tax)Features - Many to play with (While time consuming, I like messing around with different features)Edgeless screen - I thought this was really cool.Cons:Audio - Isn't great but what can you really expect from a flatscreenManual - Could be a little more informational. It does not explain the process of pairing as well as it should.Screen - Is glossy and gets dirty with fingerprints (while setting the TV up, I put a few of my fingerprints on the TV from holding it). Since it is glossy, the TV may not look that great if you have light hitting the TV. My living room is dark because I like my batcave to be dark so I don't have any light issues.Remote - There is a bit of lag time but it wasn't that noticeable to me. The pairing process is a pain.