What a GREAT TV!  I'll try to keep this concise. (except for a funny story also)TV Review info:Picture quality - AMAZING.  I wouldn't say I'm a videophile, but a more than average informed "regular" user.  The picture is amazing right out of the box (I haven't even calibrated it yet!).  I haven't yet noticed the Juddering issue, and I believe this is due to having the latest software update.  I've watched TV shows, sports and video games - ALL GREAT.  No slowdowns or refresh issues at all yet.Design - BEAUTIFUL TV.  The brushed black is really a pretty design feature and arguably even better than the C8000 series.  The remote control even looks great; maybe not quite as cool as C8000, but still has brushed black finish and raised buttons (which are easier to use).  The slim depth of the TV (1.4") is pretty impressive and puts it next to some of the current LCD/LED TVs on the market.Samsung Apps - Onboard apps are great.  This is a great way to consume additional media (Netflix, Hulu, Pandora, etc).  Easy to set up and great for use on such a big screen!  It's good enough to not need to use my XB360 or PS3 for these features.  If you want more (such as full browsing, use your PS3, hook up a PC or get Google TV).Speakers - sound quality is decent considering their size and depth of the TV.  I would suspect people buying this TV would likely have a home theater set up anyway.  Good for most general purposes.Buzzing - my impression is that all plasmas exhibit some buzzing and the reviews consistently seem to be OK, with a few exceptions of people having buzzing issues.  With my own set, I've noticed that if I sit with a direct view at the center of the screen and volume turned 2 or lower, I notice a VERY SLIGHT buzz.  Turn the volume up or don't sit quite that way, and it's NO problem.3D - I haven't tried the 3D yet....(debating whether I'll even keep the 3D glasses starter kit).  Will update once I try if anything notable (good or bad)Even though I didn't try the C8000 TV, my guess is that the C8000 would appear better in some regards, but only when the two are side by side - based on reviews, I think the "Real Black Filter" from the 8000 series would make some difference, but it's probably more noticeable to true videophiles.  Otherwise the C7000 TV is a GREAT TV, and for the difference in price, I am more than confident to recommend that anyone purchasing it would be very happy and satisfied with it.On a fun note - I have to give this as a note of praise to my fiance and encouragement to men/women out there dating (hopefully inpspiration for those dating and considering marriage).  While dating my now fiance, I lobbied hard that it seemed unfair that women got a ring, while men didn't get any gift in return (such as a nice watch or sweet TV).  My fiance argued that men get "the woman" - that should have been enough.  I respectfully disagreed and indicated that conversely, women get "the man".  After some thorough discussion and raising the issue in front of some of our close friends.....I was told to stop bringing it up if I ever wanted a chance for that to come true.  Fast forward...I proposed in late August this year and then just recently (week of Thanksgiving), she informed me of her intention to buy me a large TV as my engagement gift.  The only other concession was that I had to pitch in for a new TV stand to go with it (of her choosing).  Fast forward a few more weeks and we now have this TV!Men - may this serve as inspiration that you seek equality in the engagement process (and get a cool gift too)! :)Women - may this serve as an example that it seems fair for men to get something too when he proposes to you :) :)