Pros: Very, very good picture. Black colors are very dark, inky for my first time. 24fps, 1080P full HD is what it does best. 3D is better than what I was expecting. Apps are cool and launch pretty quickly. Off angle viewing is good, better than my older LCD.Cons: Pricey. Qwerty keyboard remote is funky, a little awkward. Browser needs improvement. 3D requires glasses, wish they didn't. Plasma uses more power than LCD.Summary: I have owned my PN59D8000 for about two weeks now. So far it's been excellent to good. First the excellent; the picture. This is what it's all about to me. What's the point of getting a new TV if it doesn't produce a great picture. The PN59D8000 makes a great picture. I'm no Cnet David Katzmaier, I haven't seen hundreds of TV's, but I do know what I like when I see it and I think this TV makes a very good, to great picture. I really enjoy watching a good, well made, high visual content movie in full 1080P HD, 24fps. I have watched standard def, 1080 I/P HD and high def 3D. The standard def is good, better than my older 52" A650 Samsung LCD in several ways, but no matter how you cut it, it's still standard def. The HD picture is what it's all about, it's excellent, with blacks so dark and inky, the best I've seen so far. The contrast and detail is excellent. Very smooth transitions, panning. 3D is cool, different, awkward. At first, I tried watching some ESPN 3D NBA (Directv) during the daytime in a well lit room & I really noticed the flashing, pulsing of the 3D glass lenses off screen of the TV from the sides. To me this was a little nauseating, but during night or with the curtains closed in a dark or darker room, the effect was very good and comfortable. The 3D depth and detail was excellent, better than what I was expecting actually. I now wish that there would be more good 3D content available, kind of limited. The Good; the browser and qwerty keyboard is a little bit of a let down, but still good. I have a Home Theater PC with a hand held qwerty remote, at first I thought that setup was only OK, but compared to the Samsung qwerty remote/browser, the Windows 7/IE9/Firefox browser is really much better. Who would have thought.  The Samsung browser is good, to get online and putz around, but the remote needs a touch-pad/trackball big time. The Samsung commercial showing the couple just breezing through web pages is a little unreal to me. Maybe with more practice and understanding I could be more proficient. Your mileage may vary. The Samsung apps are cool and launch quickly. Netflix pops up quickly and plays smoothly. Wired Ethernet here. 5 star picture. 1/2 a star ding for the browser/remote. 4 1/2 stars overall. The other TV's that I was considering were the new upcoming 2011 Panasonic plasma's. The 2010 Panasonic VT model plasma are very good as well, but at this moment the 2011 VT model is not out yet and the 60" VT appear to be too expensive for my budget. So there it is, a LCD owner converting to Plasma, because of the picture, because of the picture. Enjoy.