first i must say that i am as pleased as i could expect to be with the picture quality on the LT30HV.  however i've run into several troubles which are worth mentioning:- after a couple months my first unit developed several visual defects which showed up when there was bright white imagery in the center or lower left of the display -- it appeared as a large (2"x2") region which was more grey than it should be.syntax support was great and shipped a replacement unit, which of course looks great to start with, but i'll see how it fares after a few months.- the DVI input and VGA input share the same audio input... be warned if you intend to plug something into both inputs.- the DVI input does not handle overscan -- when i connect my hr10-250 (hd tivo) to the hidef input i sometimes experience an odd stripe down the right hand side of the display on HD content.  it's worse on SD content -- i see white noise across the top few rows of the display.- because of the DVI problem i prefer to run the hdtivo on the YPbPr inputs... however there is another known bug you can read about in many syntax olevia forums:  the YPbPr input loses sync with a hidef (and sometimes even a dvd) input during fast motion and/or bright white displays.  (this problem is way worse on my second unit than it was on the first.)  the sync loss takes several seconds to restore itself, and during that time audio cuts out as well.  there is a fix for this apparently, and i'm waiting for syntax to ship me a replacement component-input module (easy user installable piece).- the reception of remote codes is terrible -- i've programmed my tivo remote to generate tv power/mute/vol and i have to point it directly at the tv, and sometimes even then i can't get it to work unless i'm within 6' of the tv.  contrast this with the same remote sending signals to the tivo -- i can bounce tivo signals off several walls and the tivo still receives it.  (the situation is even worse with the provided remote.)- the input selection system is painful -- there's no code for taking you direct to a specific input, nor is there a code for cycling through the inputs.  you have to click the input button, then cursor through a menu, then hit the right arrow.- the front surface of the tv runs around 105F.  i haven't compared other LCD TVs, but i figured it's worth mentioning that it will be warm.- two good things to say about the warranty replacement tv:  its VGA downsampling seems to be much improved over the original model; and the remote is actually compatible with some RCA codes (and so i was able to configure the tivo remote to talk to it).  the old style remote (which is actually more sleek and less boxy) is not supported by the tivo report.  other web forums indicate people have successfully called syntax to get a software and remote update.overall i'm satisfied, and i would be happy if i hadn't had to deal with replacing one unit, and worse, having to call to get a replacement module for the warranty replacement tv... you'd hope warranty replacement tvs direct from syntax would include such fixes already.