I never heard of Vizio before. My dad told me that Vizio was made by Sony and they are Sony's "cheap" brand like Toyota and Lexus. After some research, I found out this was not true at all. Vizio is an independent Chinese corporation. Sony is Japanese. You may also have heard that Vizio is an American company. They do have offices in the United States, but their TVs are made entirely in China. As for this TV, I was going to buy this exact model at Walmart. I went to 2 Walmart stores, but neither one had a 42 inch in stock, only the 32 inch and 47 inch. I then checked at Costco, but they did not have them available in the store either. Both stores had them online for $530, plus tax ($33) and shipping ($35). So, I looked online at Ebay, and the least expensive was $550. Then, I found a brand new one on Amazon sold by electronics101deals for $519, free shipping, no tax and a 1 year extended warranty. So I placed the order and it arrived a week and a half later. I set it up, and everything worked as described. The audio was quiet so I adjusted the sound settings and if you turn off "SRS true volume" it sounds louder and much better. Also, if you hook up a computer with an HDMI cable, there is a noticeable lag when you move the mouse, the cursor has almost a half second delay after moving the mouse. This was corrected by putting the TV in "game mode." I tested the 3D with a youtube video of underwater fish on my PC. It looked like the fish were swimming in front of the the TV and the depth is very realistic. In 2D, 1080p video is just as good as the 46 inch Panasonic plasma in my family room. I was a little worried that this TV would not have a good 2D picture because it may have to compromise picture quality due to it being low priced and also 3D. I was surprised that there was no compromise in picture quality. On normal TV and movie viewing, the 120 hz is no different than a TV with 60 hz. In video games, the difference is noticeably better. The apps work great, the TV detected my wifi connection and began downloading the updates. I have my PC hooked up, so I really don't use the apps much, but they all work. I also hooked up an old PC with a VGA cable just to see if it works, and it works great. You have to go to "RGB" mode if using a VGA cable. The best part about this TV (besides the 3D) is that it auto adjusts the screen. I remember if the VGA PC is hooked up to a computer monitor, when you change resolution sometimes the screen is all distorted and cut off, but this TV automatically fixes it to fit perfectly centered. On my Panasonic, if a PC is connected all four sides have about 1 inch cut off from the edge and has to be manually corrected by zooming out in the TV picture settings. This is called "overscan" and the Vizio corrects it automatically. Also, on my old VGA PC, 1920x1080 (1080p) looks just as good as it does on the HDMI PC I have. The only negative is the remote control's infrared sensor. They put the IR sensor on the top left side, so if you are holding the remote with your left hand sometimes it doesn't work. The layout of the remote and the size of the buttons are just fine. The back keyboard comes in handy if you use the apps a lot. A bluetooth remote would have been 100x better, but since I only use it to turn the TV on and off and the volume, it is adequate. While shopping for TVs, I had it narrowed down to this model and the Vizio 42 inch "Edge Lit LED" 3D model (M420NV). After some research, I discovered that an edge lit LED TV has LEDs placed around the frame, while a "full array" LED has them behind the screen. According to reviews, the only advantages of an edge lit LED over a CCFL (which this model has) is that the TV can be thinner and may last longer. I went to Costco and compared the picture quality of the 3 different types: cold cathode fluorescent lamp (CCFL; this TV), edge lit LED, and full array LED. I really could not see much of a difference between them. From research, I did find out that the differences are noticeable in a room where sun light is hitting the screen or when there is very little external light. This is where the contrast ratio number is important; the higher the better. According to a few articles on the subject of contrast ratio, any TV with a CR of 5,000:1 or better is good. This TV has a 200,000:1 CR, the edge lit has a 100,000:1 CR and full arrays have anywhere from 1,000,000:1 to 5,000,000:1 while plasmas can go up to 1,000,000:1.  So despite the edge lit being more expensive (about $200 more) the CCFL model is actually better, although it is a bit thicker. If you want a high def, fairly big screen feature packed TV on a budget, this TV should be on your short list. No other 3D TV comes close to this price. And if you do decide on this one, get it from Amazon, it will save you at least $60.