Well I'm back. Initially my review had been a disappointing 2 stars. I had ordered this product from amazon and had scheduled delivery of the tv on a saturday. Everything was ready, my wall mount, my hd cable box, etc. The eagle guys came and everything was going good. They unpacked it, and lo and behold, a massive crack right in the middle of the sexy screen. As well there seemed to be a dent in the back as well. So, with a heavy hand I signed a denied delivery statement on the shipping record and they took the tv back. This happened Saturday, Sept 15th, 2007. I had ordered this tv on Sept 6th. I thought to myself, great, another 9 slow days of waiting.After a few phone calls with Amazon, I was assured that I would be getting one soon, and not only that one of the customer service reps said he would do everything he could to make sure I could get the tv before the next NFL Sunday (I really didn't believe him, but it was nice of him to say). So, tracking my order, I saw that they had set up the order on Sept 17th. Looking at my previous experience, I expected to get my tv on the 26th (9 days). With the help of eagle's tracking system, I was able to track the set, and to my surprise, it shipped the next day, and by Friday, the 21st, the tv had already arrived in Chicago! Amazing!PRO TIP: In the 2 experiences I've had with Eagle, often times they scan an item when it arrives in their facility, but it may take them a day or 2 to give you a call to schedule an appointment for delivery. Using their tracking system found on this website: [...] you can track your package, and when it says arrived in whatever city you are in, be proactive and give them a call and they will set you up with a time to deliver. One of the things you might have to do is to navigate their website to find the phone number to their local office close to you. My tv showed a arrived status in Chicago on the 21st. I called and was able to schedule delivery that day, for the 22nd!So, the next day, Eagle arrived, and it was the same 2 guys from Eagle from the last week, and they remembered me, and were very nice. They commented that hopefully everything would be good when they unpacked it. They removed the tv and it was flawless. They took away the box and the packaging and said if I had any questions to contact amazon. Very nice guys. Overall, I would rate Eagle 4 out of 5. I understand that sometimes things happen and that's what happened to the first tv. Both times though, the delivery guys were courteous and professional.Now onto the tv. First of all on the outside, this thing is just sexy. Its very sleek and its clean lines really draws attention to it. When mounted on the wall, it looks amazing. As expected, SD channels look ok, they are kind of grainy and that is to be expected. The HD channels and upconverted DVD picture is brilliant. Very crisp and I couldn't stop watching it during football Sunday with everything on HD. The anti glare is great and it helps when you are watching in a bright well lit room. One of the things that I like is the three picture settings, Dynamic, Movie, and Standard. Dynamic is for sunlit rooms, standard for regular light, and movie settings are for rooms that are completely dark. Also, as someone else mentioned, one of the other features I like is that it makes a small beeping sound when you turn your tv off. This helps to know that you actually turned off your tv as opposed to turning off just the cable box.PRO TIP: While looking through CNET, I found some optimal settings that they used for the Movie settings:Below you'll find the settings we found best for viewing the Samsung HP-T5064 in a completely dark room via the HDMI input with a 1080i source. Your settings may vary depending on source, room conditions, and personal preference.Picture menu:Mode: MovieContrast: 77Brightness: 52Sharpness: 0Color: 48Tint: G49, R51Color tone: Warm2Size: Just SizeDigital NR: OffDetailed Settings menu:Black Adjust: OffDynamic Contrast: OffGamma: -2Color Space: AutoEdge Enhancement: OffWhite Balance menu:R-Offset: 15G-Offset: 16B-Offset: 15R-Gain: 22G-Gain: 19B-Gain: 14My Color Control menu:Pink: 15Green: 15Blue: 15White: 15Setup menu:Game mode: OffEnergy Saving: OffOverall, even with the first few challenges that came about due to the 1st broken tv, I had a great experience with Amazon, Eagle, and this TV. I understand that this review is usually meant for just the TV, but I figured I post about my overall experience of buying this tv and owning it, from Amazon since that is what convinces someone to buy from here anyway, not just the rating of the TV. So, to sum up:Samsung HPT5064 - 5 stars out of 5. Incredible tv for its price. I love it. Sexy.Amazon Customer Service - 5 stars out of 5. Thanks for being patient while I yelled. You guys really came through in the end.Eagle - 4 stars out of 5. Even with the first debacle of the tv, your guys were polite, understanding and professional. Great job!Hope that my review helps!