I picked up the Westinghouse LD-4655VX recently to replace my 32" 720p LCD HDTV, which was too small for my living room. I got it at a "big box" electronics store for under five hundred bucks, which is an excellent deal.Like most TVs are these days, this was simple to set up. Attached the base to the set with the supplied screws, put the batteries in the remote and plugged in the HDMI cable from my Yamaha home theater receiver. The base of this TV also has a screw hole so you can screw the base directly into your TV stand. Considering I have a cat, this nice touch was appreciated.The TV itself is very thin, as LED models tend to be. According to the specs it is only 2.14 inches thick, which makes it a natural for wall-mounting. It weighs less than 50 pounds (22.7 kg), including the base. The screen's border is about 1.5 inches in width, which isn't bad, although not as stylish as more expensive TVs that have pencil-thin borders. The sole indicator light is a small power indicator LED that is installed in the bottom edge of the unit. You don't see it directly; rather it reflects off the base pedestal in a very unobtrusive way. That method is much less obnoxious than the big honking LED indicator lights on some models (such as the TV I replaced).Unlike most electronics these days, this TV comes with a detailed, comprehensive paperback-book-style manual that explains all operations of the TV and remote in a thorough fashion. This is important to me, because when I'm fiddling around with a piece of equipment for the first time I like an actual manual handy. I hate having to run to the computer in the next room and read instructions off a .PDF on a CD-ROM, or some website. The manual is divided into English, French and Spanish sections, with the English section being 67 pages long. Don't worry though, setting this unit up doesn't require a thorough study of the entire manual.When you power up the TV for the first time, it will prompt you through a few basics, asking for time zone, default display mode (it uses "Showroom" display mode out of the box), default language, things like that. All these can be changed at any time after initial setup if desired.The setup menus are simple and straightforward icon-style choices that appear at the top of the screen as a ribbon of icons. The main menu is comprised of Picture, Audio, View Mode and Settings icons. The Picture submenu is where you will spend the bulk of your time setting this up. It contains the usual brightness, contrast, sharpness, color saturation, color temperature and hue choices. The current levels of the various settings are shown as simple progress bars, which is one of the few quibbles I have with this unit. It would have been nice to have a numeric 0-100 percentage number provided with the various progress bars, so that various display settings can be quickly jotted down for reference if you want to experiment with different settings. That way, your original desired display settings can quickly and accurately returned to if your experimenting goes awry.There are four display presets in the View Mode submenu - Showroom, Movie, Game and Sports - as well as a Custom setting that saves a custom range of settings for each input (HDMI 1, HDMI 2, Video 1, TV, etc.). For my taste, I found the pre-programmed display presets to be awful, and went straight to setting up a custom display profile. For this, I used my Avatar (Three-Disc Extended Collector's Edition) Blu-ray. With its vivid colors and razor-sharp photography, Avatar is a great movie to use as a calibration tool for a TV (and your sound system for that matter). It took me about two hours, but I finally got a combination of display attributes that produced just the picture I was looking for.There are only two HDMI inputs for this unit, but since I run everything through my Yamaha RX-V367BL 500-Watt 5.1 Channel AV Receiver, I only needed one HDMI connection.So how are the picture and sound? Well, I haven't heard the built-in speakers and don't need to. In the review just about every HDTV advertised on Amazon you'll see reviewers who have issues with the speakers. So, sub-par speakers seem to be the standard. However, picture quality is what counts these days, and in this department the LD-4655VX excels. There were no dead pixels on the panel. The colors are crisp and vibrant, the 1080p focus is razor-sharp, and the characteristics of 1080p LED panels almost seems to give an illusion of a very slight 3-D effect. The 120 Hz refresh rate gives fast action a smoother look than typical 60 Hz refresh rates found on cheap TVs, although to be honest the difference is not as much as one might think after looking at advertising blurbs.  The contrast ratio is wonderful, and the 6.5 millisecond response time is more than adequate for everything I've thrown at it. In short, the picture on this TV is awesome, and you won't be disappointed.The last thing I'll mention is the remote. It's small, without a zillion seemingly unnecessary buttons, and is easily operated with one thumb while holding it in your hand.Bottom line - this may not be the best TV out there, but if you're looking for your first truly large LED HDTV, you really can't go wrong with this unit. I've seen lesser TVs that cost more than this one!