After several weeks of research and debate over whether to buy a new 3D LCD TV or the latest generation 3D LED (it was down to the Samsung LN46C750 46-Inch 1080p 3D LCD HDTV (Black) vs. UN46C8000), I finally decided on the UN46C800 and can say after almost 3 months of ownership that I definitely made the correct choice. This TV is awesome, whether you are buying it for the 3D or just for a great TV.Design - This TV is super thin at 0.9 inches. OK, so not insanely thin as the 2010 flagship 9000 model at 0.3 inches, but then its less than half the price and design wise looks exactly the same. The silver framing is sleek, and if you use one of the internet apps like Picasso you can have photos play on a slideshow to really make it look like a painting. And the supplied stand is very sophisticated too.Picture - This set is replacing a 3 yr old Samsung LCD HDTV, so for me, the difference is amazing. Superb sharpness, contract and colors. I bought this set a few weeks before the World Cup was set to begin and I'm SOOOOOO glad I did!  The 240Hz creates an amazing picture, too good almost for some types of show creating what some call an artificial feel to what you are watching, but its all down to personal preference, and settings can be altered when needed. For me, it's like watching through a window and I love it. Black levels and edge lighting are perfectly good for me - I have it in a well lit room and elevated above a fireplace and picture remains excellent throughout.Internet apps - I was not expecting to use these much, but they actually work really well. I love the AP ticker, and AccuWeather, Yahoo and YouTube are also frequently used. Best of all is that this TV has introduced me to Netflix, where the convenience of just clicking a button on my TV remote makes watching streaming movies and TV shows even easier than watching my DVR.3D - Amazing that this technology can be brought into the home.  My sister bought me a pair of the Samsung SSG-2200AR Rechargeable Adult 3D Glasses, Black and I had the opportunity to watch the semi-finals, 3rd place, and final match of the World Cup in 3D and gotta be honest, was blown away.  Now I know this is new technology for the home-front but for their first foray into this space Samsung is doing quite well.  Not much in the way of native 3D content yet (but what these is is amazing), but the TV will convert 2D to 3D and does this pretty well, especially if you up the 3D depth levels. As you might expect, this works best in a darkened room, with HD signal and action packed scenes.Overall, I am truly impressed with the TV which packs in stunning picture and technology along with the best design aesthetics. Also, you can't go wrong buying through Amazon, I got for 20% off list, free shipping, no tax, and took advantage of their offer of opening an Amazon Store Card with 48-months interest free financing.I do have one small gripe and it's with the delivery people (Pilot Freight Services).  Although the shipment was fast and the delivery people where on time, they just brought in the box set it down asked me to sign the paper and wanted to walk out.  I started to argue with the guy telling him that part of the delivery is the assembly and setup of the TV and to make sure it turns on.  At first he said no but then as soon as I asked him to call his supervisor he realized I'm no fool and with the help of his assistant they unpacked it, assembled the stand, moved it onto my entertainment center plugged in all the cables and turned it on to make sure it worked.  I then signed the delivery sheet and started enjoying my new toy!  So just a note to Amazon, check with your carriers and make sure they understand what is expected of them.  Otherwise, i love Amazon and will continue to shop here!