We have had this TV  for about 2 weeks and the picture is great. Quite a bit of fine tuning was required to get the picture just right, and we still make small adjustments trying to get it just the way we want. We don't have BD or HD-DVD, but the upconverting DVD player makes the videos look great, so I don't know how much better a high-def disc player would make them look. I fnd myself watching channels I would not normally be, simply because of the HD picture, such as HD Theater and golf matches on the local channels. To get the picture where you want, there are calibration videos available, but you can also look at user posts  on sites such as AVS Forum. The 46" seems to be just the right size where the pictures look more realistic but the TV doesn't look like a beast in our small living room.I have heard the issues with "flashlights" in the corners, but it's barely noticeable.We have HDMI hookups and I can see a somewhat noticeable difference over the component cables, so we're sticking with the HDMI. There are some "quirks" with using the HDMI though. If you run the optical audio from the TV to your home theater system, it won't show up as Dolby Digital, but rather Pro Logic. The TV can supposedly control other devices via HDMI, but doesn't seem to work well for us. It appears the other products must be Sony as well. Also, we run the optical audio from the cable box to the home theater system and even though not connected directly to the TV, the sound from the box does not play when the TV is turned off. This is primarily for listening to Music Choice channels and the such.Fortunately we don't have to run the sound through the home theater system very often because the sound from the TV speakers are much better than anythign we've had before. There is one issue that drives me nuts though and that is the issue of "lip-synching." Sometimes the audio and video speed don't match and Sony's support team hasn't been a lot of help.The 120Hz function seems useless in many cases and just makes the picture look strange. Moving characters seem MORE jittery today, which is contradictory to the purpose of this. this si primarly when the level is turned up to "high." The "standrad" level soesn't seem to be as bad.Lastly, the delivery went smooth, though it took too long in my opinion. There was a slight delay in the shipping date, and the tracking did not seem overly accurate. However, the TV was ready to be delivered before the expected delivery date and the guys that delivered the TV werenice, quick, and efficient, making certain the TV would come on and appeared to be working OK. Amazon often provdes us with the best prices and this was no exception.We were happy with the purchase overall, and even though the price dropped 2-3 times within a week of the time we purchased the item, Amazon refunded the difference.