I have been very disappointed in my Samsung TV.  I had owned a Panasonic plasma but, when it finally conked out after 6 years, I wanted to replace it with something I thought would be better.  I went to the big Samsung store in Columbus Circle (NYC) and decided to order this one after talking with one of the workers there.  The focus of our conversation was reliability.  The reason I wasn't buying another Panasonic was that it had broken down after only 13 months and died for good after only 6 years.  I feel that when I spend this kind of money I should get something of better quality.  The salesperson at Samsung made the claim that this TV was designed for nearly 10 years of continuous play without breaking down or loss of picture quality.  I was sold.Imagine my surprise when barely 7 months after purchase, my new plasma TV wasn't working.  Then came the worst part: it took two weeks to get the TV fixed.  For all that I was unhappy with my Panasonic breaking down after 13 months, they deserve credit for getting out the very next day and fixing it.  They even charged me nothing, though I was technically almost a month past the expiration of my 1-year warranty.With the Samsung, my service experience was very different.  My wife discovered the TV not working on a Thursday morning.  After spending an hour or so on their website trying to diagnose the problem, I was assigned a company to come out and fix it.  Unfortunately, when they called Thursday afternoon, they told me they couldn't come out until at least the following Wednesday.  Friday morning I called Samsung back and the woman I spoke to promised me that a repair person from a different company would come by on Saturday.  On Saturday, a person from the new company called and said he was only calling to schedule an appointment for the following week and, even then, he wasn't sure he could fix it.I spoke with Samsung again, and was promised a repair person for Wednesday.  I'm essentially back to where I started.  So now it's 6 days in and a repair person from a third company arrives.  He works for about an hour and he tells me he can't fix it because he needs to order a part.  The soonest the part will be in is the following Tuesday.The final insult comes when I'm called on the next Monday and told that the repairperson can't come out on Tuesday.  He's booked until Thursday.  So it ends up being two weeks to the day before the TV is finally repaired.Perhaps I'm being over-sensitive, but my household is a bit different from most, I guess.  We don't have a TV in every room--just the one plasma on the wall.  And during a two week period when my wife was at home recovering from surgery and my two kids were on summer vacation from school, I could have used a working TV.  Besides, I'm sick of this low-quality, planned obsolescence world that we live in now.  Products should be built to last and certainly, if something goes wrong, it should be fixed ASAP with high-quality service.  Unless this now-repaired TV lasts for the 10 years I was originally promised, I can assure you my next TV won't be a Samsung.