The Samsung LN52A650 52-Inch 1080p 120Hz LCD HDTV with Red Touch of Color is the best TV I have owned, and my 2nd HD TV.  The TV worked out of the box with easy and convenient setup (took less than 5 minutes to plug everything in.After initial setup of time and such, default colors were better than the customized setting on my other TV (including another HDTV).  I typically us AVS forums to get good color settings and haven't even bothered with this TV.120Hz processing has not created any noticeable screen jutter than I can see or tell, nor could my brother-in-law when watching with me.  HD sports look absolutely amazing.Some people complain about the glossy screen and light reflection in a bright room.  Unless the sun is shinning into the room through the window directly, this has not been a problem.  And what little there is has been no worse than any other TV I've owned.The preset Entertainment settings for audio and video are also easy to use from the remote and good settings.  It makes it nice to easily change from a bright daylit room to a darker room by switching to/from the Cinema/Movie setting and not having to do custom changes in the settings menu.The ability to customize audio/video settings for each independent input is also nice.  It allows you to customize to the source which depending on if it is a game system, DVD player, etc. may vary your desired settings.The picture quality is also very strong, at 52" and 1080p I lose most if not all screen door effect after moving 3-4 feet from the TV.  The newslink feature to get local weather and news through USA Today is a nice plus, but one I don't use since we get the same features from DirecTV plus their on Demand service.I have been extremely pleased with this set overall and would definitely buy another Samsung TV.  It was also rated #1 overall LCD by Consumer Reports and received very high ratings by cNet - I would definitely agree with them.WHITE GLOVE DELIVERY:I also had an exceptional experience with Pilot who was Amazon's delivery partner.  Once I received my tracking number from Amazon I was able to easily send an e-mail to Pilot asking them to call a specific # to schedule delivery.  I was able to do this right from Pilot's website.  They returned the call within 24 hours and had great options availble for accepting delivery.  Once shipped, the TV was to Pilot within 3 days and could have been to my house within 4-5 if I'd wanted earlier delivery.They also, as promised, unboxed the set placed it where we wanted it and offerred to take the box, which we chose to keep.  They were not able to fire the TV up due to cold temperatures, but would have if they could have.Overall, a great buy and great purchasing experience.  I was hesitant to purchase such a large high price item online, but couldn't have been happier.