For the past 24 months I've had nothing but a small, square 480i television serving as my bedroom entertainment and for my dorm in college. It got the job done, but when I played split-screen games with friends the size constraints really showed. So I decided to upgrade and I haven't looked back after buying my VIZIO. I wasn't in the market for a 3D TV. I liked the idea, but it seemed only huge and expensive TV's had the hardware. Imagine my surprise when I found a 32" (Which is fairly large for a small bedroom/dorm)with full 1080p HD and 3D support! Not only that, but its a great TV with some really nice features. If you're on the fence, here's a little breakdown of the pro's and con's of this particular model.Pros:-Excellent 3D imagery with light battery free glasses. (No real noticeable difference between the two types of glasses picture wise. The shapes of the frames are slightly different though.)-A decent sound system which I find to be rare in most smaller televisions. (Not much bass oomph, but to be expected.)-Plenty of HDMI ports for lots of hook ups.-Crisp 1080p picture that tends to rival my 64" downstairs.-Compatible with my CPU to get a bigger screen in 1080p that looks great through HDMI cords (I lacked the connection cables that could connect a macbook pro through the PC Input on the back).-Affordable, by 3D standards. Couldn't recommend it enough.Cons: I'll go into more detail here in case, for some reason these are deal breakers for you.-The biggest problem for me was the position for best 3D quality. It requires 5 and half to around 6 feet before the picture is no longer distorted. When playing shooters I tend to have to sit closer because I have a lot of problems spotting enemies on screem. I get a little distortion by going just past the recommended distance, but it wasn't unplayable. In fact, the only thing I really noticed was that my crosshair had slightly unfocused, but while actually fighting it wasn't a problem.-The remote keys stick a little. For me, I have trouble with the 'E' key and find myself often having to go back and retype it. This can be a hassle if you are really into the apps (which are more just a bonus to me rather than a main attraction).-While on that front, the interface for the apps is also a little annoying at times. But if you have a little bit of patience you should be fine.-Keep the remote near you when activating 3D. I turned it on in Crysis 2 for my PS3 and the TV prompted me with a YES or NO to activate, but only gave me ~5 secs to hit YES. When I didn't reach the remote in time, it made me cycle through the TV menu to turn it on. Just a little frustrating.-Auto screen dimmer can be flawed at times. Light in my room may remain consistent, but the screen did brighten itself a noticeable amount once or twice for no reason. Doesn't happen often though.-Had a small issue with lag in my games. Not really fair to call this a Con, however, seeing as it is easily fixed by hitting "Game Mode ON" in the settings menu (not the picture menu.)Aside from that, its been great. I'll be sure to update if there are more issues that emerge, but for someone who is looking for a small and affordable 3D TV without sacraficing quality, you can't go wrong with this VIZIO 32".