For the price I can not imagine getting a better 3D, Wi-Fi, Apps, stunning picture and sound 3D HD TV.32" great size for any bedroom, den, kids play room, cozy area. Found my wifi right away. Does firmware updates automatically, no user intervention required. Both optical and analog audio out with options to chose fixed audio out level or adjustable (this concerns the analog audio out on rear of set).NOTE: Vizio did just lately switch the included remote for this model to the non-keyboard on the back remote. So there is no keypad on the back of the remote. No big issue with me.The remote  buttons are extremely well configured. Direct key access for Netflix, Vudu and Amazon video access. Extremely nice for people that DO NOT want to fish thru lots of TV apps looking for Netflix.One button access. Slick!!! Older folks will LOVE that.The remote is very responsive with easy feel firm key presses. Just the right feel. Very natural key response. Not too firm, nor too soft. The perfect feel.Nice for inputting text when using the popup keyboard. Less mistakes while pressing the keys. A little feature not usually found on so many other tv remotes, where the weird key buttons allow for many mistakes and frustration. This included vizio remote is a charm to use. And not burdened down with too many confusing keys. Very well laid out remote. Rare these day. The rear remote physical keypad is not missed at all by me.The sound is fantastic. Sounds like 3D SS sound. 10 watt speakers with plenty of punch. Not tinny or cheap sounding like many other smaller TVs. Good bass. Sharp highs.Impressive action sequence sound when viewing those high action movies.So many incredible built-in features for such a low price.Streaming vudu and netflix is smooth and the picture is great. Vudu also offers streaming 3D, which works great on this TV.Uses the very same simple basic non-powered movie theater type of 3D glasses. This TV comes with 2 sets of 3D glasses included in the box.The 3D picture looks fantastic.LORAX - 3D looks great on this set.This is just a simply darn fantastic 3D HD TV. And for the price, just unbelievable.Light weight. Easy to move round. 3 HDMI inputs (2 rear, 1 side). PC VGA connector (rear). 2 USB slots (on side - easy access). Wi-Fi wireless and wired network (rear).Function buttons also on the side. RBG and audio inputs on (rear). Digital tuner coax screw-in connector (rear).Easy setup.Base easily attaches to TV using only 3 screws. Vizio even includes an actual high quality philips screw driver with the TV parts. I've "NEVER" seen that before.I am very picky with 3D tv. And I have owned all types and sizes, plasma DLP LCD LED. This is one of the better, smartly designed high featured TVs, that I have ever come across.And the same goes for the remote,I would not even consider sending this back. For the price and features, you will not go wrong.Amazon AND Vizio offer an extended 4 year warranty plan for under $50 on this 32" set. A small price for long term warranty coverage. I suggest adding it.Yes, its small (32"). Yes its under $400. Yes it is featured packed. Yes the remote (even without the rear keyboard) is a pleasure to use.Remote challenged folks WILL LOVE this included remote.VUDU...VUDU offers a $5.99 free credit to your VUDU account upon registering this TV with VUDU (both current and new customers).VUDU 3D streaming. VUDU 2-minute free preview of all 3D movie content in their 3D movie catalog. A nice free testing for 3D (if you have no 3D media of your own to try out).Personally I hype VUDU because I like and use it a lot. Only pay when you rent or buy. Purchases stay in your account FOREVER. Rentals are viewable for a timed period.3D VUDU content can be rented, or purchased. You actually do not need a 3D DVD player to view 3D on this Vizio (as long as you have VUDU and high speed WiFi).With your free VUDU account - you have "no" membership fees. Simple pay ONLY for what you buy or rent.Plus get FREE 2-minute previews of both 3D and non 3D content using VUDU.But back to the TV.... a honey of a TV for the price and features.And I can not say enough about the remote. Just the keys you need. No mess. No confusion. Perfect key punch response.Direct "one-key" access to Nerflix, VUDU, and Amazon videos right up front on this remote.Finally a company listened to consumers and designed a user friendly remote control. Finally !!!!VIZIO 32" 3D TV model E3D320VX.