I have had the HX55 729 for almost 3 months now.  I paid almost $300.00 more then it is now and have no regrets. In the past year I have had a LG 55" nano, Samsung 59" D6500 Plasma and now the Sony HX 72 series.  These TV's replaced my Hitachi 701 plasma-which I loved.  Out of the 3 listed above, I think the LG had the BEST picture quality ( full led backlight with dimming and NANO tech). I had so sadly! return it because it arrived damaged, a warped frame, and a replacement was not available, so so sad!!! The Samsung plasma was good but it never got bright, whites were grey and it never delivered the " pop " we all seek.  After hours upon hours of research and limited online reviews, I took a leap of faith and picked the Sony.  It's an upper tier like, just like the HX820 but without the flush glass on the front. The 820 was hundreds more for IMO for just aesthetics.  The 729 is great!  Yes it took some time to get the picture just right because out of box was really bad and made me have second thoughts.  After calibration, it's better then the Samsung and about 95% of the LG NANO.  I have no LED bleed from the edges and only the slightest blotch-clouding on sky blue, solid colors in the upper left hand side that is not noticeable in almost all I'm watching.  I am overall happy with my choice of the 55" HX729.  I only wish Sony made a 60" version of this model, the next one up in the 729 line is the 65" and was thousands more. I have a pic I took showing the blacklevel of this LED LCD tv, but having trouble uploading- I will keep trying though!Please feel free to contact me with questions.UPDATE: 8/30/12After just about a year I'm still in love with this HDTV.  Sony puts out updates every 2 months and the TV takes care of the rest.  I think the updates are about the online content as nothing really much changes that I can see.I have never had even 1 slightest issue with the HX 729.  I have a perfect LCD panel, no light bleed even in the high contrast image-where there's both the blackest black and bright white together.  I'm highly impressed with this TV and would buy again without a  second thought.  I only wish it was bigger! I will upload more pics showing this TV and the high contrast/ deep blacks it can produce when fed a quality signal.  Sony is putting out new versions of the high end 9 series this month previewing in Germany in a few days, let's see what Sony comes up with next.  I sure hope their quality remains as I will buy a new one in the next few months and put this wonderful monster in by bedroom.Update: 11/8/12I got DTV installed last week.  I had Dish for years.  OMG! there's a huge difference with DTV HD channels on the TV.  The clarity is absolutely astonishing.  I really thought the Sony shined before, but with this new service it's even better then I ever expected.  The only change to my equipment was the DTV's newest receiver/DVR.  All the same HDMI cables are being used.  I'm not endorsing DTV over Dish but I can't help to comment on such a huge difference.  Before you ask, It was the 622 VIP on dish with the latest updates installed.