UPDATE 1 Apr 2012:  After less than 4 years the screen started getting vertical lines that wouldn't go away and kept getting worse.  This set got very little use for the last 2.5 years, and this started happening after we started using it again to replace the smaller set in our home office.  After doing just a little research on Google, it appears that this is a relatively common issue with Samsung LCD TVs.  Personally, I don't believe that the repair cost would be worth it since the prices of LCDs have come down so much in the last 4 years, I will probably just buy a new one.  Yes, I am disappointed but not surprised.  Like the adage says, they simply don't make things like they used to.-----After doing serious research for our first LCD/HD TV by physically going to over 10 "big box" stores and reading countless articles, reviews, etc., I decided on this 46" Samsung 650 Series.  I wanted 120Hz, an outstanding picture, reduced glare and as many HDMI inputs as possible.  This TV had it all!  With a 3 year old in the house I also liked the glass covering the screen.  I don't know how much abuse it can take, but at least it is something "extra" to provide a little protection for the screen.  At first I though that the glass would increase the glare because we have the TV in a bright room but it didn't at all.  It actually has less glare than our older regular TV!Here is what I have hooked up (so far) and everything looks amazing:  Dish Network TurboHD, Playstation 3 (for Blue Ray discs which aer simply amazing on this set), a 5 disc HDMI DVD player and an older surround sound system.  Everything works and sounds great!  I didn't even hook up the surround until today because I loved the way that the TV speaker sounded.  I was actually surprised at how good you can make it sound.Why I bought from Amazon (and why I am REALLY GLAD that I did!):After comparing prices at retail outlets, this TV ranged from $1999 (on sale) to $2399.  That was simply too much for us so I was leaning toward the 40" which I could find for $1499 on sale.  This didn't include tax.  Then, when I decided to check online sources, I found the 46" here for a little under $1600 with no tax and free delivery.  That was perfect so I snatched it up!  One thing that I didn't know about the free shipping was that it included "White Glove" service which was extremely helpful.  "White Glove" means that the delivery service will bring it to you, take it out of the box, help you set it up and even make sure that it works with your setup.  This was great for me because it would have been almost impossible for me to mount this on the stand by myself.  Not having to transport, carry, or even unpack this big TV was worth at least another $150 in my book!  Another great savings from Amazon.Added note on delivery:  When I purchased the TV it said that delivery would take 14 days... I got it in 3... and I live 160 miles from anywhere.BOTTOM LINE:  It would be VERY hard to beat this TV and the service from Amazon.com.  If you are in the market for one of these, definitely buy it from here!