I am loving this TV. Worry all about Image Retention -its Plasma unhappiness. Being a new owner I have overcome all agony and am just enjoying Samsung 64 Heaven. Is Samsung better than Panny? Dont care. I luv my Sammy.Calibration after exhausting internet searches has become the realization that one recipe does not serve all enviroments. I first used the basic codes genrally from the Internet. I have tweak those codes as I like it brighter. Also luving the many Formats available for screen image. I am seeking no Black borders at the sides, top, and bottom. I built a wood stand for the top of the credenza. Wanted the Directv receiver to the right of the glass stand. Sam 64 550 is the same engine as the 8000/7000/6500 unit. Was considering LED 3D and am so glad went with Plasma. The Sam64/550 has Plus1sides, its light at 80pounds and will soon be wall mounted. Purchased from Amazon, Pauls TV and shipped by Pilot Freight. They brought into my room of choice, opened the box, setup the Remote, powered the unit in its box and walked out the door. Bottom line this is a great 3D Plasma. The 64 inch size works in my Condo Unit. The TV and its frame is stunning. Am so glad its in my home. HOME THEATER is using a brand new Pioneer VSX1121 AV with its Seven (7) HDMI ports. Reduced Cables and the rats nest. As the Plasma Matures with time used, am looking forward to the stunning picture to continue to please customer satisfaction. Thank you Samsung. Go to [...]. Set cell light and contrast reduced settings till 300 hours of use. Once done never worry about image retention. Wall rack is Cheetah 165# rated. Used 1/4 X 3 toggle bolts with not a worry. In closing purchased a Squaretrade 4 year warranty and used a 20% coupon.Now 60 days latter:Pn64d550 has been most enjoyable. There has never been any issues. I find the format size for the screen image very user friendly. Many commercials are in 4/9 with black bare on left and right. Going into 2012 my family and I love this TV. There is no buyer remorse. I would buy again. Price has gone up?Four months latter:This is thebest TVfor my family. Everyone who views this Samy 64 is in luv with watchg. Now I have stopped woryng about image retention. Movies with black bands at the top,bottom, or sides no issue. The phos has matured. Thepicture is true, versus the LED/LCD harsh yowie. The HDisbest described as lifelike. I am asports fan and baskeball or football is just extreme joy. Purchased Samy not Pany becuse of CNET review. The Pany 65 was much cheaper, so glad I purchased Samy 64.Now one and half year laterSammy made one great TV. Seldom is there no regrets 22 months after anything is purchased. I luv this TV. Watch from any angle and its just the best. I WOULD BUY AGAIN.This is a great TV so much better than elephant pounds of the Panny.