Having checked out several TV's before Christmas, I only found two really good ones that all the critics were raving about. One was a Sony and the other a Samsung. All the techs I spoke with gave these TV's excellent grades. Simply put, you could get the same excellent picture with this Samnsung model A650 as you would with a high end Sony .... but at a cheaper price. Although the picture quality is excellent, you first have to make some adjustments to see that. Pre set factory default settings can be made better by your own adjustments. This set also has the ability to control sound so it keeps the volume constant when those sometimes annoying commercials come on that raise you out of your seat. There are many great features with this TV that work even better when you compliment it with a matching DVD ( also bought a new Samsung VCR/DVD recorder combo). When the telenet option kicks in, you can use one remote (either TV or dvd) to control both sets. The remote that came with the TV is excellent with larger numbers to see. It also has a button that will light up the remote for use at night ... nice feature!I would have given this set 5 stars but I found some minor problems (this set might still deserve 5 stars and maybe I'm too critical). For one thing, picture quality is the sharpest as long as you do not sit any closer than 6 feet. Any closer and there seems to be some distortion. Farther away than 6 feet (up to 18 feet), the picture quality is outstanding. If you're use to watching your set real close than simply buy a 32inch instead. I also noticed that not all channels come in sharp, however I've found out this is not the fault of the set but of the broadcasting channel. The tv sound system is very good but they could have made the bass sound a little deeper and more powerful. You can make this even better by hooking up a theater sound system which results the viewing in a movie theater atmosphere. This set also has the 120mhgz picture speed (others only 60mghz) which catches any blur and smooths them out. I really didn't notice this much as a problem but those who watch a lot of sports (and watch the baseball fly through the air) might appreciate this TV option to stop any blur in movement. Side angle viewing is also excellent allowing up to 180 degree.One last thing ... don't confuse this model with all models of Samsung. Walmart and many other stores were pushing the model 500 or 550T over the Christmas holiday for about a $1000. Those sets do not have all the options, and plugs jacks that the model 650 has. Further, the picture quality and pixel speed are not as good or as fast as with the 650. Don't simply buy a brand and assume they all look and behave alike. Check them out by model numbers and read reviews and product options before making any choice. Sometimes by just spending a couple hundred dollars more will make a tremendous difference and make your viewing more enjoyable. I was also surprised to find a small note in the shipping box that alerted me to the fact my TV might have screen burn in problems if the same picture doesn't move for two hours. I had thought that LCD's didn't have this problem but apparently they do as the old tube sets. Not really a problem unless you use the set for video games and walk a away for a few hours without turning the set off.All in all, I found this set to be really remarkable. It is worth the price and even more if you can get it at a sale price.(As a side note ... my best price was found at Amazon.com)