First let me say, I love my TV. period.This is actually a replacement for a 2010 pn50c6500.  I was almost ready to swear off Samsung for life with that TV.  I purchased the PN50 about 2 months ago and had nothing but problems from day one. When they delivered it the Pilot driver wouldn't go up my driveway he said it was too narrow. I had to go get my pickup and put the TV in the truck and take it up myself.  I should have recognized the bad omen right there.  When I first started up that TV it sounded like I was living under High Tension Lines, It buzzzzed and buzzed. The picture had odd uneven black marks when there was no picture being shown and the black was kind of grayish. I called Samsung support 15 mins after unpacking and they scheduled:Tech visit 1: The Tech came and said I needed a new panel as that would fix the discoloration and most likely the buzz.Visit2: He came back the next weekend and replaced the panel the discoloration was gone but not the buzz. He said I need a new power supply. I was frustrated but felt as long as they make it right, im ok.  I mean these things happen right?Visit3: The Tech guy came back next week and replaced the transformer and off he went.  I prepared myself for some movie time but when I turned on the TV the main speakers didn't work but the sub did.  I called the Mr R on his cell phone (he gave me his card) and explained the situation, he said that that seems very odd so he turned around and came back to see what happened.Visit3.5: He took off the back panel and checked for broken wires as well as tested the speakers in another port.. no go.  This time he said I needed a new main board.  At this point my patience has worn pretty thin. I know every company produces a dud but com'on. I called Samsung to complain that I shouldn't have to have a tech at my house every weekend to fix my new TV! I didn't purchase a TV that's been cobbled together from spare parts! I said I want a refund! They said NO, they will not take it back unless the Tech declares it to be unfixable. I felt pretty annoyed and some pretty serious buyer's remorse set in. I really felt I wasted 1000 bucks.Visit4: MR R came back the NEXT weekend and replaced the main board but that didn't fix the speaker problem outright. He said he was stumped and that the board he brought appears to be new defective. He put the rear panel back on and turned on the TV.. The speakers started working! I was not happy as it means the problem wasn't "Fixed" as much as subdued for a bit.  We then noticed my final problem with this TV "Ghosting" or "Image Retention". The screen would hold ANY image that was on the screen for long after the TV was shut off. The tech sighed and said now we have ghosting and continued to explain that there is a board that writes the picture and a board that deletes the picture and it appears the board that deletes is not working properly. I was done, done... done! I thanked him for his help as he was a very nice guy and I did feel he was competent, I just had a bad TV.I Spoke with Samsung and demanded a replacement or refund. I spoke with several people and after explaining my situation and faxing a copy of the repair invoices they decided to exchange.They gave me a 2011 pn51d6500 because they said they didn't have any pn50s in the warehouse. This was fine by me it's the same model number with some nice little extras.The delivery company came to my house about a week and a half later. They came up to my door and the men boxed up my old TV and set up my new TV!  It took me about 10mins to be completely transformed to Samsung hater back into Samsung Lover.  The blacks are very dark even compared to my previous PN50c6500 and very uniform.  The colors are bright and true. I have Comcast hd and I just ooh and ahh at the nature shows on the science channel. I feel like I am sucked in.  The Thinner bezel looks great and is non reflective. I play xbox and PS3 and I have NO image retention problems or ghosting at all! IR was a big problem on my old pn50 with Net Flix. I could read the Net Flix title for ages after browsing though the shows available. I have no abnormal buzzing (plasmas do kinda hum). When I had the PN50 I would go to Wal-Mart and be mad at myself for not getting a tv there as all the pictures looked better.  Now I am sooo glad I didn't. The image on my PN51 is awesome. I have not tried the 3D yet so I cant speak to its qualities.  I would recommend this to anybody looking for a great TV.