I had been considering last year's model of this TV, but didn't particularly care for the stand setup.  I wanted a good TV this size for our kitchen, preferred 1080P over 720 and wanted built-in wireless and smart apps (Netflix etc).  All the features of the 2014 model were exactly what I wanted, so I placed the order.We don't have cable or satellite, we watch over-the-air broadcast TV and internet based services for our television and movie viewing.  With that, this set pulled in several more channels than the old set with a digital to analog converter box did.  Even seems to get few more than other HD sets i the house.  Picture clarity is spot on, but I did have to adjust he color & tint a bit from the OOTB settings - people looked a little orange.  The sound is fine for a TV in a kitchen, bedroom, exercise room - something like that.  Don't expect any bass or richness in the audio, it's sort of tinny sounding.  Not surprising considering the setup of the integrated speakers, but actually worse than I expected it would be.  Only other concern is for some reason when it first turns on, the picture is very green - then it suddenly corrects itself.  Not sure what would cause this, but I've never had another TV do that.  Also, as noted on the product description page, although it has the Amazon Prime logo, it does not actually work yet.  If you try to access it the TV indicates a firmware update will bring a newer Amazon app soon (just as the Amazon page states). So for a pro / con summary:Pros:-very compact set, nice thin bezel, takes up very little space- great OTA HD reception- picture is very clear / sharp.- no ghosting  / smearing in the screen image observed so far (I have a 4 year old Sharp 32" LCD that is terrible for that)- app access interface clear and intuitive-overall other interface elements (setup menus, info at top of screen when changing channels (channel #, program info, wireless strength...) are well done, concise, easily understood / used- the remote:  Not something I really thought of before this, but I like the feel of the remote.  A lot of remotes have a mushy button feel, this one has just the right amount of tactile "click" feel.  The button layout is average (lots of small buttons) but is usable.  The set / remote responsiveness is great too, no lag.- Very full feature set - smart set, built in wireless, 1080P panel...The Cons:- That revised stand design is nice because the set is vertical now instead of tilted back slightly, but it is flimsy.  Not really a problem where we have it (only notice it when we spin it right / left a bit depending on where we are in the kitchen) but something to think about if you have it on top of a dresser in your apartment in an old house and the floors have some "bounce" in them.- the initial green hue screen I'm seeing, maybe it's just my set...just doesn't seem right- the sound - acceptable for a kitchen TV, watching the news, kids shows, or a cooking show etc,, but if you're looking for more than that, a different set or add-on speakers might be worth looking into.- current lack of Amazon Prime support.  Supposed to be corrected with a firmware update, but no word on when.For what I paid and how I'm using the set, I'd buy it again.  Just consider where / how you intend to use it.