UPDATE: While this TV is still fantastic, Samsung introduced the PN64D8000 and D7000 at CES this month. It decreases the bezel width and in doing so adds an extra inch to the screen size. Many of the picture quality features are the same, however it was noted that the buzzing has been improved as well as the 3D processing. They have also now switched to bluetooth 3D glasses and a more feature rich online app server. The main difference between the D7000 and the D8000 is a full web browser and a touch screen remote on the D8000. This means that if those features aren't important to you, then you can opt for the D7000 and save some money.When I set about making my TV purchase I had to factor in all the different options and requirements. It definitely had to have 1080p which is pretty much a given these days, and I wanted it to be future proof enough to not be out of date after at least a few years. Also I wanted it to be BIG! The last category limits the options quite a bit. There aren't many flat panels above 60 and that's where there were some big differentiations that led me to the Samsung plasma. Pretty much all of the tvs in this size came with 3D, I don't really care about 3D but if it's gonna be on my TV I at least want it to work well.... the plasma is much better for 3D than LCD because it's refresh rate is so much higher that there's less cross-talk in the image (that annoying 2-image appearance that makes you think your'e drunk). Also, for the size the price of LCDs were much higher than the plasma, and most didn't produce as deep of blacks as the plasma. Most of the new LED blacklights are now edge lit which means they don't have the benefits of local dimming as the rear-LED lit tvs do so the contrast wasn't as high. So after all these factors it was definitely decided plasma was the way to go, and Samsung was it!And am I happy I decided so. I LOVE this TV!! the picture is fantastic, the interface and menu options and nice and deep giving good options for adjustment. The internet apps are a nice addition (especially for streaming netflix) and the 3D is actually pretty cool! (make sure to take advantage of the promotion for free 3D glasses and bluray player!). As for what some people have said about lack of inputs.. i found the opposite (although i did end up using a receiver anyway). This thing has more hdmi ports than I'd know what to do with, and HDMI cables are so cheap online (NEVER BUY AN HDMI CABLE IN THE STORE!!) that why anyone wouldn't use hdmi is beyond me.There is a slight humming noise and apparently this is typical of all plasmas, I'm pretty sensitive to high-pitched noises and it doesn't really bother me that much. With no sound it's noticeable but not that annoying and with sound you can't hear it at all.Overall it's a FANTASTIC TV that I would recommend to anyone (in fact I just had my mom replace her old TV with one). Great job Samsung!