This TV is amazingly energy efficient when operated in the dark with the right settings in 2d. I have it drawing 47 watts/hr which is just 16 watts more than my 23 inch computer monitor draws. For a 1080p, 42 inch, 120HZ display with as nice a picture as this has that is incredible ! My plasma wall ornament draws over 300 watts/hr and thus it's current status as a wall ornament. The only changes I've made to the default picture settings was: Go in advanced picture settings and change the backlight control from DCR to OPC and the ambient light sensor from medium to low. The room the TV is in also has to be pretty darned dark or the power consumption will be higher: Depending on room lighting up to more than double the dark room draw. If you have one of those 20 dollar kill o watt meters hook it up to test. I found the results to be eye opening. Officially this set is rated at 93 watts/hr but that's just an average estimate based on 2d and 3d use and in varied light settings.3d viewing puts this tv into high energy draw mode(160-170 watts/hr) regardless of settings or room lighting. That is a flaw in my view although I saw nothing wrong with the 3d picture quality. If your ps3 is configured to play 3d enabled games this television will draw that extra power continuously as long as the 3d enabled game is playing even if you choose to play the game in 2d. Regular 2d ps3 games are not affected. There is a work around that involves reconfiguring your ps3 to not recognize 3d enabled games. You do this by plugging the hdmi of the ps3 into another television  a 720p 2d set for ie:) and then once the ps3 has configured to that tv replugging the ps3 into this tv but this time ignoring the countdown prompt. Every time you start the ps3 the countdown prompt will have to be ignored. The xmb will display at 1080i vs 1080p. You won't get 3d in your gaming but you also will save the 120 watts/hr and the tv will run cool.There are two usb thumb drive connections. Playing music files through a usb thumb drive connected to this television uses about 57watts/hr. Displaying photos uses a whopping 137 watts/hr. You can listen to your tunes and display your photos but the power draw will remain at about 137watts/hr(using my picture settings in a dark room). External hard drives will not work(according to the manual) only thumb drives. You also can not display video files through the thumb drive connections. I've had no problems with Netflix but Vudu streams will occasionally freeze up because they max out your bandwidth and mine can only handle 720p at 7 mb/s. When a freeze occurs you may have to cut power to the television and restart to fix. Streaming movies adds 7.5 watts to the television's energy draw plus the 5.5 watts my router draws.  One potential long term problem with this set is the lack of energy efficiency for 3d use. If the set used double the power and didn't get quite so hot I'd probably be okay with it but this set uses almost quadruple the power for 3d and gets quite hot which means alot of that wattage is wasted as heat. That can't be good for components. Fortunately for me, I won't be watching much 3d programming but if you want this set primarily for 3d use you may want to wait until a more energy efficient model for 3d becomes available.Even so I have to applaud electronics manufactures for stepping up to the plate in regard to carbon emmissions and energy efficiency. This set draws half the power of a 2008 32 inch lcd 720p television I still watch on occasion when used for 2d viewing. Internet connectivity and apps, theatre 3d, 2d energy efficiency, great picture jaw dropping value ....for me this although not perfect is still a 'pinch me' product !