I was hesitant in purchasing a large TV online without at least seeing the same model at a store first, but I saw this TV with a good blu-ray/3D glasses/Shrek combo that was difficult to pass on. My girlfriend was doing everything she could to convince me not to buy a huge, expensive TV. I was tired of my Samsung 32" LCD TV and wanted something bigger. I still can't believe I pressed the submit order button, but I'm glad I did. I spent 30 minutes weighing the pros and cons while the TV was in my shopping cart. I wasn't sure if it was my imagination or a sales tactic but the quantity shown was going down as I refreshed the description page for this TV as I was deciding. After submitting the order I went through the "there's still time for more research and cancel the order" phase and spent a couple more hours looking up reviews and trying to not look at my gf directly in the eye that night...I survived and a couple of days later two guys carried a giant Samsung box up to my place. The TV is HUGE compared to my old 32" LCD.Physically this TV is beautiful, thin, it has a clear border, and has Samsung's smart tv WIFI access. The picture quality looks great with deep blacks and vivid colors. There are many options to adjust the picture and sound. My friends come by to play games sometimes and I found out that this TV even has a game mode. Another benefit of this model is the realistic 3D effects. You have to wear the 3D glasses to enjoy the 3D effects, which will add to the cost of the TV if you didn't get in on the combo deal.I did find a dead pixel on the screen during my trial period and called Amazon to exchange the TV right away. I was amazed how easy it was to process the exchange and schedule the delivery of the TV. The delivery company Amazon used didn't provide very friendly or timely service but that's not Amazon's fault. The only thing I wasn't informed of until I was surveyed is that the TV delivery service includes setup and disposal of the box and packing material. Those lazy delivery men didn't even offer any of that service but even if they did I wouldn't let them touch my new baby. The second TV didn't have any dead pixels or other issues. I've been enjoying the TV so much it took me almost a year to write this review. I highly recommend this TV for value, it's features, and great picture quality. It has other cool features such as the ability to stream Netflix through WIFI and use your Android phone as a remote control. I was laughing the first time I downloaded the remote app on my Samsung Galaxy phone and tricked my gf into thinking the TV was changing channels by itself.Pros:- great picture quality- lots of customizable settings- gaming mode- realistic 3D- huge 59" screen- loud speakers- Samsung smart tv WIFI DLNA support- use Android phone as TV remote as long as you have Samsung's remote app installed.- stream netflix on the TV without extra equipment- software update through WIFI- connect your laptop to the tv via HDMI cable to use the TV as a computer monitor.Cons:- heavy TV- slight buzz noise when TV is on but not really noticeable unless it's really quiet.- you will be watching more TV than normal.- your friends and family members will come over sometimes uninvited to watch TV or play video games.- wish it had more ports