When I finally decided to enter the modern age and get a big screen TV, I began this great search with a few basic requirements: it had to be approx. 50", It had to be $1000 or less, it had to have a good assortment of necessary 'plug-ins', the basic sound (without external speakers) had to be respectable, and it had to show sports action without halting or ghosting. And so then the journey began.Until recently I had my mind made up that, in order to get the fluid sports motion AND good side viewing, it was going to be plasma. But then I began to hear the plasma breakdown/high repair horror stories and I wavered. Back came the plasma sirens calling, "Good prices! Come hither!". I edged oh so close to the plasma rocks, but waiting inside a restaurant for chicken wings-to-go one day I realized that the glare present on the totally flat glass screen was so totally unacceptable (unless the room has no windows) that plasma was out. That LCDs had greatly improved their side viewing abilities in the last few years made this decision much easier.So LCD it was but now there were LCD, LED-LCD, 720p, 1080p, 60 Hz, 120 Hz, 240 Hz not to mention the various brands. In laymen's terms, LEDs are just thinner LCDs that cost more, like about $150-200 more for my specifications. I saw no real difference in picture quality between LCD and LED and I found 3 inches thick is not that much different from 1 3/4" thick. Winner-LCD. 1080p is TRUE HD and everything else is lacking, period. Winner-1080p. 60 Hz is slowly fading and for good reason. 60 Hz allows a "shadow" to appear in fast action or sports. Some say you can't see it, and these people need to be shot. EVERYBODY sees it! So it had to be 120 Hz (or 240), but 120 usually gets the job done no matter the brand. I wasn't personally interested in 3D (add $150-200 for 3D), but that's just me.So the specs were set and it was time to go out and see the sets side by side. LCDs come in 46" and 55" sizes. The 55" models were tempting (my newly bought cabinet would fit 56") but it seemed to me the pictures of all the 46" sets was superior enough to notice. Winner (by a nose)- 46". Then came true decision time, brand. Looking, and looking, and looking some more, I came to the conclusion that two brands had the best combination of picture quality and fast action smoothness; Sony and LG. Both have good repair histories so basically I began a one week search for the best deal on either of these two brands. I guess their consistant quality is evidenced by the fact they rarely have huge price cuts, so no firesale prices on either. The final deciding factor? I always liked Sony TV picture quality and decided to go for it!Since I've bought it I couldn't be happier. The only glitch I've found is that favorites can't be erased unless you unplug and reprogram (how stupid!) The sound is solid, good thing since my wife hates the speakers that "make it sound like a theater"???? I know Sony has had some issues with their 42" sets, but I'm totally satisfied with mine. Good luck finding one, though. Apparently a lot of people have decided this is one great TV for $800-900 and availability is limited (older model now you know). Happy hunting!