I purchased this Samsung PN58C8000 plasma TV back in late Jan 2011, so it is only 4 months old. I have taken care of the TV to prevent burn in (or so I thought), which everyone states should not even be a consideration with these newer plasmas. Unfortunately, I can tell you this is NOT the case. I estimate I have about 400 hours on the TV. I watch some 4:3 content (about 25% of the time), but try to watch full screen HD whenever possible. A couple nights ago, I noticed lines where the outline of the 4:3 picture ends and the vertical black bars begin. I read up on this and tried displaying snow for a couple hours. This did not fix the problem. The Samsung manual also suggested I use gray bars instead of black for the borders. This information is found under the Screen Burn Protection section. Well, this model TV does not even have that option. What makes it worse is that in an entirely different section of the manual under Size, it warns about watching 4:3 content and how this can cause burn in at the edges of the 4:3 window. Of course, it also states that this is not covered under warranty. Who is going to look under Size to read about burn in when there is a specific section called Burn In Protection? They need better tech writers! Needless to say, I'm very disappointed that my nice, new TV now has these lines on the right and left sides. Tech support was pretty useless and literally read me the manual verbatim as far as fixing the issue. They also told me this is not covered under warranty, but I already knew that. I was hoping they would have some compassion. Oh, and the people that say there is no humming, they must have bad hearing. It is actually quite loud, but I figure that is the trade off for the better picture over LCD or LED. This blows my 40" Samsung 120 hz LCD out of the water when it comes to picture quality. The humming only becomes unnoticeable once your volume is turned up to about 18, which is 20% of the max volume. So be warned, despite all the hype that burn in is no longer an issue, I can tell you otherwise. I know they have newer models now, but this was top of the line last year and still had the issue. I would be careful. Just don't watch ANY 4:3 content. I should have told my toddler no cartoons. Or, I could have stretched the image and watched everything out of proportion. It wouldn't make sense to change this setting 2-4 times a day depending on the channel I am watching.NOTE - I tried putting this exact review on Samsung's website (cut and paste), but it was rejected because it did not meet their posting rules. Guess they don't like it when someone has something constructive to offer. I wanted to post it somewhere so others could take the necessary precautions and not damage their TVs like I did.