We have been using this Panasonic TV since December 2011.I read a lot of reviews before deciding and even found one on display at my local Sears store so I could check it before buying. Amazon had the best price by far so I ordered. I've been very happy with the purchase.I had a 52" sony LCD wall mounted and wanted a bigger set to watch movies and football. I found that going with plasma bought me more screen realestate for the money. I don't intend to debate plasma over LCD but as other reviewers stated glare is a problem with this set so make sure it suits your room. I read about a buzzing noise on some plasma sets but can't detect it on this one.As far a picture quality goes plasma isn't as bright as LCD so it took a little getting used to. I think think the picture quality of this set is outstanding for the price and plasma also looks really good for movies. Football also looked good and motion blur was not a problem. The wireless connectivity works but I haven't spent much time with it because I use a Roku for Netflix, My TV is mounted to the wall so it was easier to run the Roku through the surround sound.I use a PS3 for DVD and purchased Tron 3D with the set. Blu-ray 3D was very good with generic glasses I bought from Amazon for less that half the price of the Panasonic glasses. I had switched from Directv to cable when I bought this set, cable had 3D programing available. I was quite happy with the 3D picture my cable company offered and was able to run the HDMI through my non 3D surround sound system. Unfortunatlely the cable pic in most other programming wasn't quite as good so I switched back to Directv and haven't been using the 3D much due to lack of programming on directv. Note that to get the Blu-ray 3D from the PS3 I used the latest HDMI cable plugged directly into the tv, sound was output via optical to the surround sound system. My surround didn't support HDMI in Version 1.4 but as I said early, the older cables or surround sound work with 3D from the cable box. (Search the internet for info)I have tried using the 2D to 3D conversion on this tv but it isn't worth it. It works but dosen't compare to a real 3D signal so I don't bother with it. I bought a 3D bowling game for the PS3 and really like the added effect and am looking for another game.Sound quality from the TV speakers is weak and the volume is only adequate. Its not a problem in a quiet room but background noise makes it difficult to hear. I frequently use the surround sound especially when watching movies, playing games or watching football.Overall we have to say this was a solid purchase and we are very happy with it. Just be aware of the reflection/glare and the barely adequate TV speakers when deciding if its right for you.