I bought my Sony 46XBR4 on Labor Day, so I have been using it just about a month now.  I can't even tell you all the worrying about which model of Sony HDTV to get that I went through prior to that, especially since some other recent Sony models were several hundred dollars less than the 46XBR4.  Finally, finally!, I bit the bullet and went for this one, knowing three grand was an incredibly ridiculous amount of money to pay for a TV and sweating bullets every day until it got delivered.  I think the most I ever paid was about $700 before years ago (also a Sony and I still have it), but that might even have included a stand.  (A few days later, I was talking to a coworker about each other's activities over the holiday, and I said I bought a 46-in HDTV and mentioned the price.  Let me tell you, this was the first time I had said the price aloud to anyone, and it suddenly hit me just how much money that is, and what the HECK was I thinking??!!!Well, now, I think it was the best TV decision I ever made.  Wait...I'm sorry, I can't call this just a "TV"; it should have a more magnificent name.  There are times when I am watching some HD programming (such as Dancing with the Stars -- okay, go ahead and laugh, but I love Jane Seymour on it) or a Blu-ray movie, and I am stunned at the incredible depth, color, sharpness, anything you could name.  I find the Motion Enhancer feature set to "High" makes things very three-dimensional like.I also have an Optoma HD72 projector, and up until I got this HDTV I would be watching it almost every night.  There is still nothing to compare with the size of a 120" image on a huge screen to really give you the theater feel.  However, since getting the HDTV, I have barely had one night when I have used the projector.  Certainly the HDTV image is much smaller than the projector's but, oh, that image!  I have always been impressed by Sony products (I would guess 95% of my home entertainment items are Sony) but I never realized how much better the image was on a Sony until I started looking before - and after - selecting this HDTV.  I have a game now where I go into a Costco or Best Buy and see a line of HDTVs, and I try to guess from the screen alone which is the Sony.  And it is very easy because the Sony HDTVs shine above the other.A few days after I got this TV delivered, and enjoyed playing with it, I went into the Burbank Fry's Electronics store.  It turned out that right near the entrance, they had the 46XBR4 set up next to a 46V3000 or a 46W3000, I think it was.  Now, let me just say that before I decided on the 46XBR4, I was almost going to go with either the V or the W.  However, now seeing the XBR4 and the other model right there next to each other...there was no comparison.  The 46XBR4 made the V or the W, whichever it was, a pale imitation.  They were playing the first Pirates of the Caribbean movie from a Blu-ray player on both screens and I was listening to other people saying how much better that XBR4 was in every detail.  I could definitely see it.  Believe me, I was certainly a happier man when I saw the two HDTVs together because it told me I made the right choice.  That extra money was worth it!I love it!  I absolutely love it!  This is the most incredible picture I have ever seen!  Go for it!