This Plasma is an absolutely beautiful TV. The PQ is unrivaled in its price range. Unfortunately it suffers from some serious quality issues, which have been noted in some of the earlier reviews.For me my experience with this TV has been about as bad as one could possibly imagine. This is why I wanted to share my story, hopefully others who are having trouble will see my experience and at least think to themselves, "Hey, at least I'm not that guy!"So I first ordered this TV back around BF when prices were getting competitive. I thought prices would come down more but wanted the TV before Christmas so took the plunge. The ordered TV arrived in about a week and looked beautiful in the box. Once the delivery guys took it out of the box it was apparent that the screen was shattered. We attributed this to the cold weather, but really had no clue since the outside box was not damaged.Replacement process was simple, Amazon was helpful and the replacement arrived about a week later. Again box was in perfect condition. This time delivery guys were in a rush and did not check the screen or perhaps they feared cold weather and wanted to leave it in the box. Either way when I checked it about 8 hours later the screen was damaged as well.Again replacement process was simple, Amazon was courteous and even offered to refund my money. But I wanted this TV so requested another replacement. The second replacement arrived in about another week and the box and screen were perfect. Let it sit for a few hours. Finally, turned it on and it buzzed like a refrigerator compressor. At first it was only barely noticeable within a foot or so of the TV. But once it was mounted it focused the sound like a laser beam right at the sweet spot of the TV (directly in front of the TV). The sound was loudest at about 12 feet away. Tried it for a week but after Christmas guests even complained and after reading other site reviews (AVS Forums/CNET) I knew there were sets without this buzzing problem so I wanted to exchange.The replacement for the buzzer arrived promptly.. with a broken screen! I am going backwards....So here I sit now about 1 month later. Went through 2 TVs to get a 3rd TV that buzzes. 4th TV was damaged and tried to get a non buzzer but unfortunately a new low price and the susceptibility of this set to being damaged has obviously depleted Amazon's stock, so they are unable to give me an estimate of when they can send the new one.Hopefully they get one in stock soon, because with the CES announcing 2011 TVs I might just say F'it to this TV and get the next best thing. And for large Items I definitely will not go through Amazon again unless they do something about the delivery of defective items.Good luck to those ordering this set and congratulations to those who received a non-cracked and non-buzzing set.