This TV is capable of producing outstanding video, but it demands a very high quality video feed (HD source through an HDMI cable) to perform up to its full potential.  The video adjustments also require considerable tweaking to achieve optimum performance.I have owned my Samsung 32" HDTV (model LNT3253H) for about six weeks.  The TV is connected to a Comcast HD Motorola cable box with an HDMI cable.  The HD video quality is excellent and the standard definition TV video quality is surprisingly good.  It is important to note that these results were achieved only after a good deal of tweaking with the video adjustments.  I usually avoid looking at instructions, but I found that this is one product where reading the Owner's Instructions was very helpful.  There are a large number of possible adjustments, including some that I had never heard of before.  These include Gamma, Color Space, White Balance, Edge Enhancement and Digital Natural Image Engine (DNIe).  The Instructions explain what each adjustment does and the on screen Menu permits you to see the effect of each adjustment on the fly, as the adjustments are made.  There are also a large number of video source inputs, including 3 HDMIs, probably more than most people will ever need.The TV audio is surprisingly good, especially considering the fact that the sound comes out of two small slits in the front bottom of the cabinet.  TV audio is not a big issue for me, however, because I have a home theater system that I usually use when watching TV.  But I have no hesitation in using the TV speakers on occasion.  The TV sound does not approach home theater quality, but it is perfectly acceptable for watching many programs, especially those that do not involve music or are not broadcast in surround sound.I have a very old outdoor analog rooftop antenna that was connected to my previous TV, a 27" Sony cathode ray tube set.  The Sony pulled in about six local analog channels through this antenna.  The new Samsung, connected to this old antenna, receives nothing that is watchable.  I have not tried an HDTV antenna with the new Samsung.The DVD video quality, using a standard definition progressive scan DVD player that did not perform upconverting (a JVC XV-N44SL) was only fair to good -- nothing special.  I was disappointed with these results and purchased a new Sony upconverting DVD player (a DVP-NS90V).  The Sony DVD player connected to this TV with an HDMI cable produced a dramatic improvement in video quality.  I have not deducted from my 5 star rating for this product because of the lackluster non-upconverting DVD player video and poor antenna performance.  I did not buy the TV to watch analog over the air TV broadcasts and I assume the antenna performance would improve if I were to use a new antenna designed for HD reception.  Also, the DVD picture quality did improve significantly with an upconverting DVD player.UPDATE 11/13/2007:  I recently purchased an HDTV indoor antenna (a Terk HDTVa.)  With the Terk antenna connected, the TV pulled in 18 local over the air channels and 5 of these were in high defintion.  The high definition reception was crystal clear.  Also, those local HDTV stations broadcast in Dolby 5.1 audio were received in 5.1.  My five star rating for this product remains unchanged.UPDATE 1/26/2008:  As stated above, I usually did not use the TV speakers while watching this TV.  But, about 6 weeks ago while watching two back to back NFL football games on a Sunday afternoon with the TV speakers on, I experienced the "audio drop off problem" several times.  (This problem is discussed by some other reviewers and in an Amazon customer discussion thread.)  The audio cut off completely.  I could temporarily cure the problem by turning the TV off and then back on again or by using the remote to scroll through the input sources back to my football game (on an HDMI input) or by turning the cable box off and then on.I called Samsung during that week and the service representative recommended "resetting" the TV which consisted unplugging the TV for 30 seconds.  I told him I would do this, but added that I wanted the current firmware version for the TV.  He then sent me an email, which led to a link on Samsung's website and I was able to download the new firmware to a USB flash drive.  The email had complete instructions on how to obtain and install the firmware upgrade.  The flash drive plugged into the left side of the TV and I had no problem installing the upgrade.  After resetting the TV and installing the upgrade, I have had no problem with the TV audio and I have made heavy use of the TV speakers in the last six weeks to make certain the problem is resolved.My TV was manufactured in Mexico in March, 2007 and it was shipped with firmware version 1006 and now has version 1022, with the recent upgrade.  I should note that "resetting" the TV caused it to loose all the user adjustments I had made to the default settings, including adjustments to the TV video.  I now write down and keep in a safe place the numerous adjustments I made to the default settings on this TV - if you loose power or unplug the TV, all of these adjustments will be gone.I also note with some concern that a few Amazon reviewers who purchased recently manufactured versions of this TV continue to encounter audio problems.  A TV that can not produce reliable audio is a serious problem.  I, however, am not changing my 5 star rating for this product because I have to judge this TV based on my experience and not that of others - the audio problem I encountered was quickly resolved by "resetting" the TV and installing the firmware upgrade.