Well I have had this TV now for almost a yr. When I was looking at getting an HDTV I did so much research. I read a million reviews and user opinions. I first bought a 50" Samsung DLP. What an amazing TV. Still to this day, that TV is the best TV for the least amount of cash. Don't get me wrong. No DLP is cheap. I put the order in at Brandsmart. Then I went home and realized that I didn't need to spend $3800 for a TV. That included a stand and 5yr warranty. So the next day called my sales guy and canceled the order. I first was going to buy this TV, but went with the DLP. Well after feeling buyer's remorse I got the Toshiba 51H93 instead. I got it for $1350. It came to around $1750 after delievery and 5yr in house service contract. I was sold!!!So about the TV. The remote is cool. It lights up Blue so you can see in the dark. The picture is actually very nice. It all depends on your connection. If you have HDTV from your cable them get this TV. Regular-Digital Cable is def alittle blocky, but not nearly as bad as most Rear Projection TV's. It has a built in converter to make even a regular cable go to 1080i. Don't expect that it will equal HD though. On a DVD or HD signal, the TV is breathe taking. I have had no problems, knock on wood so far. I have an Xbox hooked up, very crisp picture. There is plenty of connections (2 HD), and SD card reader (can take out SD card from digital camera and just plug it in and see your pictures-very cool). The speakers are amazing. I still can't believe that a TV has such a good sound. The bass is overwhelming. I actually had to do into setup and lower the levels. I have a nice surround system which compliments it well. But most of the time I just use the TV unless there is a big game or DVD on.If your looking for a cheap HDTV, look no further. The technology is definitely outdated (rear projection). But for the price you can't beat it. Just remember, even if you buy the best LCD, in a yr from now the new model will blow away your older one. So why spend $4000-$10000 on a TV that will be outdated in less than a yr. This is why I went with a Rear projection. I figure spend the least amount now for the best you can get, and then in a yr or two I can get a better TV. Just think, you can get a $8000 LCD now or buy one $4000 now and then in a few yr's spend another $4000 on a newer LCD. I would bet the farm that the second LCD will be far superior to the $8000 now. I think you ge the point.Well good luck in your purchase and enjoy your new Toy. Take care