Here is a general description of the Toshiba 47TL515U 47-Inch Natural 3D 1080p 240 Hz LED-LCD HDTV with Net TV, Black.- Its bezel has a black-aluminum look to it and is outlined with a reflective glass trim when viewed from the side.- The bottom trim of the TV (where the Power-Volume-Channel controls are located) is extremely glossy.- Its base is a rather large solid plate of glass (7-8 pounds by my estimate) with rubber feet that raise the base about 1/4 an inch off the tv-stand's surface.- Weighs just about the same as my outgoing 42" LCD TV (~45 pounds) I was impressed how much thinner and deceptively heavy this LED TV is.- Remote control has a backlight feature, glossy black, loads of buttons.Pros:+ Clean & crisp images you expect from a 240hz LED TV.+ Low cost of passive 3d, uses the same 3d glasses used in movie theaters.+ Built-in WiFi, 2d->3d capability (more of a gimmick than a stunning 3d display), loads of adjustments can be made to your liking.+ Loads of apps, Netflix TV, Pandora, Yahoo! apps (ie weather, finance), Skype, Facebook, Twitter, able to download and install more apps if wanted.+ USB input is able to play movies right from the flash drive. I've thrown .avi, .mp4 format movies at it and it plays flawlessly.+ Low power consumption. $18 a year when used 5 hrs a day everyday for a year as estimated by the FTC.+ Features voice enhance, it really helps to bring out a voice from background noise. Very practical for hearing news reports.Cons:- Massive TV start up time. Powering it up from a night's rest is between 20-40s at times.- Channel lag, takes about a full second at times to change from channel to channel.- Menu proves to be a little over-complicated. Pressing the menu key will launch a plethora of tabs/sub-menus. There are 3 different ways to program the WiFi connection.- The bottom panel with the power-volume-channel controls are touch-activated, on a glossy panel that is very prone to lingering finger prints. (design flaw?)- The sound is very tinny, high pitches will sting ear drums. Motive to enter sound-bar market.- AutoView screen preference (adjusts color-brightness-backlight-contrast-dynalight automatically) is really annoying, it brings noticeable changes to the picture every second on a dynamic scene.- Initially the WiFi was very finicky, it would disconnect often and I would have to reestablish a WiFi connection, after a few days this has stopped and now has a stable connection.- Wobbles nervously when I plug in HDMI/USB.- Hardwired and very short power plug. (~3-4ft)Overall I find this TV to be very sleek, affordable, and functional. Once you get past putting up with the initial start up lag, this is the TV to buy in this current LED TV market.Update: I have discovered that at times this TV is unresponsive to channel switching/volume changing and even power controls. After a solid minute it will just shut itself off. Will update if this TV poses a serious problem.Part 2: Does not support my 32gb Corsair flash drive, however I went around this problem by plugging the flash drive into my router to use it as a media server. From there I can watch videos out of the 32gb flash drive.