1 week of ownership with the 2014 Vizio E550i-B2 55" Full Array LED Smart HDTV:I have been following this 2014 Vizio E Series release hoping to replace my 4 year old Vizio 47" E Series. Up until 2 weeks ago the only retailers where Amazon and Sam's Club. Just so happens I am a Costco Member plus I am not fond of shipping large fragile things so I was waiting to buy... Then my monthly Costco trip came up and what did they just get 3 of? The E550i-B2 55" Smart LED HDTV. (Since they have gotten about 20 more creating a whole pallet stack display.) So after pondering the decision over Charmin Ultra, and Baby Diapers. I had them load 1 up to take home.Killer price point (Amazon does not have the lowest price on it...) plus at the end of the year I get 10% back on it because I am an 'Executive Club Member'. So being a Technofile 1/2 the stuff I got at Costco stayed in the car because I was pulling my old TV off the wall ready to mount that 55" beauty up there! It only took about 5 minutes to get the VESA mount off the old TV and on the new 1. First thing I noticed was the VESA mounts are super low compared to my older Vizio ( but then again there is about 1/2 as much weight ). The upgrade from 47" to 55" is pretty substantial especially since this is my Bedroom TV ( I actually replaced a 7 year old Philips 42" LCD HDTV in the living room with the 47" older Vizio out of my bedroom. ). With 3 boys, a XBOX 360 & a XBOX ONE I am not too welcome in the living room, LoL, so I have our bedroom setup.It did not take anytime to get the TV up and exploding with "Full-Array 120Hz LED HD" that is extremely better that my 4 year old LCD, especially when watching full 1080p like Blu-Ray or the AppleTV. Even with my Motorola Dual Tuner HD DVR from the cable company, the 1080i it puts out is a lot crisper and vibrant that my older model Vizio. It is also great using my AppleTV and Airplay to display my MacBook Pro so I can sit back with the laptop on the nightstand and use my Bluetooth Keyboard & Mouse to get some Photo editing done ( or surf the net ). So far the picture quality is almost as nice as my Apple 27" Thunderbolt Displays.I would say there are 2 things that are not up to 'snuff', the Remote Control is plain useless ( it is like a downgrade from the previous E Series's QWERTY remote plus it is NOT even universal so I still need my DVR Remote, my Blu-Ray Remote, ect. So I programmed the TV code into the DVR Remote, which is universal and it will do everything the Vizio Remote will, even Apps and have been scouring the net to see if the alternative Vizio QWERTY Remote will work on the 2014 E Series B line but the TV's are so new no one has any information yet.), and next is the VIOS Apps PLUS content... Other than Netflix / Hulu, which my AppleTV, and Blu-Ray already have, there is really nothing of sustenance on it. Even after forcing myself to get a Yahoo account, thinking I could possibly download additional Apps, notta', There previous Google Apps setup was better that this. Lucky I have the AppleTV's, and Airplay (not to mention a massive iTunes Apple Lossless Music, Canon EOS 5D Mark III 21MP RAW Photography Aperture Library and 1080p .m4v Movie collection on my 2 WD 8TB Thunderbolt RAID's that will display beautifully using the AppleTV but none of those formats are used by this Smart App Center).So as far as the hardware, display, quality, size, and value for the $$ this next Generation Full Array LED Display are 5 stars. The Remote and Apps bring it down 1/2 a star for me.Would I purchase again? You bet! Do I hope for some software updates and optional Remotes, definitely. The E550i-B2 did just start shipping at the end of January so hopefully these minor issues can be addressed. ( I noticed they also just started shipping the 60" E Series B line and pricing is right on par at the next level, so I am satisfied with 55" at $679.99. ) But this is only a week old unit, with a lot of new technology in it. We will have to update at 6 months and a year to see if they hold up.