I have to admit I bought this set on an impulse, without a lot of research. I needed a new TV, I'd heard and read some positive reviews about Vizio (in general, not this set in particular), it looked great in the store (don't they all) and the price was right. So without any experience with or knowledge of HD televisions I took the plunge.Set up couldn't have been easier, although the down-facing inputs are a little difficult to access. The manual and back panel are well diagramed and it was simple figuring out what goes where. I had the cable box and DVD player hooked up immediately and was watching standard def TV within 5 minutes of getting it out of the box. I got an HDMI cable the next day from my cable company for $9 (DON'T OVERPAY for an HDMI cable!) and was accessing the Hi-Def channels after that one simple connection.The 32" size is perfect for my small (15 x 15) living room. I was immediately impressed by the picture, but the factory settings for brightness and color were way too high for my taste. After getting slightly frustrated with the many picture adjustment settings and choices and having trouble getting a consistently good picture from channel to channel, I found a review online on cnet of the similar VX32L which listed the exact settings they used for the review...I transferred those settings to my set then slightly tweaked them to my liking and the picture is now pretty close to perfect.Like I said, I have no experience with HD so I can't say if this set has a better picture than its competitors, but standard-def stations are actually better than I expected they would be and most hi-def content is absolutely amazing. If you're getting this set to watch sports that are shot and broadcast in HD you will not be disappointed. I can't imaging the picture being any better - it far exceeds my expectations. That being said, if you expect all channels to look like the HD demos they display in the stores, you're in for a let down (nothing to do with the Vizio, but the majority of programing out there is still standard def). It takes a little getting used to the bars on the side or the stretched image (depending on what mode you choose to watch standard TV on), but the Vizio makes it easy to access the menus and experiment with those different viewing modes. Some of the other hi-def content has been a mixed bag. Most of the sitcoms on TBSHD don't look that much better than the standard-def versions. The movies on HBOHD are considerably better than the standard broadcasts, but none have blown me away with crisp detail and vivid color like the sports and concert content have.The Vizios remote is very basic. Adjust volume, change channels, choose input source, and bring up the menus. That's it. Unless you have another universal remote that can handle all the Vizio's options you're going to need at least one other remote to fully operate your system.  Another minor complaint is that the viewing angle is not as good as advertised. I found that viewing off center by as little as 25 or 30 degrees dulls the picture considerably. No big deal for me, but something you  might want to investigate if it's important to you. On the plus side, room lighting had very little affect on the quality of the picture - it looks just as good in the day with the blinds open as it does when the room is completely darkened. A nice surprise.The built-in sound is adequate. Typical simulated surround sound option and a basic equalizer. Clear dialog and good enough to live with until I get a real surround system, but nothing to write home about.DVDs look just fine, but it's hard to get excited over the quality after experiencing the HDTV. Just keep in mind that DVDs that aren't already 16 x 9 will still have to be viewed with bars (top and bottom, or side to side depending on the original aspect ratio) or be stretched (i.e. distorted) in order to fill the screen.  Know this going in, as this is the top complaint I'm hearing in talking to other new wide screen owners.Overall all I'm very happy with my purchase. I think I had realistic expectations of what standard def programming would look like on an HDTV and I'm satisfied (though not thrilled) with the Vizios performance. I am thrilled, however, with the Vizios HD performance - It is amazing, and I would recommend this set to anyone looking for an affordable entry point into HDTV.