Update after two years of ownership (12/2012):I still love my tv!  Three coworkers bought this same tv based on my recommendationand they have no complaints.  The newer model in this line seems inferior to thismodel: it is only 60 Hz.  I still don't have Netflix (I'm thinking about it though)or any online services so I cannot comment on internet.  But the tv is still a greattv and I would not hesitate to purchase this same model if I had to replace the tv.I like my setup with Audioengine A5 speakers and remote outlet to power the speakerson and off from the comfort of my couch.  This is the second Sony TV I have ownedand the previous one lasted more than 15 years.  Sony makes good quality tvs.I spent a lot of time during Thanksgiving looking for a new TV and doingresearch.  Money isn't really a constraint for me, but I wanted to try to findthe sweet spot.  I didn't want 3D or internet.  I wanted a basic tv with goodquality that will last a long time.After looking at Consumer Reports, reading reviews on Amazon, CNET and severalonline forums, I narrowed my selection to the Samsung LN46C630 and the SonyKDL-46EX500.  I went to several stores to look at these tvs.  Depending on howwell the tvs were adjusted, these two tvs looked about the same.  The Samsungis less expensive, but all the reviews I read were consistent in mentioning"panel lottery".  No where did I read about anyone complaining about poorpicture quality with Sony.  Be aware that tvs in different sizes may usedifferent lcd panels, so be careful about reading a review for a 46" tv andapplying it to 32" tv.  You can find AV forums where someone has publishedwhat LCD panels are used in the various sizes.The bottom line is that Sony has good picture quality (especially flesh tonesand deep black is also good).  A number of people remarked about sub par soundquality, but I have Audioengine A5 powered speakers connected to the tv.There are plenty of connectors on this thing including 4 HDMI (I am connectingsatellite, blue ray and computer and still have a spare).I didn't know if the lcd/led was worth the extra money.  I went to the localSonystyle store where they had four 46" EX models on display side by side:400, 500, 700, 800.  I could see the benefits of 500 (120 Hz) over 400 (60Hz), but honestly I couldn't see an advantage to the more expensive led model.The color quality on 500 was just as good if not better than the higher endmodels.  I concluded that led did not really offer discernable improvedpicture quality and I should NOT spend money on it.  The led was thinner andlighter, but 30 vs 38 lbs doesn't matter and power consumption on led isn'tthat much lower.This tv replaced a Costco special 720p Akai 27" lcd tv which had a verticalrow of pixels missing.  I sit 8' from the tv and at first considered a 40" tvas a replacement.  After reading the recommendations for screen size vsviewing distance I went with the 46".  It seemed huge at first but after 3weeks of owning this tv, it sems just right!  The prices of 40, 46, 55 inchtvs in this model class scale linearly with the number pixels.I have never purchased an extended warranty, but with only a one year warranty(standard for all lcd tvs) and reading CNET, I purchased the extendedwarranty on Amazon.Finally, I was nervous about buying an expensive electronics product andhaving it shipped and handled by gorillas.  But there were no Amazoncomplaints about shipping and for 40" or larger tvs, they contract the freightshippers.  My guess is that this tv was probably assembled in Mexico, it wasaired from DFW, put on a truck and two guys showed up in a Penske truck anddelivered the tv in the time slot that I selected when I purchased the tv.  Iam happy with my experience purchasing a tv throuh Amazon.I am not an AV nut.  I am extremely happy with the overall quality of this tvand recomend it if you are looking for a decent TV without lots of features.I expect to be using this tv for at least the next 6 years.I really like this tv!