I've always been a fan of Samsung products because they have always been durable and never have given me any problems. This TV is so clear it's almost unreal!! You'll never go back to watching TV on anything else!! I've had the TV for 2 weeks now and am loving it!! (It's taken me 2 wks to get use to the clarity! Got a little nauseas from time to time because it was so clear it gave me motion sickness!!)Pros--Several HDMI ports, USB, ethernet, etc. (I only use the HDMI & component ports)-loving the USB port because I can just plug my USB or external hard drive right into it to watch my movies that I have in Dvix format. I haven't tried accessing my videos, pics or music by connecting it to my pc though so I can't comment on that-Clarity is better than LCD or plasma by far!! Almost appears 3D or like the movie is being filmed right in front of you!!-HD channels & Blu-ray, DVD's look amazing on the TV. Crystal clear-Remote works on other samsung products w/o programming/vice versa. It also came with a tiny palm size remote that allows you to control the volume and change the channels w/o using the bigger remote. The bigger remote does light up orange behind the keys at movement or touch.-Sound is good. I just keep it at a low level because I use my Samsung home theater surround sound speakers for everything.-Of course the size is great! No bulky backside of the TV, very slim and not heavy at all. I think it says 65 or 70 lbs. Anyhow, I was able to lift it by myself (I'm a girl :))onto the TV stand which is about 3 or 4 ft high. I would have went with a black base though to better match the rest of the TV. Eventually I will mount it on the wall, but for now it sits on the base. (which is a bit bulky)-I like all the applications such as Yahoo, Amazon (can rent/buy movies), You Tube, weather, etc that it has. You have to have an internet connection either by hooking it up directly to the TV w/ the port or wireless. (If you do it wireless, you have to have the Samsung Wireless USB adapter, which is a bummer cause it will run you and additional $80 give or take)-Also, I was hesitant about ordering such a large TV online, but shipping was fast. The site said it would be delivered on a Thursday, but they had called on Thursday to set up a delivery on Saturday. Wasn't a big deal because I still thought it was fast for ordering it on that Monday. The delivery guys carried it into the room I wanted and were super nice. So thats a plus!Cons--Buying a Samsung wireless adapter! Paying 70-80 bucks on a USB stick like adapter is plain crazy! I say throw one in the box because we're paying a lot as it is on the TV. My Samsung home theater came w/ one in the box. What gives?-The big remote (it comes w/ a 2nd small palm size one) drains your batteries. This is because it has like a sensor on it or something that makes the keys light up, so anytime I move my coffee table (I have a rolling lift top coffee table) or touch the remote it lights up. It's a nice feature, but to prevent it from draining the batteries I put it in the TV cabinet and just use my other remote that came w/ my home theater. In this last year I already replaced the batteries twice, which is no biggie but be aware that the slightest touch will turn the light on.UPDATE:So, I have now owned the TV for about 1 yr with no problems, and its been great. Sometimes I wish it was even bigger than it already is!! The volume which was mentioned in other reviews isn't the greatest like having a home theater, but once again I am mainly running the volume off my home theater. I only use the TV volume when I am watching movies I order through the Amazon Video on Demand feature. It gets loud enough, but as far as awesome sound effects/bass, it isn't happening (I do have a small living room though). But, I don't think it's a big deal for those who don't care about this. Also, I got to check the latest downloads to see if Netflix is available. As of now, I don't have netflix on the TV apps which I am not sure if I can get it or not. Everyone who has come over has complimented the TV and its clarity. If your still unsure, check it out at your local electronic store before dishing out the money, but you won't be disappointed. Watching TV anywhere else is disappointing :)