This review is for 55" HX820.Shipping and unpacking: The delivery truck driver called me ahead of time to schedule a delivery. The unit arrived very nicely packed. The unit is really light weight (~60 pounds). So do make sure it is propped against a wall or something sturdy - the box can easily tilt over.  It's very easy to unpack; pull the four plastic locks at the bottom and the whole cardboard box can be lifted above the unit. I and my wife did it easily in under 5 minutes.The TV is very sleekly designed and looks great!! Nice black unit and very slim.Setup: Sony provides a tabletop stand, but with such a large unit that is light weight, it's always better to use wall mount or a stand with a mount to avoid accidental tilting. The base stand was easy to attach. Be cautious you can accidentally attach it backwards. There is an easy set-up menu (standard stuff such as time and date, tuning channels, other connected equipment etc). It did take me about an hour to make sure the TV was properly secured and all the units (bluray player, game console etc) were connected before turning it on.Setup was very easy including connecting to the internet (I used wifi - entering the password is a pain, but you can use WPS if your router allows it; The unit also has an ethernet port and you can use a wired connection). The user manual that comes with the unit only provides very minimal information. The i-manual accessible through the unit's software menu provides more detailed information.Video and Audio: The default settings provide excellent picture quality. I did not have to adjust anything. However, for the more demanding users, there is a choice of built-in presets as well as option to customize/modify the settings. The gorilla glass does provide very nice 'black contrast'. However, it reflects any minimal light you might have in the room. So the picture quality is great if you have a really nice dark room. A place like a living room with many windows perhaps is not a good place.Fast action videos are amazing to watch since there was no blur. I watched a few home videos (shot with a Sony HDR-CX110) where I was  clearly able to notice the difference between my previous 60Hz TV and this one.Audio quality is so so with the units stereo speakers- sufficient for the average user. It's worth mentioning that the unit has simulated surround sound (unlike HX729, the speakers are on the front of the unit and easy to hear). as always, if you had an audio system (home theater or so), it is better to use it than the unit's speakers.Features:1. network and internet: There are lots of features due to the internet capability. The unit can be set-up to work with your amazon movies, netflix, hulu account etc. If you have set-up a media streamer (e.g. Mezzmo) on your PC, the unit can very well connect to the server and display videos seamlessly. However, the quality depends on your network speed and bandwidth. With a wireless n router and my AMD quad-core PC, I was able to stream 720p videos very well, but 1080p videos were choppy. Sony also provides some free internet content (~250 movies, ~400 TV shows etc through a provider called 'Crackle'), but as you can imagine these movies are not box office hits. A note of caution though - most of these are R rated movies and I havent found a way how to restrict internet content based on rating. You can do that for the cable/antenna program though.2. 3D: The 3D capabilities of the TV are really great. I don't have other 3D units to compare but the quality was as good as the ones I have watched in theatres using active 3D glasses. The 3D depth and fast action scenes (like in Potter movies) are very good although the colors are not as vibrant as when you watch regular bluray movies. There is an internet link where you can watch some trial 3D clips.3. Other: There is a built-in camera at the bottom of the unit. It apparently has face detection capabilities so that the unit can adjust the audio and video according to where you are watching from. I haven't had a chance to test this. However the same camera detects when a small child is near by (with in 3ft of the screen) and then beeps and turns off the picture. We need to check until what age it works or how it detects child vs adult. but seems to be a nice feature - worked with a 4 yr old that we tested with.When setting ambient light contrast etc., you can actually see a preview from that camera, but don't know why we cant use it for skype (yes, skype is another feature on this tv)!!Cons:1. Like other reviewers have pointed out, there might be a slight tilt to the right with the provided stand depending on number of factors (placing on carpeted floor, glass top stand etc). This is especially true with the 55" version.2. Many users complain about the bleed problem, but it appears only very little and only on the sides. It does not affect picture quality in anyway (ofcourse you watch tv from the front and not the side). I am not concerned about it.3. The software that drives the menu and setup is very slow and quite clunky. It froze and restarted the tv so many times initially. Due to the wifi connection, the unit did update the software automatically (prompts you when update is available). In the past week, I havent seen any restart or freeze. Need to see how well it works. The software is slow to respond nevertheless.Overall, really excellent TV for the amazing picture quality, ability to display fast motion videos with no blur, internet and network capabilities as well as extremely light weight design.