This Toshiba TV is an excellent choice for gamers looking to get into 3D. It offers features seen on higher end models from other companies for significantly less than the competition without sacrificing quality. I absolutely love the bezel- it is a brushed metal frame with piano-black accents on the bottom and stand rather than the all piano-black appearance which has become the standard for most new TVs. It does most things right, and the negatives are all fairly minor.PROS:-Breathtaking picture when properly adjusted. Colors are vivid and really give the picture a nice amount of pop. The TV offers a number of presets that you are then free to adjust to your liking, with the exception of "Game" mode.-Matte screen. This one is a matter of personal preference, but I love the fact that this TV has a semi-matte screen. I absolutely hate the trend of TV's with super-glossy reflective screens. If I want glare and reflections, I have my mirror for that. You still get some reflections, but it's not distracting to the point of being a deal breaker.-240 Hz. This helps prevent resolution loss during scenes with fast motion as well as reduces the amount of blur with said fast motion scenes.-Passive 3D. This is the same kind of 3D you see in your local movie theater with the same glasses (the movie theater glasses work with this TV). Glasses are light, don't require batteries, and best of all, are inexpensive unlike active glasses, which can cost upwards of $50 a pair. Detractors of passive 3d claim that resolution is halved due to the nature of the technology, but sitting 6 feet away, the picture is definitely not inferior to active 3D and may even be brighter and punchier.-2D to 3D Conversion. I am using this feature a lot more than I figured I would. While it doesn't magically make all 2D content 3D, it does add an interesting layer of depth. Great for sports and gaming.-Nearly UNDETECTABLE gaming lag. This one is extremely important to me, and what ultimately lead me to purchase this set. It was either this TV or the LG 47 LW6500, and the reports on gaming lag comparisons made the choice clear. Lag is virtually zero with this TV and that's without even using the "GAME" mode. Even using the "Smooth" setting on the Film Stabilization Menu, games were smooth and lag free. It's like a free performance boost. I would however recommend setting Film Stabilization to "Standard" while playing timing-sensitive games (First Person Shooters, Rock Band, Fighting games, etc.)-Plenty of inputs for all your home entertainment gear.-Price: I purchased this TV on Amazon for $949.99 with free 2 day Prime Shipping (I am an Amazon Prime Member). When you consider the size and wealth of features of this TV, the price and service are hard to top. I was a little concerned ordering something so major over the internet, but kudos to Amazon for their excellent service.CONS:-TV start up time is between 15-20 seconds even with the latest firmware update. May be a nuisance to some, but doesn't really bother me since I did my research on the issue ahead of time.-Internet apps and widgets are weak. The only useful app on board is Netflix. Even then, I don't plan on using it since I can stream through my game console. It would be nice to have Hulu Plus and Amazon Video on Demand.-Menus are not as well laid out as some competing models. Settings have no descriptions as to what they actually do, and the manual is not very helpful in explaining much of it. Definitely not a big deal, you can figure out most of it on your own.-No adjustable blur or dejudder. The settings only allow you two choices: On or Off. Again, not a deal-breaker by any means, but it would be nice to have the option to adjust them to your preference.-Mediocre TV speaker sound. Common sense dictates that a TV with such a thin frame would suffer in the speakers department, which it does. Not a big deal if you use a sound bar or sound system, but something to be aware of.Having used the TV for several weeks now, I would say that this TV is a great deal, even more so if you plan to do any gaming on it.