First, for disclosure, my friend bought this Haier unit on a one day sale from Fry's Electronics for just under $200. So no reflection on this Amazon vendor. Just want to warn others about this TV.Per my pun in the title, I'm not very happy with this "TV." Truly, it isn't ready for Prime Time.The picture took a little tweaking (default sharpness is WAY too high), and surprisingly, even with strong cable signals, you have to set the Noise filter to "Weak" (as opposed to "Off") or else you get jpeg artifacts (or something like them) floating in backgrounds and old analog channels looked pastel-ish. Once you tweak it, the picture is okay and the sound is fine.But the real killer is the tuner itself, and somewhat related to it, the slowish, sometimes forgetful brains of the TV.The tuner has problems locking on frequency on the higher channel numbers, say in the 120's. Sometimes it does and sometimes it doesn't. (As an Electrical Engineer, I suspect some sort of PLL design problem.) The first set my friend bought was worse, and wouldn't lock on to a lot of high channels. An exchange unit does better, but still won't lock on one channel. When was the last time you ever saw a TV that couldn't tune channels?Given the history of the units bought on sale at Fry's, one wonders if the units we experienced are gray market rejects, sold at a discount? Maybe full price units do better?The Remote, and the brains behind it, seem slow and forgetful. For example, after you run through the show/hide menu of channels, it takes about 10 seconds before the TV is ready for input. It's almost like the thing has a one bit, 1 Hz microcontroller for brains. It takes about 15 to 20 minutes to do a first time channel scan, whereas her other units can do it in five.Even after you've set preferences, they will sometimes change on you for unknown reasons. (Cosmic Rays? An old engineering joke.)And worse, the channel recall only seems to recall your last channel for a minute or two! So if you don't keep flipping back between channels, it must figure you're happy where you are (never mind that most commercials sequences run about three or four minutes) and it forgets the last channel and clicking "recall" simply brings up the channel you're currently on. Really bizarre.The remote itself is semi-usable, typical of Chinese/Japanese designers who don't seem to grasp ergonomics.I like the Electronic Programming Guide, which our more expensive, brand name units don't have, but the on screen fonts on this unit are tiny, very hard to read from six feet away and I see no way to adjust font size. I'll post some pictures if someone asks me.The box says "Official HDTV of the NBA." Guess that proves that if you jump through enough hoops, anyone can get an endorsement.P.S. You're asking why she keeps it? She doesn't watch it. She bought it more for "decoration" in a guest room and wanted a cheap 26" TV there for the occasional once a year visitor. Were it up to me (it's not) this TV does not pass the "man cave test."