I searched for TVs all around Christmas time to see what TV would a) have a good price b) be the right size and c) have all of the features I want.  After doing a lot of research and reading lots of reviews online (including watching Cnet videos) I decided on this TV.  Now you might be wondering exactly why I decided on this TV:1) Great size (46" is perfect!  I'm glad I didn't go lower or higher because lower would have been a wee bit too small and my space wouldn't be able to handle larger)2) 1080P! (around black friday and christmas time I read lots of things that said 1080p wasn't worth it when 720p was getting so low priced, I'm glad I trusted the things that said 1080p rocks instead ^_^)3) 120HZ (I love action movies and knew that this was a must have feature for me)4) Good on-board sound (I considered getting a sound system but decided against it... it would require setup and tweaking time + take up space, luckily this TV has fantastic sound~)5) Good price range (ok, it's not the cheapest TV you can get at this size with the features I mentioned above.. but it had great reviews, people rarely had bad things to say about it, and I kept on finding myself back in front of it when I went to Fry's to view TVs)6) Easiest to view in person - I was always planning to buy it on Amazon but since a TV is such a bit investment I wanted to find one I could also view in person.  Luckily Fry's had the TV, Circuit City did (well, before they went bankrupt), and I even have a Sony store near me.7) It looks nice - I ended up with the black model when I was originally considering the silver/chrome one (it was the only one amazon had at the time I first started looking) - it's nice and sleek, I keep my room dark so I don't see bright spots on it, and it's really easy to forget the borders are even there.  My other choice had been the Samsung with the touch of red but I just couldn't stand that extra little feature - it was too distracting and sleek is much nicer.The only thing I would ever say was a downside to this TV are the CC.  Not necessarily because of how they are but just the fact that there is only one CC option - but it seems like multiple CC options might have gone away with CRTs, so no biggie.  The CCs are still very legible and are easy to forget about.One last word to the wise - regular def TV does not look great on this thing unless you tell it not to stretch it.  Even if you don't stretch it (do regular 4:3 ratio) it still doesn't look fantastic but I knew when I was buying it that getting channels in HD would be an important thing to do in the future.So really even though CC and regular def viewing are somewhat downsides this TV is so fantastic and it's so easy to forget about those two little things when watching something that I still think it deserves 5 stars.-For people wondering about delivery - it was great, got it setup with a time and date I wanted although I had to call the delivery service directly because otherwise they would have waited a day or two to call me : P  The guys who set it up were great and also setup the stand for me (I had no idea how I was going to do that on my own so I was very grateful) + they started the setup for me and made sure I could get a feed.