I've had this tv for a few days now and I'm really happy with my purchase.  I'm not an "HD junky" and before this tv we owned a 32 inch, 720p unit.  These are simple comparisons and observations.First off, I love the picture.  I didn't think it would really be "that different", but I was wrong.  Sharp is probably the best word to describe the picture.  As I'm watching Thor, Blacks are Black. Reds are vibrant. The clarity really is impressive.I know there were some reviews with sound quality being poor.  Eh... with two small children running around, I'm able to turn it up and hear the movie over the kids.  It's set on 47 and is only around half way.  Most of the time it's set to around 25.  Could it have richer sound? Sure.  but I'm happy it's not as bad as others have said.The "Internet apps"... Amazing!  We've always used our Xbox for Netflixs and hands down the Netflix app is Much faster.  It also has a good format for scrolling through the movies and picking out shows.  It also has Hulu, Vudu, Amazon, and Youtube, as well as some others.Several reviews discuss how slow the bootup time is.  I don't think it's that bad.  People are saying it's a minute, but It's less that that by far.  We live in an age of Instant gratification, so 30 seconds seems unreasonable... but it's really not that bad.The remote has a ton of bad reviews, so I'll be reserved in my opinions on it.  I will say, you don't have to "stand" on it to make the buttons work, but if you firmly push and hold it for half a second, it registers each character every time.  It's all in the timing, and slowing down a fraction of a second makes all the difference.There is glare as our tv is directly across from a window.  This is annoying in dark scenes, but not entirely the TV's fault.  We just don't have a lot of placement options in our house.Again, as I watch Thor, Colors are awesome and bright.  This is Thor streamed from Netflix, not from a bluray or dvd and it's still Impressive!Vizio has provided a quality product and it's worth the money.Oh, one last thing.  We don't have a 3D capable device, but YouTube has 3D content, and the passive glasses work like a charm.  Fun and exiciting for sure.  The plan is to pickup a PS3 and take full advantage of it, but I don't have a lot of exerience with the 3D as of yet.  As a 2D tv, worth the money!  the 3D is an added bonus for sure!8/12/2012 updateI'm very excited that the TV supports DLNA.  In short, I can stream movies from my Android tablet directly to this TV.  You will need an android app from the market to complete this, but it's super easy.  I do not promote any specific app, but for the technically challenged I used iMediashare.  It works well, but not all formats show up (BluRay specifically).  The idea is, you can stream pictures, movies, and music from your phones or tablets directly to the tv with no wires/cables.  We are watching a movie as I type this, which is an advantage for sure.  You're not dedicating your device to the movie.  You can enjoy streaming content on the TV and surf the web, check email, and play games.super cool!