This Plasma is replacing a 3yr old Hatachi 50" 701. That was my first Plasma I owned. It served me well.A back-story. Last month a purchased the LG lv9500 from a at home shopping network.  It took weeks to arrive.  The full NANO LED LCD was amazing! I never saw HD look so good.  Everything "popped" off the screen and black levels were great.  Now here comes the problem.  It was shipped from FL to PA with AIT behind the wheel. The box it came in was mostly in good shape but the packing material it self was horrible-almost no protection.  The frame of the TV was bowed concave.  The picture was affected with backlight bleed.  Even though I love this TV I had to return it and not reorder in fear that it would be damaged again.After weeks of reading online reviews I choose the 6500 as my new TV.  It was shipped with home Direct, a company I never heard of before, then handed off to the local delivery company Custom Courier Solutions. Let me inform you that they are a top notch operation! With Amazon's ordering process everything went smooth.  Within a weeks time the TV arrived at my home.  The "silver delivery", which was free BTW, was flawless.  They asked me where I wanted it and they unpacked and put it together and placed it on my stand.  To reiterate, the shipping was FREE oh and the enormous box it came in looked like it was never touched by human hands.So far so good.  As many of you know, coming from a LED LCD to Plasma the picture is different.  At first it didn't have the intense pop the LED had and I was a little bummed out. I was expecting great things from the 6500.  I spent more hours online in the forums reading about other peoples setting.  After I played with the adjustments for awhile I got it to look like the LG LV9500 well about 90% of it-that's a good thing! With 4 more inches of viewing size this TV rocks.  The sound system built into this Plasma is really good.  Night and day compared to the LG that had a built-in 5" sub.  The sound truly fills the room with sonic fidelity I never herd from a TV before.  This set is very thin for a Plasma, almost as thin as the LG.  The build quality is better then the LG by a lot.  It just looks super high end.  Another interesting note.  The stand swivels. On the Samsung website it's listed as a fixed stand, it is NOT.  The manufacturing date is August 2011 which in it's self is incredible considering I ordered it on 8/15/2011.I had some trouble getting the Smart TV feature to work.  It would do anything.  Then out of the blue a TOS screen appeared after about 3 hours and downloaded all the updates. Now it works fine.The screen treatment is leaps and bounds over the LG's.  It still shows some refection but it's muted.  The LG was really a mirror.There is NO buzz!That's it for now.  I will update if needed.  Have fun my fellow Tech junkies as we all know that online research is part of the game to pick the right tech for us.