Since late 2000, I've been the proud owner of a Runco PL-50c 50" plasma TV. The Runco was (and still is) a great TV, but over the past seven and a half years, it has been surpassed by other TVs in terms of resolution, input ports (my Runco has no HDMI or even DVI, which limits its usefulness with HD movies on disc), contrast ratio, and other important specifications. So, I decided to get a new TV to replace the still-operational Runco. After doing a lot of research, I decided on the Samsung LN46A650... a slight reduction in size from the Runco, but it fits in the same space without looking awkward.Put simply, this TV has a STUNNINGLY beautiful picture. The full 1920x1080, 1080p picture running at 120 Hz is amazingly smooth, both with HD movie discs (I have HD-DVD) and high-definition TV shows. Watching a movie or show now is almost like looking through a window. In fact, the first couple of days I had the new TV, I almost couldn't handle how good the picture was... it was so clear it was almost unreal. Now that I have gotten used to it, I really appreciate the 120 Hz feature.The Auto Motion Plus (AMP) feature is really cool, as well, but must be used sparingly. Sporting events really are enhanced by having 120 unique frames shown every second, rather than 24 or 30 frames spread out over each second. And video games also benefit from using AMP. But TV shows and movies really do take on a "soap opera" effect, making film look more like video. I've found that the AMP feature should be turned completely off for movies on disc, and lowered for TV shows.The InfoLink feature is great, albeit simple, and works very quickly when you connect the TV to your home network. And I especially like the wide variety of inputs on the back of the set. This set is futureproof. The physical appearance of the TV is also amazingly nice, although it took me a little time to adjust to the mirror-like reflective qualities of the screen. (I would love it if the Touch of Color feature came in other colors. The red is nice, but blue would be stunning and would fit my decor more closely.)My one gripe: The top of my TV was not level when I received it... the top of left side was about 1/8" higher than the right side, and this was pretty noticeable since I have a painting hanging a few inches above the TV. There is NO WAY to adjust the level on this TV, so I had to put a thin shim underneath the right side of its stand to level out the top of the TV. Samsung needs to improve this in future models so that the stand can be properly aligned if it gets out of whack for any reason.Beyond that, though, I couldn't be more pleased with this TV. (Unless it came in a 50" model. 52" is too large for my space, but 50" would have been perfect.) Well done, Samsung!