I have studied this TV on several occasions along with the comparible Samsung LED 3d and the panasonic plasma tv.  I have viewed 2D and 3D sources, and 2D to 3D converions.Pros:  This TV has a superb 2d image, very similar to the other tvs in this price range.  This TV is about an inch thick.  Styling is great.  Makes the Panasonic 3d plasma look like it is from a decade ago as it is 4 inches thick.  The Samsung glasses are like twice as comfortable as the Panasonic glasses.  The 3d picture is great, almost as good as the Panasonic (but is difficult to say as I was forced to view different source material).  It is definately better than the Samsung LED 3d tv which had significant artifact with fast motion in 3d.  The best of all:  STUNNING 2d to 3d conversion.  Couldnt believe it.  I watched a Blue Man Group concert and some other stuff, and was blown away.  I would never have thought that a processor could extrapolate correctly 3d from 2d but WOW.  I have heard quality depends on the source material and I dont know if I was just lucky or what.  Far better than expected.  The audience clearly extended away into the distance.  The performer's hands and the like would reach out towards me.  Seemed very natural, and similar to material shot in 3D.  2d to 3d NOT available on the Panasonic.  Cons:  I would give it 5 stars EXCEPT for the absence of a antiglare surface to the screen. Samsung advertises "True Black" antiglare treatment, but whatever that is it doesnt do anything to my eye.  Just look at the screen.  It is like a mirror.  Type the model number for the 50 inch model into Youtube and watch videos from it.  If you have a window behind the viewer, it will be perfectly portrayed on the screen.  Very disappointing, but common to all plasmas and all sizes of this model series.  The Panasonic has a slightly darker screen which makes the glare slightly less apparent, and the Samsung LED has better antiglare as well.  This TV is heavier than I expected, and was told that that is because it has 2 panes of glass, but then someone else told me it has one, so I dunno.  The remote has flush buttons which while stylish to me are less preferable than traditional buttons which I can press by feel without looking at them.  Summary:  The picture in 2d and 3d is very close to the Panasonic's quality.  But, the SAmsung surpasses the Panasonic because of the 2d to 3d, the vastly more comfortable glasses, and the thin screen.  Highly recommended.  The Sony and LG models release next month (June 2012)but are thought to be inferior based on reviews from CES 2010 (as they are LED models, not plasma which is better for 3d due to much higher refresh rate).Addendum:  I have now had my TV for a couple of weeks and viewed a fair amount of source material.  I have not had much of a problem with glare, except when viewing very dark material in the daylight (rare).  The picture is spectacular and I am still in love with the 2d to 3d conversion (it just amazes me).  I have had none of the pops and buzzing some have complained of, but I do sit about 12 feet away and maybe it is very subtle?  Cant wait for ESPN 3D to broadcast World Cup Soccer in June 2010 (Comcast and DishTV have are carriers).  Still glad I didnt get that fat Panasonic with uncomfortable glasses.Disclaimer:  I will admit that I do not own this TV--I own the 63" model of this same series, but Amazon would not let me  review that until it was offered for sale by their site.  Now that it is offered for sale (preorder) I will add my review there.