I have had a Westinghouse 1080p 42inch monitor for a few years and have really been pleased with it.  However, with the new features on the market (120hz, 24p, etc) I was ready to upgrade.  I initially ordered a Samsung LN46A550 46-Inch 1080p LCD HDTV.  The picture was actually really good on this set, but the glare on the case was VERY annoying.  It also lacked the features I was looking for in a new set, but I tried it out because the price was so good.  The glare was too much to put up with, so I sent it back and started to research Sony's since they are one of the few sets on the market that you can still get without a glossy case.I sure am glad that I found Bravia Z series!  WIthout going up to an XBR, the Z series is the way to go.  If you look at the specs - most of the high end features offered by the XBR are already in the Z series, so it is a really good value when viewed that way.  It makes sense why the Z is not offered in a 52 inch size - it would probably really impact sales of the XBR.  What a great looking TV (both the picture and the case).  I have been extremely impressed with both the blacks on this LCD as well as the vivid colors it produces.  The amount of picture calibration offered on this setup is remarkable - especially compared to my old Westinghouse.  I find the 24p mode on Blue Ray disk to be quite impressive - it really adds a whole new level of enjoyment to watching Blue Ray movies.  The 120hz mode is also wonderful when watching football.  I really cannot say enough good things about this TV - spend the extra money that the Sony brand demands, and you get what you pay for.Although I did not have the issue with this TV, there is a lot of discussion around the Internet about a sparkle issue that this TV has.  Be advised that this was an issue, but Sony has released a firmware update that resolves the problem.  I have done the update and everything is running great.If you are on the fence between this and the Samsung LN46A650 (which is in the same feature class as the Sony), be aware that the Samsung has a very glossy screen - not to mention a sure to be dated red outline on the case.  This really kills one of the great features of LCD's!  The only Samsung I would even consider against this Sony is the Samsung LN46A550 46-Inch 1080p LCD HDTV, but it lacks 120hz, 24p, and has that hideous glossy case.  It seems to me that there is no viable competitor to the Sony Bravia Z-Series KDL-46Z4100!Another side note... When my TV was delivered they also picked up the Samsung for return.  The delivery guys were telling me that they have to pickup Samsungs EVERY day because people are returning them.  He said they have never had to pickup a Sony.  This is proved if you look at the used/new link under the Samsung and Sony's - you will see tons of open box Amazon Warehouse Deals on the Samsungs - but none on the Sony's!