This is my third Toshiba TV, sold one to make room for this one and still have a 50" Rear Projection that has NEVER given me any trouble eight years running(Knock on wood). For the money -- 42" for $1,019 including S&H; from another web site, this is hands down ... THE LCD to get. If your looking for LCD's that is. Good picture quality with standard definition programming despite the poor standard def. signal we get from our cable company. I have seen reviewers complain about this TV's standard definition picture, but you must realize the old addage ... junk in = junk out. No TV can "clear up" a poor signal. Remember also that these TV's are meant to be viewed from a distance, be sure to buy size appropriate for the room as too big means a grainy looking picture. Unbelievable, but in the case of High Def. TV's ... bigger isn't always better a.k.a. size DOES matter!! This sets High Definition picture is incredible ... looks 3D. Don't worry about it being only 720P as cable providers (at least mine) are only feeding 1080i anyways and it fills this screen size nicely with excellent detail. You can count the blades of grass during PGA tournaments or watch the dust flying around each contestant during their post-performance review on American Idol(Somebody needs to dust out there in California!). If you want a High Def. set above 42" in size, you'll want 1080p capability to reduce possible pixelization. I don't have Blue-Ray or the defunct HD-DVD to review but my 480p Progressive DVD player picture is very clean on this TV. If you buy a High Def. TV you ABSOLUTEY need a "High Def. Set-up Disc" such as AVIA, etc. Borrow one from a friend, maybe Netflix rents 'em, or straight up buy one with the coin you saved buying this tv. These DVD's help tune in the picture as most TV's are sent out of the factory with extreme color saturation and brightness (an attempt to stand out from the crowd in the showroom). And you ABSOLUTELY have to somehow get High Def. content running through this TV such as "Over-the-air" rabbit ears, HD cable box, HD satellite box, Blue-Ray player, or the now-defunct HD-DVD player. Not doing so should be listed as one of the seven deadly sins... Failure to provide a high tech., high def., flat screen LCD TV an appropriate signal!!!! PS- Always connect equipment with the highest level connector available to you. Ex- If your cable provider box has an HDMI output ... use it. You'll get the best picture that way. And don't be fooled by "Monster Cables" for HDMI cables (or any other cables for that matter). Unless you have a "Theatre Rooom" and spell and call it such ... you're an average joe or jane like me. That means go to a web reseller (mycablemart, ect.) and buy an HDMI cable for $ instead of $$$$$. A digital signal is either there or it's not, no such thing as "signal degradation" like an analog connection.As for "problems" other reviewers are having here ... 1)Yes, they're right, these speakers can't handle a lot of bass. My old analog TV couldn't either. They're simply not made for a wide range of acoustic, Not too many TV speakers are.2) Delay in start up ... read the manual people! States that is a power saving energy star feature that CAN be set off for instant power up.3)Sluggish remote ... I do have to agree with this one a little, not extreme though. And when sun is glaring toward it (Infrared Radiation) it does have a less of a remote "field of vision". Ehhh, I draw the blinds then and it just makes the picture look that much better ;-)