I love our new Samsung. I upgraded from a 27 inch tube HDTV. It was a good tv, but the screen was not nearly large enough. I sit 15 feet away from the screen because of how our living room is built. This tv is very easy to see at this distance, I was afraid I should have gone to the 55 inch model, but it was 50% percent more than what I paid for this tv. The tv is so much more clear, the black levels are great and the colors are good once you tune it. I went and googled this tv and found some good video settings from CNET. I was able to get the bundle with a free samsung blu ray player and a free starter kit. They talk to each other, it's great. My only gripes with the tv is the placement of the inputs, lack of wireless built in, and the auto-dimming feature. They are too close to the edge of the tv, and if you have thick cables like mine, they stick out past the edge of the tv. Samsung needs to include 90 degree adapters or move the location of the inputs. Not to mention I could barely get my hdmi cable in, the inputs are mounted almost too shallow. On the auto dimming, everytime I turn off a few lights in the house, the tv automatically dims. That wouldnt be a problem if it dimmed a little, but its so much darker, I have to go into the menu and change the video settings every single time I turn down the lights. I'm sure theres got to be a setting somewhere to turn this off. Just a minor inconvenience. Lastly, the wireless feature, I researched before I bought the tv, so I knew it did not have one...but how is it that my 200 dollar nintendo wii has it built in but my 1600 dollar tv doesnt have it? Stupid peripherals. I simply moved my modem and wireless router behind the tv and wired it in. Works great! The ability to use the DLNA feature to stream videos from my android phone is awesome, the ability to watch youtube from the tvs software without a computer or using my wii is even better! I purchased my cable and swivel wall mount from monoprice dot com. Bought them for about the same amount as on here, but the search function for the wall mounts on here is horrible. I spent half an hour on amazon trying to find the right mount. I gave up and went to monoprice. The 3d function is cool, I watched it for a couple of minutes using one of the free shrek 3d blu rays I received with the starter kit. Its cool, I cant wait to watch something more cool with it. This tv can also upconvert 2d content to 3d, which is a feature I did not even know it had. So awesome! Its not as good as a 3d formatted production, but pretty cool nonetheless.