I have been putting this television through its paces since I got it a few weeks ago, and it is by far the best TV I have ever owned, and very difficult to beat.  The image quality is really good, with bright, vivid colors and wonderful detail, especially for 1080i/p content, but even lower-resolution 720p content, which is what's more commonly-available on OTA HD broadcast, looks phenomenal.  I also have an Apple TV hooked up to it, and even though most of my content is encoded at either 360p, 480p, or 720p, it still looks quite good.It does take some time to get the image tuned to perfection, and the default settings are way too bright with too much color saturation boost, and the DNIe processing system actually seems to make some motion effects worse.  However, it's very easy to change the settings and see immediately what effect they have.Like all LCDs it does have some slight black point problems; these aren't noticeable for fullscreen 16:9 content, but for older 4:3 content it's pretty obvious that the black isn't pure black.  However, this is again tunable.The only thing I really notice which is pretty annoying is that it doesn't do a very good job of upscaling 480i content, such as the output from most video game systems, and for DVDs to look good you really need an upconverting player since even with a progressive-scan player there is a lot of visible pixelation when the 480p content is scaled up.  It's really more a sad reflection on how the previous "next-generation" video looks downright primitive by today's standards.The other noticeable issue is that unlike many televisions with digital tuners, it doesn't have an on-screen program guide.  My previous TV (also a Samsung) had an on-screen program guide, but it was rather cumbersome to use and took several minutes of scanning every channel to see what was on, and most local channels are pretty inconsistent about providing the EPG information anyway, so it's not really that big of a deal.  You can still see the detailed information for the program that's currently showing, so it makes use of EPG, just not as much as it could.This television's tuner is also quite phenomenal.  My previous TV required a very carefully-positioned powered antenna which was very sensitive to every little nearby fluctuation, while with this one I only have a piece of wire jammed into the antenna port and I get perfect reception of every local digital station.Another nice improvement over Samsung's older HDTVs is that it has a wide variety of zoom modes which allow you to counteract some of the stupider things that TV stations do (for example, pillboxing a letterboxed 16:9 show, which is very common for widescreen non-HD programming).  Also, analog TV stations and source inputs get their audio signals upconverted to digital, so you only need to run a single optical audio connection to your stereo (while previous Samsungs required running both analog and digital cables and switching between the two inputs based on source material).As a PC monitor this is also quite nice.  I have a Mac mini hooked up via SVGA cable, and even with an analog signal it looks perfectly sharp and crystal-clear, and of course you can hook it up via HDMI (with a DVI to HDMI adaptor) as well.  The only gripe there is that the supported resolutions are a bit quaint - at least on analog SVGA the only 16:9 resolution it supports is 1920x1080, which can be difficult for some older systems to handle.  However, on HDMI it should support all the standard HD resolutions.This television may be more expensive than others in its size class, but it also far outshines every other TV I have seen, aside from the newer LN-T4065, which is nearly identical aside from providing a higher dynamic contrast ratio.  If you want to only buy one TV which will last for a long time, it would be hard to go wrong with this one.