On Sunday my 5 year old 42" Panasonic Plasma died.  I debated geting another 42" but also wanted 3D and figured with the Exra HDMI port 3 on back (TIVO HD, PS3 & Xbox 360) and one on side (computer or iphone) was nice to have.I've been a sucker for 3D for years, before upgrading to the Plasma in 2007 I had the Imax 3D shutter glasses on a standard def CRT which looked pretty bad but I liked it for what it was and thought it would be great if they only worked in HD, where it wasn't going to 240 lines per eye.High Dep pictures look more realistic than they did on my plasma.  Even my wife who genrally doesn't notice the difference between HD and SD asked why it looked so much more realistic.Standard Def looks worse, a lot worse, I'm wondering if it's a TIVO setting or just that LCD doesn't bleed/blend in the same plasma did.I tried to watch Cars two with my son in 3D, I bought the 3D version when it came out because I had a $10 coupon making it about the same price as the regular Blu-Ray.  I thought it looked Amazing, my wife said it hurt her eyes, and my son wouldn't keep the glasses on.  (He's almost 4)  So I only watched about 1/2 of it in 3D but I liked it.I had a few games that Play in 3D, on the playstation Wipeout HD looked good but there was a lot of ghosting, where you see double of anything white.  I found it distracting, Super Stardust HD looked good, Ratchet & Clank all for one was a free game from Playstation Plus this month and I hadn't had a chance to play it yet, it looks good in 3D but there were some effects that didn't work and sometimes the screen was noisey with artifacts from bad 3D. Sly Cooper had more subtle 3D but I thought it looked the best of the games I tried on PS3.I then enabled 3D for XBox 360 and played Batman:Arkham City and it looked amazing.  Really the best way to play that game.The netflix app is just like the one on Apple TV, and has a Kid mode.  I tried to teach my 3 year old how to start it and find his own movies.  The old sytem of change the input, turn on the Xbox, PS3 or Apple TV,switch remotes find Moves, Find netflix was too hard for a 3 year old but the one button system on the TV I'm sure he will be able to do in a month or two.I installed the revistion 3 app and the video looked really good, I was having TV download some of the shows but this has all of them, I'll use that a lot.  There are more useful apps than the ones that game pre-installed and there is a limited number you can install, remove services you don't want to pay for by pressing the yellow button first.The TV is half the weight of my old one and 25% bigger but looks alost the same size on the stand.  Sound wasn't any worse than my Panasonic, I have not yet set up the 7.1 speaker system.I also was able to watch some side by side 3D youtube videos in 3D, witch sometimes worked ok, and other times was barely acceptable.WiFi was worthless!  I needed to get some new bolts to mount the TV to the stand I had my Panasonic on but the botlts were different. I set up the TV not near the stand for a while and connected to WiFi and opened Vudu.  I wasn't able to watch a 5 minute short without it stopping even few seconds. Connected to the router was find but Wifi Couldn't stream any video at all.  My laptop uses the same wifi and it can do nearly HD video streaming.It's a very nice 3D TV without spending a lot of money. I think apps are more useful than the 3D at the moment. WiFi was dissapointing.