I was in the market to upgrade our 32inch LED flat screen in the living room and decided to use Amazon as the launch point for reviews.  I knew my price limit and decided to look at plasma and LED screens.  Pretty much narrowed down the hunt to LG and Samsung, both are quality screens with decent reviews.  Then I stumbled upon this model.There are time where customer reviews are too good to be true.  But in the case of this Panasonic screen,  I could not find a consistent string of below average ratings for other sites.  Based on consumer reviews and CNETs praising of the screen, I decided to jump in.Ordered it from Amazon and had it delivered by Pilot within 3 days from ordering.  The crew was professional and very helpful.  I decided not to use the 'white glove' service of unpacking the the screen and setting it up as I was capable of doing that myself (with the help of son : ) ).  TV arrived undamaged, shipping box clean of dents or any other external marks that would indicate to me the screen was treated roughly during shipment.  I would recommend the white glove service if you cannot manage the setup yourself as the 50inch screen is bulky to handle by yourself.I installed the solid metal mounts (heavy casted aluminum bracket and strong sheetmetal base) using the supplied instructions.  No problem with that step.  Please note it is a two person job positioning the screen onto the stand so please do not try and be a Superman and man-handle it yourself.  Get help!This TV has the HDMI 'ARC' connection setup.  Reading about is more confusing that what it actually does for you.  Basically it is an intelligent communication protocol that eliminates the rat nest of cables between devices and a 'remote controller basket' next to your the chair.  Using your controller you can control other devices like Blu-ray/DVD players without jumping through hoops figuring out what button to push on what controller to do something.  I was pleasantly surprised that my Samsung Blu-Ray player synched fine with the ARC protocol and I was able to control basic functions on the player using the screen's remote.  No special coding or secret handshakes were required to get it working.I have the Panasonic sound bar (SC-HTB10) that is ARC compatible and integrates well into the system.  Using a HDMI cable between it and the 'ARC' HDMI port on the screen, it will automatically turn on/off the sound bar and adjusts the volume appropriately.  Basically I daisy-chained the DVD player's HDMI to the sound bar, (yes I typed correctly) and then I connect the sound bar to the screen's ARC HDMI port.  (The sound bar has its own power supply so it plugs into the wall.)  The screen's speakers are OK, but if you are really into the audio side of things, you may want to consider this option.(I have my sound bar attached to the top of the screen to prevent any issues with the IR remove receiver on the front of the screen.  There are reports that unless you elevate the screen, the bar will block the receiver.)To say the screen is outstanding is an understatement!  Out of the box the defaults are great and I have not seen any issues with them.  If you are bold, there are several sites that can walk you through a 'custom' setup to really tweek the output of this screen!If you are concerned about pixelization or 'bug noise' because of the high-speed motion (read sports), don't be.  Watching basketball and football five feet away from the screen showed NO noise .  I am impressed!Did not buy the TV for internet access so I cannot tell you pros or cons of it.  I can tell you though it was easy to hook up to a wireless router with a encryption key.So in summaryPros- Color  10/10- Refresh  10/10- Audio  5/10  (works ok but consider a sound bar etc)- ARC hook up (this is a gem, what don't others have it ?)- U-verse remote synched up fine with it- Free Delivery (Pilot)- Price Match (Amazon stood behind their price-match policy as a day after buying it, I found it for $95 cheaper - from Amazon!  A simple email and I was credited the difference.)Cons- Weight (not easy to move around by yourself)- Audio (again, try it first in your environment before passing judgement)- Early reviews whined about brightness cycling.  I have no doubt it was an issue then but it is not an issue now.  Seems like Panasonic fixed it in a hurry.