After a lot of research I bought the Samsung S4253, It has a great picture but I have had a buzzing problem with the set since the day I installed it. This is a very common problem (see  [...] This is a very loud buzz that can be heard anywhere in a room, even when you turn the volume of your receiver up. After waiting almost a month for a repair, a Samsung repairman came over and said that the set needed to be replaced. He also indicated that Samsung knew that there was a buzzing problem with plasmas (including the 50 inch) made during a specific period at the Mexico plant (and I was the third replacement that he had recommended). He indicated that Samsung would contact me about the replacement set and that it should take a couple of weeks.After a week of waiting for a call, I called Samsung today and the rep said that they had no record of any replacement set being authorized. Apparently in their computer, my case said "resolved" and that the tech had determined the error was with the cable box which he had adjusted. After voicing my extreme displeasure with this response he said he would contact the tech and get back to me. He called back after about 15 minutes and said that I was correct, the tech had confirmed that my set needed to be replaced, BUT the tech had not filed his Service Action Work order (SAW). Samsung could thus not replace the set until the SAW was filed with them, and they could not control when the tech did this. Once the SAW was sent in, I should expect a replacement in around 10 days. I explained that I had waited almost a month for a service visit (too long for me to return the set to the store, which has a two week replacement policy), and had already waited one week for Samsung to get back to me. Now they were saying that I still had to wait for the SAW to be filed (which could take any length of time) and also faced an additional 10 day wait beyond this.I then asked to speak to a supervisor and discovered that things were much worse than I had feared. I was put onto Erin. She recited Samsung policy as follows:- After the SAW is filed the Regional Service Manager makes a decision about whether to replace the set or not. This takes 7 to 10 days. She had no real response to the question of how they could over-rule a tech that THEY had sent out. So I still don't actually know for sure that the set will be replaced.- If they agree to replace the set (which I had assumed they had, given the tech's assurance), it takes up to 5 days for them to contact the customer to confirm replacement.- It then takes 10-15 days to receive a replacement set.I mentioned that given that they now knew that the tech had advised that a replacement should happen, she as a supervisor should short circuit the process and set in motion the replacement delivery. No such luck - she had a script and was not going to deviate. The Regional Service Manager would make the call, end of story.So the bottom line, avoid this set until you are sure that the buzzing problem has been sorted out.