I have above average experience and knowledge about A/V equipment - mostly in the mid-range consumer realm - [not the audiophile range].This is a lot of TV for the money! TAKE TIME TO SET IT UP! [sorry I shouted] - you can resolve most of the issues noted in other reviews if you will tweak the picture settings. The back-light is bright, but proper set-up will mitigate this problem. After spending an hour adjusting the picture settings, I watched some of Star Trek TNG remastered Blu-ray, and even the space scenes [stars and planets] looked awesome.  The out-of-the-box settings are OK, but if you will take time to tweak the picture, you may be amazed. I watched a bit of a baseball game the other day [go Rangers!] and the 120Hz really enhanced the moving ball. Concert DVDs and movie DVDs and BRs are also beautiful on this screen. I stream Hulu-Plus TV shows - there is a problem with volume fluctuations, but I believe that is a Hulu issue - not the TV. Netflix works nicely, though there is buffering, even with Cat-5 - probably my ISP's fault as it happens on the other TV as well. WiFi works great, but I ran the Cat-5 just to be sure to get the fastest throughput.Note that you will find several websites with user's settings for this set. Play around with these, but be aware that they are not likely to give you the best picture. I tried several and the output ranged from washed-out, to too much contrast. Every TV set is different, as is every environment and user preference. These websites can help you understand the results of the settings, but you will have to find what works for you. You may even want to purchase a calibration BR or DVD, though I believe these calibrate the set for someone else's [an "expert's"] preferences.The set has most every feature one might want: 1080P, 120HZ, 3D, WiFi, Abundant and responsive internet applications, energy efficient, etc...The set does not have a 24P mode, but does a nice job of conversion to 30P.Note:While playing Pandora or Tune-in Radio, I have not found a way to turn off the screen - there are static images with these applications, and the set is lacking an anti-burn-in feature [moving screen, etc...] This may or may not be an issue, depending on which "experts" you trust. I don't think it will be a problem with less than full-time use.The online manual does not explain many of the settings options: I had to travel the inter-webs to learn what Backlight Control > "DCR" and "OPC" meant - these seem to be redundant methods for adapting to the room lighting - there is another setting for "Ambient Light Sensor" on or off, but no explanation how these are each different. "Adaptive Luma", a method for adjusting the overall brightness to compensate for brighter areas on the screen, is distracting to me, as it takes a second for the processor to respond before the adjustment - I leave that option off.I would like to be able to run my center channel from my 5.1 receiver into the TV [until I get some more speakers], but this does not seem possible, even though there are RCA audio inputs [seems these only work when the input is set to "Comp/AV".Please remember how much you are spending for this unit. If I had a larger budget, I'd have bought another Panasonic Plasma set - this TV is not in that arena. I don't think you will find better bang-for-the-buck than this model. I am really enjoying the set, and I don't have a cable box in the room - everything has been DVD, BR, or Streaming.I always learn a lot from these reviews, so I hope this contribution helped you.PS - Just watched Watchmen on Blu-ray - Awesome movie, and it was awesome on this set! The whole movie is a bit dark - the back-light is noticeable, but not distracting in the least [Was daylight, room not dark, but has two windows with drawn blinds].UPDATE 07/28/2012:A few new comments...The description indicates two different pairs of 3D glasses, but the package only included two of the standard style... I don't really know that this is a big deal, as I have read that the nicer pair is not as good for viewing;Hulu Plus does not function well on this unit [runs fine on my other devices]. The stream frequently becomes choppy, even in the lowest quality mode, with a hard-wired internet connection on FIOS, and the menus become unresponsive. Additionally, the volume fluctuates, regularly, from inaudible to normal. I have uninstalled and reinstalled, but this appears to be a buggy application. Hopefully, an update will come along to resolve these issues, as this is the usual method for me to stream content;I think the unit they shipped me may have been "open box"... This might explain the condition of the packaging when delivered - pretty torn up - I blamed FedEx, but this might be Amazon's fault. There are signs that the stand was installed at one time, some marks along one side of the screw holes, that cause me to believe this was previously out of the box. Too much trouble to exchange it just now... I'll keep an eye out for other issues, though;Overall, I still very much like this set considering the price, but I cannot compare with my Panasonic Plasma, downstairs. I still recommend it, just keep an eye out for issues that may not be Visio's fault.