Where to start with this TV. First off, I did a hell of a lot of research up front because our existing TV was an LG and so I was compelled to stay with what I knew. There were other models which were perhaps better reviewed, but 'smart' features were important to me and price was a factor; I'm not the guy that notices the deepest blacks and sharpest contrasts. I was an avid user of the integrated netflix on our 42 inch TV (LG 42LD550) which did work well. In fact, the smart features on this TV seem like an advanced version of what we had on our other TV; which I'm sure is what they are. Essentially, I was looking for a TV with an App center, so I could continue to expand what the TV was capable of even after we purchased it. That's just what I feel we got with the LG 47 LS5700; this is essentially a high end TV with a lower price point because it doesn't have 3D. Apart from that fact it's the same as its 3D counterparts. (IMO)Personally, I don't need 3D features because no one is throwing money at that content wise. It seems more likely that 4K TV's are the next evolution, but I'm not out to dispense my philosophy, just my opinion. Surprisingly enough to me since we bought our last HDTV in January of 2011, the world of HDTVs has gotten even more incredibly thin and light. This whole TV is 49lbs shipped, but lighter than that when you take everything out of the box. One of the other major reasons I picked this TV was when we purchased the 42 incher we had to express ship a 'usb dongle' in order to connect to wifi, whereas this TV is wifi ready; online in two minutes flat. It even has an ethernet port, so I would assume other devices can borrow the connection. (have not tested this)Picture is good, if bright. I'm sure I could fix that with the picture wizard but have not taken the time as of yet. I did have a slight problem connecting and staying connected to wifi when I first turned the TV on, but I think that was a firmware issue. Once I was able to connect and download the update, I haven't had another problem.My only major gripe about the TV is that the 'simplified' remote is kinda like using the Wii-remote, which is fine for gaming, but kinda annoying to have to do all the time. You have a cursor on screen and what is essentially a mouse button to interact with things; this is nice to type stuff on the screen as using number keys is awful (so it is superior in that capacity) but overall I find it cumbersome to interact with the TV in this way. Thankfully, again because our previous TV was an LG, the cable-box remote (which was keyed to the 42) worked seamlessly on the 47 inch. So I find that I use that remote most of the time. Sound isn't bad, but when you narrow the TV border, you decrease the space you have to put in decent speakers. Get yourself a good soundbar if you're an audiophile; then again, YOU probably already have one.Apps I've pulled down so far: browser, facebook, hulu plus, netflix (of course). I'm on the lookout for some music apps, spotify, songza or even pandora, but have not seen them yet. Granted I have not looked extensively.The final thing I will say is that Electronic Express did a bang-up job getting it to me. Granted I live in Cincinnati and they were shipping from Nashville (I could be there in 4 hours by car) but I ordered this on Sunday morning, and I had it by Wed afternoon. Not bad for free shipping.Hit me up if you have further questions, I'll do my best to answer them.