We purchased an XBR4 and brought it home last night from a brick-and-mortar store. I didn't think they would be available for another month. I've been trying to decide what to purchase for almost 4 months (a common story from what I've read on the internet). Every time I stood in Frys Electronics, or Best Buy, or Circuit City the Sony XBR series would catch my eye. In my opinion they simply are better than all the rest.I looked briefly at Plasma but our living room has lots of windows so we couldn't tolerate the shiny screens. The latest and greatest Samsung LCDs also have shiny screens so alas they were excluded.We compared the Sharp Aquos 52d82 with the Sony XBR3 and once again the sharpness and clarity of the Sony outstripped the Sharp. This is all subjective mind you. You might very well be quite satisfied with another brand. For me I would never be happy had I purchased something else, knowing these XBR series were out there.Last night the Sony 46" XBR4 was sitting between two Plasma TVs in the store. The Sony was sharper and had deeper blacks than the two Plasmas.I was itching to purchase a Sony but I knew the XBR4 & 5 were coming soon with the 120Hz refresh, 10 bit color, 3 HDMI 1.3 inputs, PC input, 15000:1 dynamic contrast ratio, 2000:1 true contrast, and the BLACK bezel. Yes the XBR4 came with the black bezel which I prefer over the silver of the XBR2.Setup was as easy as the traditional CRT TV the XBR4 replaced in our living room. Plug it in, stick the Playstation 3 HDMI cable into the back, turn it on, select the game input and away we went.We have a library of over 300 480i DVDs. I was concerned they wouldn't look good. I've read many user reviews about poor quality 480i presentations on the previous XBRs. While they can't hold a candle to the Blu-Ray Planet Earth series the standard DVDs look quite respectable on the XBR4.The Sony remote is quite long compared to our other remotes. It has single buttons to change the Picture from Wide Zoom, to Normal, Full, and Zoom. You can quickly also select Vivid, Standard, Cinema, or Custom Picture Modes. The remote is a "universal" type that will control a Set Top Box, DVD, Blu Ray disk player, or of course the TV. The remote picked up my Sony DVD player without me having to do anything to set it up. However we have a Logitech Harmony 890 (Amazon has a great price) so won't be using the Sony remote.There are 10 input selections, TV, Video 1 (which we named DVD), Video 2, Video 3, Component 1, Component 2, HDMI 1 (which we named Game for the Playstation 3), HDMI 2, HDMI 3, and PC. I did hook up my PC which has 1080p capability and surfed the internet for a while. I don't think these big screens make good PC monitors though as you have to sit close enough to read text and at that point they are too large.There were no dead pixels, and I haven't seen any "clouding" that was the bane of the XBR2&3.Yes it is pricey but in my opinion it is the best.September 27, 2007 updateNow that I've had this LCD for over a month I'm very pleased with it. One additional comment is the built in speakers are quite good. I also recently purchased a 34" Sharp with built in speakers and immediately noticed the difference in the poorer sound quality in this Sharp. The Sony sounds so good I haven't spent the time to hook the sound output jacks up to my surround sound system.Changing channels could be quicker, but my guess is the TV is trying to figure out what kind of signal it has (480i, 720i, 1080i) and make adjustments.I've had issues with dropping sync with some digital TV channels but I have no way of knowing if it is the TV itself or the quality of my cable. It will lose sync for about 5 seconds then re-sync.