Sony was the king of color TV since decades ago, but recently sales record on big size flat TV raised to top 4 groups: Korean Samsung, LG, Taiwanese backed US Vizio, Japanese Sony and partner Sharp, and the plasma Don Quixote Japanese Panasonic, and Sony is no longer the king anymore, this TV's performance shows why Sony now is behind (see my comments below)! Next to the top 4 groups there are many followers like, pretty good quality's Taiwanese Chimei, a bit lower quality's "exclusively" made for BB by mainland Chinese Dynex, Insignia, and low-priced PRC's Haier, etc.....My old Taiwanese brand Olivia 30-inch flat LCD TV now is a bit outdate (I spent ~$1,200 for it), so I decided to look around the black Friday's deal for a new bigger TV. I bought this TV because of its farely low price of $700-, and for the famous Sony brand, after I failed grab the $298 black Friday's Target 42" Westinghouse LCD TV (post- tax and disposal fee in Calif, the final price raised to around $355), and gave up the not-so-good sales from Walmart's $398~$448 Emerson or LG deal. I thought that a LG 42" cost me $530 after tax, why not add $160 more to get a much famous brand and bigger 4" more inch screen size, so I bought this one. After 2~3 weeks, local Fry's store selling LG 47-inch 120Hz TV for $599 (after tax etc. then is $680), and Sony 46-inch 120Hz (model -EX500) same priced $599, but I can't get it due to the early bird limited quantity (I don't know it is true or not as Fry's sales said so). Umm, I was a bit upset on my deal for the price to buy an outdated 60Hz TV!The TV generally gives a pretty clear (I won't use the word "sharp" picture to describe it), rich vivid color on major channels, but lousy definition on picture sharpness and color from local small TV channel/stations. The sound/speakers is very plain, low quality, not a Dolby or multi-channel, boost bass etc., if you expect it when watching movies as you thought it should deliver a home-theater effect, then you'll disappoint! When play back of VCR recorded tape from local non-720p/1080p/480SD TV channel programs, the picture quality is terrible bad, although, the tape recording is one of the major source for foreign language program. I'm ok for the slow reacted remote control unit, because I know Sony's remote unit typically not good: I still own a Sony Trinitron 25-inch XBR CRT TV ($1,300+ bought 20+ years ago), that TV color still super good after 20+ years, but that remote unit dead at on/off switch just 1 year after I bought the TV, so I know Sony's remote usually very bad quality as I learned experience 20 years ago.The most concern or complain of this TV is, it all of a suddenly shut off itself for 1~2 seconds, no picture on screen, just the grey-green color page, then, reinstate picture after black-out, when I started use it for the first 2~5 weeks! I don't know is it a defect, or circuit protection device (not mentioned on manual anywhere), or it is just a burn-in period (if it has one) symptom, but my feeling is so bad: comma, it's a Sony big 46-inch LCD brand new TV! The TV is so big and chunky, so there is almost no way can return it to Amazon, and I don't know how much the return fee, who will pick it up for return, and who needs pay the fee, so I enforced myself to keep the TV not returning it back. So far that glitch-outrage nightmare been not reproduced after 1~2 month use it, I hope it gone forever. The 60Hz blur DID showed when object in motion, not necessary just showed on high-speed sport motion, it also showed at a lower-speed object motion, but I guess you can ignore it, if you are not on purposely picky to watch that blur spot try to critize the 60Hz. For the price/performance, plus the past years of brand reputation and trackable history, this Sony is avg. and acceptable. I won't trust a Samsung or LG, because they are not long history enough can be tackable on reliability, although vivid rich color when it's brand new, after 2~5 years don't know is it still good, and where to find repair or spare parts instantly and locally?One side complaint is to Amazon: Amazon has TV price guaranteed ads on its website, but, Amazon doesn't tell you that price guarantee is for certain, limited model only! When you receive a heavy chunky large screen TV shows either price not right or defect/malfunction on TV itself, then you contact Amazon and get refusal on price match for your model, or not clear on the return TV policy, you'll be frustrated!