OMG...first off, let me say that this TV is P-H-E-N-O-M-E-N-O-L! After researching TV's for weeks, I finally decided on plasma over LED/LCD. First, I liked the true to life feel of plasma vs. LED's "soap opera" effect. Second, I'm a sports lover, so plasma's 600hz refresh rate was a no-brainer vs. LED's 120/240hz motion-blur-fest, third, plasma's are much cheaper than LED's, so you have more money in your pocket at the end of the day. So, after settling on plasma, and after another week of research, I decided on one TV: the Panasonic TCP55ST30.I found the 55ST30 at my local Sears for $1074.99. That is a rock-bottom price for a 55" 3D, 1080p, Smart TV. Considering I was expecting to spend anywhere between $1500-$2000 for a TV, to say I was ecstatic would be putting it mildly. We were aware that some models produced before August 2011 had issues with brightness flucuations, but since our model was produced in October 2011, we were good to go.After getting the TV home and unboxed, I found the setup to be extraordinarily simple. We had everything hooked up and ready to go in minutes, and upong turning the TV on found the inital onscreen setup to be just as simple. After answering a few questions we were directed into the WiFi portion of the setup. The included WiFi dongle was attached and found my router easily and within minutes we were up and running and watching TV in stunning 1080p.THE INITAL IMPRESSION:At first, I was NOT blown out of the water. Although the picture was detailed, the colors were washed out and dull and the tv's brightness was lacking. I was disappointed. That was until, however, I discovered that the TV was set to "standard" mode. We set it to "cinema" mode and then "game" mode and THEN we were really COOKING! The colors were VIBRANT and the images POPPED of the screen with a fury. We were amazed by the crispness and clarity fo the images and could not believe how well basic televison looked. Then we moved onto HDTV programming and turned on some college basketball on ESPNHD. That was the next level of WOW! It was if you were there in the arena. It is hard to put into words how amazing this TV looked. The colors were vibrant, but natural (unlike LED's) and the detaisl were amazingly crisp. We could not imagine the TV looking any better...we were WRONG!10 out of 10FIRST IMPRESSION OF BLU-RAY ON THIS TV:We decided to next move from HDTV to Blu-ray. We put in the Blu-ray of Pixar's "Up" and our jaws dropped to the floor. The picture was AMAZING. Details that we had never seen before were exploding out of the screen at us. We could not believe our eyes. The crispness and clarity was BREATH-TAKING. It is hard to truly put into words how amazing Blu-ray looks on a really good TV until you actually experience it in your own home, away from the lights of a retail setting. It is a true cinema experience that is unparalelled in its beauty.10 out of 10SMART TV APPS:This was a feature of the TV that we really wanted. We are already memebrs of Netflix on our Xbox360, so we knew that having Netflix streaming on our tv was the next step. The choices available fromt he start are ample. Netflix, Facebook, Cinema Now, MLBTV, NBATV, and Hulu Plus are just some of the apps available right out of the box, not to mention there is a Viera Apps store where you can purchase and download countless other apps and games. The only drawback to this is there is an annoying "dinging" noise evertime you cycle through apps.8.5 out of 10VIDEO GAMES:Wow...I mean, WOW!! We hooked up our XBox360 and we were off to the races. We threw in MLB 2K10 and were floored by the detail. It looked like we were watching a TV broadcast and not playing a game. COD: Modern Warfare 3 looked even more incredible. I can only imagine that gaming on a PS3 would look even more amazing!10 out of 103D TECHNOLOGY:We did not purchase anything to use the 3D tech, so I'm sorry to say that I can't rate this. We like having the 3D in case we decide to use the technology in the future, but at the moment that wasn't one of our major concerns in buying a TV.No RatingAUDIO:The audio is standard (if a little on the lower side) and is the only real drawback of the TV. Of course, were hooking into a surround sound system so the TV's audio is immaterial, but for the sake of rating every aspect of the TV as a whole, I have to rate the audio as well to be fair.5.5 out of 10Overall, we have to say that this TV has met and exceeded all expectations. Do yourself a favor: if you're in the market for a 1080p TV, do not get LED, get plasma, and second, make sure it's a Panasonic plasma, and third, make sure it's an ST30, you're gonna get an amazing TV for a price that is affordable on nearly everyone's budget.