UPDATE:  2-23-09The SK-32H240S I bought last week (have only had it 7 days), has developed a couple problems.  First, I could hear a buzzing/humming/beeping sound coming from the TV even if the speakers were off or muted.  Nothing the tech support told me to do helped at all.  Then, out of nowhere I find a transparent box with a white number 2 in the upper right corner of the display.  It won't go away, won't turn off no matter what I do.  I really loved the picture and sound on this TV.  I am very disappointed with this model.  I'm sending it back.  New rating = 1 Star.  Go with a different model.I just purchased a refurbished Westinghouse SK-32H240S 32" 720P LCD TV on Feb 11th, 2009.  This is my second refurbished Westinghouse and third Westinghouse total.  I bought a brand new Westinghouse LTV-32w1 in 2005.  I also bought a refurbished Westinghouse SK-32H590D in November 2008.  They are all functioning flawlessly and have completely exceeded all my expectations.  I often say, either I am lucky or Westinghouse has a bad reputation.  Who knows, maybe both are true.  I keep waiting to have a bad experience with Westinghouse but so far, no complaints whatsoever.The SK-32H240S is a great bargain.  I purchased it for $369 with free shipping.  As I said this is my 2nd refurbished Westinghouse and just like my previous refurb it was in near mint condition.  After a very careful inspection I found the bottom of the base had a tiny little ding and the serial number plate on the back had a scratch accross it but being that neither are visible at all I was very pleased.  In typical Westinghouse fashion it is not the prettiest designed LCD out there with a matte black finish and a lighter tone bottom piece.  Not the thinnest or lightest either.  But where it lacks in exterior physical appearance it more than makes up in function.  The picture is great. My Mom just bought a Samsung 32" LN32A450 which was $200 more than this TV and the first thing she said when she came over was, "why does your picture look better than mine?"  I was thinking the same thing but would never have pointed that out.  Also, the sound is fantastic.  Most of the current LCD TV's, like my Mom's Samsung LN32A450, employ downward or backward firing 5 Watt speakers due to their slim bezel design.  The SK-32H240S features front firing 10 Watt speakers.  The Westinghouse blows away the Samsung in the speaker department.  I also have a 42" LG slim bezel that can't out volume any of my Westinghouse 32" LCD's.  So again, form follows function.  It may not be the most attractive LCD TV but it gets the job done.PROS:  Great picture, same/better features/specs as the "high end" brands for hundreds less.  Picture in picture.  Great speakers.  It's my 3rd Westinghouse LCD TV without a single problem!!!  Not even one dead pixel between them.CONS:  New firmware 2.01.019 has a rather boring text based menu.  No Electronic Program Guide in firmware version 2.01.019.  Color took a while to manually adjust to my speicific approval, was tinted green by default.  Can't turn off the blue LED power light on the front of the TV (my SK-32H590D has an option in the menu to disable the LED light).In summary, the Westinghouse SK-32H240S is a great bargain 32" LCD TV.  The only cons are just nitpicky things unrelated to it's actual performance.  I really love this, and my other Westinghouse LCD TV's. Despite Westinghouse's somewhat questionable reputation, they have always worked flawlessly for me.  I definitely recommend this TV to anyone who wants to save a couple hundred dollars while still getting maximum performance in a 32" 720P LCD TV.