When our old CRT tv finally gave up the ghost, I knew we had to upgrade to HD flatscreen. But the choices are overwhelming, and like most people I am extremely budget-conscious. What to choose? Plasma? LCD? LED LCD Backlit? What size? What features would fit best with the needs of our family? I love watching movies, but my son uses it more for his xbox & wii gaming, and we both like to watch some regular programming and sports as well.Summary of my experience (details will follow below):Price: A really good value, especially if you get it on sale; really, you can't afford NOT to buy itDelivery: Expensive but worth it. Timely and professional, not a scratch on the packaging.Ease of set-up: Ridiculously easy, anyone can set this up as long as you read the manual which is very clearly written. The interactive menu is a breeze to use so you can customize the picture YOU want to experience.Picture quality: OMG SO AMAZING!Definition: at 1080p, even non-HD broadcast channels look very crisp, sharp, and detailed. In some animated programs you can just barely see some very slight pixellation (chunky or jagged edges rather than completely smooth)in black lines, but only if you are REALLY looking.Color: The biggest concern I had was about the blacks as many reviewers say LCD doesn't handle blacks as well as plasma does - I see absolutely no problems with blacks, they are deep and still hold detail.Viewing angles: this is another area where LCD tvs sometimes get lower marks, but I don't know anyone who sits way off to the side to watch tv. This tv provides a nice wide viewing area so the picture still looks great even when seated off to the sides.Blur (sports primarily): Another quality that seems to get marked down in many LCD tvs, the 120Hz refresh rate makes this a nonexistent problem. No detectable blurring.Sound: The sound system is perfectly adequate, but the bass in particular is rather weak. A theater sound system really goes hand-in-hand with this tv for the optimum experience. I purchased the Onkyo HT-S3300 5.1-Channel Home Theater Receiver and Speaker Package (Black) which is a nice starter to go with it and it really enhances the viewing experience.Size: Since I've never owned a flat-screen tv, I was concerned a screen this size would completely overwhelm and dominate my smallish family room (approximately 12x15). Instead it is ideal, it does not take up much room at all and would work just as well in a larger room.Details:I did extensive research, and finally took the plunge when this 42" LG went on sale for about $545.44. The shipping was expensive (almost $90) but very well-worth it, the delivery people took great care with it, got it here right when scheduled, and were very polite and professional. They won't set it up for you but they do unpack it so you can all inspect it for damage right then.It's so light that I was able to get it on the mount myself (I'm a 46 year old female). I bought the Jaguar 3 in 1 TV Stand - Cherry and Glossy Black to use with it and it looks great and proportionate on it.The tv was set up and ready to go in about a half-hour.How does it handle everything we wanted it to?Broadcast tv (even non-HD broadcasts) looks incredible - sharp, nicely saturated colors, and each program is presented at the correct size without stretching or distorting the image.Video games: this is the tv Xbox was made for, huge crisp image, color that you don't get with a regular tube tv, just an overall amazing experience. Use the XBox's HDMI capability to get all the benefits. The wii is not capable of hi-definition output but still looks great.DVDs: Incredible, and again I recommend a theater sound system of some sort to enhance the sound. I was never interested in Blu-ray but this tv's capabilities have causes me to put it on my wish list. If DVDs look this good, I can only imagine Blu-ray will look amazing.The menu is very easy to operate and you will want to experiment with the picture and lighting presets to determine which is best for you. This tv offers a nice variety of presets so you are pretty much guaranteed to get exactly what you want. Personally I don't like the picture quite as bright as some people may, and there is a setting for that as well.Overall recommendation: While I purchased this tv at a sale price of $545.44, I would buy it even at a higher price up to $750.00. The price I got made this a STEAL. Don't forget to add the cost of shipping on to the purchase price when budgeting - in my area (rural ND) the additional cost was about $90.  It was still MORE than worth it, with gas prices at $3.60/gallon it would have cost nearly $30 in gas alone for me to drive to a city for a comparable tv at a comparable price. I completely recommend this tv, particularly if you are new to flat-screen technology and aren't sure what you should be looking for. It will blow you away and you will wonder how you got along without it for so long! I do recommend that you purchase a theater-style sound system to go with it, but by no means is that a requirement (particularly if you live in an apartment). But once you have a picture THIS good, particularly if you are a movie buff, Xbox or PS3 player, you'll want the sound to match.