I write this review out of thanks for the many who did the same and helped me to come to the conclusion to purchase this phenomenal TV.  I'm one of the many who probably over-analyzed this purchase.  You know a product is high quality when its used price actually goes up over time.  This model is becoming hard to find, for good reason.  Having owned four previous 50-inch plasmas (2 Pioneer ELITEs, an older Panasonic Onyx top end model, and a Panasonic GT30), this 65-inch version is a long-awaited addition to the family.  Never mind the fact that the first three smaller models aren't 1080p and cost me literally thousands more, just note how well these televisions hold up.  If it's possible for them to improve with age, I think they actually might.  I still smile (at least in my mind) each time I see a high quality Blu-Ray or Directv signal on one of the older models.  I've had no regrets whatsoever about the earlier purchases, so I assume this newly acquired model will hold up well, too.I bought this 65GT30 used, but there's not even the slightest scratch visible.  Given the long useful life of a plasma TV, used is the way to go.  Kudos to Amazon for classifying this as in "Good" condition, as I can't see how this wouldn't be considered "Like New."  I still own all four other plasma TVs, and each one of them was a display model by a traditional retailer.  The first three were on display at Hi Fi Buys which might be extinct by now, and the 50-inch GT30 was a display model at Best Buy.  I found used plasmas were a smart way to get the best technology at a big discount.  They are rated to last an extremely long time, so previous use is a non-factor.This was my first TV purchase via Amazon, and I can't sing their praises enough.  Who wouldn't want a 65-inch TV delivered to his/her home, anyway?  Free shipping makes Amazon the best value out there, especially in big ticket purchases.  The delivery was a snap and arrived in less than a week from the order date.  Aside from a big savings by going with last year's model, another factor in my decision was that I had already purchased a set of four active 3D glasses which are compatible with this model but not the 2012 GT50 version.  Finally, I prefer the all black stand to the gradation of black to silver stands in the 2012 models.  Wall mounting solves this dilemma and is great if you have the right space for it.My only fear is reading about some 55-inch versions of this vintage of VIERA plasmas that have had problems (three blinking lights, and no power).  Still, given my very pleasant past experience with plasma TVs, I'm confident this will make a fine purchase for many years to come.  When turned off, it is as elegant as a piece of fine furniture in my book.  When on, it seems far more realistic looking than any LCD I've seen.  Cnet has written extensively about this picture and cost advantage over the last decade, and the "soap opera" effect of LCDs is a legitimate concern to my untrained eye.  I suppose the knocks on plasmas for consuming more energy and risking burn-ins have some basis, but neither of those cons are a real factor for me.  If you go into Costco and ask them if they carry any plasma TVs, they will tell you that they can't keep them in stock when they can get their hands on them.  That's because sites such as Cnet, Consumer Reports, and now Amazon really help to spread the word to those who want to be as informed as possible.  As you can tell, I highly recommend this product.