I've had the LN-T4061 for a week now and am still very impressed.  The picture quality is excellent, build quality is solid, and ease-of-use is very good too.  I am using it with an HD cable box, a Media Center PC, and a home theater receiver.  In all cases, connecting and configuring the various inputs was completely obvious and pain free.General Image: The colors are absolutely amazing.  I've looked at a LOT of LCDs over the past few months and I can't recall any of them looking this vibrant.  The 10,000-to-1 contrast ratio really makes for a stunning image.  The black level is very good for an LCD too, but not quite pitch-black.  Since I like to watch movies at night in a dark room, I can pick out a tiny amount of dark grey if I'm looking for it.  Still, it's much better than most LCDs and the high contrast ratio makes dark scenes look much better.  If you look at LCDs in a store, you'll notice they always play bright, contrasty video.  That's because most LCDs have a problem showing the difference between dark colors, like in shadows and night scenes.  The Samsung isn't perfect, but it doesn't wash out nearly as bad as the others I sampled.Image Settings:  You can fine tune picture settings (Color, Contract, Brightness, etc.) or use one of the built-in presets.  The default setting was a little "over driven" for my eyes, so I stepped it back to the next level and haven't had to touch it since.  All settings are stored per-input, which is how it should be.High Definition: Both of my sources output in HD, the cable box at 1080i and the HTPC at 1080p.  I give it 5 stars each in image quality, color fidelity, lack of pixilation, and lack of motion tear.Standard Definition:  I don't really have an SD source anymore as my cable box and HTPC up-convert the content to HD.  I did connect an S-Video cable just to try it out though, and was generally satisfied with the picture.  There were definitely artifacts of scaling and de-interlacing, but they mostly disappeared to my eye at couch distance (about 12 feet).  I didn't give it the close scrutiny I did with the HDMI and component connections though.HDMI Inputs: I am using only one of the three HDMI jacks, and that for connecting the cable box.  In the past I would leave the TV volume at 100% and use the PVR's internal volume control to set the final level.  Over HDMI though, you always have full volume going to the TV.  The easy work-around for this was to train the cable remote to use the TV codes for volume.  This works great and the picture quality is excellent.  I also read a forum post about the TV "handshaking" intermittently over an HDMI connection, but I haven't experienced it.  Also, on a side note, do NOT buy expensive HDMI cables.  The signal is 100% digital and doesn't benefit in any significant way from a $150 "OFC" or "directional" cable.  If you need a run of 50' or more it's a different story, but at 6' it's a non-issue.Component Inputs:  Before I got the HDMI cable, I used the component jacks for a few days and I can't say that I noticed any difference when I went to HDMI.  It's nice having a single cable instead of the 5 for component, but I couldn't tell one way or another.Audio:  The built in 10-watt speakers are not enough for immersive movie watching, but they do just fine for regular TV shows.  Coupled with a home theater sound system, you've got the best of both worlds; easy operation for normal stuff and theater sound for movies.On-Screen Menus:  It has a nicely polished translucent on-screen menu system.  The layout is simple, features that don't apply are grayed out, and the hierarchy is logical.  What more can you ask for.Remote Control: I use the cable PVR's remote most of the time, and had no trouble adding Samsung's codes to it.  The Samsung remote is actually quite nice, but there are enough special features built into the cable remote (PVR, guide, A B & C buttons, etc) that I prefer to make that the normal clicker.  I still keep the TV remote handy though as there are a few features the other remote won't do when watching movies.  I wish I could do it all with just one, but I guess that's where remotes like the Logitech Harmony come in.Cabinet:  Personally, I don't like "shiny" media equipment; they just cause glare and distract from what you are really watching.  The frame is somewhat shiny but the screen it totally matte.  In my opinion, it's a nice mix and looks quite professional.  I was worried about the WAF, but the first words out of her mouth were "wow, its pretty".  That's good enough for me.Other:  I played around with the "digital picture frame" mode some and it is kind of neat.  You plug a USB stick into the side and it does a slide show of the photos and music on it.  I probably won't use it as I have a media center PC, but those that don't might find it useful.  That same USB slot is also used to do firmware upgrades, which is a lot better than shipping it off to a service center if an incompatibility ever crops up.All in all I am extremely pleased with this TV.  I waited a long time for 1080p prices to fall to levels that would fit my budget and I'm really happy I chose this one.  There aren't many reviews out there for this year's model yet, but I expect this one to take off big time.