What else can I say, this TV is absolutely amazing. There are just so many more pros than cons  I won't even bother making a list. I'll just ramble on and on about how awesome this TV is.Don't get me wrong, it's awesome for my use in a bed room but if you've got a 24 by 24 room or larger you may want to consider something a little bit bigger, I would assume anyway. In any case on to more rambling.I've had this TV for a few months now you'd swear it was an led backlit TV, but it's not. I owned a 37inch Sceptre prior to the Vizio. The Sceptre worked well but it was much thicker, heavier, and gave off a LOT more heat than any other TV I had owned, more specifically the Vizio. The Vizio was also so much more lighter then my previous television which was a huge pro for me since I had it wall mounted.There is one feature that this television had that made me a bit, for lack of a better work, meh. It can adjust its brightness based on the environment. For example, if you were sitting in the room at around midnight in complete darkness, the TV would actually start to dim regardless of what mode you set it in. Don't get confused now with what I just said, I'm just speaking about the backlight brightness. If you set it into sports or vivid mode; the contrast, sharpness, and etc would stay the same its just the brightness of the backlight would either dim or get brighter depending on how much light you have in the environment. At first I thought my TV was done and borked but no, this feature is automatically turned on by default and can be turned on and off depending on your preference.As far as movies and entertainment goes; this TV is, once again, amazing! Keep in mind this is passive cinema 3D, the type used in most small movie theaters with the polarized glasses. That being said the 3D glasses you get at the theater work well with this TV. I've tested the 3D out on a homemade SBS 3D DVD. It actually looked pretty dang good! I could only imagine how a 3D bluray must look. As for gaming, I was playing Stardust HD in 3D and it was mind blowing. In terms of 3D and viewing angles, this is passive 3D and optimal viewing is achieved smack dab right in front of the TV. I moved around to the sides of the TV and you know what, at about 8 to 10 feet back at side angles the 3D effect is still there with very minimal, if any, distortion. Of course it looks much better if you're facing the TV directly but even if you moved the sides at an angle it doesn't look all that bad.Don't expect much for sound, I knew this during my search for a new TV and had my 7.1 sound setup prior to purchasing this TV. So for a couple of weeks I was stuck listening to 1010 WINS through 7 speakers until I could pony of the cash for the TV. During that time I was able to catch the TV on sale from Amazon.The remote is pretty neat. It's got your standard buttons on the front but when you flip it over its a full QWERTY keyboard.I haven't tried out the APPs on it yet mainly because I really only watch Netflix and my PS3 is setup with that already. I may give Hulu a shot tonight who knows.Bottom line is it's a great TV for what you pay for. Its full HD 1080p, 120hz, 3 HDMIs (not a problem if you're using a receiver), and more. If you've got a little extra in your budget, you may want to check out some of the other TVs out there, but when it's on sale, for its price and features you just can't go wrong.