Networked TV Issues:Internet Apps have a long way to go.  They are laggy, run in the foreground and can cause you too have to wait for timeouts (or turn off the unit).  Pandora is a nice to have and the Yahoo bar apps are nicely done but some of the rest are just too slow.  I can get to my laptop and pull up facebook or twitter far faster.  The commitment of the media sharing developers at Sony and other TV manufacturers to UPnP as a standard protocol needs to die.  It actually is impossible to work with.  What is so wrong with allowing Windows or Samba shares to connect?Directv, in the recent software updates, added Media Share capability thru a locked down format by way of UPnP.  When the Samsung attached to the share it doesn't let go, and crushes my HR21-700 with network requests, this causes the interface to be even slower than usual.  I ended up unplugging it from the network to get my performance back.Accessories and Packaging:The remote that comes with a high end TV should just be replaced with a Universal model these days.  Toss in a Harmony One or something similar rather than what they provided.  Who doesn't have to use a Sat / Cable box these days that will require it?  The universals are so good that it doesn't make sense to reinvent the wheel.  At the very least partner and make a version specific for the TV that will support other devices.Selling a $2500 TV that doesn't include at least 1 pair of 3d glasses is a smack in the face too.TV Performance:Colors out of the box are great.  The standard setup is almost perfect but tended to be a little dark for my room.  After some tweaking with settings I am pretty damn happy.  The menus are intuitive and snappy.  Mode changes are great because you can setup different color settings between one input to the next.  Took me a bit to figure out that the PS3 needs to have the TV run in Game Mode.  This is a huge boost in performance.  Very happy with this TV's ability to be both a casual watcher and a gaming / BlueRay watching performer.Audio Performance:I compared it with or without my SurroundBar and it is night and day.  The internal TV speakers are kinda weak, but at under 2 inches thick what can you expect.  Get a Surroundbar at the very least (I have the Polk 6000 IHT) or hook it up to a surround system.  The settings allow you to send all sound to the external speakers which will turn off the volume controls TV.  One annoyance is that you loose the EQ settings and configuration if you send the signal out.  Since I do not have a receiver that can EQ the input this stinks.  For most people who use the internal speaker or have higher end surround systems, they wont have this issue.Overall, love it.  Worth the money?  Still deciding.  For those who were concerned with Buzzing, my unit buzzes about the same amount as the older HP PN42 I had before.  Doesn't bother me one bit.  Paired the device with my Harmony 510 and I am doing great.