The GOOD:* TV picture quality is beautiful, there are some tweaks you need to do, but about as good a 2D picture as you can get and with a screen this size sitting about 9 feet away watching a HD image, you really get a great movie theater effect.* TV for the money, you wont find a new model 63" plasma TV for this price any other place, amazon is always best with price.* 2d -> 3D up-convert. I expected this feature to suck, but I was wrong. Its a lot of fun with video games. Great depth, so-so pop-out. Samsung is the only one to offer this feature right now.* Media share, this is another extra I had low expectations for, but works really well. it took me about 2 minutes to share media on my Droid X phone with the TV. That includes video/pics/music. Its called (DLNA) on the phone, very simple and works great over wi-fi, didnt have to plug anything in.The BAD:* "soap opera mode".  In settings toggle "game mode" (turn it on, then off again, you'll see the screen flicker). This is an awful setting that makes everything look fake, it also messes up 3D, makes the background stuff jump in front of the foreground stuff.* 3D ghosting/cross-talk, this one bum's me out, I was really looking forward to good 3D, but ghosting is a noticeable double image effect that happens off and on in 3D content. It gets better with each firmware release, so I have hope that this will be fixed soon.* Buzzing - Its not a big deal, its very slight, you have to be listening for it to even here it, almost not worth mentioning.* Amazon customer service - Kinda sucks in a bad way, clearly an out sourced call center where the people dont have a firm grasp on the amazon white glove delivery process.. Originally I ordered the 58" 7000 plasma, and realized I forgot to put the free starter kit and 3dBlu-ray player in my cart, my fault, but after calling amazon a bunch of times to get them, they told me to return the 58" and then order it again, this time with the free stuff.... Seems silly and a waste of shipping and time, why couldnt they just send them, they have a record of me buying the TV.. Anyway, they picked my 58" up two weeks ago now and still have not given me my money back, kinda pisses me off, that $2,000 in limbo. I think in the future, I will not be making large purchases from amazon due to the crappy customer service is lag in returning my money. Its worth it to spend a bit extra in a box store and know if you want to return something you can with out a big hassle.OVERALLThe tv is awsome, so bugs but no show stoppers. Amazon has awful customer service and should be avoided when making large purchases, even if they are a bit cheaper, piece of mind is worth the extra money to buy some place else, that would be "best" to "buy" from. :)UPDATE:8/4/10 - Got my money back from amazon. So, from the day the TV was picked up from my house, till the time I got my money back, 17 days... not cool. I also noticed today that the prices have jumped upward quite a bit on the amazon web site for samsung TV's, pretty much on par with anyplace else.UPDATE:10/7/10 - TV is still amazing. Just wanted to mention that the ghosting issue I was having in 3D movies appears to be the movies themselves. I just watched Monster House and saw about 10 seconds of ghosting in the whole movie, so it seems like it has to do with how the 3D movies are made and not the TV.