I recently bought the Samsung LN40D630 as an upgrade from my Samsung LN32A550 and the difference in picture quality is obvious. I still love my 32' flat screen and it will be moved into my bedroom, but this TV is far superior. To really appreciate the TV's capacity you need to have a true Hi Def source like a blu ray player, Playstation 3, etc. Most cable companies are still broadcasting at 1080i and are not true Hi Def sources, although the D630 will make any source look a bit better with the Auto Motion Plus feature, which can be tweaked to your liking. It adds an extra image between frames to create a smooth and truly life like image. This may sound great and but it takes a bit of getting used to. I currently have it turned off because the image on the screen is almost too life like, and makes the movie or TV have a "soap opera" feel to it. Before you get any bad ideas about this feature, or the TV, it does have it's uses. This setting is great to use for fast action sports, or low def programs/channels. I tested in while playing a few different playstation games and although it really enhances the image and resolution it also creates lag while using the controller. For fast action games that require quick reflexes and little hesitation this feature will definitely work against you, and can be very annoying. In conclusion, it is a great feature to have, and you have to see it to completely understand it's impact and look. There is no doubt it has it's uses, but I wish there was a button on the remote that could allow you to quickly enable and disable it, instead of searching through the menu.I spent at least an hour recalibrating the TV for each source (cable, movie, playstation, etc) and this set does come fairly well calibrated out of the box. It will save your different picture settings for each source, so once you calibrate each source accordingly you won't have to mess with it. Most LCD and plasma TV's come calibrated in a "Demo Mode" to show off it's appearance next to it's competitors and to accomplish this they usually turn the backlight and brightness up way to high.  This will shorten the life of your TV and consume more power. Calibration depends on the viewing environment (light room with many windows or dark basement) and the viewers preferences, and this TV allows you to tweak everything including the Red Green Blue scale and many other standard and special effects. Some retailers recommend this be done by a professional (Geek squad) but you can also use a calibration disk. I simply consulted a trusted site for my tweaks (I posted them in this TV's customer forum) and I adjusted it to my liking and viewing environment. I recommend using "Movie Mode" over all others and go from there. I am still making fine adjustments here and there, and they can and should differ from source to source.The TV's sound is so so provided the speakers aren't even visible on this model. No problem, as I typically hook my sets to an audio receiver for better sound, although I did have to buy a $30 audio digital optical cable to hook up the TV to my home theater. Keep in mind it does not have a standard Left/Right audio out. If you plan on also using a home theater I recommend you rout all of the source's audio through the TV and not directly from each source to the amplifier or receiver. This could cause a delay or lag between the sound and the picture that is common to hi def sources. By routing all of your sources (hi or standard def) through the TV you avoid this problem and won't have to calibrate each source or your audio receiver to compensate for this delay.All in all this TV is definitely worth what Amazon is asking. It is not a 3D TV and is not on the cutting edge of new technology, but it offers excellent picture quality and is a trusted brand. I am not going to list and repeat every feature it has, as that is already listed on the product page. This is my second Samsung LCD TV and I would buy another if I needed it. Nowadays you have to be careful not to buy things before a new wave of technology comes, but there is no question that the TV's are more sophisticated than the sources (DVD's, cable, Netflix, etc). Although this set isn't 3D compatible, and may lack some features and performance of the newest models, it is a long way from being obsolete or outdated. To tell you the truth I honestly wouldn't want a higher quality image than what this TV offers because it takes away from the film, or program. I know everyone is pushing for realism and life like images but you have to draw a line. It feels like you are watching them film the movie (or a play) and not actually watching a movie. Maybe it is because I am used to that barrier between us that separates real life from fiction/entertainment and it takes some getting used to. I am not saying this TV lacks high def, actually it offers too much, although fortunately it can be turned off. Don't take my word for it, you really have to see it to believe it......