I feel as though most people make a purchase, and then justify it by raving about it's performance, even if in their heart of hearts they know it is junk.Just recently, an acquaintance of mine purchased an LCD television that, while asthetically pleasing, has one of the worst pictures I have seen.  Trail, ghosting, poor colors, etc...  DLP projection is simply the best picture you can buy if dollars spent VS. quality of picture is your goal. If you MUST hang a TV on a wall, KNOW that you MUST ALSO spend at least $7000 for a picture that begins to match the quality of a $2500 DLP.  The cheaper flat screens are cheaper for a reason.  You do the math.This Samsung model is just gorgeous.  HDTV is simply stunning.  Colors are crisp, black levels are INCREDIBLE, and the picture is 95% perfect right out of the box!  I had an engineer look at this set and say "it is perfect when you plug it in".  So many sets need "tweaking" for days before they look right, so this is an added benefit on this model.Also, the set has PIP, which can be used for watching TV while also using your computer!  Simply run video out from your computer and you have a 50 inch HD Monitor!!  Awsome!This set has HDMI, which no one really uses yet, but it is nice to have for the future.  For those who do not know, HDMI is ONE cable that carries HD PICTURE AND SURROUND SOUND.  It also has DVI input for the BEST HDTV picture available.The look (pedestal) is love it or leave it, but if you are here, you obviously find it pleasing.I can not comment on the sound as I have never used it (I have a home theater system), and this brings me to a slightly offpoint comment, but one that is important.  if you DO get a surround system, please do this television justice and do not buy some junky home theater in a box!  Sound is actually MORE impotant than picture in terms of a visceral experience, and you do yourself no service to buy this set, and then use garbage sound. Also, BOSE, while nice, is overpriced and simply silly.  DO RESEARCH, and find that no respected audio/videophile respects BOSE, when they know better can be had for less.Sorry...back to my review.  This set is wonderful.  You can use a nice open-air AV rack to complement it visually, and as far as gaming goes, XBOX in HD is fabulous!!!ONE NOTE ON DVD's.  this television has a native resolution of 720P  DVD's only have a maximum of 480P, and as a technology, DVD's are not that great, which is why HD DVD's will be out this year (DVD's that do 480p,720p,1080i,1080p ie. High Definition DVD's) Do not be disappointed if DVD's look a bit fuzzy, pixelated, whatever... they look that way on ALL HDTV's.  It is the DVD, not the TV.  Still, they look nice.Well, that's all.  You may want to wait until 1080 native resolution sets are available later this year, but mind you they come with a hefty price tag!  For now, this is THE set; and I say that not because I own it, but because it is true. Enjoy!TOP NOTES:PROS:Good ClarityGREAT BLACK LEVELSNice ContrastBEST COLOR ON THE MARKETIt is light...about 100lbs for a 50 Inch TV!!!!!CONS:Can't hang it on a wall (it IS only 11 inches deep)Pedestal not for everyone