Went to Best buy and look at this unit for an hour.  I was allowed to enter the calibration settings found on AVS forums which seemed to improve things a bit.Some notes about my viewing experience:2d looked very good. But I am buying this for 3d.Fast moving 3d exhibited ghosting, I confirmed the image was coming off a 3d blu-ray player, I felt like my eyesight was blurring when trying to follow the action.There was terrible vertical banding about every 15% of the screen. About 5 vertical bands across the whole screen, mostly visible during brighter scenes. WTH?I will try going to another best buy, but honestly too many reviews on-line are saying the same thing about this whole D8000 line.Ugg, I wanted to get this amazing TV with thin bezel into my house.  Very sad indeed.-------------------UPDATE:::So I went to another Bestbuy about 50 miles away.  They also had this 55 inch unit so I asked to get a 3d movie playing and was able to calibrate it OK. I was there about 1 hour also.On this unit, the vertical banding was not as bad as on the 1st unit above, but I could definitely see small DOTS on the top of the screen, which appeared to be the light diffusion layer cut off points. I pointed this out to the sales floor manager and he had not noticed this until I mentioned it. He agreed it did not look good.I also was able to watch more 3d content from different demo discs on the show floor; one from Panasonic and one from Samsung. My honest experience was that I could not watch more than about 5 minutes of the 3d without feeling like something wasn't natural about the whole experience.I think movies may look better since they have controlled panning, but many fast action demos, like surfing and underwater fish swarms were not pleasing to the eye for more than a few minutes. Of course, the wow factor is there and that pulls you in to want to see more.I go to CES every year and the only demos all over the CES show floor have mainly been of slow moving flowers and trains pulling into stations, and similar. Nothing fast paced like in the demos I was watching.At this stage I am again saddened by Samsung's quality control and the overall 3d experience. I really wanted to love this and upgrade my 46 Samsung with this 55 inch model.------------------------------ANOTHER UPDATE:Went to a third best buy, against my better judgment.Saw another 55 D8000 and did the same setup the color settings. 2d was looking very nice, no problems here.Picture was great, 3d was much better now, no ghosting, since I was actually allowed to load a real 3d movie and not some lame 3d demo disc meant for impulse shoppers. We watched "Despicable Me" in 3D for about 10 minutes, which I had seen last week in 2d so I knew what to expect.I proceeded to put on the 3d specs, they had two pairs of the expensive rechargeable units, so my wife could watch along side me; [note: the cheaper button-battery specs seem better since they block the side light out]After a few minutes of the opening titles, uhh-oohh... My wife and I could clearly see 2 verticle lines about 1.5 inches thick running down the 33% and 66% positions of the screen. The manager thought I was nuts until he put on the specs. We paused the video and even tried another disc.  He said this was odd. He had never seen this issue since he had never tried on the 3d specs to this specific TV after it was installed. Just to be clear again, the 2d looked flawless.In summary, I am done with this TV. It cannot possibly be a good sign that three different 'store display' 55's and also a 65' D8000's have similar issues, within a 150 mile radius. To anyone who is skeptical, I got other employees to confirm each event, just to make sure I was not seeing some reflection or otherwise; we all confirmed these were indeed display problems each time.Again, love the thin bezel and the 2d, but the 3-D brought out a similar [back light ?] defects seen now on 3 55d8000s, I even tried a 65 D8000, it was worse on that set. I love Samsung, but geez..I'll be waiting on the next line from Samsung [E8000 ?], I think they need to drop this edge-lit stuff or something.  AVSforums is having a field day with these defects as well, it's not just me.If you don't believe me, ask me what Best Buys I went too and I will gladly reply to you with the city names in California and the employee I spoke too.Funny note: The 1st store where we saw the verticle light banding on their 65 last week, mostly visible through 3d, had the TV removed from the direct 3d blu-ray feed and is now moved to another wall on the 2d multiplex TV feed; perhaps to not show the TV's defects to perspective buyers.Buyer beware.F.