We were so excited to be buying a new TV since we read so many reviews here on Amazon about how great plasma TV are, I read a lot about SD channel and HD channel not being the same and I really didn't understand what was being said. But when I read people's reviews on how great the picture was and since I owned a zenith before we decided to order this plasma because it can be hung on the wall. After it arrived, we hook it up (which was easy) turn it on to our local news and were extremely disappointed in the picture.The color was a bit dull, and the picture was a little bit fuzzy, we read the manual and adjusted the setting but still the picture wasn't that great, but not really bad either just not prefect liek you would thinking. We went to a local electronic store thinking maybe we had the TV set up wrong. We were told in order to get that perfect picture we need to buy an HD receiver, HD cables and HD service. Since it is a HDTV it only make sense to have all the right HD connection, so we bought everything suggested and still the picture on our local channels, USA, CNN, Life etc.. was not that great.I called our satellite company thinking maybe there was something wrong with their service because all the reviews had said how great the picture was on this TV and our TV definitely did not a have a beautiful picture. Then I was told to turn to an HD channel YES the picture on HD channels are absolutely beautiful, crystal clear, the colors are outstanding and I see where people get thier great reviews from. But any channel that is not HD really isn't that great, the color is a bit dull and fast moving objects will be blurry. I was told that is how regular channels are on HDTV are!! ONLY HD CHANNELS will be crystal clear (that is why circuit city and best buy always have HD discovery on their TVs for sell so you'll see that beautiful picture and buy it), the only problem with that is there are ONLY 5 HD channels in our area: Discovery, 2 espn, HBO and showtime that is IT!!!So when a review say SD channel or standard channel aren't that great they mean about 200 of your channels (whether it's cable or satellite) will not be that prefect, all HD channel on the other hand will be Outstanding but if you don't watch that much discovery then you might be very disappointed in the picture.Before buying any HDTV whether it's plasma, LCD or DLP you need to find out how many channel are HD channel are in your area?? If not that many then you might want to keep your old TV. We return and purchased several plasma TV over the weeks trying to find one with the best regular (SD, Standard) channels and zenith was the best, Phillip had the worse.The best suggestion I can give anyone if your looking at buying a new TV at a store, ask them to change the TV to a NON-HD channel and then pick the one with the best picture don't pick the tv that has a HD channel on because when you get it home and flip it to CNN you'll be disppointed.