I received the TV about a week ago purchased from Amazon & shipped by Amazon's free white glove delivery service.  The tv & box arrived damage free.  The trucking company that delivered the TV (EGL Logistics) telephoned to schedule a delivery, delivered the TV within the scheduled time period and opened the box and inspected the TV for damage.  The driver did a great job in showing me where to look on the tv for signs of shipping damge.Setup of the TV was simple - I did not even need to read the manual.  When you first turn the set on, the tv goes through an automatic setup which was very nice.  The remote control works very well and has a nice lighted display.  I initally thought about purchasing a less expensive Olevia model, but after reading owner reviews, it was clear that some TVs have less than desirable remote controls and cumbersome setup,  I wanted a TV where there was a high degree of owner satisfaction.The picture quality is excellent.  I was also pleasantly surprised by the sound that the tv is able to deliver.  I read a previous review where someone said the TV was not loud enough.  My living is 20' x 30' and I have not ever needed to get even close to having the sound turned up to 1/2 of maximum volume.  There is a clear plastic piece at the bottom of the TV that deflects the sound into the room.  I like this model other than less expensive Samsung models of the same size, becuase the speakers are on the bottom of the TV, rather than the sides of the screen which, to me, makes the set look better when hanging on the wall.Before buying, I went to the CNET.com website and they have a short video of their review of this TV.One thing that I wish the TV had is an electronic program guide similar to what can be received by digital cable or satellite.  When viewing over-the-antenna broadcasts, you can view a description of the programs that you are watching, but not find out what will be broadcast on the channel at a later time.  However, it's not really to big of a problem for me, because the TV has 2 coaxial antenna inputs.  I have the antenna connected to one and DISH satellite to the other.  By clicking on the antenna button on the remote, I can view an eletronic program guide and then switch back to antenna.  I do this, becuase I do not subscribe to DISH HD programming and just watch HD over my local channels over the antenna.After purchasing the TV and reading the owners maual, I found that there is a Samsung wall mount option that plugs into the back of the TV and using the TV remote control, you can move the entire tv up, down, left & right.  I'm not sure why you woulf want to do that, but you can with the optional wall mount.I ended up purchasing a Peerless ST640P for my Samsung and am very happy with the mount.  I chose this typ of mount over a mount with a single arm that can be pulled out from the wall and rotated left, right, up and down, becuase I wanted to install the mount to a wall stud, and my wall studs did not line up with the center of where I wanted the TV to be when flat against the wall.  The ST-640P allowed ofr me to place the mount off-center of where I wanted the TV and then I could move the TV on the mount approximately 5" to the right or left to center the TV in the position I wanted.If I decide to purchase another LCD TV, I would purchase another Samsung of the LNT xx53 line.