I bought this TV in November (its now the end of January) and love it.This is my first plasma (I have a smaller LCD in another room) and it is great.When I purchased this it was entirely through Amazon and it came with a free bluray and 3D starter kit and free shipping and free return shipping - the free return shipping was the real deal maker for me purchasing this over the net.  When the TV arrived it was brought into the house (still boxed) by the Amazon delivery company.  After I opened and set it up I noticed that there was a thin black horizontal line all the way across the screen a couple inches from the top of the set (not the 16/9 line, but a defect line).  Since it was delivered Thanksgiving week I didn't feel like dealing with it so I called Amazon the day after Thanksgiving.  I expected a long wait followed by an unpleasant conversation that I figured would end with me telling them to come get the TV and I'd just return it with the free return shipping option.After I explained the line defect to the employee, and told her that it was this way from the moment I opened it, I just didn't feel like dealing with it until after Thanksgiving, she said, and here's where I expected the fight to start, "You have two options: 1st I can send the delivery company to come pick it up and issue you a full refund or, 2nd, I can send the delivery company to come pick it up and replace it with another one at the same time.  Which would you prefer?"  Amazon made the exchange easy and completely painless!  I asked for the exchange and the next Tuesday the swap took place - and remember my call was placed on Black Friday.  Thank you Amazon!The TV itself is great.  I haven't done any of the tweaking for optimum picture noted in prior reviews, but I love the picture quality.  The user interfaces (both the remote and the on-screen) are easy to understand and use.  One earlier reviewer noted that there were no controls on the TV itself so the remote always had to be used.  There are actually "watermark" type (i.e. very faintly outlined) controls on the lower right of the TV on the clear plastic edge that goes around the set.  While not really functional for routine use, it does make it easy to turn the set off after the kids leave it on and I don't feel like looking for the remote just to turn it off.Some other reviewers noted a buzzing/hum when the set was turned on.  I haven't experienced it.  Neither of the two sets I hooked up had it.  BUT, I took someone else's advise and bought a power "cleaner" to connect all my new equipment through.  While the reviews on the power cleaners range from "power cleaners are absolutely essential" to "this is complete BS" I figured that I needed a good surge protector anyway and for a couple of bucks more, I would give it a try.  Does it really work, I don't know.  Do I have the buzz/hum that several people complain about, nope.The sound on the set is standard TV set quality sound.  In other words it isn't anything like what it is run through an entertainment center.  But then again, it isn't run through an entertainment center.  My family watches all sorts of movies and TV shows with the TV's native sound system and no one has complained once.  It is perfectly fine.  I think some people expect a theater sound experience, that's not the case.  I bought this TV for the theater visual experience, which it delivers!Overall, the TV is amazing.  The 2D picture is beautiful.  The 3D picture is also beautiful.  The TV's ability to convert native 2D to 3D is neat, but not something I've taken advantage of other than to try out for the novelty of it.Assuming the set you receive does not have the buzz/hum some users complain about, you will love this set!