I got my Samsung PN64D8000 delivered just a few days ago (11/22.) Upon unpacking the TVs, I found an relatively deep indentation mark on the back side of the TV near the lower end. I filed a complaint with Amazon.com right away, letting them know the problem.I completed the installation, just want to see if the TV still performs and I want to see what the picture quality would look like. I had viewed some music DVD and some TV program in the last couple of days. I like the picture quality 2D, but have not a chance to view any 3D movies yet.However, this morning I went to check the TV again to see how it is built since I was so busy with the Thanksgiving stuff. Upon careful looking at the TV, I found the bottom metal liner at the front TV seemed to be indented because one area of the liner look lower than the rest. Taking a closer look, I found that the metal liner has very large gap from the glass panel. As a matter of fact, approximately 90% of the horizontal liner separated from the glass, and you can push the metal line in and out with significant movement. I think this is a manufacturer's defect whereas the glue is not holding the thin metal liner to the TV glass. I use a flashlight to run along the three remaining liner (two vertical and the top horizontal liner to see if there is similar gap and found they are pretty well glued to the glass panel, except a couple of gaps with a 2-3 inches in length but not wide open as the bottom liner mentioned above.I have seen many reviewers gave praises to the thin and light weight Samsung Plasma's TVs such as this D8000-series. But some reviewers also expressed reservations about the built quality of these Samsung's TVs, considering the thin materials (such as these metal liners) are used. And apparently, these doubters are correct about the built quality on these TVs.I would like all who own the 64-inch TV to examine these metal liners around your TVs to see if there is a similar gaps. Like I mentioned, unless you run observe very carefully then it is difficult to discover this defect. The thing that worries me the most is that these metal liner will peel off all together, and especially with the gap at the lower edge of the TV, the dust will fall and fill these gaps with dust in no time (as you know the front panel of the TVs attract lots of dusts due to its static magnetic property.)Please response to this link if you find out similar issue! I have talked to Amazon's customer service to see if they have heard similar defects but the rep. I talked to said it was the first time he ever heard about it.Now, I am wondering if I should get a replacement TV. I like the TV's design, the light weight, and picture quality but so concerned about the long-term durability of this TV. Even if I receive a new TV with no gaps between the metal liner and the glass, what would guarantee that similar gaps will not develop after a few months of use?I am thinking of getting the Panasonic P65GT30, but not sure if the picture quality is on par or close to this Samsung's flagship TV. Also, the Panasonic is so much heaviver (but of course more rigidly built,) and their 3D glasses are so outrageously expensive.What do you think, dear fellow TV viewers?