The HD picture on this set is very good.  Do not be fooled by the price.  The SD DVD progressive scan picture (480p) is also quite good.  Regular SD (480i) is pretty ho-hum.  In fact, if you have a sizable tube and are not planning on upgrading to HD service (although major networks are free with an antenna and look great), you might as well hold off.  This is the case for any HD LCD.  They are designed for HD and all of them just look so-so with standard definition.The sound is also solid, very impressive for a flat panel.  It also has ample inputs, although the ones on the underside are a pain to hook stuff up to (prepare to be cranking your head sideways to see just where the HDMI plugs in).The remote is the weakest point of the set.  It has a layout that in not intuitive.  I still keep looking for the 'menu' button to play with the picture and features forgetting that you have to press the orange 'V' in the middle.All around though, the set is a good value.  If Sony or Samsung are not in your budget, you will not be disappointed by this Vizio.  One more thing; I think the 120hz feature is not a must have, at least for films.  I haven't seen it for video games, but for movies it just doesn't look quite right to me.  Some blur is natural.  So, don't be lured away by that as it is a feature I would rarely have used anyway.Update:  This Vizio set has held up now for about 22 months.  There has been one extremely annoying issue though.  On occasion (a few times a month, randomly) when watching broadcast TV via an antenna the set freezes with the speakers blaring static noise at max volume.  This of course scares anybody in the room half to death...which has become quite tiresome (to the point that a new HDTV will be purchased in the near future and this set is going to a bedroom).  The remote has no effect when this happens, so the only fix is to unplug the set (with the noise blaring in my ears as I do so).  It only does this with the TV tuner, so the issue is clearly with that part of the set.  On all the other inputs, HDMI, component, AV, RGB, it has been fine.  The picture has been excellent on this set though, which has left me ambivalent about Vizio.  Obviously Vizio must cut costs somewhere to be more affordable and unfortunately for me it has caused this problem that I have never had happen on other sets.  So, it is something to consider in the future when buying a TV.  Sony, Samsung, and other makers cost more but I suspect they probably have more thorough quality control than Vizio, which prevents bizarre issue like this one.  I sent two emails to Vizio tech support wondering if there was a simple fix like a reset procedure, but never got a reply.  And since the set is out of warranty I know a fix will cost more than this annoyance is worth and that money will be better spent on a new HDTV.  I have not ruled Vizio out for a new TV, but I am not as gung-ho for them as I used to be.