I ordered this set for my family last Christmas of 2007 and set it up one evening with my sister while the folks were out. When they came home that night - boom! Their measly old 19" CRT had vanished and in it's place was just a blackness, filling the main cavity of our entertainment cabinet - 40 inches, to be exact. They were quite surprised, as you would imagine. And when I fired up Blue Planet HD for them, the 'wow' factor was just so evident in the air that it took some effort to keep from grinning.The main reason for why I chose this TV over all others was that it was THE one large-screen Television set that made a perfect fit within the bounds of the family entertainment enclosure. Situating it in the shelf, minus the stand, I discovered how close a call it was - hardly more than 1/4" to spare on every side. The top actually rests against the mount pins for the shelf above it, which was perfect, since now having no stand to hold it upright, it would have otherwise fallen in backward. Like my title states, it couldn't have been a more perfect fit. There are lesser reasons of course - Samsung's renowned picture quality and construction, the sleek, straight-forward and jet black design, as well as the ability to use 120hz interpolating.Some of the key settings of my set are as follows:contrast 90brightness 45sharpness 20color 50tint 50/50backlight 6color tone normalThe most important setting of all for me, though, was the Mode. This is an LED back-lit set, you must realize, and if you ever look at an LED light next to an incandescent bulb, you realize the color tone is 'cool' or blueish compared with the warmer feel of traditional lighting. This was especially evident this past Christmas when I drove by a house using LED Christmas lights (if I ever needed a reason NOT to buy them, that was it). The Samsung at it's Default settings, gives off this same blueish look that I don't find terribly appealing. Setting the Mode to 'Movie' seemed to magically make the picture not look like it was being lit by LEDs.There are many other settings for fine-tuning the picture, like black-level adjustment, noise reduction, etc., but I've left most of those at their default 'auto' setting or off.Picture quality is excellent and bright. I've never seen any artifacting or ghosting, as some others have reported. Stardust HD looks amazing.The 120hz works just as advertised. It works with any HDMI source... which is fine, since all A/V sources are routed through an excellent Yamaha RX-V661 receiver unit (would never buy any other brand of receiver) and to the Samsung via HDMI. This means you can watch virtually anything with interpolation. I have it off by default, though, since the feature causes motion to look unnaturally smooth and tends to attract attention to itself, but it is fun to turn it on sometimes for the 'wow' factor and if you are watching the right thing it really can be spectacular (Documentaries, Sports, high speed action sequences in movies, etc.) We don't own the Matrix, but I can imagine how liquid smooth the 'bullet-time' scene would appear...Coming close to a year old, this set has been a solid performer and I've never had a reason to regret my decision. Come to think of it, every screen we've bought in the last few years has been Samsung, including my latest acquisition - a 61" Samsung DLP Television. I am, as of this writing, killing time and waiting for my Oppo 983H player to arrive so that I can fire up my first movie on it and check that the screen has no problems. Technology is great! (when it works)