First off, it looks like this TV is out of stock everywhere and Vizio doesn't appear to be restocking it, so I'm not sure how much use this review is to anyone but whatever.I paid $298 for this TV in late December.  There isn't another TV that is going to offer the pure feature set this Vizio offers.  This TV has a 1080p resolution, something still surprisingly not standard on a lot of budget 32 inchers.. 3D & Wi-Fi enabled apps.. it's quite a package, but naturally if the picture quality doesn't add up is it worth it?I'm glad to say the picture quality lives up, it's good with the major exception of ghosting. My previous two HDTV sets was a 05 Samsung 61" DLP and for the past 3 years a  Samsung 55" 3D Plasma..  There is quite a bit of odd ghosting when it comes to watching sports, especially when the camera pans quickly. You see the bounce of pixels/outline.. it's most noticeable in hockey and football.. I can't say I see it in basketball or soccer.  I don't really notice it in normal television or movies. I've tried fiddling with settings including turning game mode on, turning sharpness off, 720p vs 1080i  but not a lot help. It's not massive, but if you do plan to watch a lot of sports in particular football and hockey, I'd think about seeing this in person or getting a different set.  (Note it's not my source, I've actually changed from Cable to DirecTV in the ownership span and it's still there)The overall PQ though outside of the ghosting is pretty nice, it takes some fiddling though. If you check CNET they have some calibrated settings for the 42 and they seem to translate decently if you don't have a calibration disk.  First and foremost I would turn off the ambient light and DCR, they aggressively turn down the backlight and it makes the picture look really dank.  The picture quality when calibrated is really nice, colors seem accurate, sharpness even with the sharpness off is pretty nice, and the contrast is pretty nice.Game mode helps a lot with lag, I hooked my PC up and noticed my mouse had a noticeable lag and felt "heavy" due to it.. turning on game mode basically put it into unnoticeable. It makes gaming quite nice.3D is nice, but it should be noted that it has a really small viewing distance and has to be seen head on.. this isn't much of a problem on a 32" set considering that's the ordinary size for a bedroom or small room. If you're using it as a family room, I'd look for another set with better 3D viewing angles.I've mainly only used Netflix as the apps, and it works just as it should.  It's smooth, fast, and nice over Wi-Fi. It's really nice to have some of the apps built in rather then on a somewhat loud and power hungry game console, and it also saves the purchase of a Roku or similar streaming device (albeit with less options).  It should be noted it takes about 25 seconds for the TV to actually boot up and show a picture source.  It's not really a big deal, but it's noticeable.Overall, I'm happy with my purchase, the ghosting is the only major sticking point for me but I'm sure I'll largely get used to it.  I've contacted Vizio to see if there are any solutions, I know that some LCDs for computers have something called "overdrive" that tend to cause that black outline I mentioned earlier.  It's possible the Vizio has the same thing and maybe there is a way to turn it off.. who knows.For $298, you get a 32" 3D 1080p Wi-Fi enabled TV that has nice picture quality and a lot of settings to tweak it as you feel right.  You really can't beat that value because the same feature set would typically cost you  into the $600 range with Samsung & LG. It's a good value and it really shows how Vizio is the king of it.  There are a few drawbacks to it, but overall I'm happy with it and recommend it.UPDATE: After using it for a few more days and as hockey season ramps up, I've really gotta go ahead and dock this another star.. the ghosting makes watching hockey a bit of a nightmare. There is just so much of it.. everywhere you go it's black lines around players, the only thing I can think of is that they are using some really hard OD to get regular blurring out and it's just ridiculously distracting. I'm now considering putting it up on craigslist and getting a different set, it's a shame they don't make smaller 1080p Plasma's.