Knowing that the difference in quality of small television sets is marginal, I was willing to try an off-brand set. I picked up the Coby LEDTV1526 from a local electronic store chain for $88. The TV was a bargain for what I paid, despite its shortcomings. I bought it primarily to use as a monitor (which it does fine through the HDMI input but with some problems with the VGA input), but it works fine as a TV as well. In general, the picture is just as good as that of my 32" Vizio, and the sound is loud enough for any SMALL room. The small size and low weight of this set make it ultra-portable too. The remote works fine, and I like its build quality and large buttons. The energy use of this set is incredibly low; According to the energy guide label, you can expect to use three dollars of energy in a YEAR if you use the set five hours a day. The set has a few problems that can definitely be overlooked for the price, but I feel should be known:1. The viewing angle is awful. You need to look at it dead-on, or colors start to go. Not a problem from close distances or if you can position it so that it will be watched dead-on.2. The TV angles slightly upward (I think < 5 Degrees), but I'm not sure exactly how much. I may have set it up wrong, but I wouldn't know that because it doesn't come with instructions on how to attach the base. I know Coby is a cheap brand, but come on!3. My unit had a glaringly obvious, bright green dead pixel, and the store I bought it from had a "no returns" policy. It isn't worth paying $50 to ship to and from Coby for a replacement, though. Obviously not a problem if purchased from Amazon, though it speaks somewhat of Coby's hit-or-miss quality control.4. Only 1 HDMI input (common problem for TVs this size). Excellent selection of other inputs for a TV this size though (1 AV, 1 Component, among others).5. The rear VGA port is hard to use. You need to angle in a VGA cord and screw in a single side first before the other can be screwed in. The TV is recognized as a 24", Coby-made set by default, and depending on how you're using the VGA port, you may not be able to get the correct resolution (1366x768; For a monitor of a computer running Ubuntu, a Linux-based OS, the best I could get was 1360x768).6. The TV produces different picture quality depending on the ports you use, and not in the way most would think. When using a 1080i source through the antenna/cable input, pictures appear a little painting-like. When using HDMI, they appear more natural.7. Weak speakers, but it is a 15" set and with so little room to put speakers in, that is expected. After adjusting to the sound, it is sounds surprisingly good.8. The power cord comes loose VERY easily. It won't fall out if you're keeping it in one place or just moving it slightly, but it sure isn't a tight fit.9. This is the big one. From everything I've heard, Coby itself more or less abandons you after the 3 months labor warranty is up (their 12 months parts warranty is meaningless). Because the set is so cheap, I don't think an extended warranty for more than 1-2 years is worth it though.10. The over-the-air and other TV tuners work well. You have to rescan completely if you want to find new channels (there is no option just to find new ones which is a bit disappointing), a disappointment as an antenna user. The worst problem if you use an antenna is that to see signal strength, you have to dig deep into the menus of the television.11. The black levels on this set are very unimpressive (this is a 15" set, and this was expected). Other colors are vibrant, though the set has trouble with some of them (especially reds and browns), producing a blocky appearance. It's tough to describe, but you'll notice it up close.12. The TV always has a blue light on at night. Oddly, you have the option to turn the light off from the remote when the TV is on, but not off.