I write this so someone esel can feel safe taking the plunge on PLASMA, and feel safe about a 720p as well.... this TV is fantastic so far.Ok, so I used to sell Mitsubishi back in the day when plasma was new, and yes they were nice, but they were also ten thousand dollars. The cinema experince of them was great tho, so much more depth than the new LCD, and much better black levels. And believe me, that makes a HUGE difference in overall picture quality.Well I have run 1080i on my Vizio 37" LCD tvs now for a few years, and was extremely satisfied with them. The picture was very vibrant and colorful etc.This TV is a FIFTY INCH.... and it blows the DOORS off the 1080p Vizio 37 inch I had in its place. The viewing distance didnt change, so its actually TOO close for a 50 inch, and its still just stellar. The red is a bit bright, but I know TV images and there is ZERO blooming ( fuzzy glow) to the reds  ot other high contrast images like whites and reds. Imagine white credits on a black screen... if they are hazy, contrast is bad, if they can remain very bright but still have crisp edges, you have yourself a very nice TV. Like this one.  There is full adjustment to picture and color temperature, the sound is pretty good, def nothing to complain about. Its a classy TV, piano black etc.I was VERY concerned about the 720p issue, and I have to tell you, the fact that its plasma seems to completely soak up that fact and make it disappear. Again, the look of PLASMA is far better than what I percieve on the 120Hz LCD models.  I was completely ready to have a bit worse picture quality to have a 50 inch in my living room, and it far surpasses my other tv's/ I seriously go to sleep watching my 1080i 37 in the bedroom ( hooked up to full hi def mind you)  and it looks like im watching a mobile audio sytle LCD monitor in the back of a car headrest in comparison. And just a few days ago, I thoght it was just great.Complaints? It is HEAVY.  Big time heavy. Its do able as one person, but Im a pretty big guy... otherwise its a 2 person gig to move it. Keep the box as you will need it to move it to a new place etc. And the fact that the cables attach behind the tv all the way to the left side sucks..... hard to hide cables that way.Im not a fan of the remote, but this TV is sick.ALSO: the SD card viwer.. very cool. It somehow ( I never read manuals anymore) blows up the images and displays my phone pictures ( 3.2 m pixel) in 50 inch with amazing clarity.. dont know if its upconverting them etc.. but they look friggin hi def too.. crazy.I looked hi n low, this was THE best deal avail, in town or otherwise.