I got a 60 inch NX 720 a few weeks ago. The brief summary is, despite doing a lot of research it exceeds my expectations.To me it was a value vs performance decision. Yes there are better TVs, like the Sony HX929, but at that time the largest model of those was the 55 inch one and more expensive. And of course then there are the just newly released Sharp ELITE TVs, probably the best TVs money can buy, but also at least twice as expensive. Either way I opted for the NX720, because I think all this technology will be outdated in 3 years anyway and it is not worth spending the extra money. Save those extra few thousand dollars for the next TV in 3 years.So what did I get? Well this TV replaces a 3 year old 40" Sony LCD flatpanel, so to me the 60 inches are plenty.Next the black levels. The HX929 differently than the NX720 has full array backlighting with local dimming LEDs, so of course the NX720 is not going to beat that. Still it is a huge step up from my previous TV and so good that I am very impressed. The NX720 uses local edge dimming and according to CNET reviews it is still among the best of the local edge dimming TVs. To also quote a salesperson from a local Sony store: He said he compared the NX720 and HX929 by standing them right next to each other, "pixel by pixel" and he just absolutely could not see a difference in picture quality. In summary, I am glad I did not spend the extra money for an HX929, just to get a smaller TV. The black levels are very good.The picture quality is great and with the 240 Hz refresh rate and the Motion Flow engine picture artifacts are a thing of the past, even fast animations are smooth. I say if you have 2500 to 3000 dollars to spend, depending on retailer I recommend taking a very close look at the NX720.Only possible catch is the 3D capability of the set. I personally do not care much about 3D and did not even buy the glasses, but heard this TV is not that strong when it comes to 3D. Might be true, might not. If you want good 3D capabilities, just do some more research, try it out in the local Sony store.About aesthetics, in my opinion this TV is the best looking one money can buy. It has a very elegant design and will add to your living room appearance. It looks great when running, just as it does when in standby.One more note, which should not influence you on your buying decision, but did surprise me. The 60 inch model might bevery slim and sleek, but it is very heavy. I recommend to lift and handle by not less than 2 grown ups.This TV weighs about 75 lbs with the stand mounted and 65 without it and has no grips or anything to hold on to when lifting.