I received the D7000 a week ago and thus far I have been blown away.Aesthetic Appeal: I love the look of the TV. It is razor thin compared to plasma models in the past and the small, charcoal colored bezel gives it a classy look. I previously had a Samsung 50 inch plasma and I was quite surprised that the D7000 at 51" is about 5 inches smaller (in width) than my previous TV (yet the screen size is actually bigger). They really have slimmed the bezel down in the last 3 years, which I think is pretty slick looking.Picture Quality: Superb. Awesome. Incredible. I cannot say it any clearer. Crisp, clean, vibrant images that leave my mouth dropping. Blu-ray is incredible. My daughter has some Tinkerbell movie on Blu-Ray and the picture quality is INCREDIBLE. I actually don't mind watching Tinkerbell anymore... I only have the TV on moderate brightness...I hear than giving the unit some "break-in" time is important. Still, the picture quality is great.DirectTV HD is also flawless. ESPNHD, FoxNews and even the Disney channel look amazing. 600 Hz for Sports is the way to go- none of this 240 Hz LED crap... Plasma is DEFINITELY the way to go for sports folks! 3D content is pretty sweet too (see update below).I did notice that the "Eco" setting does result in some random dimming of the image as previously stated by other reviews. I turned that fetcher off and everything is perfect.I actually went with the D7000 because of the "Real Black Filter" feature. I don't know if it makes a huge difference, but I do notice less glare than the previous model I had in a well lit room, and the blacks do look deeper and richer. Of course, this is a subjective thing...but I do consider myself a pretty tough critic.3D Quality: I watched Shrek in 3D right after hooking it up. I hate that damn movie, but it was pretty impressive in 3D. I have DirectTV and am still trying to figure out how to pipe the 3D channels to my TV...stay tuned. The 2D-to-3D feature is pretty cool too. It is not as good, dare I say, as Shrek on Blu-ray...but it is pretty cool and does a fair job.Sound: Quality is fine. It does seem to require a higher setting than my previous TV, which just means that you have more control over the intensity of sound.Features: There are 4 HDMI inputs in the rear of the TV. I have a blu-ray, DirectTV receiver and a computer hooked up to this puppy. The remote is the same remote that has come with the past few blu-ray models. Doesn't matter to me, as I use the DirectTV remote for everything. There are also a VGA input, Ethernet input, and component inputs. The SmartTV thing is interesting...still don't really care much about it. There are features to stream video content from your PC. The TV recognizes my PC, but I haven't had time to play with this.Overall, I'd give this thing 5 stars and would recommend to anyone. Amazon was great to deal with and it is by far the best price around. I got a 3D blu-ray, 3D starter kit and the TV for less than Best Buy was asking for just the TV.I'll keep this updated as time goes on...UPDATE #1: 3D and SportsAfter fiddling around, I figured out how the 3D works for DirectTV. DirectTV pipes it in in two feeds that can be viewed side-by-side when you turn to a 3D channel (e.g. ESPN 3D). On your samsung remote, push the 3D button and switch to overlay. It then takes the two feeds and overlays them, making it compatible with your Samsung TV 3D glasses.I have to say the 3D is pretty spectacular. I just watched the NBA finals in 3D and it was a blast. It does take some getting used to, and I bet would only be better as you have a bigger TV. It seriously looks like your looking out your window on center court. Very cool! I can't wait to see some college football with this thing!UPDATE #2: Buzzing sound & College FootballWe've had this puppy for five months or so and I haven't noticed any buzzing sound that last models reported. So FYI, looks like that problem is in the past. College football on ESPN is sweeeeeeet. 'Nuff said there!