I purchased this TV last week.  Although I have only used it for one week, it is a night-and-day difference from my smaller 32" LG HDTV I purchased in 2006.  This TV really lives up to the reviews I found on the net.  The picture is simply stunning...Deep blacks - this LCD rivals plasmas for its black levels.  Black levels are extremely important in an HD set, arguably one the most important features in determining its overall picture quality.  This thing puts out absolutely gorgeous black levels, very deep and "inky".  My old set had very poor black levels, never really going below a dark grey color.  As soon as I powered this Samsung set on, the difference (even right out of the box at factory settings) was drastic.  The 50,000:1 contrast ratio and 4ms response times add to the quality as well.  For a nice review detailing the picture, Google for CNET's review of the LN52A650 (the 52" version, same TV).  They called the picture one of the best LCDs they have ever reviewed.The 120hz mode works well, if you like the effect.  Personally, I do not like it at all.  It detracts from the film feel of a movie, and feels fake and processed.  When watching Discovery HD, HD sports or something like that, I could see how you may want to use it, but I prefer watching HD content as delivered.I have it paired with both a Toshiba HD-DVD player as well as a PS3.  Both pictures are just phenomenal, especially the PS3.  The 1080p resolution, combined with the 1080p/24 mode the PS3 outputs, is striking (yes, this TV does 1080p/24, Google it to learn more about why 1080p/24 is important).Overall, I cannot say that I have found much wrong with this TV.  During high motion camera pans or intense action I have notices some very minor "judder", but nothing that would prevent me from recommending this TV to everyone.As other reviewers have stated, this TV does have a red tint around the bezel (dubbed "Touch of Color" by Samsung).  I worried about this initially, as I prefer a single, black color to a bezel.  Don't let it fool you, the red is VERY subdued in the frame, really just more of a highlight than anything (and only apparent if you are looking for it, or if the light hits it just right).  I think it does make the TV look distinguished, and is something I started liking about 5 minutes after I saw it.  The best way to sum up the color is like a very, very deep red wine in a clear wine glass.  It looks black for the most part, with just a tinge of red when viewed at the right angle.  Being a wine fan (especially reds!) this makes it even more pleasing 'The sound is standard for an HDTV.  If you are watching TV, it works just fine.  Not the best sound from a TV, but nothing bad either.  Let's be honest - the sound is not why you would buy this set anyways.  Hook it up to a 5.1 receiver to match the great picture.The price has come down on this model considerably, with the announcement of Samsung's new line of HDTVs.  If you are trying to decide between this model and the a750, go for this one.  The 750 has the same specs, with more built in networking potential, recipes, etc.  Personally, I think those are just overkill and not needed anyways.  This TV does have an Ethernet port for getting live information from the Internet, though I haven't even tried it out, and may never.This set is just a pleasure to watch and you can configure it all day long.  Some sets suffer from being too "basic" when it comes to customizing the picture (brightness, contrast, color and not much else).  Not this one.  You can really tweak it all you want and change the picture to suit your palate.  I REALLY like the amount of choices you have when being able to adjust the picture.The remote does look kind of "kiddy" looking, but if you have a universal remote, you won't use it anyways.  The remote is never a deal breaker for me on TVs, and this one is no exception.  Some don't like the scroll wheel, which I can understand, but even if you don't want to use the scroll, it still functions like a standard remote by pressing up, down, left, right on the wheel anyways.As for connections, my old TV had two HDMI ports, which is just not enough.  This baby had 4 HDMI ports, 2 component inputs, VGA (for computer connections), a USB port, and Ethernet port - everything you'd need to connect it to pretty much anything you want.So overall, this TV has exceeded my expectations.  The picture quality looked even better at home than in the store.  If you are in the market for an HDTV that is a joy to watch, look no further.  I recommend this set highly.  I hope you will too!