To preface, this tv is a replacement for the UN55B8000 LED I had that malfunctioned.  So this review should provide a good perspective for those debating between LED and Plasma like I was.Overall, the PN59D6500 is an excellent tv.  It displays an amazing picture with deep blacks and beautiful colors.  It just has a few issues which keep it from being perfect.Picture: The picture is great, especially for my primary usage which is bluray movie watching.  In a dark environment watching a bluray movie I don't think any other tv out there can touch it.  It's like being in a state-of-the-art movie theatre but better.  The image is just so deep and rich.  Really awesome.  For this environment, it's no contest superior to the LED.During the daytime, it's a different story.  I would say that the picture is very very good, but it's just not as bright as an LED.  The whites on it are dull in comparison and you just don't get that pop that is easy to see at any Best Buy when you have a plasma next to an LED.  So for this reason, if your primary interests are day time tv watching or sports, you may want to consider the LED.  Not to say this tv isn't still great during the day.  I watched some hockey on ESPN and the ice still looks plenty bright and white.Gaming: I have to give the edge to the Plasma here.  Again it's not quite as bright as LED but it just presents a superior image with richer color.  I thought God of War 3 looked great on the LED but on plasma it's just incredible.  Feels like you're playing the movie 300 or something.3D Movies: I think the 3D on this tv is a great added feature.  Now that they are giving away the glasses for free, everyone should be excited about it.  However, it's an added feature, for me, not a reason to buy this tv.  The reason for this is that while watching a 3D movie is awesome, it's not perfect technology.  The sense of depth is awesome, but the image is too dim and there is noticeable flickering.  I see this as something that will be cool to watch for those special big budget fx films (Avatar, Tron) but definitely not going to take the place of standard 2D viewing.  I tried the 3d on Sony TV and it had equivalent amount of flickering.  LG 3d doesn't have as much flickering but the picture is not nearly as good.3D Gaming: Also very cool but the technology is not up to par here.  This isn't the tv's fault.  PS3 is just not ready to deliver the goods here yet.  In order for it to process 3D it has to cut the game's resolution in half.  The difference is very noticeable, especially on a giant screen like this.  Playing Killzone 3 3D, which is the flagship 3D title, the sense of depth totally enhances the game experience.  The first time you line up your sight and feel like your target is yards away is really something.  It's only afterward you notice that the graphics look like crap.  The half resolution makes everything in the picture look jaggy, pixelated, and slightly shimmery.  Almost like you're suddenly playing a Wii game.  Again, it's still fun to try but I look more forward to seeing the 3D that PS4 can do.Buzzing:  The number one complaint of plasmas, particularly samsungs, is that they have an issue with buzzing noise.  Supposedly that was fixed on 2011 models.  Well, it's still there, slightly.  But it's faint.  And only when the screen is completely black or mostly dark (like movie credits or night scenes).  When this happens you notice the rise of a high pitched buzz.  It's not very loud, not as loud as the ps3 fan.  But it's high pitched so it cuts through everything else.  Because it doesn't happen most of the time and it's not very loud, I have decided to live with the issue and usually will forget about it.  A minor annoyance.Of course, that brings me to why I got this tv in the first place which is that the UN55B8000 I had had the well known problem of flashlighting in the corners.  This caused a terrible black level and screen unevenness.  Samsung Service was diligent and very professional about addressing my problem.  On the 3rd service call they brought me a whole new panel.  The new panel had the same problem but even worse.  I was surprised when they called me and said they would give me a full refund.  So nice job to Samsung service dept.I never got a useable LED tv so if you do decide to go that way, make sure you get one with no flashlighting.Overall, I definitely recommend the plasma over the LED.  It just has a better picture, especially for watching bluray movies.  If you don't care about that and mainly watch daytime television and sports, you may want to consider the brighter picture of the LED.