After 25 years with our old tube TV's, we decided it was time (probably past time!) for us to make the switch to a flat screen HDTV. As with many things these days, the shear number of choices is bewildering, and it's hard to figure out where to start the search. The internet is overflowing with reviews and recommendations, but you can easily get trapped in "analysis paralysis" with the amount of information that is available. Still, it was worth reading the reviews to see which TV's were considered worthwhile, and which weren't. The Samsung LCD HDTV's had high marks overall, as did a few other brands. Once we had some information to guide us, we set out to narrow down the choices.We spent about a year casually looking at HDTV's. We weren't in a rush to buy one, and we had a $1000 budget to adhere to. Whenever we made a trip to Sam's Club, Best Buy, etc., we would often do a quick view of the TV's on display, and one thing always stood out: the Samsungs had a picture that was always as good as any other brand, if not better, at least to our eyes. So we decided on finding the right Samsung for our situation. We planned on putting the TV in a small room, with our sofa approximately eight feet away. Due to the relatively close viewing distance and our price range, a 40" or 46" screen would fit the bill.When we first considered the Samsung 40" LCD early in 2011, it was selling for $799 on Amazon and elsewhere. But then LED HDTV's were coming down in price as well, and we waited to see which would be the best play in the quality/value equation. With January and February traditionally being good months for a TV purchase, we decided to make our choice early in 2012. The LN40D630 had dropped in price to a wallet-friendly $649, and, since the comparable Samsung LED model was $200 more, we opted for the LCD HDTV. Additionally, since the thin design of flat screen TV's necessitates compromises in regards to speaker design and sound quality, we decided to pick up a Samsung HW-D450 AudioBar (a speaker bar with wireless subwoofer) for $249. The savings on the cost of the TV allowed us to purchase a Samsung BD-D5300 Blu-ray player as well.Why did we go with all Samsung products? Compatibility was the main reason, along with the need for fewer remotes. The TV remote can control the basic DVD functions - Play/Pause/Stop/FF/Rewind. The TV is connected to the sound bar with an optical cable, and the sound is great. Is it the best sound? Probably not. Is it as good as surround sound? No. Are we satisfied with the sound? Yes! It is a massive improvement over the TV speakers.When turned on, the Samsung Blu-ray player also automatically powers on the TV, which then automatically turns on the sound bar. Pushing one "power on" button instead of three is a nice feature.The LN40D630 has an outstanding picture. Whether watching broadcast HD signals or Blu-ray discs, the color, contrast, and resolution are fantastic. As for the much-maligned Auto Motion Plus (AMP)feature, there are times when it improves the picture dramatically, and times when it doesn't, just as with other manufacturers' motion-compensating features.If you don't like the "Soap Opera Effect" that AMP can give to film-based sources, simply turn it off, or set AMP to the "Custom" setting with Blur set to "2" and Judder set to "4". This will provide a more film-like image, instead of looking like live video.If you are watching a Blu-ray and noticing a lot of Judder (the jerky movement on the screen that is most visible when the camera is panning horizontally across the scene), we find it best to set AMP to the "Clear" setting or to "Off". When in the "Off" setting, people and objects that are moving will be less sharp, but we find this less distracting than the jerky movements caused by Judder.Regarding the complaints about power supplies and capacitors that go bad in a year or two, well, we suppose time will tell. At the time of purchase we did not opt for an extended warranty.To sum up, in our opinion the Samsung LN40D630 LCD HDTV is a great buy. Set up was easy, and 1080p resolution at 120Hz makes for a stunning picture. Does it have all of the latest bells and whistles? No. Is it the best LCD HDTV out there? Maybe not. But for $650 or less, the combination of features, value and stunning Samsung picture make for a great TV.We hope you find this review helpful!