After looking and reviewing many TVs ...I was settled on the Samsung D8000 series...The toughest part was deciding was the size.I am glad I saved the $400 because this TV will probably get replaced sooner than expected after spending a good penny.Forgive me in advance if I am speaking some ignorance here - but the TV comes with no printed manual - you have to use the "e-manual" on the TV to learn what it can and cannot do. The "printable" manual on Samsung's site is the same e-manual...and it's hard to navigate without a lot of detail.Picture Quality: 5-starsThe display quality is amazing. I have had a few LCDs and nothing compares to the quality of this plasma. I have done some basic calibration and don't have that "it's not right" feeling. I know that a spider or similar product can get it closer, but each channel and source is good-enough that I am not tempted to change it every time.Tuning: 3-starsI can adjust 100 different colors, tints, brightness, contrast, etc. Almost everything I could imagine to get this doing what it is suppose to. The dings are: Color Calibration Screen - It only appears when you select it...then goes away when you try to adjust the color settings...WHAT'S THE POINT? Why are some features greyed out!? and...why can't I have multiple custom calibrations? Day/night/DVD/Bluray/etc? Fortunately the color is good enough that I don't have to.Features - Internet Widgets: 2-starsThese are bogus. This would receive a 1-star if I didn't have Netflix/Hulu/AllShare. They work quite well - especially Allshare. I use PlayOn/PlayLater for DVR of shows. It plays them seamlessly and does not require my GoogleTV anymore. Everything else is just useless bling. They are SLOW and cluttered. The Web browser is useless and far from integrated. It takes 5-minutes to do a Google search and has limited integration. The remote is suppose to make it easier, but good luck trying to figure out when you can use the remote controll to type or requires the directional pad to type one-letter at a time using a phone-pad style keyboard. The Social TV is painful - your facebook app looks like something out of the original Nintendo, the GoogleTalk is a guessing game..and shows every contact you ever had. No quick feature to find people you may want to chat with....Then... it only works when it is active taking up 90% of the screen. These applications and widgets DO NOT RUN IN THE BACKGROUND. The Yahoo-Hotapps - useless - why do I have to select widgets that I would expect to be instant when I have to click on each one to find out what the temperature is, or what's ending on ebay? Where's my email?General Settings and Configs - 1-starHDMI-CEC/Anynet+ - Awesome feature...HORRIBLE implementation by Samsung. I turn my TV on and it changes my stereo off the HDMI signal that the TV is plugged into, requiring me to change it back manually every time.HDMI-CEC/Anynet+ - Can control my stereo and shut it off autmatically....but no option to auto-turn on...requiring manual power-on...then it changes the source...Why is there not a simple option!?Audio Return Channel - Great idea - I can plug all my sources into my TV. That way I have no issues with running 3D. BUT, Samsung will only output 2.1 audio through ARC (audio return channel). If you want 5.1, you have to run toslink ...and I am not ever sure if that will work as expected.Please note: if you have OTA digital channels - it will output 5.1 to your AV-Receiver..but that's it.Picture-in-Picture - Another nice feature...but will only output OTA signals...you cannot change it. That's the only option you get. You cannot play PS3 and watch football.Might I add, some of the applications crash periodically, causing the TV to freeze, create some sort of unhandled error, and then reboot. *shrug*These are the type of lack-luster-features that I would expect from a Chinese iPod clone. It plays music great, but doesn't resume where you left off, the shuffle plays the same list each time, the digital-out control only works on 5.1 recorded music...etc.If you're looking for a great picture..you can't go wrong here. If you're concerned about the "extras" ..this is not the TV you're looking for. I suspect and hope that Samsung will improve many of these issues, but if Samsung development process is anything like their phones...I am not holding my breath - I know I will simply have to buy the next years model to get the fixes needed.Support SammyGo - They are going to the be saving grace to this disaster product.The review sites out there did not have the TV long enough to appreciate the nuances - If I had to do it again, I would take a serious look at the Panasonics to see if they have a more mature product.