This KDL46HX820 Bravia is absolutely wonderful.  I got it very quickly through Amazon's great shipping department (3 days after ordering it).  It took a total of 10 minutes to unpack, attach the base, and make it through the setup process.  Linking my Netflix and Amazon streaming video was a snap also.  The sound is very good, for just using the TV speakers alone.  I am going to set it up with a home theater system as soon as I decide on witch one to buy.  I have an LG sound-bar that I used on the Samsung TV that this one replaced, but I want to go for a true home theater system.  I did not run into any problems with the picture quality, in fact, the 2D system is the best that I have ever had (I have not used the 3D yet, and probably won't for a while, though I did get one pair of Sony active 3D glasses with it.  The local dimming has shown no problems that were reported in some of the reviews for this set.  This is the second Sony TV that I have owned, the other one was a rear projection 50" that I purchased some 5 years ago and that I replaced with the Samsung LED TV that this one replaced.  My experience with that TV was not as good as this one, and I was a little apprehensive when I first ordered it.  I am glad I chose to ignore some of the reviews that had been posted that gave it poor marks for the local dimming and am glad I did.  I would highly recommend this TV to anyone wishing to have a 46" class TV.  I am confident that it will last me a very long time.UPDATE after a month and a half of using it:  I paired this TV with Sony HT-CT150 3D Sound Bar System a week or more after I installed the TV.  The Bravia TV has performed well beyond my expectations.  With the addition of the sound bar it has made it a true joy to watch.  Being mostly home bound, due to medical issues, I had not been watching TV as much as one would think, but now I am watching this TV 6 to 7 hours a day and enjoying it.  I love the smooth integration with my home network and being able to use the Qriocity, Netflix, and Amazon Prime video streaming applications.  The picture remains to be the best quality that I have ever experienced and with the addition of the sound-bar (my home is too small for a full blown home theater system) it has been even better.  I have had absolutely zero problems with the system.  This was a fantastic buy from Amazon, and I would strongly recommend it to anyone who has limited space and who really enjoys great movies and TV shows.  It was a nobrainer setting up and I am convinced that I will have years of great viewing on it.  The 3D is the best I have ever seen in a home unit and I am hoping that more 3D streaming becomes available soon.  If you want a great viewing and listening system with extremely simple set up this is the one for you!