I had just bought a Panasonic TV and it died within 2 weeks.  Replacement lasted an hour.  My office mate had 2 Panasonics arrive dead over the holidays.  We were looking for something better (!).  This Samsung is it.  Following is a comparison to the Panasonic.The picture, to me is better than the Panasonic.  And this thing is *huge*.  We have people sitting off to the side and the picture is good from off-axis.This TV can talk back-and-forth with a home studio sound system, but you need to use an optical cable to send the TV sound back (the Panasonic did this just over the HDMI).  This isn't very clear in the manual that it's required.  But once hooked up, the TV will switch to the external sound automatically.  If I switch off the stereo, the TV auto switches to its speakers.Samsung's internet TV looks way more mature.  It has "apps" that provide substantially better content offerings than Panasonic.  The Panasonic has the staples - Netflix, Vudu, etc, but with Samsung you can download and configure a *lot* of extra apps (many/most are free).  This is a major plus.  Samsung has a local user account on the TV, and each account maintains its own password to the various sites (like Pandora).  You select the user and that picks the associated login/passwords.The one big negative for Samsung is that it doesn't support a USB keyboard.  WTF?  The Panasonic TV did and if you're planning to do any internet searching, you would definitely appreciate a USB keyboard.  I'm counting on Samsung to address this in some firmware update because this really takes away from the experience, entering letters like texting on a phone!  If you're not searching on Youtube, it probably isn't that big of a deal.  This cost an otherwise great TV one star in my book.The menus are all pretty intuitive.  I actually added a coax splitter to use the cable direct in addition to the digital cable box and it found a *lot* of digital tv channels my cable company box didn't provide.  I only use the cable box for scrambled channels now.  You need to figure out if your cable company uses IRC or HRC channel mode (call them or use trial-and-error).The Samsung allows connection to your PC (!!).  There is a downloadable samsung app for the PC to manage the shares, but it does *not* support a remote USB drive.  However, I found on the net that if you create a junction/link on the PC to the drive, you can make the drive look local and then the Samsung software will see the files.  However, I still never got the TV to see them with this (using Windows Vista 32).  The connections are there, but the TV can't see the files.  My guess is that I have too many of them.  There is another way though, and that's using Windows Media Player DLNA mode (which supports both pushing and pulling file streams) and Samsung supports DLNA.  My understanding is the push technology (send music or video from PC to your TV) is pretty easy so I'm trying that next.  So with this, you're TV becomes a nice remote playback unit!Note that you need to buy a wireless adapter to use internet - or, I just ran the Cat-5 cable.  It's less convenient but guarantees the fastest speeds, and if you're streaming videos, that's what you need.  I never got my home wireless to connect at 802.11n. It's easy to run a long wire in the basement.The TV supports using HDMI information sharing, so if you have HDMI devices connected to it, they all try to "do the right thing".  Note that the manuals suggest that you need only Samsung devices, but that's not true.  My Onkyo receiver and Panasonic Blu-ray all respond and interact with the Samsung TV(and the TV displays messages as if it's talking to smart compatible Samsung devices!).  It's just the HDMI format and just make sure all the units have it enabled.