Although you can read all you want what the masses have to say about a product, one must own and experience a particular item to really appreciate WHAT is being said. And although I am not in complete "Awe", this Sony Bravia KDL-46XBR4 is everything that it claims to be. 120hz Picture quality, color saturation, and High Def images are all beyond the norm, with accurate color depth, consistent performance and beyond average on HDMI 1.3 input source depiction. My Sony PS3 as well, seems to excel on visual clarity with it's picure quality with this monitor, not just because their manufacture sources match, but even with a typical 420p DVD, the upscaling is sublime I must say. I believe there is upscaling performance on both the PS3 end as well as the Sony Bravia Engine Pro on the monitor end, so on both ends you have performance enhancement. As well, as expected, the Blu-Ray Source achieves equally impressive, beyond lifelike imagery, although I believe that this technology, believe or not is still limited, in that as we all know, Blu-Ray with full 120Hz/96 is not utilized in it's full potential on most Blu-Ray Titles as of yet, as I quote a noteable review, "No (very few) xvYCC films are currently available, and we expect the first such xvYCC-enabled content to come in the form of video games". Blu-Ray and the new HDMI 1.3 are young, such as it is not widely available in the highest level of it's full capacity. Not canning anything, but still not to be dismissed as an average hi-def monitor mind you, but this Sony XBR4 provided me full on as much as I can tell you. I am very impressed.You can be one of those person's with all the techno buzz words that can praise or kill Sony XBR 4 vs Samsung 6 series, with contrast ratios blazing specs, all I can say, screen glare factor on this Sony XBR4 vs Samsung-81F series is a noted issue and one must understand that ANY source of light on the Samsung will cause a irritating reflection, this will be the discerning factor in making that choice. In be it, I opted for this Sony for that reason alone. My viewing room is fully lined with half-length windows...a sunroom, and it has no problem with it's mattel screen viewing...none whatsoever!And also I must add that my choice for the XBR4 vs XBR5 was finially decided in that a single digit advantage was not worth $800+, being XBR5 offers the addition of the piano black finish and theatre sync (only applicable with Sony Recievers's mind you) and the option on this XBR4 had a option color bezel in 5 colors, WOW, broke that decision right there. BTW, the stock color with glass bezel is cool on it's own, believe me. Also, for some reason the Sony Remote does not operate my PS3 as a DVD Player, they MUST have something to fix this, but as usual they play stupid, the only problem I have had mind you.Okay, no techno babble here, but babble I do, sorry. But this is just an honest home-spun opinion. A noteworthy fact, HDMI 1.3 specific cable jargon, here we go, concerning is it not especially important to have a cable that is branded 1.3 specific...I hate to say it, but there IS a difference in that I wired in-wall a typical high end HDMI cable and then compared it with, in this instance, a Sony HDMI 1.3 cable direct input with this specific cable and compared to the two, fiddled with settings and compared to the two with my highly acute visual senses, and I hate to say it, but there IS a difference in that the high-end xyv color. This brande so called "Deep Color" is vastly noteworthy and well I was skeptical of the cable issue as are many. Honestly, it took me 3 visits to the store to give in on this, but this proved it's importance to me. The Sony cable was much less expensive than say the M---R brand, so that is worth taking note of. I hated to mention that, being I scanned the blogosphere on this issue for months before my purchase, noting the opinions of many that there was NO difference. Thus my short-sightedness in imbedding it my walls the typical HDMI cable, believe me I am not happy, but is just MY observation. It is not incredibly important though, just noteworthy. This HDMI 1.3 protocol is for "future" Blu-Ray and PS3 gaming and I suppose HD photo which would benefit the most from this, but only if you direct wire it with this cable, not a daisy chain I believe. Please be in no hurry to change-over, very few titles out to utilize this, but that is an issue I chose to address. Oh yes, another minor issue, I would recommend if you settle on one size of screen, consider the next size up that is in the back of your head, or save you packing material, please consider. If possible,  do that bigger option if you "HAVE ROOM!" and can afford it, believe me I made a minor mistake between the 46" and 52", and chose the lesser. This even complies with the "Master Control", the better half, which agrees after my scourging of that issue upon my preliminary decision making...just a heads up.To wrap it up, this Sony XBR4 is very pleasing to the eye in itself and in it's picture quality, what else matters. The picture excels as mentioned, and the surround sound is very good well, you will have your Home Theatre Surround Stereo turned off most of the time for normal viewing and I must say, the New Toy WOW factor seems to linger on so far, new toys has such a short WOW factor anymore...huh! Enjoy~!