This is the most wonderful yet impractical purchase I have ever made. Samsung did a great job on this one. The first impression is that your living room has become a movie theater. Yet this home cinema is without a doubt a totally unnecessary luxury. Having said that let me share with you a few useful remarks that'll help set your expectations.Attributes & pointers:1- Picture Quality: it is so awesome you can see a blemish on someone's face as if they were standing in front of you. You can see every drop of sweat on Kobe's (Lakers!) biceps with such definition; you would think he is playing in your living room. You get the point...2- Watching Movies: you need a DVD player with upconverting capability to watch movies in full HD (1080p) - under $1003- Computer Monitor: you need HDMI-DVI cable [$5 or less] & 1/8' miniplug to red & white RCA cable [$10-25] to transform your TV to a computer monitor which operates in full HD (1080p). It only works with "HDMI in1" port. The shock effect here is beyond any considerations especially if you tend to use your computer to watch video. Note: I have not tried the DVI-15pin video + 3.5 mm M/M audio connection to compare, but it can not be better since I am getting 1080p resolution in my current HDMI-DVI configuration.4- Cable/Dish: you need a cable box (or dish receiver) [$10-15 monthly] with HDMI port in order to take full advantage of the HD channels. The TV has an aerial port but it is poor quality in comparison. In addition, component video and DVI connections from cable box to TV are also poor quality compared to HDMI.5- Non-HD TV channels: this TV has DNIe technology chip with converts the standard TV (non-HD) channels from 480i to 1080i resolution, which is awesome. No other brand has this kind of capability. It might be 18 months or more before the standard TV channels start broadcasting in HD. Meanwhile everyone else is painfully tracking the movements of an object on other brand LCD panels and you're watching it in movie theater quality. No visibly flying pixels in Samsung land so far!6- HDMI cables: to connect your cable box or DVD player to your TV you need an HDMI-HDMI cable. These cables are one of the biggest scams on the market. Belkin & monster cables are selling them for $70-150 for a 6 feet cable. You can find the equivalent for $2 (Inspire Electronics- an Amazon seller). I mean it, and they work as good. You won't know the difference; I guarantee it. I own both the $100 & $2 cables and I use them interchangeably. Man, the mercantilism.7- Sound: the TV panel comes with true built-in surround sound. I am happy with its quality. I know it is not as good as a bulky surround with multiple speakers over which kids can trip or two good neighbors may easily fight; but it is mighty good.Drawbacks:1- if you are reading this, then you are already on the right track in choosing a TV. However, it takes a fair amount of research to get here.2- after purchase, you have to have some technology savvy and willingness to spend few hours in research and shopping for equipment to fully transform your new TV into a home theater/computer monitor.3- THE MISSING STAR: (Picture in Picture) this TV only has a single NTSC tuner, which means it runs one HD source at a time. You cannot see two TV channels in HD simultaneously or use the TV as a computer monitor and still watch HDTV at the same time. However, there is a solution to that. You may re-install your radio frequency (RF) cable from your cable box (RF out) to the TV (RF in). This way, while using your TV as a computer monitor, you can watch a TV channel using old-fashioned standard TV quality.4- we know nothing about this TV's longevity. this is one of the latest Samsung rollouts, and no one knows whether it'll live for 5 months or 5 years. My old SDTV lasted 9 years. I doubt it will be the same this time.5- there are no full HD (1080P) channels on Comcast cable TV yet. There are few 1080i channels like espn & TNT and your local news blablabla and subscription sports packages but no 1080p channels, none. It might take until 2009 until you can see those. Essentially when it comes to full HD you can only see it watching movies from your DVD player or while using the TV as a computer monitor.Overall, wonderful yet completely unnecessary upgrade to your media experience.UPDATE 10/16/07:TV still running impeccably; no problems at all. sound is good & everything and the image ah! as good as it gets. Calibrating an HDTV has proven to be a real challenge though. this is not specific to samsung however. One additional drawback, the TV is slow to respond to the remote, and sometimes you have to click twice in order to execute. no big deal, a universal remote is needed for most entertainment systems anyway.Note: there is plenty of contrast on this TV. no need for the additional expense to get the 4065!