Alright then,  I have had Our New Vizio 55 inch (Model M550SV) for about a month now and Feel its time to Rate it.Overall I would have to say that it is tough to Beat Vizio on Qaulity to Price. I have owned several Vizio TV's now and have Never had a Problem. Which has not been the case of so many others I Have talked to about thier purchases. Several Friends have purchased various other brands in the last few years and at least half have had major problems occur shortly after the warrenty period.Now for the Details.I can not imagine a better picture when fed a True HD signal (although even Most Non HD DVD's Look Great) . It may require a little tweeking of the settings to adjust to Your liking but it will perform.But as is the Case with ALL Large True HD TV's, Non HD material is going to leave a LOT to be desired. I knew this going into the world of Large 1080P TV's. That Older TV material and lower grade feeds like a VCR or older game consoles are going to kinda look like Crap. There is Sadly No way around it. For those of us Old enough to now how bad TV could be when an antenna signal was to weak on UHF stations this wont be to much of a problem. But Younger Purchasers who have only known cable might be put off.As with so many new sets you have to turn off the (in this case the "Smooth motion effect") setting found under the advanced setting of picture. It will drive you Nuts. For more on this look up Soap opera effect on google to learn more.I have NO idea why they even have this effect since I have NEVER been able to watch anything from any source that it didnt ruin the viewing of.Now for the "So I would buy this TV Again but I wish this was Better" Stuff.The Remote for this TV Sucks.  No way around it. You dont buy a TV for the Remote but you will spend a LOT of time holding it and Sadly this one should be better. But Do not Fear. I spent a day or two shaking my head, Thinking.... Wow. they had such nice, easy to use Remotes on the older sets. Who designed this one, and how he Should be Fired for such Junk engineering. when I thought Gee, I wounder if the Old Remote will work on this TV..... YUP it did.  Not only did it work but it was able to do things that the included new one couldnt. Stuff they for some reason thought you woudnt want?like screen down sizing. which comes in VERY handy when you want to watch something you have from the old days like a converted VHS TO DVD family movie that looks like crap on the full screen but gets MUCH better when down sized to half screen. or ability to just push a button to go to tv or hdmi verses this included remotes need to go to a screen and scroll down and pick an input, or freeze the picture. All of which you can do if you get ahold of an older remote.I could go on about how the buttons are small and in bad places or how the remote has no hourglass shape to hold onto, but I think the point is made.So moving on.  Inputs. Didnt keep me from setting up the TV, But WHY in the world are they Not centered on the back of the unit. and facing down. Rather than being high up on the left side and facing out. You need an extra Foot and a half of HDMI cable to just plug in no matter how you are using the TV. I (as I expect MANY Really do) have the TV set up on a TV entertainment center Table using its base. (Wall mounting seems great till you Really thing about it and the wireing and moving options)Even still you want the inputs to be in the most central location for the shortest and least amount of cable clutter behind the unit.Also this unit ONLY has 1 Component/AV input. In my case I had to use an AV switching block to connect the NON HDMI units that we wanted to use. (XBOX, Game Cube, Ect) I understand that they are thinking forward on this stuff, But there are still a Lot of Recent things that still only use AV inputs.But I did in the end manage to get everything working if with a little effort, so I cant Dis to much.So, Pick this TV for the Picture Qaulity, Longevity, and Price. But Live with the Bad Remote and Poor input location and choices. (but find an older Vizio remote... Vur5 I think is the model) and you Shouldnt be disapointed.