My previous tv (which I sold off already, regrettably) was a Panasonic th-42pz80u.  This was my first step into the wonderful world of plasma tv's & I have nothing but praise for it.  I recently decided that I wanted to squeeze the largest tv I could fit into my entertainment armoire & considering how much I loved my old tv I figured it was a safe bet to stick with the Panasonic brand.Immediately after turning the st30 on & popping in Planet Earth on Blu Ray for a test run I was extremely happy with both the new size of screen in front of me & the fantastic picture quality.  I played around some more, tweaking the picture & features on my new set & decided to start watching some of my select Blu Rays that don't have letterboxing.  I read somewhere that it's best to watch movies that take up the whole screen for the first 100 hours or so of a new plasma.  I'm no tech head so I just do what I'm told.  :pNot long into watching "Starship Troopers" I noticed my first flicker, or fluctuation.  Every time the film made a cut there was an adjustment in brightness that came a half second later.  I began rewinding it over & over & couldn't believe my eyes.  After the awful flickering in the beginning I continued to watch & noticed it happening throughout, though not as bad as the start of the film.  I've watched a few movies since then, such as - Sin City (noticeable but not terrible), LotR Fellowship of the Ring (noticeable but not terrible), & OH MY GOD Final Fantasy: Advent Children.  Final Fantasy was just unwatchable with flickering all over the place.  For those who don't know, Final Fantasy is entirely computer animated which might have something to do with it being so noticeable.  I would expect the Pixar films to behave just as poorly but I can't say for certain.I started researching & discovered that the fluctuating brightness (or "FBr") is not an unusual phenomenon.  Just google "panasonic fluctuating brightness" & read up on it.  The forum "high def junkies" is a good place to start as they have been discussing it in depth for a while.I haven't lost all hope yet!  There has been talk of Panasonic sending out a firmware upgrade to their Spanish customers on a case-by-case basis that actually FIXES this problem!  Or at least adjusts it so the fluctuation isn't visible to the naked eye.  I'm keeping my fingers crossed that this firmware makes it stateside so I can begin enjoying my tv.  If that happens I will definitely change my rating of 1 to a 5 star.  I'll be keeping my eye on that 30-day return date in the meantime, however.********EDIT**************After emailing Panasonic & starting a case with them I waited patiently for an email or a phone call, but after a month none came.  I kept up with the community on high def junkies & eventually discovered that Panasonic had started sending local repair guys out with a new A-Board, or if you're one of the lucky few a much simpler fix was available if a Panasonic employee could come to your house.  I called Panasonic to see what the status on my case was, only to find out they had closed my case without any kind of notification.  Jerks.  The person I spoke with on the phone was apologetic & knew exactly what I was talking about when I brought up fluctuating brightness.  I was FINALLY getting somewhere.  Within a week of that phone call they sent the replacement A-Board to my local repair shop & I had an "FBr" free tv!For those curious, they did have to take apart my tv.  After watching that terrifying ordeal it was just a simple unplug-this plug-in-that & they were done.  VERY happy overall.After the fix this is easily a 5-star tv in my book.  I'm a little conflicted on showering it with nothing but praise, however.  I didn't exactly buy this tv day-1 of it's release & it took them this long to even acknowledge there was a terrible defect in a large number of their sets.For those few who complain about picture quality I will agree that right out of the box the picture quality doesn't really jump out at you, but after buying a calibration disc & tweaking the custom settings it really looks amazing.  Easily the best in its price range.In short - if you're on the fence about this set, don't be.  If you're unlucky & get one that was built before they had this fix installed, Panasonic will handle it!