So i just got this tv today and i gotta say i love this model. FYI this model i'm reviewing is the non 3D model.its a slim LED tv that was very simple to set up. once you've hooked up all your cables, it'll start setup once you put the batteries in the magic remote and power on the tv. oh and the buttons on the tv are touch sensitive!once the tv is on it'll ask for input via the remote controller thats packaged with it. you just follow the setup all the way to the end and boom all done!this model tv has wifi ready, so once your done with the initial setup and you've entered your wifi info, do a system update wirelessly, just hit the  "my apps" button on the remote and go to settings and go to i believe the last icon on the bottom of the list, and it should say software update or something along those lines, but its simple to find. the update itself took about 5 - 8 minutes i believe? dont quote me on that, but at minimum 5min, well for me at least. after you've updated, you can now use any apps that were preinstalled onto the tv. i tested Facebook on this, and its very barebones. after you've activated your Facebook via a computer and added the activation code, your able to post comments, like posts, watch user videos, and see your newsfeed. it's pretty much all there if say you can't be on the computer at the moment, but it in no way is a replacement of your computer or smartphone app of facebook. they also have netflix, and skype if you bought an lg webcam to be attached to your tv. it also comes with cinema now. all these apps are pretty simple to activate.i personally dont see myself really using the apps all that much, but its nice that they are there. now i'm still learning how to use this new set, i've went into picture wizard 2, where i choose how the picture will look like, for example, having the picture experience be a warmer tone or a cooler tone, it helps you adjust brightness, contrast, sharpness etc, than allows you to save the settings you just created to just one input or several inputs that you can check off or not. i thought that was a pretty cool feature.i'm not a fan of 120hz tv's, and this is one of those tv's. for me its like watching someone on tv as if i'm watching it live, you know? so far i haven't found the setting to shut off 120hz and put it to 60hz, i gotta tinker with it some more.the remote control is kind of iffy for me. i mean it works. its kind of like the nintendo wii's remote only your constantly adjusting this magic remote. i do like that you give it a good shake towards the tv and it auto adjusts to the center of the screen. but once you move out of the ranger of the tv you have to readjust it again. BUT there is an LG app for smartphones where you download it to ur phone and than you can actually use your smartphones touch screen to move the magic remotes cursor, i thought that was an ingenius idea, and i kind of like that a lil more than using the remote, it even gives you volume and channel controls on ur smart phone!another lil feature is that you can easily program the magic remote to work with your cable box. i have time warner, so after choosing the model of the cable box and the company (time warner) i'm able to use the magic mouse when watching cable tv. the guide/menu buttons that are on ur cable remote pop up on screen on the tv, so if you have a dvr you dont need your cable remote after doing the setup, all the buttons are on the top or bottom of the screen! that was pretty cool.all in all, i'm very happy with this new tv. its slim, sleek, great power saving options(its energy star certified) and for what i paid (699.99) i get a lot for my dollar.