Initial Impressions:After comparing this TV to the 550-series equivalent, I decided to go with the 650 for its better contrast ratio and 120 Hz Auto Motion Plus feature.  The glossy screen also looks better assuming you can place the TV in such a way as to avoid glare.  I have four windows in my living room, and so far have not had any problems with glare.  The picture quality is just gorgeous.  The colors are vibrant and the blacks are more true than on any LCD I've ever seen.  The default backlight setting was a bit too bright and caused some eye strain when watching in an otherwise dark room, so I turned it down a few notches.  For a while, I debated getting a 40" screen, but ultimately decided on the 46" and am glad I did.  It's like having a window into the movie, rather than being aware that you are watching it on a TV.  The Auto Motion Plus feature helps sometimes, but other times it can be too distracting (as others have said, it makes everything look like a soap opera).  I keep it on low when it looks nice, and switch it off otherwise.  One minor annoyance is that the AMP feature is buried under a few layers of the menu, so it takes some effort to switch it on and off.  A shortcut button on the remote would have been nice.The WiseLink feature is nice in theory, but attempting to view a slideshow of 7-megapixel photos from a USB flash drive was painfully slow.  It took several seconds to load each photo, and the TV does not automatically rotate photos that contain rotation flags in their metadata.  Plus the awkward remote (which others have mentioned) makes it tedious to navigate through the slideshow.  It's easier to just hook up my computer via HDMI and view the slideshow that way.  Be aware that you can buy high-quality HDMI cables for dirt cheap. I got a 25-foot DVI-to-HDMI cable to connect my computer to the TV for $20 and it works perfectly. There is no reason to buy Monster Cables or any other "premium" brand.Delivery:I placed the order from Amazon on a Thursday evening, and the TV was delivered the following Wednesday around noon by CEVA.  They gave me a 4-hour delivery window (10 AM to 2 PM), but there was really no way I could take that much time off from work, so I asked them to make sure the driver would call me about half an hour before he arrived at my apartment.  Turns out he only called me 10 minutes in advance.  Luckily, I only work about 10 minutes from home, so I rushed over and found them waiting for me.  They brought the TV in, unpacked it, set it up, turned it on and made sure it was working.  Although they could have taken the packaging away, they suggested that I keep it for a few days until I was sure there were no problems with the TV, which was fine since I knew of a nearby cardboard recycling drop-off.Customer Service:Within the first week after my purchase, the price of the TV dropped by $60.  I sent an email to Amazon through their customer service web site, and within 5 minutes I had received a confirmation that my price-guarantee credit would be issued immediately.  Couldn't have been smoother!  Additionally, I used my Amazon Visa card to make the purchase, so I will receive a couple of gift certificates as a result of the reward points from this purchase.  I'll put those toward buying a PS3.  :-)