Ok, I too have finally  made the Samsung vs Panasonic decision and selected the P55 inch GT30 model. I considered the VT and the higher end Samsung 8000 model but my old eyes (49 years of age) could not tell the difference. For the price increase it would have been foolish for me. I decided to also by the BDT210 BluRay player to keep it all panasonic in the Panasonic camp. I actually have 3 other flat screen TVs ranging 42, 46 and 47 from Pioneer, Samsung and Panasonic, respectively, so I do have years of experience with quality flat screen TVs. First off I was scared I'd be the unlucky person to receive the ghosting or shifting light effect. Despite buying the TV in mid December the manufacturing date was August 2011, which was the tail end of Panasonic providing a permanent fix for the known ghosting issues. To make matters worse I didn't really plug in and test the TV until a month later after I mounted the Omnimount Ultra Low Profile x-Large capacity mount (this mount is sweeeeet!) on the back-side of the house. Two months later I plugged it all in and crossed my fingers. For some reason all I did was look for fluctuating brightness but to no avail (thank goodness) I couldn't tell if anything was shifting out of place. Still not convinced I immediately connected my wireless internet and upgraded the firmware before playing a movie. My initial firmware was 2.02, but the upgrade went to 2.2. Afterwards I popped in my Avatar 3D BluRay disc and was totally blown away (THX mode). Despite the large 55 inch size the clarity was better than HD on my 42 inch pioneer. The amount of TV inputs to tinker with is imressive if not intimidating. The BDT210 BluRay player is awesome. The Viera Cast connects both devices through the same remote which is very convenient. No need for multiple remotes. Everything that the BluRay remote can do (which is alot), the TV remote can do. The remote light is also pretty cool (an eerie deep red color). I was worried that the TV was too big for my bay windows, since I probably have 2 inches on either side. After sitting down for 2 seconds I wished I had a 60 inch TV, particularly since its mounted in the backyard. Without a doubt - Always get the largest quality TV you can afford! I also upgraded the firmware of my BluRay player from 1.68 to 1.80, which allegedly resolved alot of playback features and access to content. I have a basic Neatgear wireless G network and the connection to all the content i.e., Netflix, Hulu, YouTube,  games etc. worked perfectly and fast. No problems downloading any type of content from the TV internet wireless dongle (USB). The download time for an HD movie is about 20-30 seconds. My connection is average at best 2-3 bars out of 5. Not sure why so many people are complaining about download speed. Perhaps they need to upgrade their firmware. I did not try to download content from the BluRay player yet. Its a 90% overlap of the Panasonic content anyway. However, unlike the Samsung the Panasonic remembers your password to places like Picasso which is great. I can take a picture with my cell phone and view it on my 55 inch when I get home without typing in long UN and PW data. There is not an actual web browser available to insert a [...] location, but I was aware of that going in - no big deal to me anyway. My comment regarding plasma vs LCD/LED. Plasma is a deeper, darker and richer color. The boys at CNET got it wrong. I have a 46 inch samsung and off angle viewing is washed out. The Panasonic is indeed heavier but my high end wall mount does all the lifting anyway. Do your self a favor - Buy the Pansonic with the BDT210 BluRay player, update both devices to the latest firmware release and sit back and enjoy the show. All my research, grief, nervousness and fear was a waste of time!