I bought this TV to jump into 3D, mostly for 'Avatar', although I now own several other 3D titles. This TV replaced a 50" Hitachi I've had for about 4 years.The picture quality is just amazing. It is much brighter and crisper with more detail and contrast than the TV it replaced, even though it is the same screen size and resolution. Setup/installation was very easy- it fit on my existing wall mount with no problems, and it weights about half as much as the older Hitachi. It is about 1.5" thinner than the old Hitachi too. If you don't want to wall-mount it, it also comes with a nice swivel stand.It has all of the inputs I think anyone would want from an HDTV, including 4 HDMI inputs that are ALL 3D enabled. The styling looks great in the stand or on the wall. It has a glare filter on the screen that cuts window and glare from room lights way down. On my wall, watching movies in a dimmed room, the dark gray bezel disappears. My last TV had a silver bezel that just stood out all the time.3D performance is wonderful. What little ghosting I can find (and that's looking for it) is actually about the same as I've noticed in 3D cinemas. I looked at demos of all the major brands' 3D offerings at a retail store, and the Panny just blew them away. "Full HD" 3D is full 1080P 3D. Many others reduce the 3D resolution because they can't drive enough pixels fast enough. This is especially true with the LCDs. Plasma is just MADE for content like this, and I feel LCDs will always be playing catch-up. One of my favorite things to do when I have friends over is hit Pause in a really good 3D scene. You can walk right up to the TV and the scene seems to move with you- it looks like a hologram. The "wow" factor (elements seem to jump off the screen) is also superb. A good movie for this is actually 'Despicable Me'.It has a THX certified mode, and uses RealD 3D technology (although not the same passive RealD used in cinemas. It also has VieraCast (Internet-enabled TV) if you have an available wired network connection.I only have two issues, and I didn't feel they were worth dropping the star rating for:Like all plasma sets- this one has a noticeable buzzing noise. I've either gotten so used to it that it doesn't bother me anymore, or it has slowly gone away as the TV breaks-in. I don't notice it now unless I put my ear right up to it.The set I bought came with 1 set of 3D glasses. I also bought the Avatar 3D combo-pack which came with two more. They are two different styles (1st and 2nd generation), and I find both of them very uncomfortable. My friends don't think they are at-all, so it is probably just me. I'm experimenting with some universal glasses and the Panny glasses actually come in different sizes too- so I may also try that.All-in-all: I love this TV and recommend it to everyone.A few bits of 3D advice if you are just looking into this:If you are buying this for 3D- you need to buy a "High Speed" rated HDMI cable. This is the ONLY rating you need to look for. You have to use a high speed cable because a standard cable can't transfer data fast enough for Full-HD 3D.While it is a good idea to buy the same brand if you want to take advantage of remote control features (VierraLink), you do not HAVE to buy the same brand BD player as the TV. Any 3D BD player will work with this TV. I'd make sure it is 3D "out of the box" and it doesn't just say "3D Capable".If you have a HT receiver- make sure it does "3D Passthrough" (check with manufacturer) and be sure to use high speed HDMI cables to and from the receiver. If you don't- just run a high speed HDMI cable from your BD player to the TV, and run an optical cable from BD to receiver.