Like many others, I did my research before deciding on this set.  I'm not a videophile but do watch a lot of movies.  I'm not going to pay hundreds for a professional calibration vs just using the World of Wonder disc and my own eye like I've already done.  I can't imagine several hundred dollars worth of extra picture quality is going to be had vs. what I already see.The TV is light, only 76lbs and with the included base is 86lbs, and the included wide stand screws in and installs in less than 2mins.  The stand is so easy to put on and secure that even my cat could have done it.  The TV is performing great, but it's still in it's break in period.NOTE:  I recommend immediately setting the picture settings per input and take that contrast way down from the default 100 (max) setting it's sitting at.  That's showroom settings and especially during breakin, the last thing you want is the contrast or picture settings maxxed.  It will eat into the life of the TV and unnecessarily uses more power.  From the PS3 bluray, I popped in the Disney's World of Wonder calibration disc and tried my best to set the right levels on the TV.  There's really only 4-6 settings to mess with.  This is what's called a consumer calibration, the easy one.  The professional $300 kind involves going into the service menu, blah blah.  I don't know, unless someone can reply back to me and tell me the merits or value of having this done over the consumer level adjustments, then I'll just stick with this.  The picture is excellent, just like everyone else here is saying.The settings I run are I leave the TV in custom mode and I think the settings I rule are close to this:Contrast:  60Brightness:  55Color:  60Tint:  unchangedSharpness:  60To my eye, these look vivid but not overly so, slight increase in sharpness but nothing crazy, and fiddled around with contrast and brightness so much in the WOW calibration disc that I just settled on these settings.  The black level was set perfectly, however the white levels for some reason can't be adjusted enough for me to get the ideal level that the WOW disc said I should be seeing.  Only a minor issue.  When I get home again i'm going to find a THX pixar/disney movie and try those THX test patterns to see if I should change the Contrast/Brightness again.But I watched Avatar and Predator so far and both were incredible.  It's not just the picture settings and 1080p bluray that makes it incredible, but this TV also automatically smooths out the picture slightly (the 600hz feature I imagine) and this gives it that "real" "looking through a window" effect that alot of people like.  LCD's do similar things with their 120/240hz feature.  Too much of this feature, and people call that "soap opera" effect meaning they don't like it too smooth.  Personally, to me, we get expensive speakers so that we can be "there" as best as we can to the live recording.  We get expensive TV's, so that we can be "there" as well I'd imagine.  I don't understand people that like to always have their movies be 24/30 frames per second and never want that changed.  To me, that's not realistic, it keeps you aware that you're just watching a movie.  You go outside and you also hope your eyes were running at 24/30 FPS?  What I'm saying is that, in video and audio, we are after realism, likelife realism and a smoother picture gets you that much closer.So that's the most dramatic thing about this set, the black levels are dark, very dark and that's why I turned up the vividness just a tad by increasing the "Color" setting to 60 instead of 50.  I wanted it a tad more vivid.  Slightly increased Brightness and Contrast too, but nothing close to VIVID mode which has Contrast cranked to 100 ;)Anyway, let me know if you have better settings I should try, but there's no noise from my set, only watched some blurays so far, black level is incredible and the picture quality is out of this world.  My roommate has a 42" panasonic and just a few minutes of watching Avatar, and later Predator, he was out the next day trying to get the same set from Bestbuy regardless of the anger it will generate from his wife.  The smoothness and picture quality (after adjusted settings) are great.  I haven't tried the 3D yet however.Predator was incredible too.  I thought because of an old movie that it wouldn't be as good, but in 1080p, the color and smoothness of that jungle, the hair on their face detail, the color, was all incredible.  It was very smooth and lifelike, yet I was seeing more vivid colors that I hadn't seen before.  If you can get this set for around $1500, you will be very very happy