Let me start by saying that for the money, this model provides a rich feature-set and performs very well.  Finding anything comparable--at this price point--will be difficult.  Perhaps this is why I was willing to suffer through three returns before finally receiving a satisfactory unit.  On each of the first three units I received, there was severe backlight bleed at the lower right hand corner of the screen and sometimes at the upper left hand corner.  (For those unfamiliar with the issue of bleed, you need to view a black screen in a darkened room to best observe it.  Bleed is observed as some parts of the screen being lighter than others, or a cloudy white effect on certain parts of the screen.)  On one set in particular, the bleed covered about 40% of the screen, starting at the lower right corner, filling out in a triangular shape from there.  I also noticed that with each of the first three I tested, applying gentle pressure to the screen (using a microfiber cloth) at the lower right corner would cause the screen to "snap" into place, as if it hadn't been seated properly.  Unfortunately, doing this often intensified bleeding and so I haven't dared to touch the screen on the unit I'm using now (I'm a little worried about having to clean it for this reason).On the unit I have now, I can see the faintest bleed around the same area of the screen when the room is sufficiently darkened.  I decided this was good enough since I wasn't sure I'd have any better luck by exchanging again.This, to me, seems like an issue with production.  While it was a hassle getting a unit I was happy with, I feel like it was worth the trouble.  For the money spent, I find that this model has brilliant picture quality with nice 3D and a very nice set of features.  I wanted something with a good 1080p picture, good sound quality, at least 3 HDMI inputs and internet connectivity with apps (particularly Netflix, Amazon, etc.) for under $500.  I couldn't find anything else that delivered at this price point and the 3D is a nice bonus.  There are a few other small issues which I could nit-pick, but other reviews cover things pretty well.  I don't mind the "boot up" time (mine takes about 14 seconds).  I find that if I wait for about 30 seconds after turning the set on, the CPU bound features (such as loading NetFlix) are much more responsive; it's a bit like using a PC.  While the sound isn't particularly powerful (I generally listen at about 40/100) it has nice range and delivers very "full" sounding audio.On another note, Vizio technical support was very friendly and helpful.  I spoke with two U.S. based technicians (they tell you their location at the start of the call) and they even offered to send someone out to my house to have a look at my set.  Hold onto your Amazon invoice / packing receipt, as they will require to see it if they visit you.Hopefully, this is just a weird production issue that will be sorted out.  With that caveat, I can definitely recommend this set.