I used this set for more than three months now. The picture is outstanding. Black level is outstanding. The TV can be set up for a very bright picture or a normal picture. The backlight settings are from minimum (0)through maximum (10). I use it at 7, the factory seting. Interestingly, at this setting, the tv uses between 35 and 52 Watts, depending on the scene on the TV. This is far less than the 182 Watts listed in the specifications. With the WiFi on, the power consumption increases by about 5 Watts. This is an incredibly energy efficient TV.Off axis viewing leaves a bit to be desired. Much beyond 45 degrees or so left or right (90 degrees total viewing angle), the picture begins to turn milky. Beyond 60 degrees in either direction (120 degree total viewing angle), it is bad. However, in my environment, that makes no difference with two chairs in front and a couch off to the side, the picture is excellent.There are a number of picture settings. I like it with most of the enhancements turned off. I recommend you experiment with one on at a time. Some are down right annoying with people seeming to be out of the scene. This not a negative comment. Set it up as you prefer.3D is OK. Yogi Bear was great. The main problem I see is where there is a bright image over a dark background. I can see two images faintly. Apparently, the 3D glasses still let through some of the previous frame's image. However, on normal scenes with the background and characters with nearly the same brightness, this is not apparent. This would not discourage me from making the purchase again. 3D is nice, but not perfect. I have seen no TVs that are any better; and this is one of the best for 3D.Regarding sound... It is acceptable. Volume is adequate. That is about all one could expect from speakers that do not face the viewer. Most TVs are coming that way now. For good sound, a home theater set up is a must. My preference is for shows with rockets and ray-guns. For normal TV shows, the Sony sound system is fine.I am happy with the purchase and would buy it again. It is the best TV I've seen in my investigations.The above is my review after owning it. Below was my first take on the TV while I was doing research.Since there are no reviews yet on the Internet for this new set, I visited our local TV store; and reviewed the 55" version from top to bottom. I'm assuming the 60" version is similar. I liked it so much, I ordered the 60" one. I will do an update after mine arrives.Compared to the other sets in the showroom, from several manufacturers, including previous Sony models, the picture was the best by far. There was plenty of detail in the darker scenes, as well as in the brighter scenes. The picture clarity was outstanding with exceptional color accuracy. I saw no pixelization in rapidly changing scenes. The picture reminded me of a plasma display, which produces a much better picture than most LCD displays. I could not view the 3D feature (no glasses available and they are not included with the set), but it was very good in previous models. I expect it to be as good or better in this model. I could not review the sound as it was turned down on all sets. It does not matter to me as I will use my THX surround system for the sound.I noticed two things that could be improved: Although, background reflections from lights in the store were suppressed somewhat, it was not as good as other sets nearby. The off-axis light and color faded significantly when viewing from a slight angle from perpendicular. There is no way a reasonable picture can be viewed through the gorilla glass with a total viewing angle much more than 30 degrees off-axis (60 degrees total). The spec. is nearly 180 degrees. In reality, that is just not the case unless a dim, grayish image is OK at a steep angle. Since I will be viewing the image nearly direct on, it will not bother me.Power usage is significantly less than my rear projection 60" HD set the new one will be replacing. The new set will not steal power when it is turned off.