Like most of you, I spent a lot of time trying to decide what I wanted. I ruled out rear projection because of the viewing angle, I ruled out plasma because I have a very bright room. So I decided to buy a LCD.I narrowed my search down to the Samsung 52" and the Sony.  When I saw the Samsung in the store I was turned off.  For some reason the screen is almost as reflective as a plasma.  The Sony was very nice, but $1,000 more than anything else. It wasn't that nice.When I saw the $3299 price from 6ave Electronics here on Amazon I thought something wasn't right. This is a $4,299 list television. They even tossed in free delivery (it took a week, but it seemed like a month) and they didn't collect sales tax.I asked Best Buy if they'd price match it.  The store manager actually said that products bought on Amazon have the serial number removed so you don't get a warranty and that's how they can sell it for less; Best Buy wanted list price for this TV but was willing to sell it for $3,799.I'm happy to say my TV has a serial number (not like I didn't think it wouldn't) and I couldn't be happier.I installed the speaker and the stand, hooked it up and turned it on.  At first I thought, WOW, that's bright! But, the factory had it set to "dynamic". I kicked it down to "standard" and the picture was just amazing.The menu system is very intuitive with help available so you don't get lost.Standard def. programs look good, but they remind you of what a letdown SD is over HD. We need more content!!I read some reviews about the audio not being up to par.  I have no idea. I'm hooked up through a home theater system with 5.1 surround sound which, IMHO, is the only way to enjoy HD content.To summarize: the TV is first rate, picture, setup, etc. Delivery was as advertised. The only thing that'll confuse you are all the input options on the back of the TV.  I'm only using 3 (Cable, DVD, VCR) but there's room to add anything that comes down the road.You will not be disappointed with this TV.One month later.  Still enjoying this TV. But, and this isn't a comment on Sharp but all HDTV's, you really start to notice that maybe the broadcast industry isn't quite ready yet.  What I mean is, some of the SD programs look OK, some are a bit fuzzy and all of them naturally are in the old format. You can live with it.  But, you'll also notice that some of the older programs that are being broadcast on HD channels aren't all that wonderful either.  It's essentially the old content, different channel.  What shocks you after awhile is that you have a clearer picture many times on a SD CRT than your new expensive HDTV. Why? simple, that higher resolution magnifies the flaws with the old (480) content so you see everything, good and bad, bigger and sometimes it's not very pretty.Like I said, this isn't a Sharp LCD issue. I have friends that own Toshiba, Sony and Samsung, LCD, plasma, and rear projection and they would all make the same observation.  Careful when you're shopping in the store; they show Blu-ray DVD's. Ask the sales person to switch the TV to a SD channel so you can see what I'm talking about.February, 2009 can't come soon enough but please don't expect the same crystal clear picture that you see on a DVD when you're watching cable.This just in... Check out the November, 2007 issue of Consumer Reports. In their quick picks for LCD TV's they say if you want a jumbo screen (52 inch and up apparently) buy the Sharp Aquos LC-52D92U.  Their top rated LCD is the Samsung LN-T4661F but it's a 46 incher, the 52 inch Samsung comes in below the Sharp.Eight months later (time flies when you're watching HD!). I still have nothing negative to say about this TV. The picture is as crisp as ever, it's easy to use, no banding, no dead pixels, everything is the way it was the day I bought it.  I did upgrade my home theater system. I put in a Yamaha RX-V1800 audio-video receiver along with a terrific 5.1 speaker set from Aperion Audio.  I did have an old Pioneer Elite AVR with Bose speakers.  The difference is more than noticeable (both video and audio).And, I did listen to the Sharp's internal speakers for a few weeks while I waited for the new equipment. It wasn't great, but it wasn't bad either.