We finally decided to take the plunge and get a digital TV.  We're only getting digital/HD signals over-the-air (OTA) because we're not ready to upgrade to an HD satellite receiver or HD DVD/Blue Ray DVD player.  But since reception of analog TV in our area is horrible it's nice to be able to get a clear picture with the digital broadcasts.  Now we can watch the local channels that Dish Network doesn't carry.We decided on the LNT-4061F for it's size, features and price (got a "Black Friday" door buster deal).  We have limited space for a wide-screen TV in our entertainment center so a 40" was about as big as we could fit.  It's perfect for the distance we sit from the TV (about 8 feet).  We like all of the input options, especially the ones for legacy systems since we don't have any HDMI components yet.  But we wanted a "future proof" set because we plan on keeping it for 10+ years.  We currently don't get any 1080p signals but at least this unit will be able to display them when we do.Features we like best:* Great picture on OTA digital signals.* Great viewing angle, almost as good as a CRT TV.* VGA PC input.* 2 S-Video and composite video inputs* 2 Component video inputs* 3 HDMI inputs (for future use)* Optical audio output (to send 5.1 audio to A/V receiver)* USB input for showing pictures and playing MP3 music.Things we are disappointed with:* Only fair quality on non-digital sources (like most digital TVs)* None of the listed remote control codes work on our DISH Networksatellite receiver.* Remote control cannot operate an A/V Receiver* Cannot custom name input options (must select from a list)* Cannot directly access input options, you have to scroll through all of the inputs that have something connected even if the connected component is off.* No video outputs (to record directly from the TV)* Mute icon appears when you mute the sound, won't go away until you un-mute.  I did find out how to do an internal mute but you have to go through the setup menu to turn in off and on.* The Picture In Picture (PIP) feature sucks!  It can only be used to view analog TV in a sub picture while viewing Component, HDMI or PC source.  Can't understand why you can't view another source (like S-video) while watching OTA digital channel???  You also can't swap the main picture with the sub picture, however you can view both pictures side by side.  But it's only useful if you want to watch an analog TV tuner source.  Makes the PIP feature practically useless.One thing to consider when getting a flat panel TV to replace an old CRT TV is that you can't put your old center speaker on top of the TV anymore because it's too big.  Also, fast action video can look blurry, especially when the camera pans back and forth.  This seems to be common as we noticed it when looking at other LCD TVs.  Supposedly this is mitigated with 120HZ refresh rate but we were'nt willing to fork over an extra $400 for this feature (see Samsung LNT4069 40" 1080p 120Hz LCD HDTV).  But after watching for a few days it doesn't seem to be as noticeable anymore.  It's kind of like when we first brought home our 32" CRT TV and noticed the tiny black lines that didn't show on our 19" TV.  Eventually we got used to it and it didn't bother us anymore.Since this is our first Digital TV we're generally satisfied because we got a smoke'n deal.  The limitations of the universal remote is a big draw back for us since we thought it would be able to control our satellite receiver.  But at least our Sat. receiver's remote can control the TV so we'll be able to live with it.Update:  After a couple of years we noticed that there is major burn-in on the screen after watching a program in 3:4 format.  Even after only a couple of hours the side bars get temporarily burnt in.  Fortunately these go away eventually.  I'd recommend getting something with burn-in protection after this experience.