I bought the Sharp Aquos LC46-D92U in early February of 2007. It was Sharp's latest and is supposedly their high end model. My set had a serial number beginning 7018xxxxxx. The first number in the Sharp serial number tells the year of manufacture (2007) and the next two numbers represent the month of manufacture (January). As you can see, I was an early adopter. I bought it sight unseen despite the uproar going on on the Internet about the banding problems of the new Sharp LCD's manufactured at Sharp's recently opened manufacturing plant in Kameyama (sp?), Japan. For those not familiar with the conflict, apparently some of the new LCD's from Sharp demonstrated the presence of both dark horizontal and vertical bands that could be seen on monocolor backgrounds, like solid gray, or white or sometimes black. The earlier models from Kameyama, the D62U's, were supposedly worse. So, why did I buy this set when a conflict about such a defect was raging? There were a number of reasons:1. I saw a couple of the D62U models playing in various stores and I didn't notice any bands on regular material.2. Sharp has been extremely cooperative with people complaining about banding and has been replacing the sets until the person was satisfied or returned their purchase price if the individual desired.3. Those who had seen the picture quality of the new D92 U models at the Consumer Electronics Show in January were absolutely blown away by it. This set was a true leap forward in LCDs. The blacks were jet black and easily a match for a plasma set. The new 120 Hz screen refresh rate (double the normal 60 Hz) seemed to completely eliminate any motion artifacts. You could watch a football game or hockey game without any smearing. The new five color backlight gave some of the most rich glorious colors yet seen on an LCD. The colors had a real WOW! factor. With the new 1080p resolution, a high quality signal had an almost 3D quality on this set.  So, I decided to take the risk. I had good luck with the picture quality. It was just as amazing as had been described, and there was not a band in sight. I apparently got one of the good ones. However, it came out of the box with a problem with the sound. No matter what I hooked up to the set, the sound was intermittent. I called Sharp who gave me the number for the local authorized repair person. He checked things and then called Sharp to discuss the problem with the Sharp technicians. They apparently recognized it immediately. They told him they'd been having problems with the audio IC board. Apparently they received a bunch of problematic ones. They sent a new audio IC board out, the technician bolted it in place of the old one, and everything was solved.  So, it has been a bit of an ordeal getting everything set up properly, but, now that it is, I think it was worth it. I don't have one of the new High Definition DVD players, but I've got a good upconverting conventional player that I set to 1080p output, the native resolution of the set. When I use the DVD player, I set the TV to dot-to-dot mode. All I can say is: it's a revelation! I have not seen a picture like this on any LCD before. Of course, you have to properly adjust the set. It comes from the factory set in the flamethrower mode and will melt your eyeballs if you watch it this way in a darkened room. For those not familiar with videophile jargon, this means the factory sets the backlight all the way up so the set will be as bright as possible out of the box. This may make sense if it's going to be hung in a big video display in Circuit City or Best Buy, where there are very bright overhead flourescent lights, and where the set will be hung right next to its competition (Sony, Samsung, etc.), but it makes no sense in a home environment. If anyone buys this set, my advice is to immediately turn the backlight down to the STD setting. There are other setting changes for color, tint, sharpness, contrast, etc that need to be made. Go to the Internet website [...] and find the Sharp threads. You'll find plenty of recommendations for how to set the TV properly. You will also find an incredible amount of whining and complaining about this set from people who expect perfection in whatever they buy. To each his own. What you won't find is anyone who has anything but good to say about the picture quality. The banding problems and the sound difficulty are why I gave this set only four stars. Based on picture quality alone, when fed a really good signal, this set deserves 5+ stars. It really does seem to have addressed all the picture quality problems that previously plagued LCD sets. The sound is OK, but a set this glorious really deserves better. If you don't want to fiddle with a full five or seven speaker surround sound system, Sharp makes a nice two piece "Home Theater In A Box" called the SD-SP10. Amazon has it for sale and it's quite inexpensive for the quality of sound it puts out. It's truly a bargain. Just don't expect it to compete with a five speaker setup driven by 6 or 700 watts.