The Panasonic TC-P65VT25 is an amazing product.  The ability to reproduce high definition 1080p images and action sequences is excellent.  Blu-ray movies such as The Dark Knight, The International, and the BBC series Life have incredible clarity and realism on this TV.  Motion and aliasing artifacts are very infrequent on blu-ray, DVDs, or HDTV.  The product rivals the Kuro line by Pioneer.  I spent months looking at LCD and Plasma TVs before settling on the Panasonic P65VT25.  I was an early adopter and have not been disappointed.  The TV is excellent for viewing 2D content in HD, or 3D content on blu-ray.As background, I have the system set up with a home theater PC.  I do not use the available Viera Cast applications much since my computer is networked and I can run Netflix and Media Center applications directly from the PC. However, the Viera Cast applications work well and are predictable.  For those who are interested in exploring the benefits of a home theater PC, the viewing of 3D video requires some home work.  You should purchase a blu-ray player with at least 4X speed or higher in one of the PC disk drive bays.  I am using a gaming system PC with a nVidia GTX460 video card with HMDI output and Cyberlink PowerDVD 10 Mark II to handle the video requirements of 3D blu-ray video.  It can also take some work to get the drivers working, but currently the latest drivers as of this review include the nVidia 3D TV play software required to handled the 3D video signal and automatically sync with the 3D glasses.  The system includes a rebate for Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs and Coraline to demonstrate the 3D function.  Additionally, the system setup required me to set the display to option 2 under settings in order to avoid cropping of the signal sent from the computer video card.  I have also viewed the Avatar trailer in 3D on the system and it is comparable to the movie theater experience.Alternatively, you can purchase a Blu-ray 3D player by Panasonic for viewing 3D Blu-rays and completely bypass the technical aspects required with a home theater PC.The only minor issues I had were mounting of the TV to the wall and the comfort of the glasses.  The glasses are bulky and not very comfortable.  They are too large for kids, and even some adults.  The image quality is fine, but the comfort is not so great.  (I also do not like the Samsung glasses much better).  I have purchased Xpand Universal X103 3D Glasses from Amazon for 3D viewing on the TV and they work great for adults and kids.  As for the mounting, the TV weighs over 100 lbs.  I purchased a universal mounting bracket for a TV of this size, but the power cord is too close to where the mounting bracket sits on the back.  This limited my ability to center the TV on the wall and is off-center by a couple inches.  Perhaps if I had purchased the Panasonic mounting bracket this issue would not have occurred.  You will of course want to install the mounting supports into studs.  I would not recommend mounting to a concrete wall with concrete screws or mounting to drywall unless the studs are located with a stud finder.Recently, Panasonic is offering a rebate for Avatar 3D blu-ray.Picture Quality: 5/5Customization: 5/5Contrast: 5/5Mounting: 3/5Glasses Comfort: 3/5Manufacturer Website:[...]