Perhaps this is because I purchased the floor display, on sale and got an additional 10% off because it was a display model but I can only give it two stars. This replaced a failed Westinghouse (26" 1080i LED/LCD)TV (which I will review elsewhere) and given it's a Sony, I was confident in the product.  I am, however, surprised at the low quality of a few things.I will state that for a 720 picture, the quality is pretty good considering I went from a 1080i. For that I give it a higher rating but had I to do it over again, I would have waited a week or two to replace the failed Westinghouse and purchased a Vizio. It's not as clear (true to color) as the Visio though so I knock one star off for picture qualityLet me start off with the remote.  Horrible, horrible, horrible. Sony's remotes are known to be big but this one is a monster compared to my older Sony DVD that has twice as many buttons. The toggle is awkward, to say the least and then the select button is in the center so you often end up hitting the wrong button.  I have small hands so I can imagine how this would be for men who have large hands. Then you have the options buttons (like display, tools, menu, return, scene, favorites) all surrounding the toggle button.  So very not intuitive at all. It's a cute design but not practical. Who comes up with this stuff and is it tested on real people?  Anyhow, comparing this remote to my $25 Memorex (yes you read that right) DVD player in my bedroom, the Memorex gets better points on remote design and also for size.  Seriously, Sony, go back to the drawing board and make remotes smaller and more intuitive.My biggest issue is with sound. You can not control the volume on the entire set up with just the TV remote.  I have O.T.A. broadcasts so it's important to me to be able to hit mute on my TV remote and have it also mute through my sound system (a 1991 Sony 100 Watt).  I have to use two remotes to mute my TV as it continually feeds through my stereo no matter what option I have tried. I had better sound control on my Insignia digital converter remote (which did mute the sound through the stereo too) than I do with this Sony. My failed Westinghouse HDTV even allowed me to mute via the remote.  I would have expected it to be the other way around.So, this inability to control the sound directly via my TV has led to an issue with the "Steady Sound", which is geared to make the sound across all channels and the sometimes commercials that aren't supposed to be louder but are.  The "Steady Sound" absolutely does not work.  So, when changing to a channel I know has higher/louder sound, I have to mess around with two remotes. Or when a TV station has commercials that are louder (against the FTC rules but they have them anyway) again, I have to mess with two remotes and it shouldn't be that way. This gets really annoying.I have looked on their message boards and keep checking to see if there's a firmware update and I have not seen any resolve to this sound issue. Messing with customer service anymore (with any company) seems to net frustration on my end so I am not even going that route at this time. The sound issue should be a non-issue from the get-go IMO.I probably will not buy another Sony TV in the near future. As soon as I am able to afford a Visio (which I have been skeptical of because their company is relatively new compared to the old standbys like JVC, Sony, Panasonic) 37", LED I am getting rid of this one. I have a Visio VIA 22" LED 1080i and find I am watching TV and movies more on that one than I ever do on this Sony. I never thought I would write a bad review of a Sony product, but there you go. Had the Westinghouse not pooped out on me (it just died on me) I would have been more than happy to keep the smaller TV size and kept the extra cash I spent on this Sony to upgrade to a Visio at a later point.