I bought the UN46C7000 back in January 11 during the great promotions with FREE Blue Ray DVD player and 2 pair of 3D glasses. The delivery is good and we are happy with our first LCD-LED TV but that joy ended yesterday. I told myself to give 2-3 months before I write a review but I was very disappointed with the purchase. Let me share what I like about the product.- Excellent TV design and looks very beautiful externally- It was an easy to setup and picture quality for HD looks awesome with DirectTV HD and Blue Ray DVD- The 3D movie Shrek was amazing and we enjoyed it very much.- The Internet setup was easy but disappointed that it does not have Amazon movie, we watch Netflix movies almost every day- I wish they come with Wifi Built in but that is small matterHere come the sad news- After almost 30 days, the HDMI port stop working. We have DirectTV and Samsung Blue Ray player connected via HDMI and the TV keep saying "no signal" when we change source- I try changing to different HDMI port and it still does not work. I have a spare HDMI cable and it still does not work- We tried RGB and Component cable with DirectTV and it works, so I am sure that the HDMI port fried up.- Called Samsung and they open a service request. A technician called and they need to order a new mother board for the HDMI port and will take 5-7 days.- We are using the RGC cable now to watch TV from DirectTV and quality sucks. (not HDMI)- I did all my research online and even tried a Master Reset but still no luck(Press Exit when power ON) but it still does not work.- I hate to have a new TV with faulty parts. It's like you have new 1 month car and they have to replace the axle or transmission.- I contacted Amazon asking for replacement of TV but have not received any response.This is our first Samsung TV and I very disappointed with the product reliability. I should have pay more for Sony or other brand but you get what you pay. I hope that it was some setting and not major hardware replacement. I will update my review once the TV has been fixed (I hope).\Updates (3/7/2011)- Amazon never failed to impress me with great customer service. They replaced the TV as promised last week and all HDMI ports is now working.What a difference with HD quality thry HDMI cable.- Everything is good but I was not impressed with the delivery company. They did not help me installed the stand for the TV. The first time I received the TV, the guys help me out since I was all alone at home.- If you bought from Amazon or any dealer. I recommend you buy the extended warranty after what I have been thru.- Amazon send a USB disk drive with the Firmware Updates but it does not work so I connect the TV online to Samsung to update a new firmware. I hope the HDMI will work longer this time and not just for 30 days.- The new Amazon Streaming video is a good addition to Netflix but they have limited collection. You can find Amazon video under yahoo! Widgets and not under Samsung App. Here is the instruction[..]