***EDIT: Please read, as this is quite important new information***I wrote a review about a week ago praising the set. However, I came to notice a major issue. While displaying video over component or HDMI, most commonly in progressive scan resolutions (480p, 720p), my set has a "tearing" issue. This is a small horizontal line that moves up the screen from the bottom. It happens randomly. I did some research and found on the AVS forums that half the posters reported to have this problem with their set. Luckily, it can be fixed. You must call Samsung support, tell them you have the "tearing" issue and that you want the newest firmware, which remedies the problem. They will either send you a USB thumb drive in the mail with the firmware or they will provide you with a download link. This problem was quite bad for me when playing Xbox 360 in 720p over component video.So, to get the best performance, be sure to get this updated firmware, version 1020. You can read about this problem by searching "tearing" in Samsung's FAQ for the LN-T3253H.***********I've had my Samsung for about 2 weeks now and am throughly satisfied.  I did an enormous amount of research before purchasing this, and consider myself to be very knowledgeable regarding technology.  I was also considering the 32" Sharp Aquos 1080p model and the Sony Bravia 32" model.  I ended up choosing the Samsung because the Sharp was significantly more expensive (due to its 1080p capability) and because the Sony didn't look good enough to justify its higher price tag.  I use this set in my dorm room.It's hard to judge any LCD, however, in the store because they generally turn the brightness and contrast to their maximum values to make the TVs stand out.  I learned a very valuable lesson: calibrating your television truly does bring out the best picture.  Even if you don't buy a calibration DVD (like Avia or DVE), look up CNET's picture settings for this model.  While it won't look as "good" at first, your eyes adjust to it and notice more detail and a more lifelike picture.After calibration, my Samsung set produces a stunning image.  I have an Xbox 360 (Component), a Playstation 3 (HDMI), broadcast TV, and my Macbook Pro (VGA) all hooked up.  Picture from all sources is amazing.  What really surprised me, though, is how great my Mac looks on this TV.  It acts as a 1333x768 LCD monitor and the image is superb.  I used to have a 42" DLP with my Mac connected via a DVI -> HDMI cable and the picture was just OK.  Now with the LCD, I plan on browsing the internet from my couch.Both DVDs and Blu-Rays look wonderful.  The speakers are underpowered and inadqueate.  If you're spending this much on a TV, it's only logical to get great sound as well.  Right now, I have audio sent to 2.1 channel Logitech THX speakers which sound leaps and bounds better than the built in ones.  (I'll be upgrading to 5.1 channel surround soon)  The stand is not wobbly like other reviews have said, perhaps they just overlooked something.  There is a ziploc of screws that comes in the box.  Be sure to screw them into the back of the set after you snap the stand on, it makes it much more secure.Bottom line, if you're in the market for a 32" LCD, you've found it.  The image is excellent and it is truly the best deal.