I've had this 58" TV for a little over a month now and I am still amazed at the picture quality.  For reference, I upgraded from a 60" 2007 Sony 60A200 rear projection television.  When I was shopping for a new TV, I researched the subject for weeks.  I was deciding between this Samsung plasma, Panasonic's VT series plasma, and LG's top of the line local-dimming LED TV.  I was set on the LG until I read reviews on AVS forum that the screen was highly reflective and thus, not so good in daylight conditions.  However, I really liked how slick LED TVs look with their very slim profile.  I decided to go with plasma since plasma TVs have very deep black levels.I chose the Samsung over the Panasonic for a couple of reasons:  First was aesthetics.  The Samsung TV is just beautiful.  The profile is very thin and can be easily mistaken for an LED TV.  The bezel is a matte dark charcoal grey.  I really love the matte finish as the glossy finish on many TV bexels is distracting, IMO.  The other reason I chose the Samsung over the Panasonic is because of the rising black level problems that Panasonic had with their plasmas last year.  Some people say that the black level problem has been fixed while others say that it has not.  Either way, I did not want to take a chance.  I've heard that the Panasonic has an outstanding picture, but my Samsung's picture is just amazing.  Saturated, accurate colors with deep black levels.  I'm watching a football game right now and I can't believe how black one of the team's jerseys are.  Simply beautiful.Couple of notes on this TV:- The screen is not reflective whatsoever.  I watch TV during the day on the weekends and I have a very large window adjacent to the TV.  No reflections whatsoever.- The TV has a VERY wide viewing angle, unlike LED TVs.  No drop off in contrast or picture quality when viewing the TV from an angle.  Also, the TV swivels about 20 degrees each way.  Very smooth and stable.  Great when I'm in a different part of the room, but still want to watch something.  I didn't realize how useful this feature would be.- You can turn Motion Dejudder off.  Some TVs, especially LED TVs, have a "video" or "soap opera" look to them.  It's as if you're watching a home video production.  Some people like this but others do not.  With this TV, you can choose this setting or turn it off.  I believe this is one of the big differences between Samsung's 8000 vs. the 7000 series plasmas.- Some Samsung TVs last year exhibited a buzzing sound when on.  Mine has absolutely no buzzing whatsoever.- Bult-in Netflix and Vudu services are outstanding.  Check out Vudu if you're looking for high quality HD movies on demand.  Simply beautiful.- I did not break-in my plasma like many people on [...] recommend.  No matter.  I've watched lots of ESPN with static images and movies with black bars above and below and I have not seen any image retention or burn-in.I'm so impressed with this TV that I'm going to get another one later this year for my family room.  This is an amazing TV if it is in your price range and I highly recommend it.