We bought this TV online from Vann's in November of 2010 and we have thoroughly enjoyed it ever since. It replaced a 2002 Sony CRT Trinitron for the living room. WOW, and what a differnce it has made! LG apparently does not make it anymore, but I am going to upgrade the software today from their website to see if they have added more apps and perhaps some other types of functionalities that I an unaware of.  As far as the screen and the reflectiveness, it is a reflective screen that can glare, but we have it in a place that is not too bright. This does bring up one point though, and this is that when using the Eco mode to reduce screen brightness and to use less power, the screen gets too dark for my taste. As I said, it is placed in a darker spot of the living room and I would not expect the Eco mode to therefore make the screen as dark as it does, but it could just be my middle aged eyesight not being what it one was; cataract formation perhaps...  Whatever the case, it is a great TV with so many functions and inputs/outputs. I can overlook the issue of the Eco mode being too dark for my eyesight. One output that we just began to use is the optical output to our new Yamaha sound bar. Since November of 2010 we have just used the built-in 5.1 speakers and they have done the job, but now with a soundbar connected thru the optical output I would find it hard to go back to just using the built-in speakers. Of course money is limited, so having watched this TV without a soundbar for over a year now I have no complaints about sound quality; in addition to this, the picture at 240Hz refresh is perfect for sports and set to standard brightness it is a pleasure to view sports games with! Not a single issue of blur for  fast paced sporting events.  I saw that someone complained about this TV only doing "military" time. What a crock. Most of the world uses a 24 hour time cycle because it is logical and easier. Having lived in Europe as a civilian, it is personally my preferred method of time recording. One does not need be a rocket scientist in order to add 6 hours onto 12 noon in one's head and say that it is 18:00.  Having praised this TV I must add that since technology changes so fast I would look around at the newer models before I would buy this one at 2 grand or even at 1400 bucks (which is what we paid for it, when it was on special from Vann's). There is a great deal of competition and  LED TV models are constantly being updated and/or renamed. This is a very good TV, but look at the newer LG models and other brands as well. Perhaps the side-lit LED models are better when placed in bright spot? Perhaps other models have better Eco modes? Do the research online, go to the stores to check out things and then make a decision.