I had originally bought a Vizio LED 22inch.  It had poor sound and picture quality.  Since 2006 I've been avoiding Samsung products since I bought a DVD recorder from them that records DVD's that only play on the machine that records them.  My recorded DVD's wouldn't even play properly on another Samsung DVD player.  Back then I called them to tell them my problem; they basically told me I was out of luck. I was hoping to Archive some old home movies.At my house I have a Samsung DLP, and the beformentioned DVD player that upconverts the DVD's to high definition.  I also had an old style 13 inch Samsung TV that gave good service.I chose this Samsung 22 LED since I had seen it at Best Buy and saw that the picture quality was very good.  There is pixelation on dark scenes but this may be due to AT&T; U-Verse.  Aside from this the picture quality is very good and better than a supposed 1080p Vizio I had bought.  I later learned that the only place you can get 1080p is from a Blu Ray player. Cable/Satellite companies are broadcasting in 720p.The sound on this TV is excellent and it comes with different sound options, all of which sound very well.The only drawback so far on this TV is the on/off timer.  This is a feature I wanted to keep since my old 13 inch Samsung had it.  The weird thing about their On/Off timer is that when the TV comes on you can only choose from two source options, the USB drive or the coaxial cable connection.  So you can't wake up to the HDMI source setting of the TV, I don't know why they put this limitation into the design of the TV, it's very odd.  Hopefully they'll have a software update to correct it.From what I've understood from reading the manual it can't play quicktime movies, I haven'd had time to try one.  If it can't play quicktime videos that's another limitation the set should have corrected in the future.The design of the TV itself is very nice, and while the remote is a bit bulky it has all the basic functions.  I like that it has a sleep button right on the remote.  Some other TV's make you go through a long Menu to get to the sleep setting; when you are falling asleep pressing a button a few times is a lot easier than some intricate navigation menu.The OnScreen menu is easy to use once you figure out how to navigate around it.  A thoughtful feautre they put in is that when you highlight a choice such as "digital noise filter" an explanation comes on at the bottom of the screen indicating what this feature does.I liked that it has a PIP option.  The only thing you can watch in the PIP window is the coaxial cable connection though.  I hooked up my computer to the TV and was able to watch regular TV in the PIP window.I would definitely recommend this set to a friend.