Great features. Deep, rich blacks and shadow detail. Tons of settings to get exactly what you want. BUT.....on the third week anniversary of my installation, a thick black line appeared horizontally along the left side of the screen, about 2 inches in. My call to Panasonic went quickly and cordially, and a local servicer will be here on Monday. I will update this review after that visit. This is an excellent product, and I hope to bring several more stars to my review. Let me emphasize that this is not burn-in. It has come and gone a couple of times, and it appears/disappears based on the darkness of the scene; it dissipates almost completely when a bright image appears at the affected location. I asked the person who opened my case if she had heard of this, and she said yes, but only once and with a different model. Hopefully it's just a defective board that can be replaced quickly on site. Disappointing, but I'm a reasonable consumer and I realize that defects occur. If it's resolved quickly, I would think that would be a positive for the product and the company standing behind it.UPDATE: Panasonic failed to advised the local service company of the appointment. However, the service company managed to get here 24 hours later. The tech was knowledgeable, courteous and efficient. Here's what the problem turned out to be: As all readers of these reviews know, builds of this model before 8/2011 needed a board replaced to solve a fluctuating brightness problem. My unit was produced 5/2011 and suffered from no such problem; I assume the board had been retrofitted. This seemed to be the case. Apparently, there are 7 ribbon connections across the bottom of the interior that feed the video signal to a seventh of the light panel. Each has some 1700 connections. One little pin connector became loose or dirty; the leftmost one that controls the video feed to the extreme left of the screen. The tech cleaned and reconnected it, and VOILA, goodbye black line!! I should add that whoever did the retrofit of the A board was pretty lazy, as only 4 screws holding the back panel were replaced.....out of some 28. The remaining screws were placed in a little baggie and taped inside the unit....shoddy, indeed!! Following the reconnect, the tech showed me a tiny light image retention near the upper left corner that I probably wouldn't have noticed myself. He had me run the anti image retention "wash" for about ten minutes, and told me that if it didn't go away, to call him and he'd oreder a new light panel. Following his directions, I couldn't see any image retention even with a magnifying glass. I picked his brains about build quality, and he said that Panasonic was well respected.Since the repair, I've noticed that the picture is brighter and the color more vivid (probably because I'm now through the breakin period). I've paired the Panasonic with my new SONY 7.1 receiver, and the sound quality is startingly good; the Panasonic just senses HDMI and functions perfectly in synch. Switch inputs from cable to PS3, and the cable box goes off and the PS3 powers up. Increase volume using the TV remote, and it senses the HDMI connected to the receiver and indicates that it's increasing receiver volume rather than the TV speakers (even without setting the TV speakers to 'off').I rate the 65ST30 as follows:Picture quality: 4.5 stars (fabulous blacks and shadow detail; very realistic 3d)Setup: 5 stars (Thanks the Good Lord for HDMI); tons of settings, but online descriptions of what each does).Build quality: 3.0 (the inside is well organized, and there's plenty of metal where there could be plastic; but someone has to suffer for that shoddy board replacement).Features: 4.0 Should have a better browser at this price point, but all the apps are there as are every setting I'll ever need. A 4th HDMI input wouldn't hurt, though.Value: Trust me, Home Theater was correct in placing the ST30 series at the top of the heap....and I didn't just rely on their reviews (i bought before the review came out). Like I'm sure everyone who buys at 55" and over did, I researched the hell out of this. There simply is no better value at the 65" point.