I returned an LG 55LW5600 LED TV to get this panasonic plasma.  This is the TV I wanted in the first place...but I was lured in by the lower priced 3d glasses.  Originally, I did not even care about 3d but when looking at TV reviews, its nearly impossible to find a highly rated tv that is NOT 3d, so I decided to go with the LG.  But I was concerned about the possibility of motion blur/artifacts, etc. with the LCD.  The picture on the LG was great, but it did contain too much blur/artifacts for me, especially since I use the TV for sports..  So I took advantage of the great Amazon return policy and then got the panasonic ST30 series 60" plasma!  Finally...what I wanted!!  Awesome picture with no issues!  Other users and other reviews mention dim picture. This is true before doing any kind of calibration.  The vivid setting is bright, but too overdone..  Go to [...] They have great calibration settings for this TV.  After I used theirs for the custom mode, I then adjusted the cinema mode a bit along with standard... They look great.The contrast with pure blacks is outstanding!  I did not think I could notice this without having the LG side by side with the Panasonic, but I sure can!  Real deep blacks with crispy clean picture.  Also, the SD picture on this is FAR superior to the LCD.  I've heard this may be true when comparing any plasma to LCD..but I thought it was worth noting.  I have only watched "Cars 2" Blu Ray, but of course it was awesome picture.  I have also just played PS3 Madden 12 and need for speed 2 with my son!  UNBELIEVABLE graphic detail on madden 3.  Mind you, I'm not a serious gamer...but to see the metallic paint shimmer in the helmets and the reflections of stadium lights in helmets is crazy detail.  Need for speed was awesome, and at times, the landscape speeding by looked like video to some degree..Regarding the 3d, I have not yet tried it yet. Again...this was not as important to me as a great picture.  But soon I will get some OEM glasses and I"m expecting just as spectacular a picture.The VIERA wireless system is great.  Easy to use for the most part. Typing passwords on a keypad of course is lame..but once your signed in to say Amazon video, you don't need to do again.  The HD video on Amazon on demands is great, and the SD is not bad either..  Very surprised.. There are a whole bunch of apps on there, but we will probably only use the Amazon, maybe the weather app at times and possibly one or two others.  It is sort of dumb that the wireless usb stick sticks out of the side of the TV unless you also use the included extension wire.  Bad design idea adding an unnecessary additional cable.I have this system hooked up to Yamaha VX371 receiver with HDMI passing the video signal from my comcast cable box, into the reciever, then to TV's ARC input.  Bluray also done this way.  I'm not happy with the reciever due to some issues the way it does switching with audio..seems to be a problem.  But i just let you know here how its hooked up and the picture is aweseome with the HDMI passing through a low to mid price receiver.  Not sure if it would be even better direct from cable box to TV or with better receiver.I mounted this on the wall using a CHeetah Mount with double swing arms.  TV is heavy and my kids held one side to lift as I held the other.  Mount works great and the TV really looks great on the wall.  I noticed when researching this TV there were "poor marks" for design.  I dont know if you can call a black frame thats about 1-1/2 inches a bad design.  I guess thats when you start to get insanely picky when comparing similar models.  Don't let that make the decision for you.  PICTURE QUALITY is the most important in my mind.Now....regarding the main issue on amazon about fluctuating brightness.  This was my only fear in ordering this TV...but I did see that panasonic was fixing or had fixed.  When I got the TV it had a mfg date of May 2011.  But I have not seen any of this issue.  Unless i can't notice, or I just got lucky.  I will update this later if it changes.  Also interesting was that there was a great page inserted with instructions called the Panasonic Concierge.  It had 800# listed with info thanking you for purchase and asking to call with any questions/concerns.  Wondering if this was due to fluctuation issue?  Nice touch anyway..Hope this review helps those on the fence.  I researched for several months and came to back to the reliable plasma technology for best picture.