My wife and I have been shopping around for a new TV.  We had a 32" Sony Bravia in the living room and wanted to get something a bit bigger.  We looked at the 46" Bravia for $898 at Wal-Mart and we also had our eye on the new Vizio 55" LED-LCD TV which as of now is selling for $1248 which is down from $1648.  We happened to be at the BX and saw the Sharp Aquos LC-52E77U on display and was originally marked $1,700, then marked down again to $1,100 and one last mark down to $897.97.  Having done no research on this TV I was a bit skeptic at first because we had done some researching on others.  Sharp never even entered my mind.  We decided to just go ahead and buy it.  The floor model was THE LAST one they had.  We purchased it on Sunday and had to come back on Monday to pick it up so they could get it off the wall mount and got an extra 10% off.  It was in great shape with no scratches except on the stand, and those are hard to see and I could care less.I have to say I am very impressed with image quality, but not so much on sound.  Our 32" Bravia had better sound, but after Black Friday we will be picking up a surround sound system and new blu-ray player for the living room and moving our other blu-ray player into the bedroom with the Sony.  For what appears to be a 2009 model, I could not believe this thing had 5 HDMI ports along with others.  I was impressed.  I haven't calibrated the picture quality yet as I have been extremely busy since we set it up.  Once I get to that, I am sure the PQ will be even more outstanding.  It may not be LED, but for the price and size I really don't care.  It already has amazing PQ as it is being regular LCD, and the 120hz refresh rate was something else I was looking for which this has.  If you can still find one, I suggest picking one up.  The factory settings for PQ won't be the best, but I did adjust a little with the different modes and it looks way better.  Will go into advanced settings this weekend and tweak it more.**Update 25 Nov 2010**I found amazing calibration settings for this TV from this link in AVS Forums which I have come to find a great source of info for audio/video equipment:[...]Contrast: 30 (keep this one below 32)Backlight: -10....+14 (OPC)Brightness: +2 (do not change this setting)Tint: -2Color Sat: -3Sharpness: 3C.M.S. Hue: Default Settings (all at 0)C.M.S. Saturation: Default Settings (all at 0)Color Temp: HighFine Motion Adv: OnFilm Mode: Advanced (do not change this setting)Active Contrast: OffDNR: LowIf you experience lag while playing video games, I recommend using the game setting accessible via the av button on the bottom of the remote under the flip panel.  I noticed considerable input lag while playing games on the xbox 360 and when I discovered this setting, the lag went away.