I was renting this TV thru a rent-a-type place paying $140 a month before I purchased this thru amazon. Let me tell you this TV is the best deal since EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!! I did order thru amazon paid $789 and when it arrived the screen was CRACKEd. I was so mad. I waited a week for this TV to arrive and it came broke. I called up amazon and the lady told me they would rush ship me another one. I asked how long should it take, and she said about a week. I told here what kind of rush shipping is that, as I waited a week for the first one to arrive. She then said she could do nothing. Could not even credit me something for this inconvenience. Horrible customer service on this AMAZON deal. If I knew it would take 2 weeks to arrive I would have gone to WOLLY WORLD!!!UPDATE (11/28/09): After my purchase with Amazon for this TV to only arrive with a cracked screen, I was weary of ordering thru them again, so on 10/24/09 I ordered thru "6th Ave Electronics".It took about another week (11/2/09) to get the TV from 6th Ave, and when it finally arrived (via UPS), it also had a CRACKED SCREEN!!! I called 6th Ave and they had me take pics of the screen and email it to there customer service. They then sent UPS back to come pick up the TV the next morning. UPS also had the return slip when they arrived. UPS was quick to pick TV up and leave.Now I called 6th Ave and asked what was going to be done about this, and they said since UPS failed, they would ship it another method. This time they used some semi-trucking company.It took about another week for the replacement TV to arrive, which to my surprise, came with a beautiful, marvelous, and intact SCREEN. great job 6th AVE!!!------- Now about the PANASONIC 50" PLASMA TV.... Looks nothing short of amazing. Beautiful, Glossy, Glorious...HINT: Once you get the TV, turn the screen display settings to VIVID, it looks INCREDIBLE!I dont know what people are talking about when they say this TV has slight Image Retention... I have see none whatsoever in the month that I have had it.PROS--Amazing display (can't tell difference between this and a 1080p TV)--Good Sounding speakers!--No Pixelation whatsoever (I have Time Warner and it upscales SD channels nicely, although most channels I watch are in HD)--3 HDMI's--Ability to Rename the INPUTS Onscreen... e.g. If a Nintendo Wii is hooked up to Video 2, you can rename Video 2 to "Wii"--Has hidden Anynet CEC abilities... e.g. when I change the volume on the Tv, it automatically changes the volume on my Samsung Blu-Ray home theater-in-a-box volume instead (I use Optical Audio Output)CONS--The remote feels VERY CHEAP.--Glossy screen can sometimes show reflectionsAll-in-all one of the best buys i have ever made in my lifetime... I love when my buddy comes over and says I have the TV every man dreams of having in his living room!!!