For the price, its a good set. Not perfect. For the same money, I haven't any idea what I'd rather gone for, everything has drawbacks. The set is good but it also has its share of problems.Here's the story. I upgraded from a 54G20 2010 Panasonic plasma for the following reasons: it buzzed alot! and was distracting and an issue known as "floating blacks" (never remedied by Panasonic and destroyed my viewing experience.)So I heard that floating blacks were fixed in 2011 and I wanted to try and see if I could get a plasma that didn't buzz so much.The floating blacks are gone. I am so very happy about this. However outside of THX mode they are replaced with floating brightness. However, since I use my 55GT30 exclusively in THX mode, this isn't that great of a concern for me.Thankfully its been fixed by Panasonic in 2011 either through firmware or A-board replacement. People seem to have had very good luck clearing it up and supposedly television built after August 2011 have it incorporated. Samsung users on the other hand seem to still be struggling.My 55GT30 still buzzes however not *nearly*? as bad. I can still hear it from my sitting position in certain situations. However it isn't as bad as 2010. In most instances I cannot hear it over content. Yet when displaying break in slides (pure grey screen) it buzzes something fierce which is scary. I'm still deciding whether I will keep the TV and accept the slight buzzing, or return it and try an LED. The thing with buzzing is that its so variable and hard to nail down. Some people are completely immune to it. Some people report that their plasma is completely buzz free.I have a relative who can't hear the buzzing. I don't know what to think. Panasonic doesn't have a definitive answer.My set also has some slight greenish tint discernible most easily on grey material. People call it the "green blob". From my extensive scouring of internet, I believe this problem affects most EDIT:ALL 2011 owners. Some people get worse blob. Some will never ever see it. Its there though. In all actuality however on my set its impossible to discern with the material I view. EDIT: Recently I've been playing a game with a greyish loading screen and I see the greenish tint/blob on a regular basis. It frustrates me greatly that a 1400$ set would have such a defect. Especially given the fact that one of the main! draws of plasma tech is the uniformity. I feel slighted. Reviewers did not mention this, but when do they. Panasonic has done little to nothing for other users I've read about. I have yet to contact Panasonic about this problem. I am subtracting another star. Frankly, I find this inexcusable.If you buy this TV, know, you will more than likely get some degree of green blob on grey material. Whether or not you are effected by it is determined by the type of material you watch. Black and White movies. Yes. Hockey. Yes. Winter Olympics or Planet Earth Antarctica. Double Yes.When I purchased, I thought green blob was isolated. It is no way, shape, or form isolated. It is widespread. I wish I would have known this.The amount of horizontal line bleed I experience with my set particularly with menus hasn't changed from 2010 to 2011. From my research this is a particular of plasma tech. Upon further movie watching there are a couple scenes which annoy with line bleed. Seeing line bleed on the green rating screen of all movies is annoying. I've also seen window blinds bleed through an actor's face standing next to them. Remember this is all in regards to "THX" mode, not some crazy settings I've dreamt up.The design of the TV is very slick and thin. The blacks are very black. I think the new grill design and slightly lowered black levels makes for a blacker black in 2011. However that could be a complete lie,as I don't think the human eye can even detect the change in black level from 2010.In the end, I have to pick what I'm willing to live with for a TV. I didn't go Samsung because they are suffering from the floating blacks this year and from my reading seem to have a greater tenancy to buzz. I suffered floating luminescence in 2010 Panasonic plasma and I will never buy another TV with that problem. Samsung seems to be doing absolutely nothing about it. I'd have to spend a couple hundred dollars more on an equivalently sized LED/LCD and take serious risk with the possibility of uniformity issues, due to bleed, flashlighting etc.Off angle viewing is excellent. Another plus for plasma. People still are afraid of burn-in and I have no idea why. Its a total non-issue these days.  There you have it. I will probably edit this review as my feelings change about this TV. Panasonic support I must admit is very helpful as I found out in 2010. However be afraid of any problem they could deem as in spec, as then you are doomed.The verdict is still completely out on whether plasma's buzz or not and how much. It will most likely never be answered.This is the first time I've ordered a freight item from Amazon.com. To say the least I was very impressed. The item arrive two days ahead of schedule. Pilot freight company offers responsive tracking. To the best of my knowledge my TV wasn't banged around all the way here and seemed to be transported in a respectable manner. The box had minor shipping damage but nothing serious. I would have bought this TV from Costco, but Costco at time of purchase didn't carry it. Next best thing is Amazon.EDIT: I ended up keeping the TV. I'm disappointed that such an expensive consumer electronic has defects like the green blob. I could have spent considerably less on a product with defects.