I bought this TV last year right after Christmas. I had read the reviews at that time about the picture black out problem. It SUPPOSEDLY was being addressed through firmware updates. Well, in February I called Vizio to tell them about the ongoing picture blackout. I will say at this point that the Customer Service reps are all very well trained and polite people. And in all honesty I let this go on too long. But every agent that I spoke with had something new that I needed to try before anything could be done. This was as basic as watching to see if the light went off on the front to having to put a mirror BEHIND the TV to see if the light went off. This last step came about because my TV sits up on a mantle and I could not climb up and observe this before the picture returned. (Let me add that I was forced to take the TV off the wall mount AND remove a wood frame that had been built around the TV itself to accomplish all that Vizio required me to do.) So they sent a technician out who replaced the powerboard and the motherboard. An hour after he left the exact same problem began again. So did the phone calls to Vizio. Now they sent out a "recertified" TV. According to the CS rep, this is a new TV that has been bought back from a store like Costco or Walmart. They said that the TV would only be opened to be checked out by Vizio. So the TV was delivered and set up and seemed to work fine while the delivery person was there. After he left we turned off the TV, went out for a little while and came home. When we attempted to turn on the TV, it would not power on. The only way we could turn on the TV was to unplug it and plug it back in. So once again I called Vizio. Let me interject that we are now into August. And once again a "new" TV was delivered and the old one picked up. And once again the TV picture would black out. So another call to Vizio who now felt that the problem was on my end and possibly related to my cable. It did not seem to matter that we had run the TV through our BluRay player or Apple TV when the cable was not hooked up at all to the TV. Again the technician came out and replaced the power and mother boards as well as checked our equipment to be sure there was not a problem on our end...which there was not. Again I called Vizio and this time was told that I would receive a replacement model of equal or greater value but that it had to be approved. The next thing I received was a telephone call requesting my original receipt from Amazon. Luckily I had kept it so I was able to email it to them. (I really do not thing that they were expecting me to have it.) So now I have been told that I will be receiving a refund AFTER they have received the TV. Apparently they do not trust me to return to the TV but I am supposed to trust them to send me a check in 3-4 weeks after 9 months, 22+ phone calls and uncounted hours on the phone with them. Originally they were sending me a prepaid label and were expecting me to take this 55" monstrosity to a mailing site but saw the unwiseness in this and will be sending someone out to box it and pick it up. So that will take a week off my waiting time. I do not know about you but I do not have an extra $1500 sitting around to be able to go out and replace the TV while I wait for the new one. So I get to go through the prime football and holiday season waiting for Vizio to get around to refunding me MY money. I feel I was more than patient and understanding throughout this long, tedious, ridiculous situation. I own three other smaller Vizios that I have been extremely pleased with but I will never buy another one and I will shout from the mountain tops to anyone and everyone who will listen to NEVER BUY A VIZIO!!