BOTTOM LINE, the only way we consumers are going to protect ourselves, is if we Stand up to companies like Panasonic, who have shown complete apathy, when it comes to their consumer's problems with their products. I've read the reviews on Panasonic's web-site and they are mostly 5 star glowing reviews; I find it interesting, that my review on their site, hasn't shown up to date.I have owned and purchased HDTV's/equipment over the last 5 years; I still own those products and they still work great. Recently, I decided to take the plunge and purchase a 3D, Plasma TV from PANASONIC; this is when my troubles and stress began. I owned this TV for only a year and (less than) a month, when I heard a "pop" and the screen went black; that "pop" turned out to be the end of my 3k TV. This in turn began a month-long nightmare with their customer service. The first time I phoned their service department was on 11-12-11, I spoke with a very pleasant rep and explained my issue. She asked when I purchased the TV (over a year ago) and explained that they have a 30 day grace period on their warranty (if I qualified). I provided more information and explained that I still had my receipt and documentation of when it was installed in my home (almost 2 months after the purchase date); she told me I would qualify for this extension and asked that I e-mailed my documentation to "Team 3". So as not to be too verbose, I'll summarize my ensuing month long Odyssey as follows; I sent the information requested, I resubmitted the information (they lost it, then found it later), I was forced to phone them back 4 times because they never responded (Nov. 12,14, & 29th, Dec 8), each time I waited no less than a half an hour (the last call was a 48 minute wait). As a result of my frustration during the call on the 29th, I asked to speak with a supervisor, "Donna" informed me it would be 24-48 hrs before a call back, which I never received. On Dec 8th I phoned again, my patience now worn thin, asked for a supervisor four times (the rep told me they were not available at that hour, same as before) but, I insisted; he finally acquiesced and passed me on to a supervisor, only to be told I was denied on Dec. 1. I asked why I hadn't been informed or received the requested call from the supervisor prior to my waiting on the phone again, her response I don't know but, you should have been. I asked the for a reason why I was denied, she said my initial phone call to the service department was beyond the warranty date. I asked why the rep didn't just tell me that from the beginning and further, why did I have to go to all the trouble to provide the documentation that I did, when I was told by the first rep I'd be covered. She said they would have to talk to her supe, because she shouldn't have told me I'd be covered as of installation date, it's only purchase date. I surmised that the 1st rep wouldn't have said that, unless she had the authority to do so and on and on.Pursuant to your request Sean, here is the model TC-P54VT25 and I have a detailed log of my vexing experience with Panasonic.