let me start this off by saying I had originally purchased a Samsung 55d6900 LED television from Best Buy with two pairs of 3D glasses for $2199.. after using that TV for a few weeks I realized it had some shortcomings for the $2200 price.. The glare was horrible and the motion was soo jagged it drove me crazy.. The picture itself was great in normal scenes  but any action movie was very poor and watching movies with night scenes in the daytime was impossible due to the glare..I took the Samsung back and ordered this Panasonic 55ST30.. My wife and I had initially looked at Plasma's but we found that the LED picture just produced way more detail.. Though having to run the LED in 120hz mode to reduce blurry motion made scenes soo unrealistic due to the "soap opera effect" that we took a second look at Plasma. WOW!!!!! did we make the right moveConsumer reports ranks Plasma's  very highly.. No LED or LCD even cracks their top 10 in TV ratings.. This TV .. the 55ST30 ranks #1 out of every 3D TV with the highest marks.. even ahead of the higher priced Panasonic VT30 line..Pros..Pictures color.. WOW.. Just WOW.. I have watched shows that I watch every week that I watch now and am blown away from the color levels I never saw before. I love Deadliest Catch and watching it this week. The ocean has colors.. Hues of Blue from baby blue to Dark Blue.. The whitecaps are actually WHITE now.. The neon raingear worn by the crews pops out at levels I have never seen.. It is really intense.. Motion is way better than LED.. there are some jagged edges in super fast motion but not much.. BlueRay is out of this world.. Seriously we watched Biebers documentary on this TV and I was shocked by the details and colors.Cons... TV does look a bit blurry on SOME source stations. It looks great on Blueray and most HD but I noticed content that is not shot very well in HD or HD channels that play content that is converted to HD signal looks somewhat average. I did not have this on LED due to the image sharpening of 120hz.. even though 120hz is fake sharpening .. It still looked clearer.. But like I said.. HD content originally filmed in HD looks amazing.. I will switch back to DirecTV as I find their HD  stations have the best picture. The Samsung definitely wins design.. It just looks really cool and stylish.. The Panasonic looks just OK.. looks kinda old school.. Bezel is bigger.. But in the end I care how the picture looks way more than the TV itself.. The glare is typical for a Plasma.. not as bad as the Samsung LED I had but glare would be a huge issue if there are windows facing this TVI have heard reports of buzzing on Panny TV's but I have not had an issue with it.. I did have an issue with the ambient light sensor that auto dims the screen based on room light.. I THINK though I am not sure.. that my soundbar in front of the TV is reflecting TV light back at the sensor causing the screen to dim and brighten quite a bit .. I have disabled that feature though and am fine with not having it enabled.I can't really comment on sound as I bypass TV completely for a surround sound systemIn the end....LED and Plasma both have tradeoffs.. LED is brighter and crisper image.. Plasma is better for motion scenes and has much better blacks and true color detail that does not look as washed out.  For the cost of the Samsung I was not willing to compromise on small detail. if the Samsung was $1500 I could see keeping it but at $2200 I would not.. The Panasonic was $1450 and came with two pair of Rechargable glasses and Avatar 3D ( a $400 value)  I am happy with the price and amazed at how I feel like I am seeing colors for the first time. I have never had a Plasma before due to the fear of image retention but I am very happy with my choice so far. I have not tried to game on this because Panasonic recommends not doing that until 100 hours of TV use