I have had the tv now for a few days so if anything changes from this review, either better or worse I will update.Well the external looks of this tv turned off is extremely nice, one sheet of glass no frame look. very sleek.Right now I am running the settings as default, I haven't tweaked anything yet.  I have explored the settings and other functions of the tv which is accessed via pushing the "Home" button on the (non-backlit remote), I have read other reviews that state the navigation of the tv's settings menu is cumbersome, however I found it quite easy and rather liked the look and feel of it. One thing I do like about the remote is that it has a concave sort of shape to the side with all the function buttons, but on the other side it is an almost carbon fiber look with just the sony logo and a round on/off button and four tiny 'feet' in the corners to help keep it up off the function buttons on the other side when sitting down on a table surface, this is cool because I have my tv hooked to a satellite receiver so most of time so the tv remote could be sitting upside down on the table and it only shows the nice looking carbon fiber design and the on/off button instead of all those different color buttons. small thing but neat.As far as how the tv's picture actually looks, I've heard that some people have said that the display contrast fades fast when looking at it from any angle off center, not me but I do have mine in the corner of the room and from any angle I can view this tv from it looks great. I also do not see any light bleed at all even when watching a movie that has the top and bottom black bars. Overall I am quite impressed with this tv, once I get into tuning the display it might even get better. There are some folks out there that have posted setting for getting the most out of the tv, which I will probably give them a try. As far as the 3D I haven't tried it yet as I haven't bought the 3D glasses yet as they do not come with the tv unless you get a bundle package. The sound has two settings if you are using the tv's internal speakers, one is if stand mount table top and the other is wall mount. Mine is on the stand and have been quite happy with the dynamic span of the sound, things like voices seems to come from the center of the tv (of course it doesn't but the illusion of it is quite good) where the subject is, other sounds like thunder and off scene sounds really sound like they are coming from another part of the room. Two things I have heard from other reviewers is that the sound isn't very loud and that the bass isn't very good. Both I sort of agree with however it seems like for the volume it depends on the channel or movie/show you are watching, they was a couple of shows that the volume needed to be turned up a little bit more but most of the time I have the volume under 50% or lower so no real complaints there, now for the lack of bass, it is a little lacking but again no complaints especially for a tv this thin, I think the sound overall is quite good for a tv this thin (which it is extremely thin!).The tv does seem a little wobbly on the stand but it is very secure and not going anywhere, the base and pedestal of the stand components are quite heavy and substantial. and the fact that the stand not only swivels but it tilts back a few degrees, this is great to help reduce glare which the tv has a little bit more than some other LCDs because of the glass, the fluid filled gorilla glass does do a pretty good job with glare reduction but it is glass, and that is were the tilt features comes in nicely, you can tilt the display back a 1/2 degree or so and for me all the glare disappears off the top of the display, the slight angle back is not noticeable at all when watching the tv.