I bought the E3D470VX to be a lot of things:1) the monitor for my high-end PC, to do nVidia 3DVision2) a generic HDTV to watch Cable television with3) connected to my older Onkyo receiver to take a variety of devices, such as my XBox 360In those capacities it has served extremely well:  the picture is sharp, the number of channels it picked up from my picky cable provider is good, and the fact that we have bad in-house cable wiring makes me appreciate even more the fact that I have a good clean picture.  My PC connects directly in (3D won't work when passed through an older non-3D capable receiver) and both it and my X-Box show me a great picture at 1080p with no motion blur or hardware lag time (gaming-related issues that plague some televisions).  I've also enjoyed the convenience of being able to flip straight to YouTube, and if the other built-in apps I haven't tried are the same, the responsiveness (time to load the app) is really fast.  In fact, the only real responsiveness problem I have with the TV is two-fold:1) Turning on or switching inputs can seem slow:  for example, powering up the TV may take 20 seconds before I can see my PC's screen.  I learned to be patient and eventually the picture pops through just fine.2) The backside of the remote has a keypad, but I find there are times it simply doesn't work and when it does respond it can be very slow going typing things in.  Fortunately, I almost never have to use the keypad.My TV connected to the network easily using the built-in wireless:  I was going to use a high-speed Cat 6E cable for Ethernet straight to the router, but there's been no need (I have a LinkSys WRT 610N, by the way):  it uses my 5N network.  There are some customers that had things go screwy after the TV updated itself but I'm pleased to report that hasn't happened for me.With all this, the Visio E3D470VX is a great TV.  the "Minor Packaging Flaw" though is quite an annoyance and I hope yours doesn't have this happen.  There is no manual in the package, but the installation instructions say that the unit's stand is attached via a simple thumb-screw in the bottom of the stand that you can tighten.  The manual I downloaded says the same thing.  Unfortunately, what I got instead was no thumbscrew setup, and a stand that requires four screws be screwed into the back of the TV.  No problem...except that there were no screws in the package.  I had to call Vizio's support, and while the guy was smart, polite, and clearly trying to help me, his hands were also a bit tied:  he had to walk through the same manual I did, confirm that I did check the entire box, and was stumped as to why the TV wasn't built the way it was supposed to be.  Eventually he agreed to send me the screws, but I had to hang up with him, wait an hour, call back again, ask someone else to check the system and see if my ticket was in there, and then explain the entire thing to them and ask them to please ship the screws that the first guy requested they ship for me.  The screws arrived 3 days later via FedEx (I had to call on a weekend), and, lo and behold...they weren't right.  In fact, they are identical to the four screws I had in another entirely different Vizio TV that I ordered later (a very different model used in a spare room).  I was lucky because the first person I'd spoken to told me the specs for the screws and I was able to run down to my hardware store and buy my own--but while my hardware-store screws work, they aren't the right size either (see customer images).  This was a really weird way to have to start off with a brand-new TV.I love everything about the TV.  If yours is going to be wall-mounted you won't have to worry about the problem I had...but even so, I don't regret buying the TV.  I do wish Vizio as a company were a bit better organized.