I've been reviewing flat screen TVs and specifically plasma TVs since year 2000 when they first entered the market. Back then 95% were used in the commercial display market for board rooms and computer display needs, some were for stores.I expected great things from the top of the line Samsung plasma C8000 series and what did I get? In a word, satisfaction.The PN50C8000 represents the top of the line for Samsung's 2010 plasma lineup and includes all the upgrade features such as 3D compatibility, the best picture processors, thin 1.4" depth, great Internet options, and stellar picture quality.PICTURE QUALITY RATING 95/100Calibration Notes and Processing Testing: The Samsung PN50C8000 has very complete calibration options including white balance adjustment for Cyan, Magenta, and Yellow in addition to the primary colors. The TV calibrated extremely well with a low error rate after adjusting white balance. With our HQV processor testing, the C8000 passed most tests with good to very good results from both standard definition and HD sources. Use the following picture settings to calibrate.Samsung PN50C8000 Post-Calibration Picture SettingsPicture Mode:  CAL-DAYCell Light  18Constrast  92Brightness  57Sharpness  0Color  46Tint  G48/R52Color tone  WARM2Size  SCREEN FITDigital Noise Filter  OFFMPEG Noise Filter  OFFThe Samsung PN50C8000 displays wonderfully balanced color information and uniformity. Images are presented in a clean and clear manner devoid of artifacts, with colors properly saturated. Colors may seem a slightly washed out and weak at first but further viewing reveals them to be extremely accurate and realistic while plenty saturated. We recommend leaving the Motion Judder Controller feature off due to unintended consequences in taking out natural background blur. However, with this feature off we did note some judder/jerky effects in side to side panning scenes - common with most all TVs due to difficulty in converting 3:2 pulldown.We were extremely impressed by the solid up conversion and accurate rendition of standard definition programming. We tested the C8000 with several standard definition sources which all revealed excellent processing and a superb picture.Brightness, contrast, color rendition and processing all appear superior to the lower end Samsung plasma TV models.3D TV Viewing: The C8000 and accompanying 3D glasses did a good job of pulling me further into the on screen images. It makes you feel more involved. I thought the picture presentation from the C8000 in 3D was very vibrant and accurate. I did not note out of focus areas near the edges of the screen as I did with the Panasonic VT25. There was some flashing effects from the 3D shutter glasses in situations where lamp light or window light interfered with the glasses' receiver.FEATURES RATING 96/100Internet: Samsung has expanded the Internet lineup on the PN50C8000 to include Yahoo!, Netflix, Blockbuster, twitter, Facebook, USA Today, Pandora, Napster, You Tube, Google Maps, Daily Motion, and Samsung Apps which gives options on gaming and sports and other material. This is an impressive list of Internet options for the C8000 series, probably the most complete in the marketplace. Samsung is adding new options at a faster rate than many TV manufacturers.Design and Appearance: The Samsung PN50C8000 is a beautiful TV with less than a 2" framing bezel and with many design elements including a clear neck on the chrome swiveling table top stand, a matte dark charcoal metallic finish on the bezel frame, sleek 1.4" depth, and a dark black/purple screen. The heavy and attractive accompanying stand swivels to 20 degrees. Samsung calls the bezel a Touch of Color Titanium.Reviewer Robert Wiley said about this plasma, "let me be clear that I would absolutely buy this TV even if I had no intention of watching any 3D content."See the full review, picture settings and test results at Plasma TV Buying Guide or the Panasonic vs Samsung 3DTV Shootout at 3D TV Buying Guide