I purchased this TV last weekend after researching several reviews on-line.  I spent hours [...]  going through different Tv's, but this one kept popping up as one I had wanted to buy. I had pretty much decided that no matter what the screen glare or the scroll wheel button they were referring to; to be a problem, this was my TV.  Cnet compared it to Samsung's 52" and they said it was the most amazing picture they had ever seen.Once I turned this TV on, I realized what they meant.  The picture is Phenomenal right out of the box.  The black levels are very good and the colors are very brilliant.  I sit back 9.5 feet from the TV and was contemplating getting this one or the 40"  I am glad I decided to go with the 46"  It has a built in ethernet port or you can buy Samsung's wireless adapter to use the internet feature, something that was a selling point for me.  However, still to this day, I haven't really tried doing this because I have TIVO, which does all of that for me.I love that it has many HDMI slots, one for my TIVO, and one for my ROKU player to stream my Netflix movies.  I have already streamed several High Def HD movies through Netflix on this TV and it is amazing.We had to take it out of the box to get it to fit in my tiny Toyota Corolla and at that point, I did not see any dominant red with the "Touch of Color" with this TV.  Someone else described it perfect.  It is a very subtle, but deep red like a wine color you will not even notice unless there is a lot of light in the room.The TV does have a bit of a glare in a dark room, or when watching movies that are mostly dark in color.  I can see this being a problem for someone else who sits as close as myself to the TV and has friends over and they would need to view it at an angle instead of head on, especially if there is any sunlight in the room.  My house is mostly dark so I haven't experienced a huge issue with that.The remote leaves a little to be desired with it's wheel function, similar to an IPOD.  It does work, it just needs a steady hand.  Even if you aren't using the wheel function, you can still press the wheel down to the left, right, up, or down, which I find easier for me than trying to use the wheel.  It still "skips" sometimes and is something I am not fond about from this TV.  Looks like Samsung will continue using the wheel remote in the future according their website, even with 2009 models.I gave this TV a perfect five, because I watch TV for TV, not the remote.  The picture is outstanding, and the price was great. The HD channels are brilliant and the 120MHZ make standard channels look amazing too.This television has a built in Qualcomm tuner, so I was able to get more channels than I ever did when originally hooking it up directly to the cable line. That was a huge bonus.I'm very happy with my purchase.  Samsung won my vote.