I have this Sony 55HX820, which is replacing an old Samsung DLP in the living room. I have a Samsung's 2010 Flag Ship model 55C8000 in my bedroom for more than 9 months now.Price:I bought this Sony 55HX820 for $1399, including TV, a Sony 3D Bundle/Narnia Glasses and a Sony BDP-S480 Blu-ray Disc Player (Black) at Frys B&M.; I bought my Samsung UN55C8000 55-Inch 1080p 240 Hz 3D LED HDTV for $1900 from Amazon this January, also including 3D kit and 3D Bluray player. Both are super good deals. But you can see Sony really prices its Top Line Edge-Lit TV much more aggressively than Samsung.Picture Quality:Both TV's picture quality are fantastic. But Samsung model is inferior in 2 aspects. First, out of box, the Samsung TV looks horrible. The color is just not right. I have to use the recommanded setting from CNet to make it work. This Sony, out of box, is close to perfect. I do not even bother to look for a professional setting. Second, this sony is able to deliver much better picture if the source is not perfect, say, a 480i source TV program. Same TV program would look much more grainy in Samsung, but much better in the Sony.Motion BlurThe Sony is simply the winner. My Samsung suffers a little motion blur espcially for human face, mouth movement etc, but definitely nothing in the Sony. Samsung's motion blur only appears in TV program, not in Bluray program. I have to say, for real life TV watching experience, the Sony is just better.Black and WhiteBoth are superb. I have absolutely no complain. The blacks are very deep. White is also bright.Flash Lights / Ghost ImageNeither set has corner flash light. My Samsung has absolutely no ghost image in dark scene. But it does show some lighting issue for scenes like an acknowledge screen with a white actor name in the middle surounded in pure black. This sony has very few ghost image in dark scene noticable in a extremely dark room. It does exist though. I am extremely sensitive to Ghost image and other flash issue. I actually returned a Toshiba TV for that reason. But this issue for this Sony is not severe at all.Screen UniformityOther than flash light/Ghost image, LCD may suffers other screen uniformity issue, such as Banding. My Samsung has a little vertical banding issue. It is the kind of issue that normal viewer would not even notice, but I cannot say it is not there. This sony has no banding at all.Glossy / ReflectionBoth TVs are a bit Glossy. The Sony is a bit more. But I think both are doing pretty OK.3DImage quality wise, both are pretty good and leading other brands. But watching Samsung makes me a little bit headache. This Sony's 3D image is very very comfortable to watch. Thank you, Sony. But ..., the Sony's 3D glasses are really uncomfortable. I like my Samsung glasses much more.SoundBoth are very good and much better than the returned Toshiba LED TV. The Samsung actually sounds a little better than the Sony.Connectivity / Net TVThis Sony is much much better. It has Amazon Instant, Skype, Hulu, etc and etc. I cannot find anything it does not have actually.All in all, I would say, I love my Sony much more than the Samsung. It is just a better TV. It is not fair to compare a 2011 model to a 2010 model though.