Before getting this TV, I used to own a 32 inch Emerson 720p HDTV. It was very bare bones and basic. It had no streaming capabilities or anything. I probably spent a similar amount getting that HDTV nearly two years ago that I spent getting this 32 inch Vizio 3DTV.This TV is infinitely better than the Emerson. So let me start with what I love about the TV:1. The 3D works great on 3D specific content on both the 3D Blu rays and the HBO 3D content.2. I definitely noticed the 1080p HD quality difference that I never noticed with my 720p Emerson tv.3. I love the Netflix and Amazon Instant Video buttons on the remote.4. Connecting to the internet was pretty smooth (can't say the same for my 3D Blu ray player5. At the top right corner, the TV will tell you what the quality of the program is in. For instance on a standard channel, it will say 480p but on an HD channel it will say 1080p.Now here are things I don't like:1. Sometimes the sound will automatically lower itself2. The thick black framing around the screen makes the TV look smaller3. 2D to 3D conversion does not work properly at all either on the TV or my Sony 3D blu ray player.4. Even though there is a widescreen button to change size settings, sometimes a widescreen movie or a full screen movie will appear as a small square surrounded by black on all 4 sides. Its quite annoying.5. The position of the HDMI cables and control buttons. My TV has to sit in a corner in our apartment next to a bookcase where our Motorola box sits at. My 3d Blu ray player sits in front of an old antenna TV that is too big for us to move out of the house, so we use it as a stand. The position of the panel on the far right side of the TV makes no sense to me. But even more confusing is the the control buttons such as the power button being placed on the right side of the TV as opposed to beneath the TV.But are these problems enough to make it a bad TV? Nope. Coming from a bare basics TV that had a bunch of bad reviews, this TV is pretty great. Sure it has its problems but no TV is perfect. So far, I enjoy it very much. I will probably update in the future as I get more used to it or if it starts misbehaving at an alarming rate like I've read of other reviews.I think this TV is definitely worth getting if you are in the least bit interested in 3D. 3D content is improving a lot. So far I only own 2 movies (Titanic and Avengers) and both of them look great. I've also utilized my cable's 3D offerings and have enjoyed movies like Harold and Kumar 3D and having seen the 2D in theaters can definitely say the movie works a lot better in 3D.But if 3D isn't your thing and you know no one else that would love it then you can probably find a cheaper bare basics TV for a hundred or so dollars less and maybe add a Roku box to it to get your streaming content.Update:So I've had this TV for a year and I don't use it much yet it stopped working. The sound is okay but the screen turns black. I am not surprised to find out that this TV is no longer in production. What a rip off.