This TV is mounted in a secondary viewing area on a full motion arm purchased from monoprice (ID 4926).  The picture is amazing.  Deep blacks and crisp colors.  My primary TV is the Sony KDS-R70XBR and the picture on this LG is definitely better.  The transaction with OneCall through Amazon was issue-free.  The TV was very carefully secured and shipped from WA to NJ without tripping the shockwatch device attached to the box.  I was a bit nervous about making this expensive a purchase for this fragile an item online, but was immediately more comfortable when OneCall followed up immediately to keep me informed regarding how the TV would be handled from the point of purchase to delivery.I also purchased the wireless 802.11n usb adapter and once switched over to use the wireless device (WPA2), the TV was immediately connected.  Netflix, Vudu, and CinemaNOW are all working great (though I tend to not rent from the latter two).All that said, the TV has its shortcomings.  I don't understand what the TruMotion functionality is actually doing.  I had to turn it off because the images appear to be jittery and almost accelerated when it is on.  I was expecting access to Pandora via the LG Netcast functionality, but that is not available to me.  It may be that it isn't available in NJ, but I felt this was misrepresented in the advertising and was disappointed with this since I am an annual subscriber to Pandora One.The biggest disappointment was the lack of capabilities around the built in DLNA media streaming.  The TV is also heavily advertised as being DLNA certified.  I have a media server configured that I had been accessing via my PS3 using PS3 Media Server.  Most of my home library is stored as .ts containers of h264 encoded HD movies with PCM audio streams (since the PS3 seemed to deal with this combo the best).  The DLNA usage was a bit of a gamble on my part, admittedly, because even many of the review sites mention that LG claims that it is possible but that it was not part of the review (cnet).  I converted a few of my DVDs to MKVs and these will play, but I'm still having issues with the aspect ratio.  The movie that I'm testing with is definitely widescreen, but is displayed as 4:3 full screen (squished) on the TV no matter what.  From my own tinkering so far, it supports low resolution streams ok, but can't handle HD streams.  For a TV that's really made for displaying HD video, this is a bit of a let down.  I still haven't given up and am trying to work out alternative methods to do this, but there is very little to no information regarding the TV as a renderer.As a TV, the picture is phenomenal when connected to an HD source or streaming HD content from Netflix.  The lack of Pandora and the DLNA streaming issues that I'm having are the reasons to dock the review 1 star.