I purchased this flat panel this past weekend. Stuck with Panasonic due to my 42 inch plasmafrom Panasonic worked great also.Best 3d Picture of any I have seen out there and great 2d picture as well.Bonus: set came with a 3d blu-ray player also due to a promotion when you added that  blu-ray player to the cart as wellMy current setup is aPanasonic P55GT30Yamaha RX-V667 receiverOppo BDP-93 blu-ray playerPC hooked up through receiverI had no problems running 3d through my receiver from my blu-ray player.3D Blu-Ray viewed was Avatar. I did buy the 2 glasses with the Avatar pack.I don't recommend the pack, very expensive and you get a very scaled back version of Avatarwith a single non-retail version of the movie. I will write another review for that one.Audio Return Channel (ARC) worked fine and was used only to route audio from TV'sBuilt in HDTV tuner back to my audio receiver. Make sure you check your audio receiversmanual for this as it may certain setup features that need to be enabled for it to work.Any reviews that mention a shifting of the black color levels may have a feature turned oncalled CATS. This changes the levels based on the ambient light levels in the room. This seemsto have problems depending on the time of day or level of lighting in the room.Turn off this feature.THX mode is the best feature on this set. Why all sets don't come with a THX mode I am not sure.This gave me the best picture no matter what I was displaying picture wise. THX mode also madesure eveything fit the screen properly too. I noticed other modes shifted slightly on screensize.There are several 3D settings for this flat panel, take the time to review them.I am still working out it's 3D synching. There are 2 modes. One uses a signal sent by the Blu-Ray 3Ddisc telling the TV it's a 3D feature and the other mode is by Signal and Image Analysis.Mode 2 with Image analysis is the one I am still trying to figure out.PC hookup cable is a little odd, screen resolutions do not seem to be matchingwhat my computer is capable of. I have 2 ATI Radeon 5770's in Crossfire mode, yet the resolutionis being limited and I am not getting 1080 resolutions. I will have to research this and add anupdate on it. In the mean time everything is being sent via HDMIWarranty problemsVery limited warranty, the TV I bought 2 months ago already has a burned in image, which appears to be the resultof a image sent by my stereo amplifier. I have another older plasma by Panasonic which I have used for almost 4-5 yearsnow and never had this problem. Panasonic will not send a tech out for free to look at the TV despite my TVbeing covered by on site service. They want me to pay first and they don't know how much the service visit will costas it's not a fixed amount to the consumer even though it's under warranty.For the amount of money this costs, on site should be free for it. If it's a image retention problem then it's NOT coveredby the warranty. $1700.00 is too much to spending on a product that appears will fail this easiliy.They have image retention tools that are supposed to wipe the screen, but they have turned out to be completely uselessBad Service by Panasonic.