Truth be told, I've been looking for a flatpanel HD TV for over a year.  I guess I was biding my time and hoping the prices would drop drastically.  Well, they have dropped - but not drastically.  But all the while, my top choices were narrowed down to 2 or three sets, this being one of them.  For me, price was a big consideration, as well has having 1080p.  Quality was a close third, though.  So once I found this set brand new for an unusually low price, I jumped on it and I'm very happy I did.I think Sharp created this 42" size class of TV to stand out from the more common 40" sizes.  But this TV is more than just a screen size - the picture quality (after some tweaking) is really excellent.  This is especially apparent when viewing outdoor landscapes (or golf) in HD.  There are far too many picture/color/hue settings to get into here, but I don't think this TV fails for lack of picture settings.  While the quality is good out of the box, a little tweaking will make it excellent.  You can find a few internet sites out there that give you some good picture settings to use.  Action and movement is pretty good - the picture blurs a little on fast camera pans, but so does every other LCD I've seen.  At 8 feet away, the slight blur is a non-issue.  You should know that the 4ms response times this TV advertises can only be had when turning on the "fast motion" option in the settings.  But I haven't even felt the need to turn it on.The built-in sound is good, though if you're coming from a cabinet TV that has built-in high quality stereo speakers, I can see why you'd be a little disappointed.  There is a surround sound simulator option that works pretty well to improve the sound.  Bass & treble can also be adjusted.  To me, the built-in sound is actually better than my previous 27" RCA tube TV with stereo speakers.When you first turn on the TV, an on-screen wizard will walk you through setting up your channels.  Which gets me to my only issue with this TV: I'm running the TV using an over-the-air antenna.  My only beef with the TV is that once it automatically finds the available channels during the setup, it locks them in; you can choose to skip them, but should there be any other channels that the TV didn't find that you want to add to the channel list, the TV will not let you do it.  Bottom line: the TV will not let you "add" a channel to the channel list that it didn't find automatically.  This could be a problem with users of directional antennas.  I think Sharp could fix this with a firmware update, but to date, they haven't.In sum, this TV has one of the best pictures I've seen, the sound is actually good, and I'm really pleased with it overall.  It's a keeper!