I'm the type of person that does research for items that cost $100, so you can imagine the depth of research that I did for $2500+ LCD TV. I began looking at last years Samsung, the 71 Series. This is coming from a Die Hard Sony family, we have had Sony LCD's for years and no problems what so ever with them. I was set on getting the Sony 46" XBR4 or 46" XBR5, but after seeing the XBR4 in person I was not impressed,( I know that Best Buy just turns the TV's on and thats it) but regardless the XBR was being outperformed by the V series Sony. At this point I was very frustrated because every TV that I liked had a dead end. I then noticed this Samsung LN46A650, The clarity and sharpness of this LCD was literally astounding. Well it was only 3 weeks after this moment that I had the 46" 6 Series in my room on my Floating Stand. While I am writing this review, Pirates of the Caribbean is playing (Blu Ray), and honestly the picture is Remarkable. I have taken so long to write this review because I keep watching the Super Sharp picture of the Samsung. Anyway, I wanted to buy it from Best Buy but they could not get close to Amazon's price, their lowest price was $2100 then $300 for a 4 year warranty, also $200 tax so $2600. Amazon's price was $2149 for the TV and the 5 year Warranty, NO TAX!!, FREE SHIPPING!!That Being Said, the Pros of the LN46A650,- Super Clear Panel. 120Hz, 50,000-1 Contrast Ratio. (HDMI with) Blu Ray, PS3, Xbox, HD channels or anything in Full HD will amaze even the Biggest Sony Fan (take my word for it).- 4 HDMI 1.3 ports, Digital Audio out, High Speed LCD, 4ms Response time.- TV is very light, easily mounts on stand or wall.- Touch of Color (ToC), is very subtle but adds style to any room.- Regular satellite looks good, use S-Video for Sat. instead of AV cables.- Also Amazon shipped it within a week, and also the price dropped and I recieved a refund for the difference in the price.The Cons of this TV,- Has a slight glare on the screen, but my window is directly across from the TV.- Thats it.Basically the TV is beyond clear, I have watched a 720p, and 1080p Sony for 3-4 years and my new Samsung blows it out of the water. If you are at all apprehensive about purchasing this TV online then don't be. 1080p looks astounding, and a very reasonable price for the Product.A++ to Samsung and Amazon, Thanks to Samsung for the Amazing TV and to Amazon for the remarkable price.I hope this helps someone who is on the fence of which TV to buy. Also I'm using a PS3 as a Blu Ray player and It works Perfect, it matches the TV, and is very quiet. Plain and simple this TV does a perfect job and at a reasonable price.