UN46C7000 review:When I started thinking about writing a review, I was planning on deducting .1 overall points for every minor flaw, and .5 points for every major flaw.  However, I realized rather quickly that my list would be too short to do it this way.  This TV is about as good as it gets if you're specifically looking for a 3d capable LED TV.PROS:Price:  I got this TV for an outrageous price about one week before black friday on a different website (buydig) for 1420.00 including tax, shipping, 3D starter kit, and samsung C6900 Blu-ray player (yes that's a "6" not a "5" which is the older model with no wi-fi).  TIP:  Shop around, these things go on sale all the time, if you pay 2K for this TV and then complain about it being too costly, it's your OWN fault, not the TV.Features:  Feel free to read the specs/description.  Needless to say this TV has essentially every feature any other LED TV has (save for wireless internet).  I don't really use any of the internet services as I have a PS3 attached to it but did download all the updates and tested out the various applications.  It's a bit slow at times (I have a really nice home build desktop PC so I'm spoiled), but everything works.  I wasn't a big fan of Youtube because too many videos look like crap but that's because of the videos and not a fault of this TV.  Speakers are actually a lot better on this TV then I assumed, the speakers actually sound better then both of my other TV's.Performance:  Very good, but based on ALL tv's and not just LED's I would rate this a 4/5. Compared only to other LED/LCD TV's, the samsung is amazing and easily warrants a perfect score (my friend has the 9000 series, and the difference is no where near worth the 3x cost even if you have the money to blow)... I have 2 other TV's. Samsung PN50B650 plasma TV, and a Panasonic Kuro.  The two plasma's have better picture quality, but it's negligible enough.  I bought the LED TV for my bedroom and wanted something more energy efficient then the 2 plasma's and this thing fits the bill beautifully.  Considering the bedroom TV will be used for gaming, frequent movie watching, and is attached to my computer I was willing to compromise picture quality for energy efficiency.  3D works MUCH better then I expected.  I only tried the movie it came with and the blu-ray 3D looks flawless, in fact it's a better experience then watching 3D at the theater.  2D to 3D conversion is fairly impressive, but the difference is only worthwhile when you're watching very "scenic" shows/movies.  Anything that has lack of depth is not worth watching (standard sitcoms etc aren't that great).CONS:Price:  starting price is a bit high (still well worth it for this TV), but as I said, this is NOT a con simply because if you're willing to shop around these TV's can be had for nearly half the price (including the free add-ons).Features:  This TV DOES have some screen uniformity issues in the corners.  noticeable white blotches anytime the screen is completely black.  Definitely NOT a deal breaker, but it is there if you're picky enough to care.  How often will your TV be completely black except when you're on the wrong input!!  Wish it had wi-fi, but it doesn't really matter because just about everything I own has wi-fi and all the same/similar apps.  Not a big fan of the stand, I much preferred the solid rectangle stand I received with my PN50B650, but all my TV's are wall mounted anyway, so doesn't matter.Performance:  Default settings aren't perfect.  search online and find the tweaks, take the time to tweak the colors, white balance, etc to improve this.  (note that this isn't a con either, As I said I have 2 other TV's and both of those require some tweaking as well)IMPORTANT NOTES:1.  A lot of the issues mentioned in some of the more popular reviews regarding 3D appear to have been resolved via firmware updates so I suggest you update as soon as you get your TV, and don't judge the TV based on reviews written 6 months ago!!!!!!  One reviewer mentioned backlight bleeding in a dark room, I have experienced no such issue.2.  If anyone is wondering how 2D to 3D adult videos look.  Well, lets just say it depends on the "scenery".  As I said earlier, scenes with no background depth (pun intended), are rather lack luster and don't warrant having to wear the 3D glasses.  However, scenes shot outdoors with significant distance between the primary subjects and the background are spectacular (note that this is true for any 2D to 3D conversion video, not just adult films!!)3.  Definitely turn off the Auto Motion Plus. I never really understood this feature until I bought this TV (since it's a non-issue with my plasmas)... It's really unnecessary and ruins the viewing experience except when watching sports like baseball and tennis.RECOMMENDATION:If you're looking specifically for a 3D LED TV, then this is it, shop around find the best deal and buy it.  NOWIf you're looking for 3D but want the best available picture quality possible regardless of other features, buy a plasma.  Honestly I would recommend a plasma for anyone where energy efficiency is not an issue.  Plasma's are better performers, have the same features, cheaper, and you can buy those in "ultra slim" as well.  Image burn is a NON-issue, I have had both of my plasmas for at least 12 months, and I have no signs of it (I have never run any of those anti-image-burn apps either)...If you don't care for 3D, then why are you even reading this?