We bought this TV in February 2011. I spent about a month going to local stores asking about different TVs and what they offered and reviewing different TVs online. I spent a week or so looking at every review I could find about these Samsung plasmas. I saw a couple people had issues, but usually it was with a different size. We decided to jump and not look back.....Now we're looking back.....We got it mounted and wired up after a few days. It worked for about 20 hours. In the first 20 hours we watched Avatar with some friends and it was awesome. The next day my husband and I were watching a dvd and cleaning at the same time. We walked through the room and the TV was fine, then came back through about 2 min later and the TV was black. We could hear the sound coming from the internal speakers of the TV (in ceiling speakers were not installed yet) but could not get any picture to show up. We tried other inputs (old dvd, VCR, etc.) but nothing gave the TV a picture. The menu screen would also not appear which is what the samsung technical support said to try to test the video. Needless to say we were pretty disappointed in this $3000 TV and in Samsung. We thought their products to always be good quality. We put in a ticket to have it fixed. After jumping through some hoops....faxing in a receipt, registering the model# and talking to samsung support, we had a ticket waiting to have it repaired. The repairman seemed to know exactly what the problem was before coming to inspect the TV and said it is one of the most common repairs. The y and z sustain boards had to be replaced. It took about a week and a half for it to be completed and everything seemed fine.We went along for a month and a half assuming it was just a fluke; then came the next repair. The TV developed a horizontal dead line of pixels. This looks like a thin black line all the way across the screen. The day after the line of pixels appeared, we also started seeing a green screen for a variety of seconds ranging from 15-60 seconds when we would load a dvd or Netflix. We submitted another ticket for repair, but were doubting that this TV was going to last the 5-10 years we were hoping. One would think if you spend $3k on a TV, it should last at least 5 years....even in todays standards. The repairman (same company) came out again to inspect the TV and determined it was the panel. The whole screen had to be replaced. We weren't sure how we felt about continuing this TV experience, but decided to just wait and see how it turned out. We were called about 2 weeks later and told that the part was back-ordered for the long term. They explained that this meant it would be at least a month or up to 6 months. I, of course, asked if the warranty for this part would start over when the part arrived since the screen is a major part of the TV; they said no. They refused to give any kind of extended warranty at all.  They said they can exchange or refund the TV since the part is back-ordered for so long. Once they found out we bought through Amazon, they said they do not contract with Amazon and could not do an exchange.  We decided to do the refund and end this TV disaster. They took awhile to process this and called back a week later to say that the part was now available. Can you guess what we did?? We still went with the refund. We last heard that the refund check was mailed a week and a half ago, but have not seen it yet. They will be picking up our TV next week. By the way, since putting in the last repair ticket, the TV has developed 3 MORE dead lines of pixels. Not good!When it was working, the picture was great, even in fast moving scenes. The internal speakers were fine, but we also have the TV recessed into a built in bookcase and it might have helped push the sound out. We did eventually put in surround ceiling speakers and it sounded 100 times better. The TV did buzz slightly (as I suspected might happen), but only if you stood in one exact spot. We could never hear anything from the couch which was about 10-12 feet from the TV. We had all wires running through the wall and into a closet to the side of the family room. We used a Logitech 890 remote and it worked great with everything. We ran everything through a Denon receiver using HDMI cables. Let me know if you have any questions.We are now very anxious to buy another TV, since we thought Samsung was a good quality company. They are standing by the warranty without much resistance however, so that says something. We'll see what happens. Good luck to anyone who buys this one...or the new models.