The impressive thing about the Vizio E3D320VX is the way it is packed and the attention to detail. They give you a full sized Phillips screw driver to install the base, and eight stainless bolts when you need only six. The remote batteries are Mitsubishi alkaline, not some cheap "heavy duty" items. Both the panel and the glasses come with Vizio supplied cleaning cloths.The TV is easy to set up, and the remote has a rubberized alphanumeric keyboard on the back side, making data entry easy. The two supplied 3D glasses are of the passive, polarized variety, with the premium one contoured and the basic one flat. (However you might want to liberate a pair of Real D 3D glasses from the movie theater if you wear glasses. Both of these bend in at the temples to hug your face. The Real D 3D glasses accommodate glasses better.)The 3D and 2D pictures are both great as is the TV off-air picture using a Terk HD digital antenna here in the NYC area. The 3D (using a Panasonic 3D player) is bright and truly 3D. (The TV indicates with a dialog box that it has detected a 3D source and asks if you want to switch to 3D.)It has a built-in wireless Wi-Fi receiver (not an expensive extra like my Panasonic plasma) and is easy to connect using the alphanumeric keyboard on the remote.I am still exploring the various extras. But things look good so far!ADDED 5/21/11:A recent Samsung ad tells the difference between the active 3D TVs that they sell (both LCD and plasma) versus passive 3D TVs like this Vizio (and some LG models). Yes, they are correct that there is a minor "venetian blind effect" (light horizontal bars), particularly on white block text, but it is not really visible when you are watching a movie. (In truth, each eye is seeing a 1920x540 image simultaneously on a passive TV whereas each eye sees a 1920x1080 image with active glasses (in succession, one eye at a time, as the L and R lenses switch on and off).) But, with the convenience and cost of passive glasses ("free" at the movies), and the cost of the Vizio TV itself, the Vizio passive "Theater 3D" is very, VERY nice if not absolutely perfect.ADDED 5/30/11:I've watched Avatar 3D, How to Train Your Dragon 3D, and Megamind 3D on the Vizio and enjoyed every minute.This Vizio TV has RCA audio out whereas many panel TVs do not. (They have only optical audio out.) I output the sound to a pair of Audioengine 2 - PC multimedia speakers - 30 Watt (total) - 2-way - satin black and an Audioengine AS8 - Subwoofer - 125 Watt - black in the bedroom without a receiver, so the RCA-out audio is a necessity.Reflecting on the CONS in another review: (1) Yes, the boot-up is slow for a solid-state device, but may have to do with the fluorescent lighting panel behind the screen rather than the LCD screen itself. (2) I do not get any buzzing at all. (3) The compact remote is a plus to me. The small buttons are no problem if you are used to the keyboard on an iphone. The rubberized alpha-numeric keyboard on the back is a plus as are the direct-connect Netflix labeled button (and others) on the front of the remote.Keep in mind this is a $500 3D set.ADDED 8/13/11:[SEE NOTE BELOW] This passive 3D TV does not seem to work in conversion mode with the newer players that convert 2D -> 3D, specifically the Panasonic 310.  The 2D and 3D images are perfect, but the 2D->3D conversion results in a flickering image that is 3D but hard on the eyes. The same 310 works well in conversion mode on my 600Hz Panasonic plasma. Perhaps the problem is that the 32" Vizio is 60Hz. In any case there is an apparent incompatibility problem. If I learn how to prevent the flickering I will report back.ADDED 9/24/11:In Comments, C. Anderson explained how to get this set to work in 2D->3D conversion and it works. His procedure: Turn on your Blu ray player and navigate to setup, next go to player settings, then push TV/Device Connection. Go to 3D settings and then go to 3D type, click this and change it to Side by Side. [I got a warning saying that the set is capable of Full HD, which is true, but not in 2D->3D conversion.] Once you have changed it to Side by Side, the problem is fixed. Now insert a non-3D movie you want to watch in 3D, and push the 3D button on the player remote to select 2D->3D. Your TV will sense 3D content and ask you if you want to watch 3D or 2D. You will only have a few seconds to push Yes, so be ready with the Vizio remote or it will revert to 2D.Note that there have been reports that Vizio will not act on defective sets after the 1 year warranty is up. PERIOD. They will not repair sets AT ALL. While in warranty they will replace sets with refurbished units. So buy a Square Trade warranty of your choice of length FROM AMAZON within 90 days of placing your order (not delivery). Square Trade will not sell warranties from their Website for units bought at certain stores like Amazon, Best Buy, and a few others.ADDED 5/26/12:Still going strong. Zero problems. Remote repelled some liquid with no ill effects.ADDED 7/24/12:Still going strong. Zero problems.ADDED 5/20/13:Still going strong. Zero problems. Works like the day I unboxed it.