Like just about everyone else making a major purchase like this, I agonized for the past few months over PLASMA vs. LCD, SONY or SAMSUNG, 120hz vs 60hz. Every time my family and I went to a store to view the various TV options first hand, the picture on the Samsung LNa650 and LNa750 were just mind blowing and clearly sstandout from all the other tvs LCD or Plasma. So then the debate narrowed down to do we purchase the 650 or 750, since the price was so close and the subwoofer, speaker placement and DNLA compliance and slightly faster processing were nice additional features. In the end we opted to purchase the 650, as the reports and pictures of the "halo" effect from the 750's bezel frame when viewing the tv in the dark was of concern to us and would have certainly bothered us, although some people are not bothered by it at all.I am happy to say we have had this TV for 5 days now and are completely stunned and amazed at the picture quality. I am a jaded NYer and a hard person to impress, LOL, so that is saying a lot. The tv speaker sound is not as bad as some report in other reviews as long as you tweak the equalizer settings under the custom audio options and is absolutely acceptable once tweaked, at least when stand mounted like we hacve ours(speakers are in the rear of tv, and mounted on a wall, that could be the problem for some, idk?). That being said I have a SONY HT-CT100 Sound Bar hooked up via HDMI and it really looks sleek and sounds awesome as well (and was dirt cheap and very well reviewed by the pros and I would highly recommend it for it's sound and multi HDMI connectivity for the inexpensive price)so even though the sound is certainly acceptable from the tv alone, it's a non issue.I have had no shut off issues, tv shipped with upgraded firmware. The screen had not had any glare problems even though I have it in a room with a 30' ceiling and 4 huge windows on that massive wall, floor to ceiling. I have an ethernet cable hooked into the tv (will get the wireless dongle) and love the info link function which works flawlessly. The TOC which looks like a glass of cabernet makes the tv an absolute show piece in my family room and really, although it is so subtle, most people who have seen the tv do not notice the color, it just ads an oomph and sleekness that set this tv apart from the rest of the pack. The swivel base is very sturdy and doesn't feel flimsy. I have calibrated my tv. Although it looks great out of the box, it can look even better if you drill down past the standard presets, into the sub menus and the tv can be tweaked down to the smallest details.This tv does a good job upscaling SD TV, but it really takes your breath away if you have a HD cable/DVR box like we do. No offense, but to buy this tv and only take advantage of SD and not upgrade your cable box (or not eventually invest in Blu Ray and upscaled DVD) is nothing short of a complete waste, as you are not remotely taking advantage of the technology and could save your money and buy a lower resolution or non 120hz less expensive set. Blu Ray on this TV is just beyond description, and for movies, we love the 120hz motion and have not seen one blur or any judder, and have watched T3, Batman Begins and Day After Tomorrow and have not had the dreaded Soap Opera effect, just stunning visuals. That being said, watching any other tv in my house is now an utter disappointment. I am wasting plenty more time watching HDTV and movies as I still can't believe my eyes every time I turn the TV on it's =that= amazing. We laughed tonight that even the movie theater will be a disappointment compared to the clarity of our home system.For frame of reference, I at one time worked for Samsung's "competition" and know TVs and technology, and let me tell you this is nothing short of the "real deal". If you are one like me to not believe the hype...well in this case you can - and it is why it is a top seller. Looks even better at home than in the store. So glad after all the debates on plasma, branding, motion flow, and model we went with this tv. It's worth the investment for now and the future and it will not disappoint. Get off the fence and "just do it"...your eyes and ears and your home decor will thank you. The best reviewed TV is just that...THE BEST!!!