The picture quality of my LG 47LE8500 is outstanding, sharp picture, deep blacks, accurate colors. There is an infinite number of ways to adjust the picture in the expert modes, so you can make the picture look even more stunning. When shopping for a set, this one stood out above all the others in several retail stores I went to, in regards of picture quality and color accuracy. It certainly beat out the Sharp Quattron series, which is the 4 led technology, in regards to color and picture quality. A word of warning to those who purchase this set, DO NOT TAKE THE PLASTIC SHEET OFF OF THE FRONT OF THE SET!!! LG should have made a note of this fact, because I, like many others who have reviewed this set, made the mistake of doing that, thinking it was a shipping protection cover. Nope, LG says it is necessary for getting a better picture, although the phone tech could not say why. In any case,with mine removed, I have not noticed any difference in picture quality, the screen is highly reflective, with or without the sheet. Taking the sheet off WILL void certain warranty issues.I'll cut to the chase and tell you first what I don't like about the set, as in other reviews on this site (amateur and professional) and in forums, there is the issue of noticeable horizontal banding when the picture is very bright, such as sky, solid color animation (the "Rhapsody in Blue" sequence in the Blu-ray of "Fantasia 2000" is a great example) or light scenes. To a hard core purest, it could be very annoying, but the majority of the time you will not see it. The next issue is screen glare. I have my LG recessed in a cabinet and a dark viewing room so this is not a big issue with me. However, you will see reflections if you have windows, lamps and so forth in your viewing area, much like a CRT screen. The THX bright room setting will help with most of a rooms glare artifacts, and you can boost the backlight and brightness and contrast, however this will make the horizontal banding more apparent.No set is perfect, and the pluses, out weigh the minuses of this model. The picture is second to none in any category, the infinite number of adjustments and inputs will please the tweakers, like myself, and having worked in broadcasting and motion pictures for 35 years now, I find this set to be the most cinematic I have ever seen, in fact a Blu-ray on this set looks better than any movie screen, period! HD broadcasts stunning, Dodger baseball in HD is like being there. Also this set is very net friendly, assuring that it won't go out of date any time soon, and increases it's versatility. The sound on the set is okay, the true voice technology is good for getting dialog from a noisy source, but I rarely use it, as I have a very nice 5.1 sound system set up. The infinite sound set up does give you a sense of surround sound, but it is not as dynamic as a separate sound system, one shouldn't expect that anyway.I have contacted LG customer service regarding the banding issue, they are sending a tech to my home to hopefully address the issue. If this problem is taken care of, I will write an addendum to this review and bump the rating from 4 to 5 stars, which it will truly deserve.Addendum to review 4-26-2011LG repair came over to my house, saw the banding problem, and ordered a new back panel. A week later, the same LG tech came back, very carefully, and I can not praise him enough for the great care he took to pad furniture, equipment and so on. He installed a new back panel, and the banding is gone! LG is aware of the problem, so if you are bothered by this on your unit, have LG install a new panel. The picture is absolutely outstanding. The only issue is because of the glass front there is a lot of glare. My viewing room is very dark so this is not a problem for me, and if the back lighting and contrast are bumped up, as it is in THX Bright Room mode, I don't think glare will be an issue. Love this set and can not praise its picture enough.