I researched HD TV's for a few weeks before going with the Samsung A650.  I had a Toshiba Cinema series 35" tube and this choice is even better than what I expected.  There were many TVs for less money.  Our old TV was about 12 years old and was still in excellent condition.  Considering this will be our main source of TV entertainment for the next dozen years, a few hundered dollars today seems like a good decision for getting the latest technology and the most enjoyment out of the investment - since even a less expense TV is still a significant cost.I have seen many HDTVs with pictures that were less than acceptable especially with non-HD material, which is still most of what you will be watching.  Setting the TV on 16:9, when your program is not high def it automatically adjusts for the correct screen size (putting black bars on the sides for 4:3 and on the top/bottom for various wide screen formats).  This way you don't get the fat squatty people you see so often on these screens.  Even when watching HD channels, most of the older programming (2yrs+) is in 4:3.  Prime time and news + most movies are in high def 16:9.The 120hz motion engine comes preset to medium (options: off, low, medium, high).  In this mode the people look like a soap opera or video game with overly crisp motion and a 3-D feel to the scenes.  Some people like this as it creates the feeling you are in the scene with the actors.  I changed it to the "low" setting and it creates a much more natural look for me.The screen is a bit more reflective than the A550, but comparing them side by side the colors were richer with the A650 and the relection is not significant.  My room has an entire wall of windows and the TV is very watchable in that environment during the day.  That also brings up the brightness of LCD over the Plazma TVs.  You can quickly change the video mode from "dynamic" "standard" and "movie".  In "standard" and "dynamic" the screen is very bright and crisp with excellent contrast.  In the evening I switch to "move" which creates a more movie theater like environment swith rich colors and dark blacks.The "touch of color" is a very classy touch on the frame.  It is a band of red across the top an bottom behind a slightly curved clear accrylic frame.  It is very subtle and you don't have to worry about it "clashing" with your rooms colors (my wifes 1st concern).  Now that it is in the room, she thinks it looks as great as I do!About size, I probably could have gone with the 52" instead of the 46".  Originally we were thinking the 42" but salepeople told us that you need to go at least 10" bigger than your old TV (a 35" tube) to create the illusion of being larger.  Since much of the programming is still 4:3, the actual screen size of those shows are not much bigger than our old TV, although the HD programming (HD channels prime time and HD premium channels) along with Blu-Ray bring out the full glory of the screen.  Since the TV is so thin compared to the bulky tube TVs, it has a much smaller presence in the room - especailly not extending into the room so invasively.  Don't get me wrong, we love the 46", but can see that a 52 inch (what's 6"?) would have worked just fine too.  We are both glad we did not go with the 42".  Our family room is 17'wide x 18' long.