Picture Quality Rating (HD): 8.5/10One big recommendation with the ST30 plasma from Panasonic is to follow our calibrated picture settings exactly. This TVs color has lots of horse power, but it has to be unleashed. The ST30 does not contain the THX certification and the Cinema, and Standard picture modes that come preset will look dull and muted compared to our settings. The Vivid picture mode setting is a joke, with totally blown out with false edges. The Standard setting is obviously to set to qualify Panasonic for energy stars. Of the available preset picture mode options the Cinema setting option is best, but take the time a go to the Pro Settings menu (under Custom Mode only) and follow our settings. One other key to a great picture on this TV is to turn off the Motion Smoother (directions below under features).Once the phosphors are ramped up in the right direction, the colors on this TV really pop. Dark shadow detail is superb, and black levels look saturated though not the best we've seen. There is some background motion artifacts present, no doubt brought to light by increasing phospor output, but it's worth it to see the picture in such fresh detail.3D TV Viewing: Plasma is the best technology for 3D programming since the plasma displays full 1080p HD to each eye. 3D viewing is getting better as evidenced by this display. The flashing from the sides of the 3D glasses which were evident on almost all 3D TVs we tested from last year is all but gone. As well, the blurring in the left and right bottom corners is almost gone. What's left is a picture that gives you a more immersion through the experience. I cant say whether my eyes are just getting more used to the 3D programming or whether the glasses, 3D transmitters, and 3D content quality is what's causing less strain on my eyes when I have viewed 3D programming this year on the Panasonic and Sony TVs. But regardless, it does seem more comfortable and enjoyable.Picture Quality Rating (Non-HD): 8.5/10With our picture settings, the ST30 can bring older DVDs to life like you have never seen them. As mentioned in the HD section they do contain some background motion artifacts and even judder, but the image detail and color will involve you more in the picture. There is also some instability in the picture which was also reflected in our processor testing. It's a bit jumpy no matter your picture setting and has something to do with the sizing algorithm (we think).Features Rating: 8/10Internet Options: Panasonic's Internet suite seems much more robust this year. We were not crazy about the way the Internet menu folds out in layers. It's a bit difficult to navigate rather than seeing them all on one screen. The options include Netflix, MLB, NBA, AP news from different sources, Pandora Internet Radio, You Tube, Accuweather, Amazon VoD, Fox Sports, Facebook and many more. The Apps are much improved with choices ranging from free to $10, and consist mostly of games available for purchase through Viera Connect Market. Skype is an optional included feature if you purchase the TY-CC10W camera to support it.TV Appearance: This year's ST30 is a minor improvement over its predecessor in design appeal. The depth of the panel is just a little over 2" when including the bottom speaker area. It's only 1.5" deep in the top 90% of the panel so from the side viewing angel it looks a lot thinner than its peak 2.3". It will not win any awards for best design of 2011, but is "just good enough" in the looks department not to get a downgraded score in this area. The frame is 1.2" in width which is a big improvement over the imposingly wide bezel frames from last years Panasonic plasmas. It does not contain infinity glass over the top of the bezel frame. The bottom left and right corners slope inward slightly to add a little design and keep the TV from appearing as a big rectangular box.Audio Output: The 50ST30 includes 2 X 10Watt speakers. We were impressed in many ways by the sound quality on the ST30. It yields a fuller, richer sound than most thin TVs. Give the tradeoff between a bit more TV depth at the bottom back of the TV to allow for better speakers, I would take that choice every time (unless of course I planned to listen to everything through a home theater system). The speakers add .8" to the depth of the TV and it's a good deal.Value Rating: 9/10See the full written review along with our video review at 3D TV Buying Guide