Can't touch 42 inch 1080p 3D at this price!  Found it on new years for $450.  But with no reviews that were out there on it, it's a risk to buy sight unseen.  But not really once you have.  I thought some of you might be out there looking for someone who had something, anything to say about this specific product.Curtis is a little known mfr, but their other sets get good reviews where it counts for 3D, in the display.  (OBTW, they're NOT the phoenix of Curtis Mathes, an exceptionally high quality mfr that went under in the eighties).You'll want to read DisplayMate's 3D shootout review on Passive 3D superiority to the earlier (and still market dominant) Active 3D.  [...]Bought a refurbished Samsung BDC5500 3D player on the same order (yes, it is a pattern you're seeing here).  Hooked up both & was watching 3D blu-ray in under an hour last nite for only $530 combined.PROs:  Price, bright clear display, price, 1080p 3D, price, 42in, price, 3D glasses same as Theaters (wink wink)CONs: So-So audio, Stand can't pivot, cheap Remote (I know cheap), And no good BDC5500 remote code for Curtis TVs, "35" gets ON-OFF control only.  Lastly (from my brief experience) the enormous 16" x 23.5" bracket spacing rules out many adjustable wall mounts.  I'll have to fab my own.I've obviously only barely tapped into this TV's feature set, but it did just fine scanning my broadcast TV channels (don't need cable just to watch news), and the HDTV stations I flipped thru come in looking just fine.  And yes, as you probably guessed I use bottom-feeder $15/mo DSL (at least I'm not dial-up) so I can't tell you how it does on internet streaming.Other disclaimers - Never saw a Curtis TV before unboxing mine, so I can't give you a fully informed account of side-by-side viewing competition on a retailer's sales floor.  But I'm a Samsung fanboy when it comes to displays (there, I said it) with 4 of their monitors (up to 27") gracing various computers in my house.  And nothing with this Curtis HDTV's screen disappoints.Oh, ignore the occasional claim you may run across that 3D Blu-Ray players are either `Active' or `Passive' and must be matched to an HDTV of the same technology.  That's bunk.  This Passive 3D HDTV works just fine with my Samsung player whose MFR is leading the Active 3D camp.  Google it if you still feel hesitant.Now let's be realistic on viewing expectations.  Breathtaking movie theater 3D awesomeness you ain't gonna get (at least if like me you sit close to the front).  At this screen size it's like viewing a 3D scene through a wide window.  But it IS bright & clear 3D, has visual depth, and gives just that much more of an immersive experience over just your basic Blu-Ray.And did I mention price?!?  For the cost of normal 1080p HiDef, you're getting great 3D for free!UPDATE 2/14/12 - Good news.  The Logitech Harmony 300i Universal Remote Control works with this TV.  You can find a refurbished model for $17 bucks online.  Since the programming codes for each individual device are downloaded from Logitech's website, I'd wager any of their universal remote control models will do the trick.  This overcomes the most major of my concerns.  I did find a wall mount large enough to fit the super-wide bracket holes.  It's extra-heavy duty made for TVs up to 65" and weighing 4 times as much, costing double what should otherwise be necessary for a 42" TV.  But I'll never have to worry about an earthquake shaking it off it's brackets.Paired with a better remote, I'll up my rating for this TV to 4.5 stars.The built-in audio is still sub-par compared to the other strengths of this TV, but if you're playing the audio through a decent sound system, there's no reason not to have this TV as the centerpiece of a modest home theater system.