I ordered this TV over the holidays while it was on a pretty deep discount ($450).  I primarily found it because of physical size (our TV cabinet has a 35.5" width max and this is 35.4"), but I am very happy with what I got for our money.  Here's the breakdown:VIDEO:  The picture quality is EXCELLENT on both HD and SD sources - no graininess like you see on most cheaper sets.  The default picture settings & processing options that are built-in aren't bad, but (as with most displays) if you have a quality source then you don't need most of that stuff.  I turned off all the "extras" like the ambient light sensor, motion smoothing and so on, because having those one turned on locks you out of adjusting the other settings yourself.  I then used the THX Optimizer (available from the main menu on most any THX-certified DVD like Star Wars or Pixar films) to adjust all the settings to proper values.  The result is a GREAT picture quality!  My sources are an AT&T; U-verse (Cisco) HD DVR (1080i) via Component Video cables and a Sony Bravia HTIB DVD player (1080p, built-in upconvert from DVD-standard 480p) via HDMI.  I had them hooked up the other way around, but after the first couple hours the TV decided that it couldn't properly interpret the HDMI signal from the U-verse set-top box.  (I don't know if this was an issue w/ the TV or the set-top box...)  As it turns out, that worked out better anyway b/c the HTIB allowed me to properly set the output aspect ratio & stuff like that with the HDMI where it wouldn't with the Component out.  I do not have an audio feed from the U-Verse box to the TV, but rather have an Optical audio cable running to the HTIB.  I'll discuss that next.AUDIO:  The sound quality from the built-in speakers is mediocre at best.  As with most of the other reviews I read, I found the sound quality to be hollow and tinny.  Increasing the bass &/or lowering the treble to try and offset this only made it sound muddy.  The TruSurround feature that's on by default is actually the best option for built-in sound.  I did turn the volume limiter feature off right away, as I haven't yet encountered a device that con properly manage the fluctuations in commercial vs. program volume.  As for the "lip-syncing" effect that several have mentioned, I did see this also.  However, as I channel-surfed a bit I found that it varied from channel to channel and even sometimes corrected itself if I went to a new channel and then back to the original one.  Again, I don't know if this is the TV or the set-top box.  I tried it with all the audio processing turned on, and with it all turned off, and got the same mixed results.  Because of the less-than-stellar experience with the audio as noted, I decided that the easiest thing to do was to route the sound through the HTIB and not use the built-in speakers.  This works out really well for the best overall experience anyway.  It is noteworthy that I do still get a bit of the "lip-syncing" audio effect from time to time, but it either catches back up on it's own or goes away as I change channels.  I think with a bit of time I'll stop actually looking for it and it will become less noticable.  We'll see.PACKAGING:  I found the manufacturer's packaging to be lean and efficient, but the fact that Amazon ships it right back out in the same packaging adds a high risk of damage.  The mfr's packaging on these TV's is designed for 2 types of handling: palletized shipping on a freight truck (where the box is not handled individually and is much better protected) and carrying from the store to your car and from your car to the house.  These boxes were not designed for shipping by small-package companies like UPS and FedEx.  Amazon should really consider over-boxing these types of products (as per both UPS and FedEx's recommended standards for electronics) to protect them better.  I would pay a few dollars more per item of this type to cover the expense...maybe it could be added as an option at checkout...SERVICE:  My order shipped very quickly, despite being placed in a holiday week (between Christmas & New Years) and traversed the UPS Ground system quickly.  When it was delivered to me, however, I found that it had been severely damaged.  The box had a BIG puncture area and the TV screen had a golf ball sized dent in it with spider-webbing over 1/3 of the screen surface.  This is where Amazon's reputation for customer service SHINED through.  I immediately went online and requested an RMA and got one issued right away with no problems.  I took the TV to my local UPS hub (not too far from home/office) and dropped it off.  The UPS employee there told me that they are not even supposed to accept TV's for shipment b/c they are so prone to damage.  Uh-oh...  Amazon then sent me a replacement TV for free via FedEx Standard Overnight.  It arrived as promised and in much better condition than the 1st unit.  I don't know if it's the difference between UPS and FedEx or the difference between Ground service and Air, or if it was just bad/good luck.  I can say, though, that I was very impressed with Amazon for the way they handled the situation with no questions asked.OVERALL:  A GREAT TV AT A GREAT PRICE!  When you order a bargain TV from a bargain brand and have it shipped in instead of buying it in-store, you expect to have an issue or two.  However, I can say that I am very pleased with this purchase, and would readily buy a Vizio TV again, and buy it from Amazon!