I've had my pn58c8000 for a week, as I write this, and I'm very happy with it.  (I didn't buy mine from Amazon, since Amazon won't ship it to Hawaii.)  Here is my take on a few issues that concerned me when I was deciding to buy:(1) Is the c8000 plasma enough better than the c7000 to justify its higher price?  I think the jury is still out.  The c8000 provides control of the Motion Judder Cancellation feature, while the c7000 doesn't, at least out of the box.  But a future firmware release may add that control for the c7000.  Most commentators dislike the MJC and just want to turn it off.  I like it, personally, but in any case, it's good to have control of it.  The Real Black Filter of the c8000 may or may not improve the apparent contrast of the picture, but it certainly doesn't hurt.(2) Will the TV buzz?  Samsung and other brands of plasma sometimes make an irritating buzzing or humming sound.  This pn58c8000 is my third Samsung plasma TV, and none of my sets have buzzed.  When my pn58c8000 was delivered, before I would sign a receipt, I listened carefully to it with the sound off, and I had my wife listen, also.  No buzz -- dead silence.  (But that doesn't mean your set won't buzz -- it might.)(3) Will bright patterns be burnt in to the screen?  Quite unlikely, I'd say.  It's never happened to me.  (I have had retained images on my previous plasma sets, but they go away after a few hours.)  What little danger there is can be avoided with just a little care.  Every few days, at least for the first few weeks, use the TV's menu selection for Screen Burn Protection, Scrolling.  The white edge that pans across the screen will make any retained image obvious, and if you see any, just let the pattern run on until it "shocks" the pixels to remove the image.  (I just now did that, for the third time since I got my set, and I saw no retained images at all.)(4) How does 3d look?  I don't yet have a 3d blu-ray player, so I can't tell you about 3d blu-rays.  I do subscribe to DirecTV, so I've watched several hours of their n3D channel programming, using the Samsung SSG-2200AR rechargeable glasses.  It looks good to me.  I do occasionally see some "ghosting" with screen graphics, when a faint image intended for the opposite eye is visible.  And I could wish for higher light output for sunny scenes.  (The 3d LED sets, I understand, are worse on the ghosting issue, but better at providing high light output.)(5) Does the 2d to 3d conversion work?  I was surprised at how well it works, but I don't actually use it very often, so far.(6) What about setting up the network?  Nothing to it, if you've got an ethernet cable connection to a well functioning network.  I simply plugged in the cable and turned on the set.  It was all automatic.  It took a while for the TV to download the standard applications from the Samsung internet servers.  I haven't taken the time yet to do more than play a few UTube videos.  Seems to work.  On the other hand, playing photos/music/videos from the DLNA servers on my local net does not seem to work at all well.  The TV can show menus of the available files, but so far it has refused to actually play anything for me.  (I do have two other working DLNA clients, a PS3 and two DirecTV boxes, so I don't think it's a problem with my installation.)(7) Do the picture controls need to be changed?  Yes, I think so.  Mine looked good when I first turned the TV on, but not great.  But there are plenty of user controls available (this is a strong point of Samsung TVs).  Here are the picture settings I'm using now: Mode Movie, Cell Light 15, Contrast 62, Brightness 72, Sharpness 15, Color 41, Tint 50/50, and Advanced Settings: Dynamic Contrast Low, Gamma +1, Flesh Tone -9, and Picture Options: Color Tone Warm2, Motion Judder Canceller Smooth, and 3D: Depth 7. Other controls I have at their default values.  It looks great, to me, but it might be a little dark toned for some. (Settings edited 7/25/10 to make colors more subdued.)(8) What settings to use for 3D? The shutter glasses cut out some light and impart an orangey tint, so to get a natural looking picture, you have to compensate, somehow. I'm not all that happy with the following settings, but it's the best I've been able to do.  Mode Standard, Cell Light 18, Contrast 76, Brightness 68, Sharpness 20, Color 43, Tint 54/46, and Advanced Settings: Dynamic Contrast High, Gamma +1, Flesh Tone -9,and Picture Options: Color Tone Cool, Motion Judder Canceller Smooth. (3D settings edited 8/1/10.)(9) Screen reflections?  I have my TV in a very light room, with multiple windows on three walls.  There is a window behind my chair, and I do see its reflection in the TV screen, during the day.  It's slightly diffused by the TV's screen coating.  It doesn't bother me, and my wife hasn't mentioned it, one way or the other.--Greg