I have been a Sony guy my whole life.  I am a video professional and all my gear has always been Sony.  Until a month ago I had a 15 year old 32"Trinitron XBR television. . . The power supply went and I felt it was time to upgrade.  When I bought the XBR in 1992 it cost around $1600 so I decided to see what kind of HDTV I could get for the same money. . .  I of course started with the Sony 40" Bravia XBR4 which at the time was priced at $2300.  It had the best picture of any lcd I had ever seen. . .  However there was quite a buzz on internet forums about the Samsung LNT4071 and a few of my friends said the Samsung had as good a picture as the SonyXBR.  One of my friends went and picked up a 4065 on black friday for $1200 and I went over to his house to put his Samsung through its paces.  We watched different HD content and I was blown away by the high contrast, vivid picture.  There was no question the Samsung had a picture as good as the Sony!  I knew if I was going to invest in a tv I wanted to get the Samsung with some of the latest features, high contrast, 120Hz, 10bit processing.  At the time the Samsung 71 and 81 were two latest greatest models.  In early January Amazon had the 71 listed for a little over $1500 with free shipping!  I went to a retail outlet to check out the 81 which has LED Smart (Back)lighting which boosts the contrast ration from 25,000 on the 71 to 500,000 on the 81!  This feature alone adds $1000 to the sticker price!  I didn't see much of a difference between the two tvs other than the slightly darker blacks.  I guess the LED's also have a longer life than the fluorescent back light. . . But was it worth an extra $1000?  Not in my opinion.  The LNT4071 has a beautiful, high contrast image so I didn't feel the somewhat darker blacks were worth the extra grand.  However, if you want the absolute highest-end LCD tv than go with the 81.My mind was made up  when the price of the TV began to slowly creep up as the end of the peak television buying season came closer to its end.(Thanksgiving to the Superbowl)  Amazon really had the best price on this tv and shipping was free which I couldn't believe.  The TV arrived three days early with a few pro-active phone calls to the shipping company to check on the order's status.I've had the TV for about a month now and after watching this year's superbowl in High Def I can say this tv has an absolutely outstanding picture!  The superbowl looked 3D.The Auto Motion Plus feature I keep turned off most of the time.  Its really only useful for documentaries or live sports where the frame rate is already high.  Using it on movies or tv shows which film at lower frame rates makes them looks artificial and un-natural especially on the highest setting.  I also recommend tweaking the color, the default color settings are over-kill and headache inducing.  Check out the AVS Forum for specifics [...]