My 1st LCD TV and I bought the Sony name. (It used to stand for Quality, alas, not anymore.)My 1st two months I would shrug off the following: It would work beautifully for a few days then, out of the blue, I couldn't turn it back ON again. Neither remote control nor OFF/ON switch would work. I tried disconnecting the power chord from the wall outlet and replugged it back in after some 20 seconds. (Like rebooting a misbehavin' computer, it would work.) Then intermitently after a few minutes, I could not turn it back ON without unplugging and replugging or it would work OK for a few days and then start again.Finally, sick and tired of being my own remote control (for exercise, I go to the gym; I don't to walk to and from the TV set so often) I took to the Local Service Centre where after my whole explanation as above, the young lady wrote down, "TV doesn't work." I stopped and told her to PLEASE put down the symptoms as I had carefully explained. She put down "Intermitently --actually she wrote down intermittenly but I knew she meant intermitently-- will not Turn ON.That was on a Sat. 08AUG. On Fri 14AUG I call and am told that it was "repaired", Reseated the Connections. Tested OK. I pick it up. It works fine on Friday evening. Sat morning, guess what? It works OK. (The service centre closes at noon) Guess what happens after 1201? Yup. Again with the same annoying behaviour. Same thing Sunday. Monday morning 17 AUG, today I show up again and they're trying to make me look like I don't know how to turn a TV ON. "It worked OK on Friday!!!"  Excuse me. Do you hear what I'm saying? It is STILL behaving the same exact way as when I brought it in and explained it to you.  IF I UNPLUG IT AND REPLUG IT, IT  W I L L  WORK. I had to unplug it from the outlet at home to bring it to you. I don't have an extension cord that's seven kilometers long and I don't think your technician will come to my home 24/7 when the inevitable happens again. They have the technician come out to me to explain that he had repaired it and that it worked. He tells me that for five (5) days he had been turning it OFF and ON and that not onle did it fail. That it was working. I replied, "Well it's NOT working. I've spent the weekend walking to and from the TV set."  nAnd then I notice that on the work order where it says "Tested OK", their dates were as follows (Remember, I took it to them on the 08th of August.)Date in: 8/14  Started: 8/14  Repaired: 8/14I guess the difference between the first 8/14 and the last 8/14 a time machine must have been involved to make it five days in one.I don't want to hear the word "Sony" or "Bravia" again.