I love this TV!  The picture quality is incredible, it has the right amount of connections, and the sound quality is strong.  Read other reviewers' posts to get a feel for its many positives.  There are a few things, though, that other reviewers didn't mention that I'd like to expose to potential owners.Missed it By That Much: "InfoLink"Think of this as Yahoo! Widgets or the Windows Sidebar for a TV.  It has three widgets only: weather, news headlines, and stocks.  This is a really nice tool to have, especially the weather feature.  The problem is, whenever the InfoLink service is open, not only is the Weather/Headlines/Stocks widget up in its respective location, but there is also a bright blue USA Today menu on the top left of the screen.  I thought at first this menu was there just to select which widgets you wanted to engage and then it would fade away or there would be an option to release it manually so it goes away.  Nope!  It's huge, it's annoying, its useless, and it makes the really cool InfoLink tool useless.  This is really unfortunate.  I didn't pay $2,000 for a TV that has built in USA Today advertising!Also, with regards to InfoLink, the Stocks tool is cumbersome.  You cannot type in the tickers you want, you have to literally flip through a long list of every single stock ticker InfoLink knows about!  They are split up in multiple alphabetical sections (A-C, D-F...) but within each section there are still tons of tickers.  There is no quick way of flipping through each of them.  You have to use the iPod-like spin wheel to do so and, though it's a nice tool to have on a remote control, it isn't nearly fast or accurate enough for the Stocks tool.  This tool would have been great if you could just type in the ticker symbol you want in a similar way to typing a text message on a cell phone.  But because you have to slowly run through tickers, it doesn't make the cut.A Cut Corner: the Optical Audio-out PortSince I haven't yet bought a receiver with HDMI-switching (because frankly I don't feel I need one), I need to use the optical audio-out port to get sound from my TV (and all that is connected to it via HDMI cables like a PS3) to my receiver.  My receiver only has one optical port.  The TV is capable of doing this, but only in basic stereo.  The only time the TV will transmit Dolby coding to the receiver is when you are watching a DTV channel.  If you are watching a BlueRay movie, have the player HDMI-connected to the TV, and want the surround sound coding to be transmitted to the receiver, you're out of luck unless you directly connect the optical audio cable from the player to the receiver.  I find this ridiculous.  It couldn't have been that hard for Samsung to pass-through the surround sound coding from the HDMI cables through the optical audio connection, if it is in use.None of these annoyances are a deal-breaker.  This is a really, really, really great TV.  I only give it 4-stars because of these annoyances which I consider oversights and/or cut-corners by Samsung.  I'll update later if there's anything else I notice as I use the TV more.