I purchased this TV, partly against my better judgment, in the middle of February, 2010. I read many reviews by other consumers complaining of a "spotlighting" effect produced by the LED edge-lighting that replaces the fluorescent-style backlighting of older model LCDs. Upon receiving my TV, I was disappointed to see that the concerns others voiced were not exaggerated. The LED edge-lighting is distinctly uneven, resulting in numerous, lighter-colored "spotlights" all around the edge of the TV, most noticeably in the corners. In a darkened room, they are especially large and noticeable, covering a good five inches all around the edge of the screen. It can be distracting, as others have pointed out.One reviewer claimed to have hit upon a firmware upgrade that fixes the problem. I have been able to find no such upgrade. The only firmware upgrade Samsung has made available does not list this problem as one that it fixes. Besides this, the upgrade is from September of 2009; my TV was manufactured on December 31, 2010 (according to the serial number), four months after this upgrade was made available. I would think my TV already has the upgrade.The thing that really upsets me, though, is that just prior to writing this review, I contacted Samsung customer support via chat to see if Samsung was at least aware of the problem, even if they may not have a way to fix it. The customer service rep was enormously unhelpful, telling my to reset my TV to fix the issue. I have a feeling she probably knew next to nothing about any of Samsung's products and was just following a flow chart in response to my inquiry. She claimed that no other consumers had reported such an issue with this TV. I highly doubt I am the first person to contact them about this very real, and very annoying, issue, considering all of the reviews that have been posted on this website and others. She offered to send a technician to assess and fix the problem. Was he going to build me a different TV, I wonder? I think that is the only was to resolve an inherent design flaw.Now, having said this, let my just say that the above issue was the ONLY thing that kept me from giving this TV five stars and an absolutely glowing recommendation! The picture IS AMAZING! By far the best I have seen on any HDTV to date, and I thoroughly researched this purchase. I do not regret the purchase, and would purchase it again in lieu of Samsung's 8500 series (which has local backlighting instead of edge-lighting - this fixes the above mentioned problem, but this TV has it's own backlighting problem: google "LED blooming effect"). No LCD TV is perfect with regard to its backlighting - this is one of the major advantages that Plasma TVs have over LCD; it has always been a problem and will probably always be a problem until organic LED TVs become mainstream. Until then, you have three options:1) Deal with low contrast ratios resulting from overly-bright, overly-white fluorescent backlighting,2) Deal with uneven LED edge-lighting that produces "spotlights," or3) Deal with "blooming" effects produced by local LED backlighting.I would still purchase an LCD TV over a Plasma TV with a shelf-life. I would still recommend this TV, unless you really want to splurge and spend the extra $800 to get the locally backlit LED TV - a marginally better compromise.