My wife & I use this in our new place with her computer that I bought her. It's got an HDMI out. We do have a smart TV but I fiddled with that feature when we first got our TV & it's a dumb feature. Coneecting the HDMI to her computer takes literally 5 seconds. My smart TV function takes 10 to 15 seconds to launch, then you gotta go through some menus... whatever. I don't have the time or patience to deal with that everytime we wanna hook up her computer to the tv.When connected to her computer, the tv fires up the super crisp image immediately. We've used the cord to watch movies, wedding & honeymoon videos & pictures, etc. We needed a 15' one so that we can comfortably sit on the couch & use the laptop with the long HDMI cord plugged into the computer & TV. The setup works VERY well.Picture quality is awesome with this thing, audio is very good too. My home theater receiver is from 2000, it does not have HDMI capability, Only optical inputs. I have an optical out from the TV running to the receiver. I've tested the audio from a souce that ran 5.1 Digital Digital output to the receiver then compared to the audio the receiver put out after receiving the non 5.1 signal from the TV. It was VERY similar. It was not as good, I'm sure, as if I had an HDMI receiver that would be able to use an HDMI out from my TV, but I'm not too worried about getting 100% 5.1 audio from watching a quick video on the TV off the computer. The rear surround speakers still put out audio, it's just not as defined as it would've been had I had an HDMI receiver. I thing when there's an optical link somewhere in the HDMI connection, it prevents 5.1 & downgrades it possibly as part of that DHCP business.All in all, super nice cord, high quality connector ends. The cord itself is nice & fat, a good sign. Lots of shielding, I'm sure. To use & put away, our cord has contoured to a certain pattern of how I winded the cable when not in use. It's pretty easy to get it to go back to the coiled pattern after we're done using it each time. We then just tuck the coil under the left corner of the TV in the TV slot of our big bookshelf style entertainment center. I really like this cable & would very much recommend it if it's something that your particular setup is calling for.***EDIT - 2/02/14 - I was still curious & not definitive/ entirely convinced about the HDMI in (to the tv, source is the Comcast X1 cable box), optical out (running via an optical cable from my relatively newer 60" Sharp Aquos to my old-school, circa 2000 Pioneer 500w home theater 5.1 Dolby Digital receiver). The 1st article I came across after Googling this issue instructed to see if the tv has an option in the set-up menu to change the audio out from PCM to Dolby Digital or raw. There, indeed, was an option to toggle it & it actually worked on my set-up :D The option, though, was not in audio settings on my tv menus, as one would think... It was under the "system options" menu then under "terminal settings." Then there's an "audio setup." It was on PCM, I switched it to Bitsream. 5.1 Baby!!! I'm pretty fortunate to have caught this now & not much later down the road. I've had the tv for about 4 months... Better late than never I guess.***EDIT #2 - From time to time I'll listen to channel 703 on my Comcast box. It's the EDM (Electronic Dance Music) channel in the block of music channels. Actually, the audio sounded like s*** when ouput in 5.1 Dolby Digital. It was severely lacking lacking subwoofer bass. So I switched the signal back to PCM just for this application. The bass was back & it sounded a lot better. The Bitstream setting works better for movies & shows that output 5.1 Dolby Digital. For music channels, the PCM output is better. Think about it, most music is simply in stereo with some bass. So it makes sense that the PCM output would be MUCH better for music.