After countless hours of research and many visits to Bestbuy, Target, Walmart,etc; I decided to buy this television from Abt Electronics(lowest price). I wanted the best television for the buck(under $1000). It also had to be over 42" and be 3d compatible.In the end it was the Samsung 51d490 vs LG Cinema 47LW6500. So I choose the d490 because it was about $400 less and a couple of inches bigger. The LG Cinema's advantage  was that it had a higher resolution(1080p) and  had passive 3d technology(For the people wondering about passive 3d. I have tried it many times and could only say good things about it).The tv took about 6 days to be delivered. When it arrived I connected the Playstation 3 first to try the 3d. I downloaded a free 3d video about a couple of kids playing in sand at a playground(btw very funny). In my opinion the 3d was not bad and fun to watch. One thing I did not like was that the 3050 series glasses that come with the tv were not covered on the sides. This made them highly reflective(I could see the person behind me sometimes). After watching the video of the kids playing, I decide to put in some games. Like Gran Turismo 5, Assassins Creed Revelations, COD Modern Warfare 3, Twisted Metal, and Black ops.Out of those games, Assassins Creed and Block Ops gave me the most WOW factor. Assassins Creed Revelations looked like it had an graphics upgrade while Black Ops was extremely 3d. I also felt 3d for Gran Turismo, Twisted Metal and COD MW3 was pretty good, but not great. It was distracting at times.After gaming I watched  HD channels on Antenna(I don't have cable). Again, It looked really good and I was pleased with  the image quality. Colors were great and seemed very accurate. I have all the latest viewing technologies at home; Lcd(HP), Dlp(Mitsubishi), Led(ViewSonic), and now  this plasma. I can honestly say Plasmas produce great colors.Next lets talk about Audio.The d490 has the best audio of any television I have heard(when set to movie mode). I was shocked when I put the volume up. For tv speakers they sound good.Now for the real bad news. This tv does indeed have a buzz sound coming from the rear. I can hear it till about 6-10 feet with sound off. It can be reduce by using energy save mode or setting cell light to 0.Update: I managed to reduce the buzz by a tremendous amount simple by blocking two of the rear vents with black electrical tape. If anybody plans on doing this DO NOT BLOCK ALL VENTS! most plasmas run hot. The noise is barely audible after the quick fix and the ps3 slim is now louder.TO SUM IT UP.THE GOOD:Colors(including black)speakerssmall bezelscreen sizepriceTHE OK:active 3d720p resolutionTHE BAD:buzz soundadditional info: Plasma screen is made out of glass and highly reflective. Bezel is glossy and attracts fingerprints.Settings:DynamicCell Light - 5 Contrast - 90 Brightness - 45 Sharpness - 30 Color - 49 Tint - G50/R50color-standard