This is an updated review. I decided instead of updates to do the whole thing over again. This is an excellent T.V. I love it. I will describe in detail what I love about this tv.The SoundThe sound is very good for a flatscreen T.V. It has a nice solid sound, not tinny at all. There is plenty of volume, especially once you use the Clear Voice feature. It makes every sound louder, not just the voices. Once I turned it on, I had to turn it down, way down. I bought this T.V. is particular because of the fact that it had thick speakers. In the early mornings and later in the night, I keep the sound low. In the middle of the day when there is more action, I have to turn it up more, but not past 15. For some shows that I really get into, I turn it up to 20 (out of 100) So there is no problem with that. Obviously you will not get Bose quality sound, but it's not at a Bose quality price. The sound is just as good as older T.Vs. I had a Vizio that I sold back, and that had great sound, but this is just as good. This has better volume control, no uneven changes of volume when going from 1 number to the next.The PictureI have fallen in love with the picture, it being the 5th day of ownership. With my former T.V., the Vizio, the picture was why sent it back. Sorry to say this, but it sucked! The tv had to warm up for 5 minutes, not in this day and age will I allow that. For the first 5 minutes, there were waves coming from the center of the screen that were too obvious to overlook. I would be embarrased to have a guest over and them see this. But, this LG tv doesn't do that. It is ready to go from the start. There are plenty of picture settings, so that you can fine tune it to your taste. With the Vizio, there was always a reddish hue in the screen. I could never get the settings the way I wanted them. With this, only simple adjusting was needed. The blacks are black, the reds are red, the blues are blue, etc. Everything looks really good. I have no HD device, so I can't say how that is, but standard def is amazing. I have never seen such a great picture with my other TV, or the two before that one. They had lines in the picture, with this one you can hardly see them even up close. The viewing angle is great, which is exactly what I wanted. I have yet to try a DVD, but my playsation is great and I'm sure the DVD will be breathtaking. Don't be discouraged by this being a 720p, it is just as good a 1080, and I would never complain about it.OtherThe apperance of this television is great. I love the fact that it has a swivel stand, that is a nice feature. The cleaning cloth it comes with is great, it works exclellently. All TVS should come with one. I'm glad this did, because the Vizio I sent away also had one. So I have made no compromises with this one. The full manual is not printed, it is on a CD, which is fine. The T.V. is easy to figure out anyway. The remote is nice, I love the Q. Menu, which give you quick access to sleep timer, aspect ratio, picture mode, etc. The remote is sturdy and is much easier to put batteries in than the Vizio. I'm not knocking Vizio, just the TV they idiotically produced. Also, the remote sensor on this TV is better than the Vizio. The Vizio had a delay and you had to point the remote directly at the sensor. With this, I could point it in the opposite direction and it still works.So, I would recommend this to anyone who wants a quality TV, for a great price, especially at Walmart where I got mine. This is best suited for bedrooms, but surely can be used for some living rooms, kitchens and such. This was my first LG product ever, and will not be my last.UPDATEAbout a month after it came. I love this TV so much. Everything about it is so great. I have watched many TV shows. I love the cleaning cloth, it's so effective. This TV is far better than anything else I've had, and maybe most other TVs of this size.