Wow!  My first review...  OK, the set arrived Friday, 5/27/2011, delivered from Best Buy, obviously in a huge box...  Its 65 inches after all...  And after the Spanish speaking delivery guys mounted it on the stand, plugged it in and left me to hook it up myself at my request, I began setting up the TV.This set comes with every possible connection that you will need to view and listen to anything that you want, it includes a WiFi adapter for your Internet applications which plugs into one of the two USB ports available and obviously, an SD card slot for viewing pictures, listening to mp3's,3D movies etc.There is also a pc connection if you decide to go that route,but i use one of the HDMI connections for my laptop which does an exceptional job.There are four HDMI input jacks, an optical digital audio output jack, and all the other standard inputs that you would need including a PC and a wired LAN connection.Setting up this beast took approximately 15 minutes, after which I began looking at the digital as well as analog channels that came in on my cable system.After setting the picture function to vivid, and backing off some of the adjustments, the thing looked superb...  I also own a Panasonic vierra 50in plasma set that works like a champ, which is the reason that I went for this one, and the picture here exceeds the images I would see with the 50 inch.I fooled around a little bit with the Internet applications, it has all the usual ones, netflix - twitter -face book etc.It also has some games that you can play and if you want to,and you can download more apps...  Some are free and some cost around 3 to 4 dollars to install in the TV.  Looks nice and works as well as you might expect...  My DSL connection is only  700 mbit so the quality isn't as topnotch as it would be on a faster connection...  Say FIOS or something.I then throw in the avatar 2D bluray DVD, and that's where this thing really shines!  The set has a function in it that allows you to smooth the image.  This is very useful for removing the jerkyness that you see on most televisions when things move from side to side or up and down and it gives the appearance of a very smooth and flowing image...  I love this and you have the option of turning this on and off.  You can see this effect on some sharp and Samsung LCD TVs...  Now it's available on plasma..  Very nice.  The thing is maybe about an inch thick front to back so when you view it from the side you can barely even see it...  And then as you step outwards from the side of it, you start to see all of the picture with no color degradation or reduction in brightness that you get with LCD TVs, so viewing angles aren't a problem.This is one of the clear reasons for me buying a plasma TV.  And the black levels, as promised, are infinitely black!  I viewed it in a completely darkened room and contrast levels are amazing... when the screen goes black, you couldn't see anything in the room except for the red light on the television.The set is 3D ready but you'll need to buy 3D bluray player and the special Panasonic active shutter 3D glasses that you have to purchase separately... Another $400 or so for those additions...  So for now I can't comment on the 3D functionality of this set..  But I am sure that it is beautiful because everything else looks great on this titanic screen.My son has seen it and is bugging me about getting the 3D glasses so that he can see how avatar looks in 3D so maybe there will be an addition to this long review coming soon.  Kudos to Panasonic..  I love it!5/29/11-I forgot to mention the one BIG negative that i have with this set,that is the speaker system within the tv,they SUCK!They sound like something you would find in say a 19"television,thin and tiny...its kinda weird that my 50"speakers seem to sound better than these but i guess that the thinking is with a screen this big,you will be using an external surround system anyway, as i do,so there's that.It also comes with a very well-lit,when the light button is pressed,remote control.There are many more things this set can do,you'll have to get one and play with it to check them out,LB