After the Samsung 22" in my bedroom died a premature death, I decided to give LG a try since I'd heard great things about their products in general.  The picture quality does not disappoint and is superb.  It is far better than the Samsung it replaced, better than my Samsung 40" 1080p and nearly as good as my 1080p 46" Toshiba.  Sound quality as with any flat panel TV I've owned isn't very good.  Don't expect any bass response when watching anything with a good soundtrack.  There are several adjustments for sound, none of which offer much improvement.The main menu has a myriad of options for adjusting the picture.  You can choose from several pre-set modes or go into what they call the "expert" settings and fine tune to your exact preference using on-screen pictures and samples as your guide.  When complete, you can save to either expert 1 or expert 2 so you can easily select your preference at any given time.  There is also a menu selection for 3 energy saving or "eco" modes which seem to achieve results by darkening the picture.  When performing the intial setup I used the auto program allowing the tv to scan for and lock in any channels I receive on my cable (no cable box) connection.  All seemed well initially but when surfing through channels I noted on several occasions the tv would suddenly jump back to channel 2 and I would have to either surf again from that point or manually enter a higher channel number than what I'd been at.  Eventually I figured out that it had entered into its memory channels 2-13 as TV and then 2-98 as CATV.  Once I figured that out I went back into the menu and had to delete the TV channels 2-13 manually.  Now I can surf channels without repeating.  I have no idea why it duplicated channels 2-13 as none of those are available in this area without cable or satellite.I really have no issues with the main menu, it's what LG calls the Quick menu that is absurdly redundant and which a person must access to use the sleep timer (more on that in my next paragraph).  To use the quick menu, you navigate around a circle.  The quick menu has several items which make no sense since they can be accessed through buttons on the remote as well as through the main menu.  Some Quick Menu items actually require more button pushes to access them than they do if you use the main menu.The remote is by far the worst I've ever had.  This is a small tv I use in my bedroom and is the first tv I've owned in the last 15 or 20 years that did not have a sleep timer button on the remote.  If this is your primary tv, that isn't a bad omission, but for a small set like this which is often used in a bedroom, the omission is annoying.  To access the sleep timer you must either go through the main menu or to the quick menu both of which require about 8 button presses to access it.  That in itself wouldn't be quite so bad if it were not for the rubberized multi-directional pad which also includes the enter button in the middle.  The pad must be used to move through both the main and quick menus.  It requires a great deal of force to use, a simple press on the arrows or the enter button won't work.  After pressing hard enough to get it to work about half the time the menu item selector will go past the item you are trying to access or change.  All other remote buttons work easily.  Perhaps I got a defective remote, I don't know.  To solve the problem I've ordered a programmable remote which is also illuminated, the LG remote is not.  Perhaps with a better remote I'd be able to better enjoy the excellent picture.