I waited a few weeks to write this review until I had a chance to really sit and enjoy it for a while. I absolutely love this TV!! This is the 2nd Samsung TV I have bought off Amazon and I would most certainly buy another 1! I upgraded to the 3D TV from a Samsung LN46A650 LCD which I loved but I was itching to get on the 3D scene not only because of the movies, but also all of the new 3D games that are coming out. Let me just say I have not been disappointed one bit! This plasma was very rich and has deep colors! It's much more saturated then my LCD, and you can tell the black levels are much fuller. I know this is the base model but after much research I found this to be the best panel for dollar! I have tweaked it to my liking and calibrated it for my viewing area. I was very impressed with how clear the picture has been since getting it tuned in. I tend to play a lot of video games and watch a lot of movies, so I've had my eye on it for quite some time just waiting to pull the trigger. I would honestly say if it has any downfalls it's clearly the screen glare. I noticed it right away having it set up facing in from my 2 large windows, still the lights hanging behind, on the walls, and the window in the back were leaving a bad reflection. Needless to say I was at home depot the very next day getting the supplies needed to put up new black out curtains, and shades! After a few hours of hanging new shades I can honestly say this was worth every cent! I have a few friends who have DLP TV's and I think the 3D is hands down better on this Plasma. I haven't been able to compare it to a LED LCD, but in my opinion the 3D games look crisp and deep, not to disappoint. The Samsung 3D active glasses synced up seamlessly, and I now own 7 pairs of the 3100's (thanks to the price drop and amazon, yes!) I had a party for the 4th of July and we watched Tangled 3D all the kids kept trying to go up and touch the screen as it looked like everything was really coming right at you. Its easily the best 3D movie I have seen so far. I also have to mention the shipping went flawless as well. I had heard a lot of horror stories about certain trucking companies but both of my TV's were delivered on schedule with tracking information and courtesy call on time to set up my appointments. Both were nailed right on time and both my TV's worked with no problems. I guess I consider myself lucky, but I feel that is worth mentioning as well. The TV is large and I have a 8-10 feet viewing area, it's big but not to big so don't be afraid to go with this TV if you live in a small apartment or town house. It was a little awkward trying to get it out of the box, it's not heavy but its so long it takes 2 people to take it out without fear of damaging it. There is also a stand assembly that requires 2 people, it didn't take long, but again you will need help if you don't want to risk dropping it while getting it on (if you don't plan on mounting it on the wall).  I was a bit scared to buy a plasma because of all the "burn in" and "ghosting" imaging you hear about, but I have been using the playstation visualizer to break it in and get it about 150+ hours of viewing, and I have had no problems with it. I'm being a little cautions as there is still warnings in the manual not to exceed 5% of viewing time per week on static images (logo bugs, scrolling scores, video game life meters, etc) so I've been mindful of those, it's also recommended you not let it exceed 20 min at a time with black bars, etc, which I haven't had a problem with playing everything full screen. So far no problems another reason I waited to write this review, it does have some built in features such as pixel shifting and auto scrolling to help you which are nice. All in all I've been very impressed and super happy with my purchase I can't wait for my 3D channels!