I really love this TV. My previous TV was a 40" samsung lcd, and I really enjoyed it. Like many people I decided to upgrade, and so far it has been a great decision. I was a little nervous about plasma due to IR (image retention) problems which I know are not as much of a problem as they used to be, due to different types of phosphers they use now. Also I work in a restaurant that has a 60" samsung plasma, and we have been using it for 16 hours every day for the last four years and it does not have any image retention. I recommend if you are looking to buy a new tv, use the AVS Forum website then type in the tv that you interested in buying. I found a wealth of information in the AVS forum for the pn51d7000 there is a a whole section dedicated to the Plasma d7000 and d8000 series. They talk about calibrating, problems with the models, what works great what doesn't. Sometimes it can get a little to techy for me, but thats why we have google to help us understand what these people are talking about.Overall the TV is great! Picture quality is awesome and I haven't had any problems at all with the set. 3d is really cool especially while playing Black Ops and watching 3d blu rays. Blu Ray movies are so clear especially with the cinema smooth feature enabled. I enjoy being able to calibrate and tweak all the differant settings to find that perfect picture.I was originally looking at the 55st30 or 50gt30 but the price of the 3d glasses and the lack of the calibration options was a deal breaker for me. Also I just wanted to stay with samsung since my lcd still works great after 5 years.Good luck everyone, just remember people can tell you which TV is best and greatest, but it all just comes down to your own eyes and what looks good to you.Update**Tv is still working great. I have no image retention no screen peeling. The picture is still great on the tv it still surprises me.There is some brightness fluctuation in some of the video games I play, but not enough to warrant a lower rating on the tv. Honestly I don't use the 3d feature that much the glasses that came with my shrek, megamind 3d starter kit are kinda uncomfortable. I would recommend buying the higher end glasses.Well my tv now has some spider like cracks on the inside of the glass. I woke up to it this morning. You can definitely see it when the tv is off or in very dark scenes of movies.  It seems like a problem with the d7000 and 8000. I Google it this morning and seems to be an issue with quite a few others as well. These cracks magically appearing only after a year warrant a new rating of three stars. Also Samsung customer service is horrid just FYI.