My relative, who works in the industry, says Panasonic makes the best plasma panels bar none. I took his advice along with the many other favorable reviews and went with the 55ST30 and couldn't be happier. I was not impressed with the 3D displays in the big box stores and since I usually don't care for gimmicks I thought I'd never use the 3D option. Wrong! Not only does the Panny deliver an amazing 2D picture but the 3D is just stunning. My set came with two pair of glasses and the Avatar 3D disc.  Watching this movie was an out of body experience for me. I predict that within 3 years all large screen HDTV sets will have 3D as a standard feature.Plasma, IMO, is superior to LCD/LED because it had deeper blacks, better contrast and better off axis viewing. Due to it's higher refresh rate, motion in sports is more life like with less lag time than found in LCD/LED. The Panny may well be the gold standard in these areas.I was, however, slightly disappointed that the Panny was unable to stream a movie using it's wireless dongle 25 feet from the router. In all fairness this could be due to limited bandwidth from my PC/router. I had already run ethernet cable ( cheap cat5 wire ) under my house which is always a better solution than wireless. Hard wiring the Panny, Blu-ray player and AV receiver to the router via one cat5 cable and a $12 switcher makes for huge video and audio options on the internet. Having a variety of apts from every component in my system is also worthwhile.Sound wise the Panny is no better or worse than other panels. But no one should have such as a great picture without equally good sound. Please don't waste money on a sound bar or system in a box but instead spring for a decent 5.1/7.1 receiver paired with good speakers and a sub. That's the only way to get full enjoyment of the HT experience.Rarely do you read complaints of having a screen size too large. Usually it's the opposite. I've found that the 55ST30 ( 55 inch )is perfect for viewing distances of 10 to 13 feet while a 50 inch might be too small.The 55ST30 weighs a hefty 80 lbs so I think wall mounting would be more difficult than with the lighter LCDs. I bought a great looking $199 stand from Sams that fits the Panny perfectly and has room for all components plus a center channel speaker.Reflections from the large glossy bezel and screen have been mentioned as negatives but some room darkening inner curtains and spring rods from Walmart will fix that.I purchased the 55ST30 from Amazon and shipping, delivery, and set up was a breeze. The freight lines called and set up an appointment and then brought the set inside on hand trucks. The delivery guy opened the box, placed the set on my stand and plugged it in. Had it not worked he would have taken it back on the spot and a replacement would been ordered.I usually show little brand loyalty but Panasonic for me has been a cut above the rest and has stood the test of time. It began with my Technics turntable from the 1970's which plays great today and extends to a class D amp which after 8 years still amazes.