This is the first HDTV I've ever bought, and I'm utterly stunned at how beautiful 1080i and 1080p feeds are.  My primary uses for the TV were originally just going to be gaming (xbox360) and watching Blu-Ray movies, but after seeing the local news broadcast in HD, I called up my cable company and ordered an HD-DVR and HD cable because of how amazing it looks.  After seeing the Georgia Tech football game in HD, it convinced me even more.I really like the wealth of options you can change, although I found the picture settings to be perfect right out of the box.  I find myself switching AutoMotion+ on and off pretty frequently depending on what I'm doing - for normal TV and movies it looks really fake, so I turn it off, but for sports and video games it looks amazing, so that's really the only time I ever put it on (I put it at medium, sometimes the screen gets a little choppy when I put it on high... not sure if it's just my eyes playing tricks or if it's an issue with the TV).It's true, the remote is a little lame, but the remote that comes with the Samsung BD-P1500 works well with the TV and is a little better designed for basic tasks.  I mean, I bought the TV for the picture, not the remote.  No big deal.The speakers are surprisingly good.  I turned on the TruSurround feature and I'm very pleased.  Of course, it can't compete with a dedicated home theater setup, but it will tide me over nicely until I decide on which HT system to buy down the road.As for the reflection issues, I have two large windows with direct sunlight that shine onto my TV screen, and while I can see a perfect reflection on the screen when the TV is off, when the TV is on the picture is so bright and vibrant that you seriously don't see any reflections at all.  The exception is when you are watching something with lots of dark colors - then you can see the reflections, but it really isn't bad enough to bother me at all.The black levels on this TV are --AMAZING--.  The deepest blacks are just as dark as the bezel around the screen, and the sheer amount of black shades this TV can produce is mindboggling... it's light years ahead of other LCDs.  I watched Sunshine on Blu-Ray and the frequent space shots (it's a sci-fi movie) were incredibly realistic because of how perfect the black levels were.  It's great for gaming, too - I played Dead Space on xbox360 for a few hours and there are frequent times when the lights go out and lighting is minimal.  On my computer's LCD screen (a Hanns-G 22 incher) I could barely see anything because of how bad the black levels used to be, but on this Samsung I can see everything perfectly without any of the washed-out black levels I was used to on the other screen.  Simply beautiful.The touch-of-color looks cool when the TV is off, but I never even notice it unless I'm consciously looking for it.  It's a purely aesthetic thing, and it adds to the glossy beauty of the screen and bezel.Connectivity is perfectly adequate, and it's very easy to navigate inputs.  No cons here.My only true complaint about this TV isn't even confined to just this TV - it's more so for all HDTVs.  This is my first HDTV, and I was worried when I kept reading that non-HD (standard definition) broadcasts look bad on HDTVs.  Well, they were right.  Regular cable channels look really bad on HDTVs, but HD cable channels are unbelievably pretty.  It's kind of strange how bad some of the non-HD cable channels look, but I can say that as bad as they look on this Samsung, they actually look better on here than on any other HDTV I researched.  I looked at a Polaroid and a Phillips LCD HDTV with non-HD cable broadcasts and it was truly unbearably bad.  With this Samsung, it's only slightly disappointing.  So, while it's a con, this TV actually does it better than the other ones I've seen.  The only thing that can slightly rectify some of the poor standard-def quality issues is changing the aspect ratio from 16:9 to 4:3.  It looks smaller, obviously, but sometimes it makes a difference.All in all, I couldn't be more pleased with this TV.  It's truly beautiful, and I am so glad I waited to pull the trigger long enough to grab a TV like the LN46A650.  Blu-Ray and Xbox360 have never looked so amazing, and Amazon had the cheapest price hands down (it's cheap to begin with here, but the free $200 Blu-Ray player was the icing on the cake).