I did not set out to buy a 3D television. I have seen the technology on display at stores and while it is impressive, I can't see myself looking at TV with goggles on for very much time. When I am watching TV I typically have the laptop open and I'm up and around the house. To sit and actually watch an entire movie etc in 3D.....not happeing.That being said there was an excellent deal on this TV at a Big Box retailer that made me check it out.So far it is simply excellent. I bought an open box and together with the TV,extended warranty, professional calibration and a slimline type wall mount I was out the door for less than $1600 tax ,tags everything.I loaded it, no box, in the back of the Saturn Vue and took it home being careful to keep it upright as they say you should with plasmas.I set up the mount and hung it up on the wall and with much anticipation flicked the button on the expensive looking remote.The picture is simply jaw dropping. I had a 42 in LG Scarlet TV before and have since moved it the the bedroom. The LG has a great HD picture but this new Samsung plasma is something else.  I shopped for a new larger TV for some time and spent quite a while looking at TV after TV  andto try and gauge just which had the best bang for the buck. The balck levels on this TV are superb amoung the best I have seen. The clarity rivals that of the best LCD LED models that I have looked at. The picture is just simply richer and has more depth with the better plasmas. The model that I have was also was set up with the store demo. When this is on, it will revert the picture back to the "dynamic" setting every half hour or so unless reset. To do this you need to have the source on the TV set to "TV". Next you go into the plug and play menu and scroll through and select the home mode instead of store mode. Presto, no more eye searing colors on the TV screen.The rest of the menu setup is very intuitive. Even though mine did not come with a manual ,that information is readily available online.Bluray DVDs look extremely clear and motion blur is a thing of the past. The LG I have does an ok job with motion blur but this Samsung all but eliminates it. Sports on the Samsung are awesome to look at and the field on football games now looks much more realistic.I have it hooked up to a Harmon Kardon AV reciever, Sony blueray and the no longer available AR speakers. Its a good  combination. To get much better you would have to spend a lot more money I think.The TV also looks great on the wall with the Sanus mount. Its looks just like a framed painting. I hide the wires behind the wall for a seamless look.I have not yet tried the 3D capabilities. As I mention before I don't think that's something I'm interested in. I may be wrong but I think 3D will go the way of quadrophonic sound soon enough as long as you have to wear the expensive glasses. Like I say, I may be wrong but, I don' think so.Otherwise the wireless connectivity is decent. The sales guy told me that the TV's typically don't have as much ram as the wireless DVD's so they can't stream movies as well. Don't know, seems ok to me with  Netflix.You may walk right past these TV's if you are looking for Plasma as they are shockingly thin for a Plasma. I even saw the open box price on mine and thought it was a mistake because this TV was obviously one of those new fangled LED things. Nope, its a Plasma with Plasma picture and deep blacks and no motion blur etc. I have not heard any buzzing from mine at all. In addition it only uses about 153 watts of power according to my watt meter gadget I have.In short its an awesome Television with up to the minute capabilites at a very good price. My recomendation is to buy it and stop agonizing. You will not regret it.