Let me just say first that I'm blown away by Amazon.  I've never bought a TV online before and I was very apprehensive but Amazon has so impressed me that I'll never feel that way again.  The TV was delivered promptly and with expert care.  The shipping company were amazing. Amazon offered the best value and price. Tax free and free shipping.  Now onto the TV.I researched TV's for over 6 months.  I also was contemplating upgrading to an HDTV for over 2 years.  Every review I read said that the Samsung LCD's offered the most features and the best picture quality for the price and then THIS TV came out.  The 650 Series.  A product model will come out once in a blue moon from a company that obviously was a labor of love and this is it.  It's nearly flawless (Actually its perfect to me. I can't find a flaw but i'm sure there is one somewhere)  and offers the best picture the best look and the most features compared to any competitor.  The overall package of the 650 series surpasses the 7 and 8 series.  This is the sweet spot of all the 2008 Samsung models.  Don't bother with the 5, 7 or 8 series.The color's are perfect and explode off the screen.  The Black Levels are Plasma quality.  You'd have to pay 2500 - 3000 Dollars to get a Plasma with better Blacks.  Think about that.  Yes Plasma's surpass LCD's on Black Levels but this TV Blows every Plasma away on Black Levels except the high end 2008 Plasmas.  So if you go to your friend's house who has a Plasma from a couple years ago, this TV will destroy it.  Within 5 years LCD's will overtake Plasma's completely.  The viewing angle quality is superb.  I stood on the side of the TV where NO ONE would ever attempt to watch TV and there was NO loss of quality in the picture.  The Touch of Red is beautiful.  I was very very unsure I'd like it.  When I first saw it online I thought it was neat that they took a bold approach to go with a radically different aesthetic then everyone else's TV's but I was afraid in my living room it would look garish or cheap.  My fears were gone when I saw the TV in person at Best Buy one day. In normal lighting (as it's meant to be seen in a room) the red  accents and blends into a deep burgundy and black on the frame.  Samsung knew what they were doing.  The Red would only stand out if you had spot lights shining on this TV.  Who is going to do that?  They really knew what they were doing.  The Red is gorgeous.I was a die hard Plasma fanatic and was dead set on getting a Panasonic until I saw this TV which in my opinion blows it away.Samsung has a long reputation for going above and beyond in the quality they deliver in a TV.  Believe me I know.  My last TV which I bought 8 years ago was a Samsung Flat Screen CRT with progressive scan native resolution and the ability to display 1080I resolution.  I bought it for 800 dollars.  Those features on a CRT at that price were unheard of 8 years ago.The last thing I expected to do was to come back to Samsung.  When I first started doing my research into HDTV's I figured it was a different playing field then CRT's.  I was wrong.  Samsung is just as committed to delivering the very best now as they were 8 years ago.  I didn't expect it. I wasn't looking for it but here I am and very happy about it.  Get this TV.  You'll never regret it.