The Panasonic ST series sits at the perfect price point for those who are looking for a high quality television without breaking the bank.  The ST series loses the THX designation and some of the advanced adjustment features of the Panasonic GT and VT series, but it allows you to get a very good television under the 50in. minimum of the higher-end series.My experience with the television over the last few weeks has been positive.  Setting up the unit is straightforward and the guide appears to be written by someone who speaks English (Spanish and French are also available).  There are an ample number of connections for digital and analog services.  For grins, I plugged in my cable connection directly from the wall (bypassing the cable box) and the TV pulled down 80 analog channels and 40 digital channels with excellent clarity.  Initial setup takes you through everything that you will need your TV to due from labeling inputs, setting up a wireless internet connection to your home/office network, adjusting the clock, etc.A 802.11b/g/n wireless adapter comes included with the television and can either be plugged directly into one of two USB ports or attached using the included USB extension dongle.  Using the USB extender provides a clean look with no visible wires or attachments.  The adapter sticks out from the edge of the television about an inch if you opt to plug it in directly.  Since a final 802.11n standard has yet to be established, the adapter may have issues with your wireless network.  I use a Netgear router without any issues.  If you have troubles, I would recommend using a wireless bridge rather trying to find a suitable adapter, especially if you are using the TV with a Blu-ray player, game console, or any other devices that require an internet connection.The Viera Cast service turns the television to the internet with built in apps for most of the major streaming content providers (Netflix, Amazon Video, Alphaline, You Tube, etc.) in addition to a host of apps for games, sports, weather, news, and social networking.  Each time you access Viera Cast it will check for updates that must be completed prior to proceeding.  Usually this takes just a couple minutes if an update is required, but can be irritating when you want to do/view something.The image quality on this television is excellent out of the box with very black blacks and true colors.  The anti-glare screen works well in most situations.  I have noticed that at some, usually extreme, angles there is a good deal of reflection, but when viewed from a typical angle the result is very good.  2-D SD and HD are both excellent with no noticeable artifacts or ghosting.  I have not had a chance to test the 3-D viewability since the glasses (sold separately) are prohibitively expensive and there is not enough content out to justify the price at this time.  This should not dissuade a purchase, since it is now almost impossible to find a television with great 2-D viewability without 3-D capabilities.Overall, this is an excellent television and disputably the best under 50 inches.  The videophile will miss the advance color tuning options and THX capabilites, but those features simply don't exist in the current model year sub-50in televisions.