I purchased this TV right after Jan 1, 2012 trying to take advantage of after Christmas sales.  The TV worked very well for the first 2 weeks.  My son had it on all day on a Saturday watching basketball games and he turned it off in the evening.  When he attempted to turn it back on after 20 minutes, he could only get sound.  Once it cooled down over night It again worked the next day.  We continued to have intermittent trouble over the next week.  When I called Phillips about the problem, I was told that they would send someone right out within one week to fix it.  They put me in contact with a contractor called Nexicore who told me that someone would be here with in a week but they first needed to order parts.  I should have figured something was not quite right as no one had looked at the TV and they were already ordering parts.  Some 2 1/2 weeks later, I called Nexicore back to find out that the parts had been backordered.  Neither Nexicore or Phillips bothered to call or Email me the delay.  When I first discussed the problem with Phillips, I had mentioned returning the set to Amazon and they stated that they would have someone right out to fix it or they would replace it.  When I called them back about the back order they told me that some one in the main office had seen the back order but decided that I could wait for the parts.Well the repair man finally came today, 2/ 27/ 2012.  He took the set a part and replaced both the power source and the "inverter,' two large boards on the back inside of the set.  He plugged it back in and the set did not come on.  He then unplugged and held the on switch on for about 20 seconds, replugged it back in and it came on.  I told him that since the problem was intermittent, I feared that the set would again give us trouble.  I also told him, it often gave us trouble after it had been on for awhile and we switch it off.  If we then attempted to turn it back on, only the sound came on.  So I was fearful that his "test' might mean nothing.  I explained to him that I turned the set on 2 hours before he came to attempt to  cause the problem when he arrived and indeed that procedure worked.  He turned off the set and turned it back on and only got sound.  Any way the repairman left insisting it was fixed.  Also interesting to note that I had negotiated with the repair shop to come at 9:00 AM and when I phoned them this morning when the repair man was late, they stated that they had a 2 hour window.  This was not part of the original negotiation.I call the repair shop back after the set would not again work  and they told me to call Phillips, I did that and they told me to call Nexicore the repair shop back and give them the original repair number and have them come out again.  I reminded phillips that we were over 5 weeks in attempting to fix the problem but they told me that I would need to go the same route again.  I called Nexicore back and the man on the other end was extremely rude blaming all the problem on Phillips.  He told me they could come out again but would again have to order parts.  I asked him which parts and he told me the main board.  I asked how long it would take and he told me five business days if they could get the parts.  I will not go into the rudeness of this man but will assure you he was no gem to talk to and would only screen at me and ask me questions most of the time continuing to talk without giving me the chance to answer the question.Next, I called Amazon and explained to them what had happened.  I was now a few days past the Amazon return date.  They told me to package the set back in the original packaging if I had it  and told me UPS would be by to pick it up.  They would handle Phillips and give my account credit.  While Amazon was polite and efficient, Phillips and their contractor were difficult to deal with.  For these reasons, I would not recommend buying a Phillips set  even though when it worked it seemed to work very well.  The picture was good the remote worked very well and the computer components worked well.DennisIrvine, CA