I have been using the TV for a few days now and wanted to do a quick review on the quality of the picture for other potential buyers.I love the picture. I was really torn between this 55HX820 Bravia LED and a 55inch Panasonic plasma with similar features. I'm happy to say that this TV is great. To me it really breaks down to my biggest pet peeves, grainy blacks and blurred motion. I think that most new TVs (plasma or LED) have pretty good HD picture quality when the content you are watching is slow moving or still and the contrast is low. But what I looked for was a TV in my price range that gave the best contrast (deep blacks) and least blur when watching sports. This TV definitely delivers that. The blacks are very deep and I do not detect any grainy or dark blue tinge to it as some other reviews suggested. I don't see any "bleeding" of light in dark scenes. It really gives you some amazing contrast. There's nothing more distracting to me than watching a show or movie and seeing splotchy areas when the scene is dark. I have not seen that happen at all with this TV.Ok now on the the motion. When watching football, if you sit at the recommended viewing distance from the TV, you won't notice any blurring around the players. If you stand right in front of the TV (within 3 or 4 feet) of this 55 inch TV, you can see that there is some sort of motion processing or image smoothing going on just around the outline of the player in motion - and not the whole picture, just the object in motion. So, right out of the box when I was sitting up close to the screen like a kid with a new toy on Christmas, I noticed some blur right around the outline of the players running on the football field. And if you stare hard enough at that distance, you can see some kind of grainy blacks at times. But that's when you're actually close enough to pick out those small details. If you go back to even 5 or 6 feet away, you won't see that stuff. In fact, I love the picture. In my opinion, the picture is slightly better than the other plasma TVs I've seen in the store or in a couple of friends' homes - that comparison applies mostly when it comes to the blacks being very clean and not grainy. When viewing those plasmas (new or older)I have always noticed this slight "sparkly movement" in the picture when the scene is still. But I always liked the motion on plasma. I think the crisp motion on this TV is almost hard to tell the difference from plasma TVs (which I think have pretty crisp motion inherently).So the bottom line is that this TV (when you're not sitting right against the glass) has very good color with deep blacks AND has beautifully crisp motion for fast moving content like football games. It's super thin and looks good mounted on the wall whether it's turned on or off. It's cheap to own (about $16 per year to operate). And the universal remote will work with my cable box DVR and other various players. Also I downloaded an app from the android market for free that lets you use your phone or tablet as a remote control. Fantastic TV so far.Keep in mind that I haven't tried the 3D (no glasses) and haven't had much time to play with the apps. So this review doesn't reflect anything to do with those features.