Here is a transcript of my chat with a Samsung customer service rep concerning replacing my 3D glasses that are no longer compatible with the set they replaced the faulty set with.  They replaced my PN58C8000 with a PN59D8000.Chat Transcriptinfo: Please wait for a Samsung Agent to respond.info: You are now chatting with 'Sandra'. There will be a brief survey at the end of our chat to share feedback on my performance today.info: Your Issue ID for this chat is LTK5640607865XSandra: Hi, thanks for reaching out to Samsung tech support. How can I help you today?Scott : Hi SandraSandra: Please go ahead.Scott : I had my PN58C8000 replaced with a PN59D8000 due to several failures of my first TV. Unfortunately, my 3D glasses no longer work with the newer model. Whould it be possible to have some compatible 3D glasses sent so that we can enjoy 3D once again.Scott : The ticket number was 7816Sandra: I understand that you want the information about the 3D glasses compatible with your TV. Is that correct?Scott : I would like to have my old glasses replace with nwere compatable glasses for the new 3D plasma.Sandra: Thank you for confirming.Sandra: Would you mind holding a few minutes while I gather the required information for your request?Scott : not at all, thanksSandra: Thank you for holding.Sandra: I've checked your query. The 3D glasses doesn't come with the TV. You need to purchase the 3D glasses seperatley.Sandra: However I could provide you with the information about the 3D glasses compatible with your TV.Scott : Understood. Here's the deal. My Samsung product that was still under warranty failed twice. Samsung decided to replace the TV with a newer model. I should not be penalized for a faulty Samsung product that was under warranty. I should receive new glasses to replace the old ones that are no longer compatable. Why should I come out of pocket to replace the glasses that came with the first TV.Sandra: I can understand your concern. However, 3D glasses are not provided with TV. You need to purchase the glasses seperatley.Sandra: It has been a while since I've received a message from you. Are we still connected?Scott : I know Samsung has replaced old glasses for other customers that have had this same problem. There are MANY!!!! Just search the forums. Samsung on many occasions issues vouchers to replace the glasses as a good faith gesture that they stand behind there products and for the inconvenience of having to go through constant TV failures due to know issues with the 2010 sets.Sandra: Would you mind holding a few minutes while I gather the required information for your request?Scott : No Problem, Thanks!!Sandra: You're welcome.Sandra: Thank you for holding.Sandra: I've checked your transaction ticket and see that the TV was replaced. With the TV you will not get the glasses. You need to purchase the glasses seperately.Sandra: I can provide you with the model number of the 3D glasses that are compatible with the TV.Scott : As they say on SNL...REALLY...REALLY SAMSUNG!!!! Oh well, you did your best to correct a problem SAMSUNG caused. Thanks for you help.Sandra: I am sorry, I couldn't help you fix the issue over the chat. Is there anything else I might be able to assist you with?Scott : $50 each to replace the glasses!!!Sandra: SSG-3100GB,SSG-3500CR and SSG-P3700CR are the 3D glasses that are compatible with your TV.Scott Bordelon: Thanks!! Have a good day ;)Sandra: You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?Scott : We are good.Sandra: Thank you for chatting with us. If you have a minute, please click on the blue "X close" button to receive a transcript of your chat and fill out a brief survey to help us serve you better. Have a wonderful day!Follow Samsung Service on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.Need I say more!!!!!