I just got this TV a few weeks ago. So far I've been nothing but thrilled with it! I love that it has Amazon VOD, Netflix, Pandora, and more internet features to choose from. The Amazon VOD is especially high quality, better so than the Netflix streaming.The design of the TV is nice, despite others who say it is clunky. Sure it isn't ridiculously thin, but I didn't expect it to be (I'm coming from an old school TV). The menus are simple and easy to operate. The picture quality looks great. I haven't tried out the 3D feature, but I am looking forward to being able to up convert 2D shows to 3D. From the comments I have read, the fluctuating brightness problem is a thing of the past and doesn't affect models past August 2011 (and those prior have been fixed with firmware updates to my knowledge).One feature I really like is the fact that the remote is able to operate my Sony BDV-E570 Blu-ray Player Home Entertainment System. Despite the fact that the Blu-ray player is not Panasonic, the "Viera link" feature of this TV is really just Panasonic's version of CEC (Consumer Electronics Control), which means that it is pretty well compatible with other newer home theater accessories. For example, when I turn on the TV, my Blu-ray player/receiver and sound system turn on. I can access the Blu-ray menu and it's IPTV and other features by pressing the "Viera Link" button and selecting "Player" which activates the menu system on the player. Then the left, right, enter buttons are all forwarded to the player. Also, when playing a Blu-ray or DVD, the TV's remote works to pause, play, fast forward, etc. The equivalent of the menu button (to access the DVD's top menu and other options) is the "Sub-menu" button on this remote. In other words, don't think that just because you are getting a TV that is a different brand than your Blu-ray player that they won't cooperate, they most likely will if they support CEC.As for setting this up, if you search online you will find that a person named D-nice has put together a couple threads with specific settings to use for a 100 hour period of slides that you play on the TV to evenly age the phosphors. This allows all the pixels to age evenly and gets you past that 100 hour period in which you have to be careful about watching images with static logos or black bars. Then he has a set of calibrated color settings to use after the slides. So after getting this TV and letting it warm up to room temperate, I transferred those slides (just jpegs) to a USB, plugged it in, set up the display settings, and kept the TV playing for 4 days straight. It probably wasn't necessary (and made me very impatient), and I don't know that I would have known the difference, but it is nice knowing I have a better calibrated picture. So check it out if you are curious. The thread I used was titled "2011 Panasonic Settings/Issues Thread" on the highdefjunkies site. On page 63 of the thread someone summarized everything you need to know about the process.My only complaints are that the TV has a red LED on all the time to show that the TV is on (I cover it with a speaker), and I have found no way to turn off the display when I am just listening to Pandora. Also the internet takes a few seconds to reconnect after turning the TV on. When watching YouTube, there is no way to fast forward or rewind in a clip. You do not seem to be able to change aspect ratio/format when using Viera Connect. Finally, the Wifi adapter sticks out past the bezel if you use it without the extension cable (I just use an ethernet cable).Overall, this is an awesome TV. I love it! Let me know if you have any questions by leaving a comment. Otherwise, I hope this was helpful. Happy watching!