It would be easy to write a huge review nitpicking every aspect of this set and its pros and cons, but there are already many lengthy reviews here. Let me give you the more 'reader's digest' version. This is an amazing television! It looks sharp, is so thin it is surprising, has phenomenal image quality and the most bang for the buck you can find. Alright, you need a few more details? Here we go.I have used this set in bright light and in darkness and the picture quality is superb in all lighting. I am a huge fan of plasmas because of the image quality they produce and this set is the top of that bar for quality. The HD is so crisp it has at times captivated me so much that I was concentrating on the beauty of the image and kind of lost track of the story I was watching.The 3D capability s also top notch with very little distortion or artifact in the image (but some of the distortions in 3D are inherent in the video source, not in the playback device). The 2D to 3D converter is just okay, but I have never seen one that was better (I have seen many Blu-Ray players and TV's that have this capability and they are all merely alright). You can watch 3D content at pre-set levels, or you can customize the effect. I find the pre-set levels perfect. Watching a good 3D HD movie on this set is an awesome experience and it has at times taken my breath away!The wireless internet connection works nicely. I have had trouble playing some flash content, but most of the apps work well, including Netflix. I have not yet tried Skype, but I do not foresee any trouble as the rest of the smart TV functions are fine.The remote is complex. You will have a learning curve here. It is two sided, one side has all the usual buttons as well as some advanced functions, the other side has a QWERTY keypad and other functions to use mostly with your Smart TV and internet apps.Okay, if you need some "cons", here are a few; the set burns hot. This is not abnormal for plasmas, but if you get right up to the screen, or put you hand around the back, the heat it's giving off can be surprising. It has no effect on the image at all. Also, in addition to the remote, you will have a decent sized learning curve on the features and customization of this set, so be aware that this will take time. The good part is once you get the set out of the box and go through your initial set-p (which takes just minutes) you can use the set without needing to know all the fancy stuff and learn the finer points at your leisure while enjoying your television. And like every other advanced TV on the market, the audio quality is just decent. Face it, this is a television, not a high-fi surround sound audio system, but it has all the connections you need to hook into one.The set also has plenty of connectivity options for any device you may want to input from be it a DVR, DVD player, USB device, component system or other video/media source.Bottom line: This is one amazing television that will most likely exceed your expectations.