Greetings from Berlin, Germany!I just got this TV as well - here it's called C 8790. I am really impressed. I have to admit that I jumped from a 27'' JVC to the 46'' C 8790 - so from a 5 year old TV to this brand new gadget. Thus the differences are enormous. The most mentionable fact I.M.O. is that black is just black. From former TVs I know what it means if black is something like a misty dark gray... A few days before I watched a Blueray with my wife and within the film we thought the TVs somehow switched off -'cause the screen suddenly turned completely black - then we recognized that it just was a scene within the film ;-)On sunday I watched Germany football cup final (ah yes - you call it "soccer"). It was broadcasted in Full HD and it was amazing how natural and vivid the picture looked. I really felt as being in the stadium. Due to the fact that I live in the same city as where the match took place I was able to compare the sky (outside the window in the "real" world) to the sky how it looked like in the TV - yeah and didn't notice any difference.Considering the 3D feature. I don not care that much about it - I am an early adopter and I know that this in only the beginning and these are the first steps in bringing 3D to TV sets. Nevertheless it's nice to see what's possible and to get idea of what will be possible in future. There's still a lack of real 3D Bluerays, so we'll have to see. I watched a Star Trek movie with 2D/3D conversion and - yes - it looked three-dimensional and there was some kind of graphical deepness added to the picture. Though this is not comparable to 3D in cinema it's exciting to have something like that at home. It depends on the input material. Tried this with another movie - did not work. Looking forward to upcoming 3D bluerays.Mediaplayer! I got this TV connected to a network router. It immediately discovered my Upnp mediaserver (it's a TwonkyVision which runs on a QNAP NAS). Browsing pctures, music and video was no problem. I needed to do some configuration work on the twonky server to get most of my videos sucessfully displayed and some still don't show up. But at least my Simpons archive is accessible now directly via TV ;-)The only thing I am still not able to get up and running is the timeshift feature. I'm using an external HDD on USB1 of the TV. The system checked and formated it. I am able to pause the TV (starting timeshift) but when I try to contunue watching after 30-40 seconds the picture freezes and I have to switch the channel to get it all working again. If I try to replay the timeshift from its beginning i got a message similar to "Unsupported mode, please switch the resolution". I dropped a message to the Samsung support, maybe they know what's this about. Meanwhile I'll try this with another external HDD - maybe that will fix it.But overall I have to say it's a great TV which absolutely meets my requirements. Happy with that!*Update*Timeshift now works for me. My external USB HDD just was too slow to for that feature. Exchanged with another one - works fine :-)