I am extremely stoked about this tv. I have been waiting, as have many, for a tv with these features to to hit the price point of 500-700$ so this is a a big deal to me. My previous set is almost the same one from 2 years ago minus the 3d and online features and I have to say vizio has really improved the picture quality. The blacks are blacker and the 2d performance is just great. I was very pleased with my first vizio so I had no problem throwing down the dough for this one and after a weekend of use all I can say is "wow". They have hit one out of the park with this one and I'm starting to call it "the little tv that could".  The first thing I did after hooking it up and setting up the wifi, which was a snap with the onscreen prompts, was fire up COD black ops on my xbox 360 and turn on the 3d feature. Holy cow is the effect great, your weapon feels like it is in your hand and the game world gains all kinds of depth. No disappointment there, crysis two also supports 3d and while the effect isn't as dramatic there it is still darn good. I searched online and stumbled across an xbox live arcade game called 3d infinity,I recommend grabbing the free demo at least. It is a simple 3d shooter but it made me blink thinking objects were going to smack me in the face on more than one occasion. Then onto the Ps3. I picked up motor storm apocalypse just for this tv and I'm glad I did great game, great 3d, Nuff said.  I snagged a 3d blue ray IMAX wild ocean and the once again I was very satisfied with the 3d performance.  The glasses (they provide 2) are stylish and comfortable and are not gaudy or goofy looking at all. All my connections are hdmi so the digital sound is delivered from the source in that manner so once again super simple the digital optical output of the tv plugs right into my yamaha 5.1 receiver and I changed the settings the Dolby digital and the sound is superb.  I didn't really care to much about the online capabilities of the tv, I was more about the 3d but after playing with it I now adore this new dimension and will be using it all the time. The weather,yahoo and flicker are all great but the icing on the cake is the rhapsody widget I am a subscriber and a huge fan of the service and the ability to digitally deliver my library and playlist and their radio stations to my receiver almost brought tears to my eyes. I don't know if the music is in 5.1 surround or not but the way the music wraps around you and fills the room is some of the best implementation I have ever heard. By the way a 30 day free trial of rhapsody is offered on the widget and only a fool wouldn't try it for free.  So there you have it, the tv, the glasses,the remote and yes even the screwdriver all deliver. Kudos Vizio for bringing the next level of media enjoyment to the masses for five measly c-notes and thanks for the sweet screwdriver which you should really print the vizio logo on to remind me of my great tv every time I open my toolbox. Come to think of where my sharpie?