If you are on the edge of making a choice on a 3D LED television to purchase, spending hours upon hours of research trying to find the right 3D tv for your price range, while still ensuring you are getting your moneys worth of quality and performance, then look no further than this Vizio 3D LED set.I bought this tv for my bedroom. I have a 55" LG 3D LED TV in the living room and wanted a tv that included wifi and smart apps. My biggest concern prior to purchasing this set was the screen size. At 32", I wondered it it would be big enough to watch enjoyably as well as get a cinematic 3D experience out of it.  Well after doing extensive research in consumer and editor reviews of televisions, I came across this one, which was only a little more expensive than the non-3D set (I bought this 32" model for $309.99 shipped on Feb 16th, 2013). I read reviews of crosstalk or ghosting with this set, and I can say after watching over 10 3D Blu Ray movies on this tv, that it is minimal and hardly shows up(it's not constantly there, its more during heavy, busy scenes) and does not detract from the overall experience of watching a 3D movie on it. This model does not have the 2D to 3D conversion feature, although you can manually change the picture to 3D SBS -Side by Side, TB -Top & Bottom or Sensio- format used in some dvds. While it will display in 3D, if the source material doesn't have a 3D format, it will show a distorted and unwatchable 3D picture, which can cause a headache. Another configurable option you have is the 3D depth amount. You can determine how deep the 3D effect on screen is viewed.The glasses provided (This came with 2 pairs) are light and comfortable. I've also tried the ones from the movie theater (Real3D) and they are great too.The 2D picture 1080p looks beautiful and I've viewed Blu-Rays, PS3 games and XBOX 360 games on it and it hangs with the the best of any other top name brand model.The audio is as expected, while not terrible, it is clear and loud enough, but you won't be getting a cinematic experience listening through the speakers. So do yourself a favor and connect a soundbar or other external system with a subwoofer to make the most of your viewing pleasure.The media apps work fine, I connected to all of my accounts with my wireless router at home and had no issues with passwords or connections. It has Netflix, Hulu Plus, Amazon Video, YouTube, Yahoo apps, misc video apps, and a 3D video channel that you can subscribe to for 99 cents a month to view 3D video content that ranges from history, travel, cars, food, etc. It changes so you wont be stuck paying 99 cents a month for the same channels and videos.The remote control is light, but does not have backlit keys, making it hard to use in a low light setting. You will no longer be getting a remote with the full keyboard on back, which is disappointing. Don't be fooled by pics showing it comes with it, it used to, but as of April 2012 they stopped packaging that remote with this set. You can buy a remote that has the keyboard on back and it works fine with this model. If you buy a Vizio Blu Ray player with internet apps, it comes packaged with that and you can use that remote for the TV and Blu Ray player.To sum it up, After watching 3D movies on this TV, I felt I had a true 3D Theater experience that holds it own in the 3D TV market and for the price and performance/features you get, this TV is a must buy!