I had been holding out for the 2010 42" Samsung Plamsa model to drop in price which I had been patiently watching since early November.  When the price was still the same come March - I decided it wasn't getting any cheaper.When to my surprise Amazon wasn't offering Free Shipping on that TV any, I noticed the 2011 Samsung Plasma's were available and with free shipping - I actually go the new model (which is now +1" to 43")for cheaper than last years Plasma.Out of the box the TV appearance is a nice liquid glossy-black finish.  Very thin TV - probably 1" deep in most spots (excluding where the mount attaches).  The input panel required plugs to be plugged in horizontally - so expect to have to have a punch-panel or hole in the wall on the lower left side of the TV screen (lower left if facing the TV) to get the connections to hook-up.  Why TV makers won't allow vertical input connections on TV's like this is beyond me.If not wall mounting it comes with a good quality stand - though one of the mounting holes on the TV was stripped on my mount out of the box - something I didn't discover until days later.  Since the free stand is temporary for me and I'll eventually wall-mount, I was not concerned.Picture quality is what you'd expect from a plasma - bright colors, good blacks, and a little bit of a glossy (reflective) screen.  The screen isn't too bad - I use it in a highly lit room and only if the sun is right on it does it bother me.This set is 720p - and after reading 1000 different opinions/tech articles on 1080p vs 720p and it doesn't matter because you can't really tell the difference unless you are too close.  I can say this - you CAN tell a difference if you are coming from 1080p to 720p.I have a bigger 50" 1080p TV in a different/home theater room.  It is also a Samsung - but a much older rear-projection LED (YES - LED, they offered it one way back year - new LED TVs are not rear-projection LED; they no longer make them).  The 1080p picture is silky smooth compared to this new Samsung.  Don't get me wrong, this set looks really good - if I hadn't spent 4 years watching TV on my other TV I would have never known.  But side by side looking close at the 720 screen you see clear pixels - there are no pixels on my 1080p 50" screen - no matter how close I look.  On this screen you can see pixels/not-that-sharp of an image from about 3' away.  That not-that-sharp image can be see from a distance - the picture just isn't as 'liquid' as my old 1080p.  However, until I saw it side-by-side I wouldn't KNOW better to complain - can you see the difference - yes.  But my point is you won't know any better till you've seen then side by side.  You don't know how clear it can be until you see it.That said it's still really good for the price and I'd would buy it again since ~$500 was my price range.Bottom-line this is a good 720p Plasma for the price, but if you are looking for that GREAT picture quality hold-out for a 1080p set.  If my 5 year old 1080p looks better than this brand new 720p, the new 1080s have to be even better.