Everytime I turn this tv on, it brings a smile to my face.  The picture quality is the best I have ever seen, especially the THX mode. Blu-ray discs become a must.  The black levels are so good you may find yourself picking out blu-ray movies that feature dark scenes just to see how well they look.  Dark games like Fallout 3 or Arkham Asylum look simply incredible.  3d Works well, I have tested it with the Killzone 3 demo on PS3 and you feel totally immersed.  I did not see any "ghosting" affects.  One complaint is I wish it had a wireless capability. It requires a wired connection or you need to purchase a separate adapter for wireless.  Viera Cast stuff is good.  Netflix is included as well as YouTube, Pandora, Amazon etc.  Youtube for some reason has a pared down interface and I wasn't able to select HD resolution like I can from PC.  But they could fix this in a firmware update and it can be done from PC so no big deal.  I don't think there is any better TV you can buy at any price point, unless you are just getting a bigger size.  The new vt30's will probably best this tv but they will cost a lot more.  Recommend!Edit: 3/17/2011.  Unfortunately, the TV has burn in issues.  We were very diligent during the first 100 hours, but then we started playing games thinking it was safe.  My wife had been playing Fallout 3 the last month or so and the HUD from the game is now burned into the screen.  Unbelievable that Panasonic isn't warning customers about this possibility.  Instead, the warnings are focused on only the first 100 hours.  We play in THX mode, contrast and brightness set to 70.  I was led to believe that burn in was no longer a problem on these sets after the first 100 hours.  Unfortunately, this is NOT the case.  Lowered my rating of the set to 3 stars.  It is great picture, but susceptible to burn in.  Now our tv is apparently permanently compromised.Update: 4/8/2011  The burn in is still there after running the tv's own anti-image retention tool and also running third party tools designed to remove it for many days on end.  This TV is severely flawed and I don't recommend that anyone buy it with these kind of problems unless you plan to baby sit your tv all the time.  If you search online for vt25 burn in you will find many cases of what I'm talking about.  Don't watch anything that has a static image on the screen with this tv, and heaven forbid you forget and leave something on the screen for a couple hours -the tv could be permanently damaged if you do.Update: 4/16/2011 We played Bioshock for about 2 hours, then watched a movie.  Afterwards it took a full night to remove the image retention from Bioshock HUD using slides and the tv's own anti image retention scrolling bar feature.  The next day we played 2 hours again followed by other content.  It has taken over 2 days to remove the retained image.  Unless we have a lemon, this tv is completely unfit for gamers.  If I could I would return it and I will probably never again buy a Panasonic or any other plasma tv unless they stop excluding IR issues from their warranties.Update: 06/20/2011  The burn in is still there and does not appear to be diminishing.  We no longer play any games on the tv, only on my 23" work monitor.  Also, standard definition content creates black sections on the sides.  We run the scrolling bar and full color slides every time after watching standard definition content.