I searched for a long time for a widescreen HD television.  I knew that my budget had to be under $1,000 and I wanted the largest tv for my money.  Therefore I knew LCD was the way to go and was pleasantly surprised to see a variety of quality televisions at up to 32" for under a grand.  I narrowed down the huge list to this, a Panasonic, and the Samsung that is one step up from this one.  I originally purchased the Panasonic when its price went down but it got damaged in transit and it got sent back.  This one popped up for $820 with free shipping and I knew the getting was good so I got it.  The three tv's I was gunning for are all great televisions and I knew I would be happy no matter what I got.  In a nutshell, I am 100% satisfied with this television. I will list the pros and cons of this tv:PROS:-Built in tuner gets over the air HD picture that looks fantastic-Menus are great and easy to navigate, the remote is well made and designed-Settings are easy to change and picture settings are saved for each input-2 HDMI ports are a plus though I am not using both yet-Built-in speakers are actually very nice.  I thought about hooking up my external computer speakers but I decided it is unnecessary.-Matte black finish does not distract (the higher priced model has shiny finish that might get distracting)-Picture looks fantastic: sharp with good natural color and reasonably good contrast-Wide viewing angle-NO dead pixels!  I was very worried about this and was pleasantly surprised to find none-dvds look fantastic with a progressive scan or upconverting dvd player-Standard definition programs look fineCONS: disclaimer: many of these cons are standard for LCD tvs and do not reflect poorly on this tv specifically.-No true blacks (though I find with energy saving mode on low the blacks are pretty good)-Pixelization or ghosting during rapid movement: This is a standard problem with LCD tvs.  It is most noticable when fire or water is on the screen.  I don't watch much sports so it does not bug me.  But there is an interesting note that I have not seen on other reviews: the pixelization and ghosting only occur while watching television programs.  Pop in a dvd and it does not happen.  I don't know why but I am much happier for it.-LCDs will never look as good as CRT tv's, and the only way to compensate is with HD picture.  LCD tv's really need HD picture to look good, so you will have to add an extra $200 to your purchase with cables and high def players and so on.-I only have one or two specific criticisms of this television.  The most frustrating is the picture size option.  On the menu, you are given the option of 4:3, 16:9, zoom1 or zoom 2.  but for virtually all programming and dvds, the zoom options are disabled and I can't figure out how to get them to work.  This becomes aggravating when I stumble upon non-anamorphic dvds and tv programs broadcast in 4:3 but with a widescreen picture.  This gives the effect of a box within a box that is not very fun to watch.  I don't mind sacrificing picture quality if I don't have to feel like I have tunnel vision.-There are some light leaks in the screen.  There is a large one on the upper left and tiny ones on each of the corners.  It is completely unnoticable except for watching dark scenes of movies when I have the lights off, but it is a problem nontheless.  Other reviewers of this model notice a similar problem-This is a small thing, but I wish I could control how much the tv overscans and how the picture is centered on the screen.  I've seen the option on other widescreen tvs and it is a great tool for finicky programs.Overall, this television is a great buy and I highly recommend it.  Compared to other tv's in its price range, like the Sharp Aquos and the Phillips, this tv has superior picture and sound.  It has better menus than the Panasonic and a better overall design than the more expensive Samsung.  The problems this tv has are mostly the problems that all LCD tv's have and they are relatively minor.  I know this is can be an anxiety-inducing process, but you can rest assured that you will be happy if you buy this television.