Bought this TV at Circuit City maybe a year or so before they went under.  It was within my price range, it was LCD, and it was large enough for what I needed at the time.The picture looks great for games.  Other media shows some grain, especially in darker shots.  It took me some tweaking to get the best picture as possible but the grain is still there.  There's no glare from light, like older TVs, but light still shines off of it and can obstruct viewing so keeping the screen pointed away from sunlight is a good idea.I had the TV for a little more than a year before it started to have issues.  Another review mentions that the model had some sort of faulty component inside that affects the power and mine was no different.  I'd push the power button and it would sit there clicking for 30 minutes before the TV finally turned on... then it wouldn't turn on at all.  I had to take it to a specialty shop to get it fixed.  I've had the TV since and haven't had any similar problems.More recently, it seems that images like to burn into the screen for a bit.  You leave it at a menu screen or pause something for longer than a minute (my estimation, not proven) and you'll see remnants of the brighter spots during play and they'll stay there for a bit.  Obviously, this could be fixed if I were to lower the brightness, contrast, and backlight, but I have those settings to where it looks best when viewing.  I've also got a darker spot in the lower middle of the screen now.  This indicates to me that the TV screen is going bad, I've seen it happen before.  I've already ordered a new TV to replace it.Also, the TV produces a decent amount of heat.There are 3 HDMI ports, two RGB Component hook ups, two S-Video hook ups, a USB port, Digital Audio Out, PC in (as well as some audio hook up that I'm unfamiliar with), DVI Audio in for HDMI port 1, and a Headphone jack.  The remote does in fact have some sort of lag and has a bunch of useless buttons, and switching between HDMI ports takes too long for some reason.  If you have a Samsung device connected (like a Blu-Ray player) turning off the TV turns off the device, but so does switching sources on the TV... it's annoying... it's ok though, Samsung Blu Ray players kinda suck... really, if you're going to get a Blu-Ray player, it's probably best to get one from the company that developed the tech anyway, and that would be Sony.Anyways, there's couple good reasons why you can't find many of these TVs anymore.  Either people decided to discard them after they encountered the faulty power issue, or they fixed it and left it as a hand me down as this TV makes a great hand me down item once that little problem is fixed.  If you plan on getting one of the few that are for sale, make sure you know if their actually operational and if the faulty capacitors installed in the power control board have been replaced.