UPDATE: Amazon has contacted me and is shipping a new tv out ASAP and I will hand off the old tv to the shipper.  So score a HUGE WIN for Amazon, but still a huge negative for Samsung for shipping a tv that is broken AND missing parts.  I will update further once we get the new tv installed.-----------------------------------------------------I have purchased TWO of these tvs.  The first one was for myself and it arrived promptly and worked without problem.  The picture is excellent and everything is great.  The second one was for my in-laws.  They saw my tv and wanted one just like it.  Upon opening the tv, my wife began putting together accessories while I was putting together the wall mount and she immediately noticed that the remote control was missing the battery cartridge. (The remote has a cartridge that pops out, you put your four AAA batteries in and slide the cartridge back in and you are good to go.)  We figured that this was an anomaly that could be taken care of by contacting Amazon, and even though it makes setting up the tv a great deal more tedious, mostly you just turn the tv on and off and use the cable box remote to change channels and the surround sound remote to adjust volume.  So we figured that we would be ok until a replacement could be sent.  She even noted to me that there was a quality inspection sticker that said "passed" in the wrapper with the remote.  Ha!Then, upon mounting the tv and turning it on, it began emitting a high pitched whine and as soon as the Smart TV screen came up, the tv obviously had horizontal lines streaking through the picture.  This was before any inputs had been selected or any components were turned on.  I went ahead and went through the setup skipping network setup and just got to the point where I could try the HDTV cable box or the Blu-ray player, and both of them also exhibited the horizontal lines while the tv was whining away at a high pitch.So, either Samsung was able so send out a tv that was missing the battery cartridge in the remote AND was defective, OR this tv was a return/repair/refurb that was not properly vetted and then sold as new.  Either of those two scenarios doesn't bode well for Samsung.For those of you who get a new/working tv, this is a nice tv with a great picture.  But Samsung worries me.  I have a 52 inch Samsung that has the capacitor problem that you can do a simple search on google and learn about.  The short version is that right at the two year mark, the tvs would take longer and longer to turn on while clicking over and over again. Eventually they wouldn't turn on at all.  At first Samsung denied the problem and would do nothing, but eventually the internet caught up with them and everyone was publishing the fix (about a half-dozen cheap capacitors on the power supply board that cost about $10 total to replace) and people even began selling kits to solder them in yourself and finally Samsung admitted there was a problem and started fixing the tvs.  That was 5+ years ago and I figured that they had gotten their act together since then, but now I'm not so sure.Samsung, without a doubt, makes one of the best looking LCD screens out there.  They look GREAT.  But they seem to have serious issues with quality control and cutting corners on part suppliers that make their tvs a gamble to buy.  I am waiting now to see how Amazon is going to handle this.  I will report back when I hear from them and follow up on how this is handled.Right now I have in-laws, with family coming to town this weekend (This is a Tuesday night) and they have a dead TV hanging on the wall and they are very disappointed.  I am too...