I think it would've been helpful to see more reviews with full system setups to help me ensure compatibility of products.  Product specs give you that but take a lot of research! This is just to assist your search.I received from Amazon the:Panasonic P55GT30 TV Panasonic VIERA TC-P55GT30 55-Inch 1080p 3D Plasma HDTV,ONKYO TX-NR509 Receiver Onkyo TX-NR509 5.1 Channel Network A/V Receiver,Energy 5.1 Take Classic Home Theatre System Energy 5.1 Take Classic Home Theater System (Set of Six, Black),Omni 10.0 Ceiling Speaker Mounts OmniMount 10.0 Wall/Ceiling - Black,Mediabridge Category 2 Certified HDMI cables Mediabridge Ultra Series - High Speed HDMI Cable with Ethernet - Category 2 Certified - Supports 3D & Audio Return Channel [Latest HDMI Version Available] - (6 Feet),Mediabridge Cat5e ethernet cable Mediabridge - Blue RJ45 Computer Networking Cat5e Ethernet Patch Cable - (100 Feet),Soundcast SOU-SCK510 SubCast Wireless Transmitter/Receiver System for Subwoofers Soundcast SOU-SCK510 SubCast Wireless Transmitter/Receiver System for Subwoofers,SainSonic Active 3D Rechargable Glasses SainSonic 3D Rechargeable Infrared Active Shutter Glasses For Panasonic 3D HDTVs.I am very satisfied with the complete setup of all of the products.  The quality of the Panasonic TV is fantastic. I wanted the 1080p per eye picture quality that comes with Active 3D Only, and I'm very happy with it.  My only concern has been burn-in, after further study I'm less concerned about that with this product.  Just be careful, follow break-in instructions, it doens't seem that bad to me.  I did buy the Square Trade 4 year warranty through Amazon which is very cheap by comparison to Best Buy's warranty offers.  The 3D on the TV works great.  The 2D to 3D conversion is fine but not very useful, I wouldn't count on that feature being very amazing...  It just doesn't look like the native 3D content at all.  I've been able to download some sample 3D content over my playstation, which looks great.  I've read things that say Active 3D erradicates eye strain/nausea.  Let me just throw out there, if you usually have dry eyes, eye strain, and limited feelings that you may throw up, you'll probably have the same experience with this.  I have the same thing, but at least for me it doesn't progressively get worse.  I just have a little nausea and dry eyes that never worsens while I watch 3D content.  Oh well, doesn't bother me that much.  While the HDMI cables I chose do handle data as well as audio/video content, the Panasonic P55GT30 does not support the data feed. So you will need an cat5e cable, or to use the built-in wireless.  I do recommend a wired connection though.  You're going to want to pull down heavy audio/video streams over the web and it would be best to avoid the inconsistency of WIFI.  With my wallmount, i just have 2 cables going back through the wall to my receiver: 1 HDMI, 1 cat5e.  I did not purchase a wall mount, the mount left at the house that I purchased could handle 110 lbs and fit my panasonic TV just fine.  Sorry, I don't recall the brand, and it is behind my television!  Make sure you pay attention to the specs on the P55GT30 as far as mounts go.  It is not a standard size but most mounts can be adjusted to fit.  Look up the manual as it is available in PDF format online.All mediabridge cables work great.  No problems at all with 3D content or quality.The SainSonic Active 3D glasses work great, although the instructions were a hard read for me.  I had problems getting them to detect my 3D on 2D to 3D conversion.  Set them up initially while viewing native 3D content, and once they're setup, you can go ahead and view the 2D to 3D conversion content if you like.The speaker system and receiver are awesome.  The quality of all is very good, I just plugged everything into my TV and everything started up right away.  I had 1 misplaced speaker wire but it was very simple to troubleshoot on the receiver end.  I did buy the banana plugs for the speaker wires because I like the convenience but it is certainly not a requirement.  I've had no problems with this setup except with the wireless transmitter/receiver I tried to put on the subwoofer and reciever (see below). Sorry for the non-technical review of the audio, but I don't have the knowledge.  I did read reviews that the receiver causes a buzz in the speakers when listening to certain content, I've not experienced that whatsoever.  The quality seems perfect to me, and my very observant wife would be happy to point out the buzz if it was there.The Soundcast SOU-SCK510 SubCast Wireless Transmitter/Receiver System for Subwoofers had to be returned because it was creating a feedback buzz in all speakers/subwoofer connected to my receiver.  I ended up just putting the subwoofer next to the receiver, which I am only minorly disatisfied with.  Amazon handled the refund right away and there were no problems with the return.  UPS came and picked up the box from my house the next day, with their own shipping label.  It was very easy.  Reading reviews on these transmitters/receivers makes me think the technology is just not where it needs to be to satisfactorily hook up a subwoofer over wireless.  Might as well wait for it to improve, and maybe get cheaper... This transmitter/receiver set was not cheap at all and the feedback it created was impossible to ignore.