After extensive research, I zeroed in on the PN64D8000 from Samsung for a few reasons.  First, I wanted a big screen and was only looking at 60 inches and above.  Second, I was planning on hanging the TV on the wall....so an exceptionally thin tv was important for the best look.  Third, I wanted all the bells and whistles...3D capabilities, built in wifi, as well as a terrific picture of course!  My conclusions:  Sony just can't compete anymore, they are way overpriced compared to the competition and still 2.5 inches thick...no wonder the firm lost over $6 billion and laid off 10,000 employees last quarter!  While Sharp makes the biggest LED TV's at 80 inches, they are still too clunky to hang on the wall for my taste since they are 4 inches thick...and their 70 inch LED TV isnt much better at 3.5 inches thick.  While LG and Panasonic makes a nice TV for the money, I found Samsung to be the best.  They are the thinnest and with the samsung WMN2000C Ultra Slim Wall Mount, they literally mount like a picture and are exceptionally close to the wall.I think the picture is pretty darn fantastic on all these TV's so I relied on 3rd party reviews to conclude that the Samsung PN64D8000 offers one of the best pictures of all TV's released in 2011.  I went into my search thinking that I was going to be buying a 65 inch LED TV (probably the UN65D8000), but I found that Plasma is actually superior to LED in many ways...blacker blacks, deals better with quick motion for watching sports and action movies, no light inthe corner of the screen from the LED dimming, and substantially cheaper!  Plasma is not quite as energy efficient as LED technology, but the average energy bill is still only $40 per year if you watch 5 hours of tv a day...pretty negligible difference to the comprable LED tv which has an average electric bill of $25 per year.So, when Amazon Warehouse Deals had the PN64D8000 offered in "Used-Like New" condition for $1815.00 with free shipping and no tax, I didnt hesitate and immediately scooped it.  The TV showed up 3-days later in its original packaging and as far I could tell the box had never even been opened...it was brand new!  I bought the "Used-Like New" Samsung wall mount from warehouse deals for $45 (listed for over $90 new on Amazon) to complete the deal.  Very easy to install yourself, I had the TV set up and mounted on the wall in 30 minutes.  For comparison, the UN65D8000 would have cost me upwards of $3,000 so with this much in savings for the plasma that actually received better reviews than the LED version in terms of picture quality made it a no brainer!The only cons are the qwerty remote is not universal so you cant program your cable box remote to change channels, etc...  Also, although the qwerty remote makes it easier to browse the internet, just know that it still doesnt take the place of a laptop or tablet.  The internet through a tv is still slower and somewhat annoying to use...I will pull out my laptop everytime!  The value is really in the built-in wifi connectivity and the ability to access on-demand content or movies through Netflix, HuluPlus, etc...  In this regard, the PN64D7000 might be an okay choice but just realize that you are also giving up a little in picture quality too since the PN64D8000 has a superior contrast ratio.