Purchased a Sony Bravia KDL52W5150 HDTV in Nov `09. Immediately had problems with a pop-up warning that the signal could not be displayed...while it was displaying the signal.  And the pop-up wouldn't go away until you changed channels quickly or turned the TV off and back on.  It was an intermittent problem and not too annoying, especially since I was enjoying the TV the rest of the time (decent picture, even in a bright room, internet apps and streaming...good features).  Tried calling Sony support, and it was like dealing with an IT Department.  "Have you updated the firmware?  Turn it off.  Turn it On.  Is the problem still there?"  "No, but I told you it was intermittent."  "Is there anything else I can help you with?"  I guess not!Then about six months later, it started turning itself off and back on, or (when streaming from the internet), just off.  Again, intermittent problem, again the same lame useless advice from Sony support.I probably could have lived with these intermittent issues, but then in Oct '10, the screen started going.  The whole LCD panel would become covered in fine dark horizontal lines...like it wasn't drawing every horizontal row.  Then it started doing this psychedelic melting colors things.  Then it added the vertical white lines/glowing columns to its repertoire.  SAME STUPID ADVICE FROM SONY SUPPORT.  I mean really, their advice never changed, it takes ages to get to a real person, and they are useless.So, on December 8 (after trying to find help online for a while and seeing if the flipping it off and on would work...no), used Sony's esupport site to schedule warranty servcice (this model came with 18 month warranty).  Scheduled service call for Dec. 14th, with Sony's third party repair service, Worldwide Technical Support Service (?).  WTSS called me back within a couple of days.  They knew right away from my description that the whole LCD panel needed to be replaced, but the part needs to be ordered from Sony.I call them and ask how long?  "Usually 8 to 15 business days".  Called WTSS two more times over the next 5 weeks.  January 14th, called Sony and raised my voice.  I had the part number, the order number, the service call confirmation number...no help.  Ray said he could submit my request for a refund, and I should hear back from Sony in two days.  I called Sony back on January 19th.  As usual, it took 20 minutes to get transferred to Customer Relations (supposedly only way is to call regular Sony Support first, which will tell you to go to the website).  Finally got a hold of JR, who looked into it and said I had two options.  A $200 gift card for SonyStyle and they would be notified if the repair doesn't happen within 60 days from today (WHAT?), or a REFURBISHED KDL52EX500 (a lower model that has half of the features and NONE of the internet or networking options).  JR tells me these are the only two options.  I say, "But I was told that a request for a refund was submitted on the 14th."  "Do you have the name of the Sony rep?"  "YES!  Ray!"  "O.K., well Ray didn't guarantee a refund."  "No, but it is apparently an option.  Let me speak to your superior, please."  "That is not an option."  "It has to be, who makes the decisions?"  "We do."  "Who decided I couldn't get a refund?"  "A Sony tech."  "So let me talk to them."  "That's not an option."  Seriously, went `round and `round like this for another 10 minutes.  "O.K., so you admit you're offering me a $200 gift card to wait for up to 60 days for a repair, or a refurbished lesser model?"  "Yes."  "What happens if it's not fixed in another 60 days?"  "You can call us."It's a good thing there isn't an app to slap the crap out of someone on the other end of a phone call.Sony, I am so done with you.  A foolishly loyal customer for over 3 decades...NO MORE!  Anybody want to buy a $200 SonyStyle giftcard?  Assuming it shows up within the next 60 days.  Sony's service and products are so bad.  Everything I can find suggests LG, Samsung, and Vizio are better products at better prices.