i wish i would have read some of the more negative reviews before i purchased my real expensive paper weight, like other customers here i did my research, went to the stores, and finally decided to purchase the TV on april, a month later my HELL started! first the TV started to turn itself off and on, called samsung, they sent a repairman and he "fixed it" (changed the power source)...3 weeks later AGAIN!! same issues TV would turn itself off and it would make clicking noises as if it was trying to turn itself on again...once again called samsung and by this time my patience was really wearing out, i just couldn't believe that this could be happening to me, my brand new TV stopped working during a pay per view fight that i had invited all my friends over to watch at my house...i politely asked samsung about exchanging the TV for another one obviously this one was a "lemon." They refused and told me that it was up to the technician to determine when it was "unrepairable" so i had no choice but to wait TWO WEEKS!! without TV and with my pride on the floor after i had to basically tell my friends im sorry and they ended up going to a bar to watch the fight. (i was too depressed to go)2 weeks after the repairman came and "fixed" it everything seemed fine...THEN TAMPA BAY goes to the world series for the first time ever!it had been quite a few months so i thought the problem was finally fixed, NOT SO MUCH!! :( in the middle of game 2 ONCE AGAIN! my TV fails me, this time the screen is totally black but now i can hear audio, called samsung (wooo hoo!) and now i really asked about changing this TV which is obviously broken, they gave me the same run around and were actually totally rude to me, telling me things such as "sorry we cant help you" isnt that what customer service is for? to help you?!!Now they told me that this is the last time they will attempt to fix it, and that if it does break again that they will change it, i called the repair shop, (where i already know the guys on a first name basis) and the told me that this time they will be changing the WHOLE panel, basically the whole TV, but that after this there is nothing they could change. i been waiting a week now for the part to arrive so they can come and repair it and im still WITHOUT MY TV!!Lesson Learned: NEVER again will i make a purchase on amazon for an electronic of such value, i would much rather go get one of the local stores where i know that even if the TV breaks i will deal with it  personally and they will exchange it, and even though i saved $300 through amazon ITS NOT WORTH IT!!stick to selling books and small articles please, that i will buy.