Excellent Out Of Box Experience (OOBE).The stand was very easy to install and the box included a cheapy phillips screwdriver! Thank you Vizio for recognizing and addressing a very annoying issue. Little things like that make for a very happy customer.Batteries for the remote, two AA, were included also.The TV will need to be laid face down on a clear clean spot. Take a minute to make sure there is nothing, like the included screwdriver, in the way that might scratch your new screen. Last year, I scratched my new computer monitor like that on a power supply that was covered by a thin blanket on the bed.Setup was easy as pie. Just plug in the coaxial cable and set the channel input. We don't have an HDMI cable yet.Picture quality is excellent.On screen menus are intuitive for the most part. Lots of adjustments can be made - you can tweak broad parameters or nitty gritty.Here is a tip for you if you have DishTV. The picture was too big for the screen. I looked at a lot of settings but couldn't find the one that was causing this problem. Finally, with a lot of Googling, it turned out to be the *Format button on the Dish remote. Set the HD to 'Normal' and SD to 'Normal'. The TV remote is set to 'Wide'. That gives me a letter box picture that fills the screen correctly. We don't have an HDMI cable yet but I will update this review once we get one and switch over.Another bit of information that I gleaned - traditional coaxial cables are only capable of 480i resolution. You need at least RGB for higher resolution and HDMI is, of course, optimum. HDMI cables have version numbers. Unless you research it for your specific TV you'll want the highest version number you can afford. So watch out for clearance bin cables. It does make a difference. There are two broad categories of HDMI cables. High Speed and Standard. Standard HDMI data are rated at 76 MHz which is 1080i. High Speed HDMI are rated at 340 MHz which is full 1080p. Standard HDMI cables are fine for TV classes below 32 inch. Those TVs do not benefit from the higher bandwidth of the more expensive High Speed version.There are some conclusions to draw from the HDMI information I found. You can buy the less expensive Standard cable and rest easy in your purchase. Or you can buy the more expensive High Speed and future proof your purchase. The evolution of cable standards, reflected in cable version numbers, means that getting the High Speed now may be self-defeating since better cable specifications in a year or two will kill any advantage to buying the more expensive one now if you get no immediate benefit from it. The current highest version number is 1.3 as of July 7th 2012. Version 1.4 is on the horizon.This is a 6 foot one:BlueRigger High Speed HDMI Cable with Ethernet 6.6 Feet (2m) - Supports 3D and Audio Return [Latest Version]... in particular, even if you go with the shorter version, read the review by A. Dent about this cable. From what I've read, TVs 32 inch and up will benefit from the High Speed version....and this is a 3 foot one:BlueRigger High Speed HDMI Cable with Ethernet (3 Feet) - Supports 3D and Audio Return [Latest Version]Back to the TV itself:Really an excellent value for the dollar. If you aren't familiar with the Vizio brand, they are the largest LCD manufacturer in the world. They make LCD screens for other TV companies and computer companies.[UPDATE October 15th 2012]Wow! What a difference a cable can make! I recently got - AmazonBasics High-Speed HDMI Cable (6.5 Feet/2.0 Meters) - Supports Ethernet, 3D, and Audio Return [Newest Standard] - to use with the satellite box and this TV. The difference in picture quality is truly amazing. So, this 720p 32" HDTV does benefit from an upgrade of the coaxial to HDMI. I have the HDMI version 1.4 which is the latest standard but I think any HDMI version with 720p or greater capability will give you the best picture you can have on the TV. Shop around. That one I linked is an Amazon Basics item and it is a great value.[/UPDATE]