I did lot of research on all the Samsung led models and finally decided to go with the 46D8000 model. After having the TV for a few days now, I must say I am very disappointed.Here are the issues I have found with the TV so far:-1> Vertical Banding - The TV has big white vertical bands in the horizontal corners. Basically, its non-uniformity across the panel. Each vertical band is about 5-6 inches thick and is present on both corners. This is very visible on a grey background. I can see the vertical bands easily whenever I open netflix in smarthub or have my PS3 download the latest updates. You can see this vertical bands even in light black backgrounds. But is clearly visible in solid grey backgrounds.2> Flash Lighting - This is visible in dark room. I saw this while watching dark knight movie. The black bands in upper and topper levels clearly show the flash lighting in the four corners of the screen.3> Clouding - I initially didn't observe this. But whenever there are black screens in between movies, you can see cloud like formations all over the screen.4> QWERTY Remote not included - The D8000 Amazon website says that the new remote is included with the TV. But instead you get a voucher which you need to redeem online. Not a big deal but still a hassle. Should have mentioned in the website clearly.5> 3D glasses not included - Same thing as the QWERTY remote. Have to order through online by redeeming a voucher. When I buy a $2100+ TV, I expect them to take care of all these before shipping. Again, should mention these facts clearly in the Amazon web-page.6> Browser is slow - The browser included is no where close to the one you see in computers. If you are buying this TV for a browser, then you should know this. The browser is pretty slow and tough to navigate. Also, the advertisements and other flash videos make it cumbersome. This is not a major concern for me..but its still an issue.7> Smart Hub contents are mostly paid - Most of the features in the smart hub...you have to pay for it or have subscription. Nothing is free. Then again, I knew this before I bought it. But people need to be aware of this.8> Wireless connection not consistently maintained - When I was watching movies from netflix, I was seeing that I was getting disconnected several times. The connection is not maintained throughout. Even the CNET people who reviewed this TV saw this issue. If you are using a wired internet connection, this might not be an issue.For me personally, issues 1,2 and 3 are major problems. The rest (4,5,6,7 and 8) are minor issues and I can live with that. I will be doing more testing this week and then I will decide if I want to return this set or not. But at this point, I am pretty disappointed with this TV. Will update this review once again.