We bought this TV three weeks before Super Bowl 2007. I didn't want to write a review right away having read many plasma/DLP big-screen TVs run into some problem or other within 3 months of purchase. It is about six months since we bought the TV and so far it has had no problem at all! When plasma/LCS TVs have yet to gain maturity in terms of reliability, making a big investment such as for this TV is always associated with some risk or other. But so far, I am extremely happy with this purchase.The 60 inches of screen space is enormous - Ginormous, in my son's lingo. We compared with the 50" Hitachi side-by-side in the showroom. I wanted it to compare to the best-of-class Panasonic 50" side-by-side, but the showroom didn't have a Panasonic. We liked the black border. The picture looked great. We couldn't distinguish much of the sound with all the accoutrements in the showroom attached to all other TVS.The TV is HEAVY! We wanted it for the Super bowl and hence ventured to haul it ourselves. With the packaging, it fit okay into our minivan with the middle and rear seats folded. Once at the home, hauling it from the garage to the family room took us about 90 mins - I am not kidding. My back was hurt for two weeks! So get someone to deliver it and setup and plan in advance.After a few weeks, we had it professionally wall mounted. Boy, the picture looks awesome compared to what we saw in the showroom! If you watch 'Winged migration' or other HD shows on this TV, you will be mesmerized by the detail and vivid colors of the picture. The green is somewhat richer than natural, but doesn't distract you much. The sound is also awesome and I sometimes feel there is no real need for an expensive surround-sound system. The TV comes with various modes of sound including surround-sound mode which isn't all that filling, but makes a slight difference. The looks of the TV is slick and the blackness makes it look very sophisticated on our wall. Everyone who has seen the TV in our home has appreciated it over and over again.The remote is pretty neat with easy buttons for screen-ratio (16:9, 4:3, etc) and picture brightness adjustments. The buttons are well spaced out. The only quib I have of this TV is that there is no option to display closed captioned text - yes that we miss a lot! Watching DVDs is no issue as most of them have sub-titles, but watching broadcast TV programs takes a small hit if you prefer the captions on.The reflection off the screen is minimal and doesn't take away from your viewing pleasure. We have eight large windows in our family room and more in the kitchen space behind.In summary:Pros:=====- Beautiful addition to your decor - sleek and sharp- Breathtaking HD picture.- Great sound output.- Minimal reflection.- All advantages of a plasma TV.Distractions:==============I wouldn't like to call it cons but these are more slight distractions:- Slightly richer than normal green hue- Absence of display of close captioning on broadcast TV program (where applicable).- Slight hum when volume is very high.By the way, playing the Wii on this 60" is way to fun. We have enjoyed every cent of the 4K spent (and more for installation) on this TV.