I purchased the 64" version of this set in June 2011. At the time, we were upgrading from a 2006 model TX-50PX77U 50" Panasonic 720p TV (which was a warranty replacement from the previous year's 50" model that had the notorious Panasonic "purple snakes" problem with high contrast areas). We used a plasma break-in DVD on it for 100 hours, then set up the colors according to some experts on AVSForum's website. The picture looked AMAZING ... for 4 days, after which point the TV refused to turn on. I would have been pretty annoyed at Samsung, but having just gone through the rigamarole with Panasonic (and multiple service tech attempts to fix that set before finally just swapping it), I consoled myself with the fact that sometimes these things just happen. But when they do, you sure hope you have good customer support to fall back on. Thankfully, Amazon has an amazing TV return policy, so we got our request in for a swap. It took over a month to get the new set here, but it was completely hassle-free.I ran the plasma break-in DVD on the new set for 100 hours in August 2011, and it's been going strong ever since. We've easily played over 500 hours of video games in that time between our whole family, and we've never encountered any lasting ghosting or burn-in issues. The colors are great, the 3D works very well (we actually prefer the 2D-to-3D conversion on some video games versus their own built-in 3D modes, as you can control the strength of the effect), and the set is very sleek and attractive looking. I can't comment too much on the built-in speakers since we use a surround sound setup and only tested them briefly, but I do have to say that I think the decision to make them rear-facing is somewhat ridiculous. I'm sure it was done in the interest of "form over function" to make the set look as slim and trim from the front as possible. It at least gives customers an option for built-in sound versus nothing at all, but if you don't have a separate speaker system, the audio is definitely going to be lacking. Your best bet in that case is to have the TV positioned close to a wall so the sound can bounce back towards you. If you're going to invest in a TV this nice, though, you'd be wise to at least buy a decent-quality sound bar (Amazon sells several) so you can truly enjoy the picture by having quality audio to go with it.My only other gripe with this TV is the anti-glare coating. My old Panasonic set diffused light sources nicely, so that while they might slightly brighten up one area of the screen, they didn't really distract you. Samsung's anti-glare, on the other hand, doesn't seem to do anything to really mitigate lights or windows in our room. I can clearly see light bulbs reflecting in the screen with crisp detail, whereas with my Panasonic they would just be a fuzzy area of brightness.I'm rating this TV 4 out of 5 stars, deducting a star for the speaker placement and the anti-glare. However, if I was rating it on picture quality alone, I'd give it a solid 5 out of 5 stars. This set has been amazing, and everyone who comes over is extremely impressed by it.