I was in the market for a new HDTV for a couple of years and have been biased towards plasmas from go.  I found a great deal on a Panasonic 46G25 - $700 - at my local retailer.  First, don't believe any of the sizing charts - at 10 feet, a 46 was HUGE, way too big to watch comfortably.  And it is hot; it was uncomfortable to put my hand in front of the screen for any length of time after being on for 10 minutes.  And it definitely needs a soundbar, the audio sounded like it was coming from ~4 feet behind the TV.  I returned it.No 42" 1080p plasmas were available and it was either a Sony LCD or the Samsung LED.  I took the Samsung for the technology (and a larger price tag).I got it home and hung it on the wall - no regrets to date.  The sound is awesome, no extra speakers needed.  Movies or regular programming, the sound is great.  HD content is REALLY good; movies and regular programming is awesome.  Sports or fast action scenes are great, no blur or ghosting.  And at 10', the screen is the perfect size, no swivel head to follow an onscreen conversation.  Pair this with a Samsung bluray and you have access to great apps - netflix, vudu, and it links to your home network easily (via wired connection to your router) to play your entire audio library - it's great.  And one remote for both with HDMI connections.  Your cable remote should be able to turn everything on or off, but not navigate the menus.Now the down side: It does take some serious fiddling with the settings to not have the Soap Opera Effect (SOE), an odd effect that makes all things look like your favorite day time drama production quality - at first I thought I would be sending this one back too, but take some time and notes to lock down your settings for the best viewing.  Notes are really important because the settings don't carryover to all of your inputs; separate settings for each device input (kinda sucks repeating all of the settings).  Look to audiophiles for some good starting points for settings.  Off angle viewing is odd - at more than 40 degrees off center, everything gets oddly brighter, but at 10' from the screen, unless you leave the room, it's no problem.  SD viewing is pretty good, but there is some pixilation and screen door effect (SDE, imagine looking at some sections of the scene thru a screen door - hair is horrible for this).  SDE is normally only seen on low quality productions - talk shows, kid programs, food shows - not better productions like network dramas.And price matching is awesome, my local retailer has dropped the price 150 so far since my purchase (one week), it is cheaper than the plasma now by a couple of hundred.I would give the Samsung LED 5 stars if the apps were available on the TV itself or if SD content was better, but I am really satisfied so far.  I'll update with any performance issues as they arise.