HD: This is my second HDTV. The first was a samsung 40' from 2006. The hd quality has improved tremendously since then. I mean deep color, black, faster refresh rate... it is really something to watch. The tv (I got e3d470vx, the 47' version) performs less impressively on white and light blue. However this takes nothing away from the overall picture quality. You can watch this tv in a bright room without a problem except at an extreme angle where hues are reflected on the screen.3D: is just phenomenal. I watched the Directv channels so far and it all looks out of this world. Depth perception on a home tv is just what I wanted. Directv has 3 3d channels that come witn your subscription, one for music and concerts, one for nature and history films and the third is espn3d for live sporting events. They also have a $$ on demand channel with limited 3d movie selection.Sound: Tv speakers are worth 3-4 cents collectively, no kidding. I mean I know vizio wants me to buy a sound system, but at least include speakers that actually convey SOME sound. I had to go out and buy vizio sound bar vsb200. It is really a good solution for under $100.Remote: it is odd looking, but surprisingly easy to use. The keyboard on the back is easier to use and more straightforward than any smartphone keyboard I had ever used. I made just one mistake typing multiple times. It is not hard to press buttons like some suggested.Internet apps: vary in quality by purveyor. Netflix & vudu are just great, while Facebook and twitter apps are hard to navigate. The apps are designed by yahoo seemingly as an afterthought. They lose connection constantly, they can't seem to take any advantage of the 47' landscape... A mess really. Yahoo includes all its usual apps: news, sports, weather... Apps by 3rd parties are mostly useless local news channels apps! Note: you can only have a total of 17 apps on your tv at any one time.TV settings: they are quite a bit simplified compared to my previous tv. I kept everything on factory settings so far and picture looks great. I plan to calibrate later but I have explored every setting there is and I found no gibberish. It is all understandable.Setup costs: I needed new hdmi cables for the 3d part. I got mediabridge brand from amazon. They cost $9 each. You should know hdmi terminology changed. It used to be 1.3b or 1.4. This has all been dropped. What you need to run 3d is a "category 2 certified" cable. Mediabridge has a fabulous track record and this time was no different. I also needed a digital audio spdif cable to hook tv to soundbar. I got one from bestbyy and they ripped me off. A 6'' cable for 18 bucks. You can get the same one on amazon for 6. And of course I had to buy the sound bar for 98 bucks. Overall for the 47' version you end up with $1100.Note: for first time 3Ders, you have to watch the tv at a straight angle; Straight plane from your eyes to tv. This means that if you have multiple people over, they ALL have to squeeze on a coach facing tv directly. Otherwise image looks distorted and blurred.I'll write more as I gain more experience with the unit.