I have this tv in my bedroom, high on the wall about 8.5 to 9 feet from where my head rests. I enjoy the tv very much except I sometimes notice wavy lines around people or objects when they move across the screen. I don't know much about the new tv technology so I can't say if it's because of the tv, the blu ray player or maybe it's on the actual blu ray discs. I tried the different judder settings but it made no difference...not even sure what the judder settings are for as I haven't read thru the manual yet. It bothered me alot for awhile but not as much anymore because once you accept a flaw you can relax more and enjoy the otherwise great picture. Anyway, I enjoy watching blu ray movies on this big screen tv and also enjoy watching tv shows in hd. Although the hd tv picture isn't as good as blu ray it's still great. I usually just watch the tv in bed at night before I fall asleep. It kind of feels like I've got my comfy bed in a movie theatre. Also the 3 wake up timer settings are great as well. I have all 3 set so I'm sure to wake up in time. If I had the tv a year ago the wake up timer settings would have paid for the tv by now, since I often couldn't wake up in time to get downstairs intime to start trading stocks when the market opened so I lost a lot of money because of it. I tried the clock radio but even putting it across the room so I had to get up to turn it off couldn't keep me up as I was often very tired from only getting a few hours sleep for days at a time. Now I have the tv turn on 3 times between 6 am and 6:20 am to wake me up and I set it to a high brightness and there is a setting to have the volume at whatever level you like. Regarding brightness, another feature I like is the picture can be set differently for when watching a blu ray movie or from the cable pvr box or from the built in tv tuner. So even though the tv comes on bright to wake me up, the picture settings for watching a blu ray movie are not affected, which for me is a nice convenient feature so I don't have to change the picture settings when I watch a blu ray movie or when watching shows from the pvr box. While on the subject, at first I was actually dissapointed in the tv because I found it too bright to watch but now that I have the brightness, contrast and colour turned down a lot I find it a lot nicer and easy on the eyes. I guess that might be because I watch it it a dark or dimly lit room. Also at first when I watched the 3d monsters and aliens movie I thought it was enjoyable but nothing great...however when my sister came over and watched it she liked the 3d alot and I guess her enthusiasm kind of rubbed off on me so I guess I'll get a few more 3d movies. Also I'm probably going to buy a lot more blu ray movies as I'd like to watch even some of the older movies on blu ray like for example north by northwest is an old favorite I'd like to see on the "big screen". Before I had the tv I'd feel kind of depressed a bit near the end of the day, since another day was over and there was nothing left to do but get into bed and try to fall asleep. Now at the end of the day it kind of feels like I'm going to the movie theatre each night.