I originally ordered this set in Mid-May and had it shipped via Amazon Prime, It arrived in a very timely manner and I immediately unboxed it and hung it on my wall.The first thing I did was plug everything in and make sure it works. It did without problem. I ended up having to go out and on the way home rented a 3D Movie to play via Playstation 3 to the television. I got home, popped it in, set up the 3D glasses and settings and was AMAZED at how great the picture was. The blacks are truly BLACK (To the point where all black screens made me do a double take, thinking I turned the television off) and the colors were vibrant. I bought this blindly thinking "Hey 3D Might be cool" but have to say I am completely hooked on it now!The next day I plugged in my laptop via HDMI and ran a few tests, Input lag and dead pixels mainly (Input lag will be covered later). I noticed a problem...Two dead pixels, One fully black on red images and the other black no matter the color.I called Amazon and was met with a very nice representative who helped me get a replacement shipped under the agreement I'd ship the current set back when I received the replacement. She even upgraded my shipping to 1 day (Because I called on a Friday I guess and they couldn't ship until Monday).I received the replacement 7 days ago and after unboxing it and testing (once again) for input lag, flashlighting (uneven backlight), or dead pixels I saw no issues. The original television I got must've been an uncommon mistake.Over the course of the first few days having it I decided to get a calibration disk (after deciding I'd keep it) to REALLY see what this baby could do.After 2-3 hours of calibrating I was WOWED once again by how beautiful and picture perfect the image quality, blacks, and colors were. Everything looks natural and "just right".So, All in all I'm VERY impressed and happy with this product, The colors and image quality were far superior to anything I saw at my retail store (Which, ironically, sells this television for $400 more). Having now played through a few games on it, watched a few movies and done just about everything I could imagine myself doing I can't find a single REAL fault that would make me think twice about getting this again.INPUT LAG: I know this isn't covered in most reviews and this is SPECIFICALLY why I went with this television. The input lag is non existent. That isn't me telling you "I don't see it while gaming"... That's me telling you after testing it thoroughly. Input lag versus a CRT in Game Mode was an average of 16ms, One frame or less of lag. I've used this with a mouse and keyboard (which should feel it best out of anything, though the tests say it themselves) and there was nothing. Nada. Fighting games? SSF4, Tekken, and Mortal Kombat all felt or saw nothing. FPS games had the same performance. This set has been ran for gaming on a PC, PS3, and Xbox 360 and all of them are brilliantly flawless in performance via HDMI. This was NOT the same experience of my former HDTV.PROS:-AMAZING Picture Quality-Completely even backlighting-NO Input Lag AT ALL-IPS Panel-Fully featured settings list-3D Performance is mindblowing-Not a single dead pixel on the replacement-VERY Sturdy Construction compared to other designsCONS:-Power cable doesn't detach from the television, Not a problem for me but might be for others-Original unit had multiple dead pixelsOTHER COMMENTS:-Be sure to note that the screen and bezel are both GLOSSY, Some people are bothered by this but I personally think it looks great!This has been rated 4 out of 5 stars because of the pixel problems with the original unit, though I fully recommend this set now that I have one of proper quality.