This set just rocks.  It was between this and a Samsung LED on sale with an instant mfr rebate at my local Costco.  The LED had super sharp picture quality.....unfortunately it also had a very distracting tendency towards jagged artifacts during fast motion scenes.  It was much better than early LCDs, but visible anomolies attributed to the motion smoothing technology were rampant.  Until that and the limited viewing angle issue are perceptibly addressed in LCD/LED panels, my money goes to plasma technology, particularly as an avid gamer.Pros:Awesome picture quality (nothing matters more in my book).  Going from a 42" 720p Panasonic plasma to this model, the 'softness' of DVD content is quite apparent from two separate high quality upscaling players.  Blu-ray is a must at this screen size, and the quality is such that watching outdoor scenes from a stationary camera that suddenly sets into motion is slightly disorienting.  The effect is akin to looking out an open window and the scenery begins to move as if the house is on wheels.  I spent the first few days viewing various content using the cinema picture setting after reading several articles designating this as the closest to THX.  I later found a site with specific consumer calibration settings for this model and the difference this adjustment made is remarkable.  I've replaced the factory default with these settings for all inputs and now the color, color temp, saturation, contrast, etc., are spot on.  Cinema is not bad, but it definetely mutes the color pallete too strongly for my liking.Nice connected functionality and application suite.  Netflix streams nicely and the picture is good for their HD content and subpar for non-HD.  That's not the tv's fault...their SD content looks like crap on smaller screens too.  The apps are arranged nicely and they perform well.  The connected content is not a big factor for me, but the app selection introduces a few offerings, Amazon and CinemaNow, that are not available on my other streaming devices.  HuluPlus is notably missing, if that matters to you.  Getting connected was easy, that is, easy after I gave up trying to enter my wireless network passkey (which was rejected) and instead connected via the WPS function.  Hopefully your router has this feature because it made the process a breeze.Cons:Pedestrian styling.  This set is considerably thinner than earler generation plasmas, but the styling is squarely ho-hum.  The bevel is relatively thick and while there's not much to complain about, there also little that improves upon the aesthetic of its predecessors.  The set is also fairly non-descript so it is not likely to be an offensive addition to your living room, and there's nothing to detract your eyes from the excellent picture when powered up.  The base pedestal is a high gloss piano black finish that does a great job of showing off how rarely dusting happens around my place.The not so subtle brightness shift occurring between light and dark scene transitions described in other reviews here is a fact of this model.  While it is noticable, it becomes markedly less so, provided you make some picture adjustments that should be made even in the absence of this flaw.  It's definitely not a dealer breaker for this reviewer, and there are far more egregious imperfections in today's competing flat panel technologies.Overall, you'd be hard pressed to find a model of this quality and performance out there, especially at this price point.