I've had this particular model for about a month.  The picture quality is just outstanding!  I just have some quirks about a couple of things.The picture is just outstanding!  I can't stress it enough.  The high-def media I had wasn't quite bluray quality, but you wouldn't notice the difference while watching. The tv really enhances video playback.  For the 3D, I've been blown away and I've also been sorely disappointed.  It's not the tv's fault.  I just picked some crappy 3D movies to watch.  If you want to see what 3D brings to a movie, watch Legend of the Guardians in 3D.  So far, that is the best movie I've found to really show off what this tv can do.Sound?  I run through a surround sound system so I can't really comment on it too much.Now the quirks....PiP - When will companies realize that I would like to choose the sources to use with PiP?  Unless you are going to plug your coaxial cable directly into the tv, PiP is useless.  It's the only source that you can use.  Everyone I know is using a DVR from their cable company and hooking up via HDMI.  If that's your setup, you won't ever use PiP.  To me, this is a let down.Sound - I don't know if this is just my setup (haven't really looked into it), but the sound periodically cuts out for just a second.  This is especially noticable when playing media from hard drives.All Share - This is the reason for the mark down.  This is Samsung's media sharing software you put on your computer.  It's garbage.  I had nothing but problems with it.  It wasn't until I uninstalled it that I realized you don't even need it to begin with.  My WMP media hub showed up after I plugged some hard drives directly to the tv.  Go figure....Some additional thoughts...Don't go wireless if you plan to stream high quality stuff.  This is just me though.  I had the tv and laptop wireless, and movie playback was skipping.  Switch to wired and all was good.The QWERTY remote doesn't fully control other Samsung devices.  I still have to use four remotes in total.  Something to keep in mind.Not all settings work well for every single movie, especially with the 'Auto Motion'.  Depending on the movie, you may find yourself playing around with this setting often.The settings you setup are not across the board for each source.  You have to manually update your tv settings for each source.  This actually works out great in the long run though depending on the sources you plug into the tv.Pairing the QWERTY remote and 3D glasses took all about 5 seconds each.  The manual said to be right at the tv, and I was.I received my QWERTY remote, two pairs of 3D glasses, MegaMind, and Shrek 4 about a week after I did the vouchers online.  I had bought the Starter Kit along with the tv.  Samsung actually messed up and sent two copies of Shrek 4 just in different packages.That's all I got.