This TV delivers awesome value to those who are not interested in 3D. I did not have any retailer nearby that carried this model (retail stores prefer the pricier 3D models), so I bought it from Amazon on blind faith. Turned out to be a great decision!Pros: The picture quality of this TV is amazing. Blacks are black, colors are vibrant and motion is smooth. The biggest thing I noticed compared to my smaller 1080p Samsung LCD is that shiny objects actually look glossy on this tv. Blacks seem to be pretty deep to me, certainly a step up from any LCD or LED I have seen. The picture quality is also a step us from the thicker Samsung PN50C550 50-Inch 1080p Plasma HDTV (Black) I was able to see in stores. That model has a nasty habit of having random background fuzziness that both this TV and the higher end Samsung plasma models don't seem to have. If you are considering between the two like I was, get this one instead.The Movie setting is very nice, and there are tons of calibration options if you want to really get the picture how you prefer it. Samsung should be proud to put their name on this TV.One good thing about this TV is that is does not suffer from the "soap opera effect." In fact, turning that effect on is not even an option!The built in tuner is good. The TV picked up my local channels and HD sports look amazing. SD programming looks pretty good compared to my old LCD, but I personally watch less and less SD stuff nowadays. I hooked up my HTPC and the TV has a perfect 1:1 pixel mapping, which means no overscan.This TV is super slim (like their LED series) and very ascetically pleasing. I actually prefer the glossy traditional Samsung look over the matte black and brushed metal of the 7000 series plasma I saw in the store locally. There is no buzz, or at least none that I can hear. My wife plays music for a living so she has good ears and she never complains. Mine was made in June, which must be when they got it figured out.Image retention started off pretty bad but got ok within a week and ever since then IR has barely been a factor. I have my Xbox hooked up to the TV, and gaming is great with no ghosting or blur.Cons: Unlike what the description above states, the TV does not have the Cinema Smooth feature unless you are willing to hack into its service menu and force it to think it is the 8000 model. I personally don't want to void my warranty, so I left that alone. If you read online you find that Cinema Smooth raises the black level anyway and is probably not a wanted feature. Go outside of Samsung if you want 24p.The service manual warns about not watching too much 4:3 content (I assume to avoid black vertical bar burn in) and even though I haven't had any problems if your DVD collection is all pre-2000's SD TV then maybe consider something that's not a plasma.The only picture quality downside is that it is not as sharp as some TVs I have seen; the image doesn't "pop out" as much as the highest end models do. But overall the amazing blacks, colors, and lack of motion blur means it easily bests any LCD near it in price.If you have a bright room this TV might not be the best because the screen isn't as bright as some LCDs, but that brightness (unless you pay $2000+ for a LED with local dimming) also means washed out colors so consider some curtains and enjoy the show!The last downside is that the stand is weak, but the TV comes with a way to attach it to a nearby wall for support.Overall I think this TV provides great value for those who don't care about 3D, and should be considered over the 2009 plasma models that are thicker but barely less in price. Amazon seems to be the only place to get it, and for that I thank them!Other Comments: The delivery was easy. I called Pilot a day after Amazon confirmed it shipped, and they scheduled a delivery time for me a whole week ahead of the indicated delivery date. The delivery man helped me set it up and hook up my Blu Ray player to make sure it worked. Don't be scared buying online, it was really a nice experience. Time to go watch a movie!