It took me about 2 months and a lot of research to finally decide on a LCD flat panel TV and this is the one I finally bought. I'm huge on customer reviews and read everything I could get my hands on about different brands and kept coming back to LG. I've only had this set for a little over a week and so far so good. The picture is great, it was extremely easy to set up (it took me longer to attach the stand (it was an issue of trying to use the wrong size screws) than it did to set up the TV) and I couldn't be happier. The only real problem I had was with the HDMI connection. I thought I also needed an HDMI cable so purchased one only to find out that the converter box I had from my cable provider didn't have an HDMI port. I called the cable provider and found out I needed an HD converter box which was going to cost me an additional $10 a month to my already staggering monthly TV bill.  I gave in when they tempted me with a free DVR. Anyway, when the technician came to hook everything up, he asked me a very simple question. What did I use my TV for? He said that one of the biggest traps that people fall into (especially when they don't know much about this sort of thing) when they buy an HD LCD TV, is that 9 times out of 10 they don't need an HD connection at all.  He said if I were a big sports enthusiast, watched a lot of live TV or hooked my computer up to play games then I should by all means get the HD connection, but for regular TV viewing I didn't need it. He thought the picture was great on the LG and so do I. Since I'm not much for sports or those other things, I cancelled hooking up HD for the time being.  At some point, I'll succumb and do the HD thing, but for now I'm happy with a great TV and look forward to watching more amazing television on it. You will have to decide for yourself if you want HD or not, for me and my budget, saving $10 a month on something I don't really need is huge to me.The only complaint I have and I understand this is going to change because of Federal regulation is that I have to adjust the sound from time to time. This has nothing to do with the TV.And, actually setting up or programming the TV was very easy. I was worried about whether or not I'd be able to do it without LG tech support on the phone, but it really couldn't have been easier.I recommend this TV and the size is pretty great. I thought about buying a 42" set but am happy with this "smaller" size, any bigger and I would have had to set up my favorite TV viewing chair outside in order to watch it without being distracted by seeing pixils rather than picture. Take that into consideration when you buy a TV, if you have a really large room then a really large TV is fine, otherwise all you see are pixils (the little dots that make up the picture) rather than just a TV picture.Hope this helps with your selection.  Good luck.