As someone previously commented which I want to point out, this TV set is indeed out of this world.I didn't buy this at Amazon but I wanted to write a review to give my 2 cents to those who are debating whether they should buy this plasma or the LED UN55C8000. When it comes to TVs, I'm no expert by any means but I do my fair share of research before committing to spend anything above $2000. I've always been an LCD-type guy and didn't like plasmas because of the previous issues with them (burn in and lifespans). But with adequate research, I discovered that these areas have been exploited and highly improved by plasma manufacturers making the issues almost a thing of the past. I'm also the guy who likes new technology (I'm a programmer/application developer) and like to show off my new toys to friends. So why did I chose the plasma technology over the new technology, LED?...I'll start off by saying that for 2 months, I was torn between this plasma model (PN58C8000) and the LED UN55C8000. I did a lot of research, comparing and contrasting these two Sammys. Even got a chance to see them side by side at a local BB store. As others stated, the Brick and Mortar stores are not the best place to compare any TVs, including these two units because the LCD-LEDs will outshine the plasmas most of the time due to their brightness and also store settings.On January 28, 2011, Best Buy priced these two units only $100 apart; the LED being the cheaper one (that was heck of a deal). At the time, both offered the same 3D bundle (3D BluRay and Starter Kit). On February 1, I pulled the trigger on the plasma because of these advantages over the LED:1) Superior picture quality when viewing at an angle.2) It's 3 inch bigger than the LED. Although not much, I can still brag to my friend that mines is 3 inches bigger than his. No pun intended.3) Got this TV because of Superbowl XLV and all I can say is WOW. Everyone who came to my Superbowl party was talking about the TV and how life-like it looks, as if they were part of the game.4) Movies = No Soap Opera effect and more fluid and natural looking.5) It's 600Hz subfield motion, not 120 or 240. That means 60 frames per second x 10 sub-fields = 600 flashes per second, making the picture more fluid and less to none artifacts.6) This I really love. When watching a classic movie, such as Goodfellas, it gives a Movie Theater feel and picture to it. This is one of my favorite movies and my LCD (LN46C630) doesn't do it justice as this plasma does.7) Response time. For gaming and sports.8) Very minimal to no ghosting (crosstalk) in 3D.9) During dark scenes, no clouding present on-screen. This is actually one of this TV set's plus, the images pops out while background retains deep blacks.10) Cost less than the LED.Disadvatages over the LED:1) Less energy efficient2) Only a .2 or 1/5 inch fatter than the LED.3) Yes, it is still susceptible to image retention but it goes away fairly quickly. Haven't experienced it, personally.4) As for burn-in, with pixel shifter on, Samsung techs says it's almost impossible to get it.5) Not really a disadvantage but the LED does have a more pop to it because of its picture sharpness. This may also be a disadvantage, IMO, of the LED because it makes some scenes look rather fake or weird. For example, I watched a TV show on my friend's set and during a scene where a trash can was behind the characters, for some reason the characters were popping out and made everything else looks like another dimension. It's like taking a cut-out and pasting it on a piece of paper. Some people like this and some just don't. But again, that's all subjective. Personally, I could deal with if I had the LED.Other notable aspect I wanted to mention is the humming or should I say buzzing. Some reviewers experienced buzzing with these sets and some of those reviewers experience it worst than others. After chatting and speaking with several Samsung techs on different occasions, they all told me that it is normal for a plasma to buzz but not to an extent. My set does have a hum/buzz but I only noticed it after reading the comments from other online reviews and actually paying really close attention to it. I have to literally put my ear behind the TV set to hear it but when viewing it in front, it's not present. You have to try hard to just hear it. And since I have a surround sound (paired the set with the Bose Cinemate II), I don't hear it during viewing.As for 3D, I watched Monsters vs. Aliens and it's like watching it in theaters. Haven't tried the set with gaming but I've read that it's pretty amazing.Hopefully, this review helped in some way for those looking to buy either of the two models mentioned.Happy hunting and good luck on your decision. Either way you go (LED or Plasma), you will enjoy your new HDTV. Me and my friend does.Additional sources:[...][...]