Let me preface this review by saying I rarely do product reviews unless if I am exceptionally incensed or impressed by a product.  This is an unusual case, as I feel both ways about this TV.  I've had it in my possession for about 3 months now, and can say without a doubt that it is one of the best viewing experiences I've had.  Crisp, vibrant colors, and no noticeable delay or ghosting.However, after the first month, I noticed some burned-in images from a videogame that was played fairly frequently (~6 hours a week for the first 4 weeks, if I were to put a number to it).  I was startled by this, and discontinued use of this game on the TV, and began a rigorous process of playing fullscreen movies back to back for 5-6 hours a day for about a week.  The image retention did diminish somewhat, but did not completely fade.  I backed off of this rigorous flushing of the phosphors, but have not put anything static on the screen in the last 2 months (barring a few seconds here and there, naturally) in order to let this work itself out.  Unfortunately, the ghost of the retained image is still there in some capacity.I decided that this can't be right and called Panasonic's customer service today, only to be informed that the warranty does not cover any kind of image retention.  He mentioned that since image retention is caused by the customer 50% of the time, Panasonic corporate has decided that 100% of these issues are to be considered "damaged by the user", since they otherwise would have to settle with more cases to solve.  To their credit, I inspected the warranty, and in plan English, it does say "...nor does it cover markings or retained images on the glass panel resulting from fixed images..."  I tried reasoning with the support operator, saying that I've not even spent that much time enjoying the TV yet, and yet it looks like I will be stuck with this retained image, possibly for the duration of the system's life.  While understanding and friendly, they would not budge, nor would their manager.  My only option is to contact a recommended repair facility and pay out of pocket to have this repaired, or of course, "deal with it".On the one hand, the TV was relatively inexpensive (compared to LCDs in this size range), so I won't feel to badly stung if I should feel the need to replace it in a year or two.  However, I find it embarrassing for Panasonic to put so little faith in their products.  I spend a small fortune each year on tech and gadgets, and have yet to run into another big-ticket item that the manufacturer was so willing to admit is sometimes problematic without offering any recourse except paying out of pocket for repairs.Panasonic, you make a fantastic looking screen.  However, I will not purchase another screen from your brand until both the reliability and customer service has improved.  I hope this review does not come off as completely scathing of the product, but more as a cautionary tale.edit 10/11/11: Upping this to a 4 since the image quality is still excellent, and the error was admittedly due to my own error.  Beware, though, and really work in your screens when you first get them as has been advised in these comments.