I spent a long time reviewing TVs before making a purchase and I'm very glad I took a chance on this relatively new Sony. It appears to have all the features of the more expensive XBR series but uses local-dimming edge lit LEDs rather than back-lighting. This makes it thinner, which was more important to me than image quality for my application. I also like that it has a uniform thickness and looks great mounted on an island in my home. It is strange how few companies care about the view from the back...Update the firmware as soon as you get it so that the newer features like video streaming and iPhone media remote (available through app store) work properly. Qriocity didn't work due to the recent security breach but should be back up soon. Netflix streaming and Pandora work perfectly. The presence sensor is nice when set to only do motion detection otherwise it performs poorly for facial recognition when you are heavily backlit. I have windows behind me and many times the settings page would say the presence sensor is not functioning properly. I thought it was broken until I tried later at night. It worked great then and was almost creepy how it changes the sounds and picture based on where you are in the room. I also like the feature which prevents children from getting to close to the screen. The facebook and weather widgets are based on Yahoo! widgets and I have to say that they are pretty gimmicky. They aren't fast and navigating within them is nowhere near as nice as the other built-in features. Weather, Facebook, Stocks, etc are so much easier to get to by grabbing my phone than working with the remote. Speaking of, the remote is strange in that it is big. It also has an extra power on/off button on the back. It looks really cool and is recessed to prevent inadvertent presses.DLNA streaming leaves a little be desired because it doesn't support MKV files, XVID, or other popular video formats. It also took a long time to start rendering/playing a plain mpeg file I sent via my Windows 7 laptop. Simply plugging in my WDTV Live for DLNA streaming from my laptop solved all that and worked so much better. Pictures and music seemed to work fine however. When hooked up to a Windows 7 Media Center PC via HDMI or DVI, the screen looked better than my own computer's LCD. It was so clear and crisp that it can easily be used instead of a projector for presentations and Starcraft II looked amazing.The Gorilla Glass monolithic design is just plain sexy. I like it better than the D8000 Samsung. To me, the Samsung sets looked a little too plastic-y even though the very small bezel looked so awesome from far away. The HX820 looks like a solid piece of black glass when it is off. I receive a lot of comments from people just walking past it in the room. The stand it comes with is a very nice and sturdy with a sort of brushed/anodized look to it. It is very classy.Even though the screen is very bright, the glossiness is troublesome at time. There is a lower end Sony that comes with a matte screen and slightly lower feature set that would provide me with better viewing but it just doesn't look as badass sitting up there.The internet browser doesn't really work well and I found it troublesome that it tries to load Sony's own web page upon startup and then after a couple minutes(!) fails with a message that the page is too large. So much for testing before shipping. I'm sure future firmware updates will resolve this and I love the idea that it updates itself. The only real area I feel Sony missed the mark with this TV is that they went through the trouble of adding the presence sensor and Skype but you still need another camera to use Skype. I know the built-in one is very poor quality but it seems like it would have been easy to make a dual purpose camera.Overall, this is the best TV I've owned. Add to that Amazon's price protection policy if the price decreases after you buy it for refunds and you really cannot go wrong pulling the trigger.A note on shipping: It was delayed more than 4 days from the estimate given to me due to some ambiguous "external factors". I'll let that slide though because I assumed it was due to the tornado(s) in the middle states. The delivery service was very good about calling to schedule times and the guys that came did an nice job plugging it in to be sure it worked before leaving.Overall, great buying experience, great TV, and great shipping.