I did a lot of research and checked out a lot of TV's before deciding on this one. I've had this TV for over 2.5 months now and I'm very happy with my purchase. I bought it based primarily on it being picked as Best 2011 TV by CNET and having the highest score/being recommended by Consumer Reports. And of course, based on my own observations at several local big box stores. I weighed all the pros and cons of Plasma vs LED, Passive vs Active 3D, price vs features, name brand vs reliability history, etc... and decided this TV would be the best deal out there. The picture quality, both 2D and 3D, is just awesome. It looks great right out of the box. It has a lot of picture settings, so I didn't even have to customize my own. I suppose if I took the time to adjust the settings to fit my own taste, the picture quality could probably be a little better. However, I don't find that necessary, because the TV has several custom settings that are plenty adequate. Unless you're an extremely critical videophile, there's really no need to mess around with the settings.Now I understand some other reviewers have some concern about the screen peeling and the TV buzzing. In fact CNET also addressed this issue and didn't think it was a problem. Of course, I was a little concerned too when I decided to buy this TV. But after 2.5 months and over 250 hours of use, I'm glad to report no screen peeling issue with my set. The picture quality is still awesome. There is indeed a minor buzz, but it only occurs when the TV detects no signal. Once the signal is received, the buzz goes away. The buzz is extremely minor and is not an issue for me.There was also some concern about playing video games on this TV. I have an Xbox 360. I normally set my TV to Game Mode when playing video games and so far have not experienced any problems. On a couple of occasions, I forgot to set it to Game Mode while playing games and did not notice any problems either.Simply put, this Samsung TV is just awesome. Beautiful design. Awesome picture quality. Very good sound for such a slim design. Both CNET and Consumer Reports got it right on this one. To this day, I'm still amazed at the picture quality of this TV. So, 5 stars from me at this time. If there's any change in the future, I'll update my review accordingly.Now, a few words about the delivery experience. Amazon shipped my TV much sooner than the expected delivery date. So, thumbs up for Amazon. They use Pilot as the delivery company. You need to keep an eye on these guys. They're supposed to unbox the TV and power it up to make sure the TV does turn on (they're not supposed to set it up, just power up). My guys were probably in a rush to make other deliveries and were somewhat careless in their work. One guy dropped a screwdriver on the TV base, causing a minor dent. Fortunately, it was on the rear side, so it was not visible when viewing the TV from the front. But still, I now know the dent is there. After causing the dent, this guy is still holding the screwdriver and waving it inches from the TV screen as he tried to remove all the packaging materials. By this time, I was already a little upset and had to remind him to be careful with his screwdriver. I could have refused the delivery because of the dent, but in the end decided to be a nice guy and accepted it anyway. So, just a word of caution: Watch the delivery process carefully.