After having this TV for almost a year, it's flaws become pretty apparent. The TV is perfect except for the following things.1) Sometimes the letter buttons on the reverse side of the remote will just stop working. So if you are using the built in YouTube, you might find that you have to manually use the arrows to go to each letter on the screen even though you have all these letter buttons on your remote. They just randomly don't work sometimes.2) Netflix is fine, but YouTube and other apps have serious difficulty streaming for extended periods of time. Even on a 50mbit internet connection, the TV can't seem to buffer the video far enough into the future, and videos play extremely choppy. But this seems to happen more on the 3rd or 4th video you watch, almost like the older videos are being stuck in cache somewhere and now the cache is full, so quitting the app and reloading it makes it better for another two videos... it just seems like they didn't test their included Apps. Maybe this app is provided by YouTube and not vizio, but it is still a part of the TV.3) Automatic volume adjust doesn't work after awhile... the volume will be great, and then sometimes the volume auto adjust feature that is supposed to maintain a constant volume on all content gets screwy, and the volume goes up and down and up and down and up and down while watching movies or videos. Extremely annoying. It can be rectified by either turning the Smart Volume off, or resetting to factory defaults (but then it may randomly return). Turning the Smart volume off would be fine, except when you do this, you may find for certain videos or movies, you will turn the tv volume all the way up to 100% and it will still be quieter than it was when the smart volume was working at 30 or 40%. Basically, your overall maximum volume is seriously reduced. I would say this is the most annoying issue of all with this TV, and if I had known this before hand, I would not have purchased this TV unless I had also purchased a separate audio system.4) About once every 2 months the TV just completely freezes, won't turn off or on until you unplug it. Something about the software on the TV I guess, just has some kind of error and if you are watching TV at the time, the picture gets stuck, and the buttons stop working. You need to unplug the TV and plug it back in. Sometimes it happens when the TV is off, and you can't turn the TV on until you unplug it and plug it back in. This happens without rhyme or reason, but it is rare. Still, it is very annoying when it does happen.5) 3D auto detect is a little poor. It detects fine with certain things like PS3 games, but other things like streaming movies it doesn't detect so well. I'm not sure if other TVs are better at this. It could be a fault of the source.Otherwise, this is a pretty nice TV. I do think it was worth the price at the time I bought it, it was very cheap for the included features. The picture is just fine, and it's big, and the 3D looks good.