It was time for a new television.  My nearly six year old 720p DLP projection set began to feel a bit small.I first tried a near top of the line Samsung LED LCD in this same size, but its picture was not uniform with backlight bleed extremely evident around the edges.  A problem with the latest LCD televisions.Therefore, I knew a beautiful Panasonic Plasma would be the answer!  In most ways, this is a strikingly great set.  It's a wonderful value here on Amazon too.  The features are nothing to laugh about.  Everything you would expect.  1080p, 3D (no glasses included though), and Viera Cast Internet Connection applications (these work great and include Amazon on Demand, Netflix, Pandora, Ustream, Weather Apps, and more).  A lot to like.  Indeed, a lot to love.The HDMI inputs are slightly limited at three, but most people will have a A/V receiver with HDMI inputs or a HDMI switch from Monoprice, so no issue there.  VGA input for PC is also missing, but I simply used a Mini Display port to HDMI adapter on my Mac Mini, so I have my Home Theater Mac connected just as easy as if the TV had a VGA port.  No issue there either.  You can map the regular A/V audio ports (white and red) to supply audio with the PC HDMI connection.The picture I immediately found to be great.  The blacks were oh so beautiful compared to the LCD.  The picture just felt more like it should too.  Great colors, great blacks, and no problem with fast action on the screen.  You must have slightly lower panel brightness to maintain accurate color, but for most, this is not a deal breaker.3D works fine too.  Panasonic uses IR signals (instead of Bluetooth as Samsung uses) to get the 3D information to the glasses, but it still works great!  Plasma seems slightly dim for 3D, but the other natural advantages of Plasma work fantastic with 3D, so it's a fine choice!  The 3D DirecTV channels work great with this set too!There is but one problem.  It seems nearly all Panasonic Plasma ST, GT, & VT (yes even the top of the line VT series) Plasma televisions manufactured between February 2011 through July 2011 have a problem called "fluctuating brightness."  When a scene changes, you can see the set automatically, abruptly, change the brightness of the panel.  This is rather disturbing and ruins the feel of the scene/film.  Some content makes it show up much more regularly while some content causes it to hardly be seen at all.  However, for a brand new television, one hopes not to have such an issue.Panasonic has issued a fix and the word on the street is that sets build in August and later of 2011 have been corrected.  Furthermore, a technician can come to your home and update the earlier sets, but in some cases this requires the replacement of the A board in the television, which means they have to open up the TV.  I do not really want my 1.5 week old TV opened up.  After all, it was a new set.  Therefore, I may be returning mine.  Sadly, I did not purchase on Amazon, so I will have to drive it back to the store.Overall, the ST30 is a wonderful television and I very much like my 55-inch version.  Sadly, the fluctuating brightness feels like a devastating flaw.  While I still recommend the TV, you might wait several weeks for the August and later builds to be more common.  After all, my September purchase was a March built set.  This TV offers a lot at a great value.  It's only sad we must worry about fixing this fluctuating brightness issue.  Without the flaw, the TV would have scored near 4.5 stars.  I would not run to a Samsung Plasma though either.  They reportedly have some fluctuating brightness too with no fix issued.