PROS: HDMI v1.3, great picture w/ deep blacks, lots of calibration options, minimal profileCONS: glossy finish, annoying menu quirksI've had this TV for a few weeks, and now that I've gotten the set calibrated I've been amazed by the picture. I had a Sony Wega CRT HDTV (30") that had a fantastic picture but I wanted a bigger TV. I also have a relatively bright room, so I wanted to see how a matte screen LCD would perform with a lot of ambient light. (This is why I didn't go with the Samsung LN-T4065F which has a highly reflective glass screen.) Having the matte screen has been great, there is considerably less glare that I have to deal with which makes up for the minor reduction in PQ going from CRT to LCD. Also, the hidden speakers on the bottom give this set a fairly minimal profile; it doesn't have big speakers along the sides or bottom which - in my opinion - make a TV look bulky. Other folks have mentioned poor sound quality from the hidden speakers but I haven't been disappointed. For games and movies I'm running the sound through my stereo system anyway.I'll provide my impressions by content.- XBox 360 (via component) output at 1080p: *amazing* detail and color. Since these are video games I'm not concerned about getting color "right", I'm more interested in "pop". Very vivid without crushing blacks too much. Response time is excellent, no noticeable lag.- Dish ViP 622 DVR (via HMDI) output at 1080i: this is a tough one to rate since most of the processing is happening in the DVR before it sends the picture to the TV. I can say this much: pure 1080i content that doesn't have much motion (such as "SNL" on NBC-HD) is fantastic. If you're willing to spend time getting the picture settings correct you will be very impressed. Unfortunately the compression that Dish uses (MPEG-4) leaves a lot to be desired for fast moving content. With a TV of this size sitting at normal viewing distance you will see the artifacts, but again it's not the fault of the TV. 720p broadcasts (such as ESPN-HD) appear to be a little better if you switch the DVR to output at 720p.- Sony DVD player (via component) output at 480p: the Samsung does a very good job upscaling the picture, it's not jittery at all. The level of detail during dark scenes is extremely impressive; the blacks are not as good as my CRT but still very deep.My only complaints about this set are very minor. The glossy finish is OK when the set is turned off but I don't like the glare when I'm actually watching TV. Using the menu (as noted by others) is a little slow, but it also skips back to the previous menu screen after only a few seconds. Somewhat annoying if you're doing lots of calibrations. I've also been unable to get truly white whites when using the Warm2 picture mode (even though Warm2 is as close as this set gets to 6500 K) but I still need to play with the settings a bit.Overall very very happy with this TV. The picture settings definitely need work out of the box but all LCDs do. Spend some time calibrating the set and you'll get a great picture. And with all the connection options (and HMDI v1.3) this is a TV you can keep for a long time. Looking forward to getting a combo Blu-ray/HD-DVD player later this year to really take advantage of this set's picture quality.