Sony BRAVIA KDL55NX720 55-inch 1080p 3D LED HDTV with Built-in WiFi, BlackWe had been holding off on the big TV - first, because we had a 10 year old Sony Wega that weighed close to 300 lbs to move out which would have been a royal pain due to a difficult and narrow door that almost made it impossible to bring in originally. Last year we renovated with a full 36" door, so removed that hurdle. But then my wife got transferred to Norway for the better part of the year, so household upgrades were put on hold. In Norway, we had a 46" LG in our apartment and decided it was time to get a new HD TV when we returned. My sister has an older Samsung and I was always impressed with it, and several other friends and relatives we know have Samsung or Sharp and they all seemed pretty nice. The LG we had was ok - but not overly impressive. So, upon our return, we did quite a bit of looking at TVs although the choices of places in our area are pretty limited - Sams Club, Sears and Best Buy are about it. The wait was worth it because LED types pricing dropped right into our budget range - at least if we stayed away from the very top of the line. Originally we planned for a 46" but considering the size of our room and the fact that we gained about 18" of depth compared to the old beast plus another foot moving the couch all the way back, we had a 14 ft viewing distance so the 55" made a lot more sense. We were pretty well set on the Samsung until we saw the Sony at Best Buy and it just seemed to have a much more even image - no glaring spots stood out as too overly contrasty or what I felt looked like hot spots on bright white areas of the Samsung - it seems the edge light with local dimming made a bigger difference than we thought. Again. at Sams Club, the same held true - the Sony was a 2010 model but still the image just seemed more even overall - not overly contrasty anywhere - obviously we knew these TVs could have been setup differently but the richness and clarity of the images without excessively glaring whites on the Sony was the biggest thing that swung us from the Samsung. Price was also very attractive - Sams dropped the price to under $1600 probably because they were trying to clear out the last of the 201o's. Doing my due diligence price checking on-line, I found this 2011 model here on AMazon for just under $1650. The few extra enhancements seemed worth the small additional cost - actually less cost since I saved the gas of another trip and the sales tax. Well, we are completely thrilled. The old TV was donated to a family that lost all their electronics due to a lightning strike - easily moved out through the new door. The Amazon contract delivery was right on time - calling at least twice to arrange the delivery time and again an hour before arrival. My only complaint is they left the TV leaning up against the cabinet and would not wait the 10 minutes for me to assemble the base and assist me in lifting it onto the base. They said they were not allowed - just had to power it up to see it work. However, I did make them wait until I connected the cable and used the remote to make sure the image was normal and all things were working. So after cleaning up the mess they left of the packing materials, I got the TV fully set up and it was fantastic from the get go. Going for the 55" was the best choice for us too - we have the perfect space for it. The only complaint I have is the speakers are not very good - some say due to the thinner depth of the LED TVs - but then Bose seems to do pretty good getting rich sound from small enclosures. No matter - I have an old 5.1 Yamaha and some decent speakers so the sound is great. Minor complaint is putting the connectors on the back off to one side rather than near the middle and having some connectors on the side that would be better on the back. The ambient sensor I had to disable since my center speaker temporarily sits in front of the TV and the base is not high enough to clear it - will be a non-issue once TV is wall mounted. The Internet wifi connected right off and has been no problem - I even setup the iphone remote app but generally just use the unified cable box remote. I'm still playing around with the scene/image settings so can't advise on the best - most things look fine using the default. For the motion settings, I find the default works perfectly fine, choosing the extra-smooth seems to dim the image too much. The default setting seems to be fine for baseball and football so far - we'll see about hockey soon. Overall we are thrilled and feel we made the best choice - I would recommend this model for anyone, especially at the price we got it - have not checked into the 3D yet - not a big attraction for us - we don't watch movies much - more into sports - of course your mileage may vary. But5 without going to a top of the line model for a lot more $$$ I find it hard to see any better. Also, for the record - Vizio does have some really great images - just the boxy looking thick bezel would not fly for my wife, otherwise I might be looking at a Vizio right now!