I recently purchased the TC-P50GT30 model and the fluctuating brightness on my set (that many other reviewers have talked about) is extremely noticeable on my TV in the Standard video mode. It isn't just something that is barely perceptible. There is a definite and noticeable drop in brightness and then, ever so quickly, a switch back to the original levels. It was nearly unbearable to watch some programs and movies that have a lot of transitions from light to dark. I've found the only way to curb the brightness fluctuation is to set the TV into a different video mode. I currently have mine set in Vivid mode and the fluctuation isn't as noticeable but it is still there a bit. The quality of the picture is still amazing. The colors are spot-on and I would say it has one of the best pictures I've ever seen. However, with that being said, the fluctuating brightness was driving me nuts. The issue is much better combatted in Vivid mode but it isn't completely resolved. I would like to be able to enjoy the picture on my TV in the standard mode with the colors being the normal muted hues and not as blindingly bright as they are in vivid mode. I would also like to be able to adjust the picture to suit the type of movie or programming and not have to worry about this fluctuating brightness problem. Panasonic needs to release a firmware update to fix the problem ASAP or stop manufacturing the TV's with this glitch in them.The sound from the TV speakers is also not the greatest. The volume on the set has to be turned up quite high to hear any dialogue. However, doing so also results in very loud background sound levels when any soundtrack or music comes on.  My wife kept asking me why it was so loud but I had no answer for her. If I turned the volume down very much then we weren't able to hear the actors talking but whenever any soundtrack music came on it would get very loud.  I tried adjusting the settings in the TV menu but it didn't seem to make much of an impact, if any. The problem with the sound does not bother me greatly since I will be connecting a home theater system to watch most movies and other types of content that have volume fluctuations between the diaglogue & background volume. With my Denon receiver, I will be able to fine tune the audio so that this problem is not an issue.  However, if you don't plan on purchasing home theater equipment then beware of the volume jumps using the TV speakers. I would, at the least, recommend purchasing a sound bar to mount below or above the TV to take care of these issues.My main issue with this TV however was not the sound issues but the fluctuating brightness problem. After all, I bought the TV mainlty to watch the picture not listen to the sound from the TV speakers. The fluctuating brightness is a deal breaker for me. If I had bought this set from a brick-and-mortar store (like Best Buy) instead of Amazon then I would definitely be returning it. However, shipping on a 65 lb TV is cost prohibitive so I will just leave the set in Vivid mode, live with the problem and pray that Panasonic releases a firmware update to resolve the issue. I cannot personally recommend purchasing this TV based off my experience thus far. If there is an firmware update released to fix the problem then maybe I will reevaluate my stance but for now I am only rating the TV at 2 stars.