Ok.  I have had this for about 3 weeks now.  I went from an Insignia 37" 60hz non-smart LCD to this TV.  Its for our living room, so our main TV.  I was happy with our Insignia, but definately needed something bigger as I would get headaches at night, from eye strain.  My mom has had a Vizio for a few years and it has served her very well.  So when I saw I could get 12 mo interest free here on Amazon, I figured I would begin my search.  Now I analyze everything almost to the point of paralysis by over analysis, by reading customer reviews (on Amazon and AVSforum) and tech reviews from the likes of CNET.  Unfortunately this TV is too new CNET does not have a review up yet (hopefully soon).  Reviewed.com does have a technical review up of the 48" model tho.Here are my thoughts.I was close, VERY close to returning this.  I was hoping, almost expecting to be wowed by the picture due to the LED array and its newer technology overall.  Well it left me lukewarm at best.  BUT after a TON of tweaking and using some calibration settings from other reviewers, I think I have found the sweet spot for us.  Now the 120hz scared me.  The wife and I DO NOT think the "Soap Opera" looks good at all.  To us there is no depth with that and not natural looking.  On a side note, our brains n eyes are programmed to see motion blur, for example wave your hand from side to side in front of your face and you will see blur.  But I digress.  This TV does not have the "Soap Opera" effect (THANK GOD).  After reading AVSforum thread for the 48" set, a reviewer on there has stated that this series of TV's are actually a 60hz native, with 120hz active which explains the lack of "S.O.E".  Before I got the picture settings the way I wanted, there was some "choppiness" to fast moving pictures, but now it is very minimal.  But we would rather have that effect than the soap opera effect.  So not a deal breaker by any means.  It is still a lot better than our older Insignia.  You also have to keep in mind when setting the settings, that source has ALOT to do with it. We have cable and some channels look spectaculaer (Like Palladia, Discovery and ESPN) and others can look not so spectacular.  So when you do make changes look at a few different channels to get a better Idea.  Bluray and Vudu look fantastic.  So far any game we play on our PS3 looks great too. (I did adjust a few settings for the "Game" setting for that).We will definitely be getting a sound bar with wireless sub soon.  The speaker have good volume but thats about it.  Our old TV was hooked up with a 2.1 Klipsch PC Speaker set up using the headphone jack so we miss the "full" sound alot.  It's like going from a home theater to a transister radio, just no "oomph", not that I was expecting any.  But the new TV's don't have headphone jacks anymore, so 2.1 sound bar it is.Not much to say about the remote as we use the cable remote other than to link to Vudu or change the input to the PS3.Now the apps.  Some have said that the apps are useless, some don't work and signal reception is bad.  But most of those issues seem to be for the 55".  So when you read reviews, pay attention to what model you are reading about. (Really wish Amazon would not group all the sets together like this, cuz if one model has problems, it drags down the overall ratings of the models that is actually working well).  My firmware version is V1.16.55.0802 and again have not had any issues with Amazon Prime or Vudu (do not use any of the others, so can't comment).  There is more than one factor involved when it comes to the wireless reception, and everyone's situation is different, thus results will all be different.  We have a Wireless-N router and don't have any issues.Hopefully firmware updates are downloaded automatically, cuz for the life of me I can't find anywhere to check for updates for the TV.In closing, it took some time to get the picture to where WE like it as everyone sees differently (kinda obvious but has to be said).  I suggest, you give it a few weeks of tweaks, and try different sources before you make a final decision to keep or return it, if you do pull the trigger.  IMO you can't make an educated decision on just a few days of use...with anything.Hope this helps