I purchased the Samsung PN50C6500 right before Thanksgiving. It arrived on Black Friday but unfortunately after the Pilot guys set it up, I noticed that there were 2 huge cracks in the screen. I refused the package, they packed it back up, I called Amazon, and another one was shipped and received the following Tuesday. Nice! BTW, the first Pilot guys were pretty shady. They arrived in a rental Penske truck, ran with the TV into my house, and made a huge mess with the styrofoam while unpacking the TV and didn't bother to clean it up. One of the guys was in a uniform but the other guy wasn't and the uniformed guy kept telling the other guy what to do because he looked clueless in some language I didn't understand. None of that affected my ratings but just wanted people to know. Don't know if they were responsible for the cracked screen but let this be a warning to always have them unpack the TV before driving away or you will be responsible for sending it back.Anyways, as for the TV, it is great. I read a lot of reviews of this TV, the pnc8000, and various Panasonic and LG plasmas but this one just sounded like the best overall value.  I wasn't looking for a 3D model either. I just wanted the best picture for the best price. Also, when I bought the TV, it came with a 30 day return policy so I thought I might as well try it out and see for myself how this plasma stacked up. As soon as I received the plasma, I broke it in for 100 hours using break-in slides.  Then I used reputable calibration settings I found online.  I didn't do the service menu switch to the pnc8000 because I wanted to see what this model was about and not void my warranty.I watched the only 2 bluray movies I've got (Kick-Ass and Cloudy with a chance of meatballs) to test the plasma. The picture quality is amazing. I noticed a lot of details especially in the dark scenes of Kick-Ass and everything popped. HD cable looked really good as well. I was definitely impressed. Aesthetically, the plasma looks really nice. It's really thin and looks like an LED.  I've played a bunch of games off my PS3 as well (ie Madden, Uncharted 2) and there was no burn-in either. I accidentally left Uncharted on pause for about 30 minutes which left very little burn-in but then I ran the scrolling feature for about 5 minutes and it disappeared. Nice! I think with the break-in period along with improved plasma technology, burn-in isn't really an issue like it used to be.The biggest concern I had before buying this plasma was the buzzing noise that a lot of people talked about in forums and even in these reviews. I bought a Samsung LED a year ago that had a lot of buzzing so knew it wasn't a myth.  Now, there is a little buzzing I will admit but I don't think it is any more than any other electronic device. My PS3 and HD DVR box make more noise than it. During quiet scenes in the movies, I never noticed the buzzing even once.  My brother-in-law said he can't hear it even though I do when I am directly in front of it and really close.  So maybe the people who are talking about the buzzing just got bad sets or are really sensitive to those type of things. Either way, it is a non-issue for me with my plasma.