This is for SD content at a 16x9 ratio on this model as there is still so little true HD content available (over-the-air is still <10% 16x9).  DVDs upconverted to 1080i look incredible, with no noticeable artifacts and enabling settings/processing features don't detract from picture quality.  Over the air "HD" digital channels are not quite as good, but clear.  SD DirecTV varies but you get a slightly soft picture or else "shimmer" artifacts around the edges of moving things, most notable on faces.  Even so SD processing is as good as other brands.  Obviously the less processing devoted to stretching signals to match a 16x9 ratio the better here.  The two "Expert" (night/day) picture settings are the only ones that lessened SD artifacts.  On "expert" much tuning is needed to get the brightness/contrast, back-light, and advanced options balanced to your liking.  Color is very nice everywhere and blacks are great. In fact, when using Intelligent Sensor blacks and contrast can be too high, it works best for sunny/outdoor rooms (wish the I.S. had low/medium/high).  Perhaps a firmware update through the USB port can add this feature.  Even so, when using I.S. one "lite" options menu is still available to tweak some picture settings like black level, dynamic contrast, tru-motion, etc.  Tru-motion/120Hz gives new life to old TV programs but takes the romance out of many movies.  It's nice for documentaries/true stories but bad for fantasy/adventure.  S-Video processing in the set is of good quality and if you convert the s-video to HDMI through an upconverting DVD player the option to "just scan" is available for SD.  I'm glad I decided on the larger 47".  When using "just scan" an extra inch of horizontal picture is revealed which shrinks the actual vertical picture to 17" (but still 41" wide!) for widescreen DVDs.  On a 42" that is less than a 15" high picture 37" wide.  LG's S-IPS panel shines on viewing angle as well as colors.  Picture barely begins to darken at 45 degrees from center and only loses about 5% color and brightness to it's widest viewing angle of around 80 degrees. This is a wider viewing angle than all other LCDs.  Some I've seen begin to lose brightness in less than 30 degrees and half their picture is gone from 45-60 degrees off center.  The HD tuner is kind of weak.  My cheap-O Walmart 32" Emerson receives perfect signals from my large attic antenna.  Using the same cable the LG cuts out on some D-TV stations and SD ones are grainy. Maybe a $15 booster will solve this?  SRS sound from the "Frame speaker" works well when a Dolby 5.1 signal is being received.  The surround effect is actually good enough that you think sounds are coming from beside you.  Clear-voice lowers all channels besides the center one.  I haven't needed it as the SRS is so good.  Auto-volume really works on this TV.  No more incredibly loud commercials:)  The anti-glare screen!  My 14'x5' picture window is finally open all day.  With a Sony or Samsung/(large)Toshiba in bright uncontrolled environments you get an expensive mirror.  The non-shiny Sharp/(small)Toshiba panels do not match the LG for beautiful picture, tuning options and features.  Still don't mind shiny?  Then get a plasma, their pictures are creamy and show the beauty of HD better.  LCD's main advantages over plasmas are a matte screen and lighter weight.  Why would anyone want a shiny LCD?  Looks wise, the bezel is thicker than some and reflective.  Although not too annoying, I may add anti glare monitor cover material over the side bezels to fix this.  Other brands advertise thinner panels, however, in person they all have a 12" square power brick sticking out the back that makes them about equal.  After living with it a week I find the syle to be a contemporary design that will not look dated for many years.  Free white glove delivery through Pilot Air Freight was on time and smooth.  They unbox and place it for you so you can see it in good condition before you sign.  Prior to delivery I called their local number and the people were friendly and knew about my specific TV, amazing.  Bottom line, picture and contrast on this panel is good to great in any lighting conditions.  Get this set for the beautiful color and it's very wide, 'useable' 160 degree viewing angle.  Pricing is very good for the many high end features LG managed to put into this LCD viewing experience.