Note:  I purchased this 26"  LCD TV one week ago. As I am waiting for the cable company to upgrade my service, this set is simply receiving a standard cable signal without benefit of a converter box or High Def signal. Many LCD owners consider the signal source a major factor in image quality -- so I want to be clear on this point at the outset. Also, my DVD player is more than 5 years old and does not upconvert.PROS:Easy to install base pedestal. Four screws (provided) and a phillips head screwdriver are all that's needed. Instructions were clear and straight forward. Hooking up the coax cable took only a minute.Superb remote control.  Layout is intelligent and intuitive -- a pleasure to use. Glows in the dark (bright!) Sleep timer button is well placed on the upper corner and easy to access without even looking. Easily one the best designed remotes on the market and a pleasure to use.Picture and sound set-up controls are very easy to understand. Owners manual instruction very clear and straightforward.Sound is excellent. Very good quality and volume.  Treble, Bass, and Balance controls are easy to use if you choose.  For it's size and likely application -- a bedroom or a small den -- the sound is really quite good. This set has forward facing speakers -- not down firing as many LCD sets have.Picture is fair to good.  Live TV broadcasts such as news programs and talk shows appear brighter and with better, cleaner colors than movies -- especially films with dark scenes.  DVD programs appear much better. (Please note again the standard coax cable signal source I am presently receiving)2 HDMI inputs and multiple others. More than enough for most applications.CONS:Picture not as sharp as I would like, especially broadcast TV as opposed to DVD (standard DVD). Also, I am noticing scenes go from dark to light and back for no apparent reason. This could be due to a setting which may be improperly set .. but I've tried it both ways but see the same effect.One other frustrating scenario for example:  multiple camera shows.  For example, a news program where you have an anchor in the studio and a reporter in the field. The anchor looks pretty good but the field reporter might look a bit green or orange.  Other sets even this out, the Toshiba does not.Conclusion:For the money, this is probably the best value on a 26" LCD TV on the market today. Prices under $[...] are out there.  If you are an "average" TV viewer, you may find this set to be just the ticket for your bedroom. But, if you have a critical eye, you may find the tuner or signal processing unit on this set a bit under par compared to Sony and Samsung -- perhaps more sophisticated technology, but which also carry price tags of $[...] and more higher.Once I get a better cable signal, I may amend this review. Indeed, I will decide whether I am keeping the Toshiba or spending the extra money for the Samsung 26". So please "stay tuned".UPDATE: Yesterday I installed a Panamax PM8-HT 8-Outlet Power Line Conditioner and Surge Protector. The image quality of this TV increased markedly!  Panamax PM8-HT 8-Outlet Power Line Conditioner and Surge Protector