Like many, I researched HD tv's for months.  I pretty much knew that I wanted an LCD, so I didn't really look at plasmas.  It basically quickly came down to Sony vs. Samsung.  I have a PS3 and love Sony, so Sony probably had a slight advantage in my eye.  I viewed many different tv's in various electronic stores, and there are truly many great pictures out there.  I basically decided I wanted a Sony (saw more reviews about technical issues with Samsungs and just always trust Sony) and for about a month I had my eye on the 46xbr6.  I then was slightly torn between the 46xbr6 and the 40xbr7, which I could have gotten for the same price.  However, I was worried that the 40 would be too small (and now that I bought the 46 incher, I'm happy I did).  I was relatively close to pulling the trigger on the 46xbr6, when I was strolling through the Sony store and talking with a rep.  He said he thought the 46z4100 was probably the best bang for the buck, and had all the essential high end features of the xbr6, less the built in sub-woofer (I know there are other minor differences).  The z series was also very slim and stylish, very nice looking set.  I checked out the picture and it was super clear, and I knew that hardly anyone but a professional would notice any difference between this tv and a more expensive model once it was in my house.  I saw the price on Amazon for the z, about $500 less than the xbr6, and I pulled the trigger.Let me tell you, I am extremely pleased with this tv and so glad that I did the research and went with the model I did.  The picture quality is stunning!  I'm using the settings for this TV found on Tweak TV and it seems very nicely calibrated (very good basic setting if you don't have calibration software).  Colors are great, blacks are deep; peoples faces look very clear and lifelike.  The PS3, with both games and movies, is picture perfect!  So fun to play PS3 games and watch Blu Rays on this setup.  I also got Comcast HD cable hooked up and the picture quality is stunning on that as well.Some have complained about the speakers, but I find them quite adequate and actually more than enough for the average person (quite fine for me).  You have to make sure to go into the sound options and turn on the surround sound feature.  You can also mess with individual settings, I like Dynamic with treble 7, bass 9, s-force surround and voice zoom +2.The TV is great, and for the price I got I just couldn't be more satisfied.  I run everything through 2 Mediabridge high speed HDMI 1.3b category 2 cables that I got for a great price on Amazon as well ($9.99 each).As far as Amazon, the experience was quite excellent as well, and I'll not be afraid to purchase from them again.  I ordered the TV on 2/12/09 at about 11:00 p.m. and received the TV by noon on 2/18/08 and the shipping was free.  That coupled with no taxes made this one heck of a deal, and I saved at least $600 or more over the best deal at any store.  Additionally, the price dropped $120 a few days after I ordered, and I found the customer service number on here and called.  They quickly agreed to give me a credit for the $120, no questions asked.  The overall experience was great.  (I assume this price match may have been because this TV was offered directly through Amazon, not some other vendor.  They may offer price match with the other vendors, but not sure)Very Happy!(p.s., there seems to be absolutely no clouding or "sparkle" on my tv, not sure if those problems were just with the first few shipments of this series or if I just got a good tv, but there seem to be zero technical flaws with my set)*update: just upgraded to the newest software version 205r.  This update is really nice and seems like it improved the picture quality on my set.  It looks close to perfect now; I recommend updating by downloading from the Sony site, it's quick and easy.  I've never had any issues with any prior software versions, but I feel it's good to have the most current version; that's one of the great things about having a TV with a usb port, etc.