UPDATE 4/11/11: I have returned this TV to Costco. The blotchiness on the edges --likely faulty LED components-- became too distracting; the defect appeared to be getting worse, in fact. One of the people at the return counter gave us a curious sidelong glance, in a way that indicated to me that this was not an infrequent occurrence. Additionally, Costco did not have this unit in stock, either there or at two nearby stores. So either they were sold out, or Costco has stopped buying them from Vizio. Only one 32" LED TV was available, in fact: a Sony Bravia for about $500. Costco still had a variety of Vizios of other screen sizes.My previous score for this TV was 4 stars.Original review follows below:Note: I am not an HDTV expert; this is the first one I have ever personally owned. My unit is connected to over-the-air (OTA) broadcasts via coaxial, an Xbox 360 via component, and a Roku HD (720p, older model) via HDMI. I do not have cable or satellite TV, and I have not tried to connect my computer to this unit via the DVI port.Setup is quite straightforward. Simply plug it in, turn it on, and tell it if you want to watch TV via the coax, HDMI, or DVI. Batteries are included for the remote. I did not have to consult the manual to figure out how to set up the TV; the on-screen instructions were simple.I've had this unit for a couple weeks now, and I've been satisfied by the overall image quality, aside from some whitish blotchiness on the edges when the signal is "letterboxed," leaving black bars on the top and bottom. When watching OTA, there is occasionally some slight but noticeable pixelization when images transition rapidly, although these are probably artifacts within the signal itself; it never happens when I'm playing a 360 game.Physical connections are easy to reach, and the side of the unit has buttons to adjust all functions, in case you misplace your remote, or its batteries die. The side opposite the controls has several HDMI ports, and a USB port to view images or listen to music (this unit does not support video via USB). I can also confirm that the component inputs -- located on the back -- will accept 1080p (many older HDTVs are restricted to 1080i through this connection).The remote itself looks and feels a little cheap, and its glossy surface is easily smudged. But the buttons are firm, unlike the squishy kind seen in earlier Visio remotes (my parents own two Visios: a 55-inch LED-lit model, and a 24-inch non-LED). The unit also takes a good ten seconds to turn on. Changing channels is also pretty sluggish. Scanning for over-the-air broadcast channels is also quite slow, even by basic HDTV standards, but you shouldn't need to do that very often.Controls to adjust picture quality are quite extensive and fairly self-explanatory. Some controls, however, will require consulting the manual, as the informational text can be ambiguous. There is only one "custom" preset, but that's common even on high-end units. The other built-in presets offer a variety of noticeably different settings for given circumstances, such as sports, movies, and console gaming. I didn't notice much lag when playing video games. When you choose the gaming preset, there is a "gaming mode" option that allegedly reduces latency, but I didn't notice much difference. I do recommend keeping noise reduction set to "high" if you watch OTA television.The speakers are quite underwhelming, but this is to be expected in a unit with so little physical depth. The "Flat" default preset is particularly weak; I recommend using the "Rock" preset to add some much-needed low-end response. But an external audio system, even a cheap one, would probably be better than the speakers on this unit. I was unimpressed by its virtual surround sound and other audio tweaks and have left them disabled. There's one setting that is supposed to keep the audio level consistent so that commercial breaks are not loud, but it didn't seem to do anything. In fact, with this setting enabled, the sound levels scaled around erratically, regardless of what was being broadcast.It's a decent unit for the cost. It does not have Ethernet or wireless connections, but it actually appears less expensive (for now, at least) to get a separate gadget for that, like a Roku or Apple TV; televisions with such features tend to have other things bundled along with them, making them cost more when all you really want is the Internet connectivity.