This set is a pretty good set with pretty good image quality.  I was lucky and got one with no Flashlighting and no clouding.  From the thread on AVSForum com those 2 issues plague quite a number of the 2011 sets from various manufacturers.Overall I was quite impressed with the 3D in Avatar, most other movies look little better than 2D converted to 3D but I attribute this to the quality of the material being produced by the movie industry.  3D demos from nVidia via PC looked great and really popped so the set works well in that respect.2D to 3D conversion on the whole works OK.  It tends to make some mistakes on Landscape type scenes and does better with interiors although shadows and dark areas still seem way out of place at times.  It is quite clear some eggheads worked on getting the human form to convert from 2D to 3D pretty well though as people often look good.One main reason for this purchase was gaming and for that the extremely low input lag makes this a great set.The picture quality is very nice with deep blacks and good color with just one issue.Now on to that single issue.  Internally this set does a very poor conversion to 4:2:0 Chroma Subsampling even when fed a feed that is pure RGB or one specified as 4:4:4.  There is no way to disable this downsampling that occurs and it can damage colors that use red and/or blue when next to each other or black.  Panasonic support says there are no service menu options for disabling this downsampling as well.Most of the time this downsampling issue will not be noticed (most TV, DVD, most Bluray content).  However, when using Panasonic's own high end DMP-BDT350 bluray player and I would imagine several of their other lower end units that feature the "High Precision 4:4:4" Chroma Sampling for "More Vibrant, Smooth and Truthful Color Reproduction" this can be noticed on occasion.  This can also be noticed when using gaming consoles such as PS3 and Xbox 360.  It is also noticeable with a Home Theater PC and even the WDTV Live Plus.  It is the worst when Red or Blue text is on a black background.  I've also noticed it during laser grids in some movies (like when you see those red lines for laser security).  Note: output from the same exact devices to a Sharp LC-32GP3U and even a cheap 22" Insignia did not have this Chroma Subsampling down sample issue from the same sources.  This issue occurs regardless of input used, options selected, and as previously described is impossible to avoid according to tier 3 support from Panasonic (which took 4 days to call me back).Overall this is a pretty good set for the price with 3D in this size range.  It has one very disappointing flaw especially considering Panasonic in their bluray player line have been since 2010 touting the value of accurate color reproduction.  This flaw from what I have read affects all of the 2010 and 2011 sets across the LCD and Plasma lines from Panasonic and is likely related to one of the processing chips they chose.I've decided to keep this set but I'm definitely looking to upgrade in a year or 2 when more sets in the same size are available with less issues.