The styling of this TV is great.  I really appreciate the minimalist design and the lack of flimsy, scratch prone, glossy, cheap black plastic that so prevalent in electronics these days.  I like the quad stand - a monolithic slab of cheap plastic that would show every scratch and collect dust just doesn't appeal to me.  I've noticed more manufacturers are following Samsung's lead with more creative stands on the 2012 models.The picture quality of this TV is awesome.  The colors are vibrant and the black are deep without overshadowing the rest of the picture.  And with Plasma technology there are no issues with motion, screen uniformity and off angle viewing.  The one weakness of the picture is the whites are a little washed out - a trait of plasmas.Since I'm using an external audio sound system my only comment on the speakers would be - why use them?  If you're willing to pay this much for a picture then at least get a decent audio system to get the full effect.  Some sound bars are quite good.The streaming features are adequate.  As long as the main applications work without drama I'm fine with it.  They're usually the ones you pay for on a monthly basis (Netflix, Hulu Plus) or by per movie/show (VUDU).  The one downside is that for Netflix you're very limited to the picture settings.  For VUDU you have full access to the picture menu.  Of course if you plan on watching blu-rays/DVDs from a blu-ray player you can use the online services from that player and utilize full pictures setting from your HDMI input.Now what makes this TV so frustrating - the buzz sound.  I noticed it as soon I turned the TV on.  It's a piercing sound that projects straightforward.  Sit off center by two feet and it can't be heard.  I suspect for those who mount their TV the buzz will be a non issue since it would be projected overhead.  I've noticed if I lay-down on the couch I can no longer hear it.From my research I've learned that there are two kinds of sounds that may be heard from a plasma, one from the screen (my case) and one from the power source which is a sound that is heard everywhere.I knew about the buzzing sound ahead of time but I didn't think it would bother me.  This TV replaced my Panasonic plasma and if it was emitting a buzz I wasn't hearing it.  I don't think the buzzing sound is on every TV or at least not to the same degree.I've returned this TV for a Samsung UN55D7000 and was fortunate enough to get the 303 screen.  Uniformity issues and edge lighting are minimum but to be frank the PN55D8000 has the better overall picture.  And in some scenes there are motion issues that plague ALL LCD TVs.Perhaps I should have ordered another PN59D8000 (heck, I went through the trouble of returning one, what's one more?) but the overall picture of the UN55D7000 is still impressive.  The negatives of my LED LCD TV are nitpicks and it's completely silent.An astute reader may ask why I didn't go with a Panasonic Plasma for a replacement.  1) I don't like the styling and the acres of cheap plastic, 2) They have their own known quality issues and 3) the model I would want has been sold out and I already sold my old Panasonic.