My previous TV was a 7 year old 27" CRT, so it maybe doesn't take a lot to impress me.  But, I think this TV has a lot going for it.I am impressed with:- The cost- LCD is most energy efficient HD TV- I don't see any problems with off-center viewing, though in my den I can't get too far on the side.- I can run all my inputs to the TV (including audio) and run 1 optical audio to my stereo and switching inputs on the TV switches audio too!  This allowed me to get rid of my switching box.- My inputs:  - upscaling DVD player (probably will replace with 3d blu-ray at some point)  via HDMI  - a Roku (now still only needed for the roksbox app ([...]) so I can view video off of my home linux box) via HDMI  - a Wii via Component cable (and RCA stereo audio)- My roku is now mostly obsolete because the TV supports Netflix and Amazon VOD, as well as Vudu- The remote is standard IR, so I could train my existing universal remote easily- The picture quality looks great to me, though I'm coming from an SD, so maybe I'm easily pleased.- My wii was really laggy until I realized I hadn't turned on "game mode" for that input, problem solved!  Game mode is a permanent setting you can set per-input.- Does not seem to "stay on" when I turn it off... I have it plugged into an ethernet switch and the link light goes off when the TV is off.- I know it isn't perfect, but the passive "theater" 3d is great for my house.  I have 4 kids and can afford the theater 3d glasses, enough active shutter 3d glasses would have been as expensive as this whole TV.  We watched "Tangled 3d" off of Vudu and really enjoyed it.  3d probably won't be an all-the-time thing, but an occasional treat.- I haven't used the sound at all, but I like that the settings allow me to turn off the TV speakers completely.  (my old tv wouldn't do that and I was always finding the kids had turned it up to compete with my stereo).What could use improvement:- The TV doesn't support DLNA, which I can supposedly use to watch video off of my home network.  I'll likely buy a 3d Blu-ray player that supports it so I can get rid of my Roku.- The Apps are sometimes a bit slow to launch, netflix especially- The inputs are separate from the "apps".  So you can be on any input and then turn on an app and it "overrides" the input.  I'd almost rather prefer the apps menu was full screen and resided on its own "input" to keep the interface cleaner.- Pushing "exit" on an app will exit the whole app, which is counter-intuitive if you are coming from a Roku.- There are a variety of display "modes", like "normal", "movie", "game", that set things like the color balance, tint, etc.  I wish those could be permanently set per-input- There are a variety of HD settings like smoothing, etc that I don't understand.  I wish those could be set per-input, and also there was a way to reset them to the default.- It has 2 HDMI inputs on the back and 1 on the side.  I kind of wish it had 3 in the back, but once I ditch my Roku and get a blu-ray, I'll have an one left over in the back for the new HD wii, or whatever gaming system I get in the future.Other notes:- I have this standing on my old TV cabinet.  The stand seems fairly stable, but I am worried about the kids knocking it over.  I haven't looked, but I'd like it if the stand had a few holes I could put some bolts through to bolt it to the tv cabinet.- As long as this TV proves itself as reliable, overall I'm very pleased with the purchase and would definitely buy it again (until new technology supersedes it).- I like having apps be first-class on the TV.  Looking at 3d blu-ray players, it's almost like they're setting boxes to run apps, and occasionally play discs (some reviews say their discs skip, but the apps work great).  I don't need another set of apps, but at least if I like how, say, the Netflix app works on the TV vs the player, at least I have a choice.  That being said, I wish there was a Roksbox equivalent app on this TV (I haven't seen it yet) or a DLNA app, so when I get blu-ray I can just focus on getting a good disc player.