Good TV at a good price, but don't expect a whole lot out of the Media App.Overall picture quality was slightly better than other TV's in it's class in the store, but could have been attributed to the other TV's being calibrated improperly.I was slightly disappointed to find out that you could not attach a hard drive or thumb drive and watch video from it.  You can listen to music and view pictures, but video is neglected.The Media App is one of the primary reasons I bought this SmartTV over one of the other conventional HDTV's.  I was excited to hear that DLNA (and Plex) were supported by the Media App so I would not need to add yet another black box to my entertainment center.  That was in theory, in practice the Media App is very slow and prone to freezing when it finds an unsupported video (which is quite often).  Finding out which formats and codecs are supported for this TV are extremely difficult.  There is no information in the user manual, but there is 1 very lonely, difficult to find piece of information on Vizio's website (that I didn't find until after I bought the TV) that suggests that only x.264 in .avi format is supported.  The only codec/file format combinations I've found to work are Xvid and x.264 in .avi format.  .mkv and .mp4 videos will not play which is very unfortunate as the vast majority of the newer videos (including most 3D movies) around the internet are in these two formats.Trying to play 3D is similarly frustrating.  There are different types of 3D videos, but there isn't a widely used naming convention for them so just like with codec/file format, trial and error is just about the only way of finding supported content.  Finding 3D movies on the internet that fit both the 3D format, and the codec/file format constraints has so far been impossible for me.  Either the file will be unsupported, or it will be in an unsupported 3D format.  Youtube has a small handful of videos that work fairly well.Streaming HD video works and looks great.  I haven't used Netflix, but the Amazon app works well 90% of the time.  The problem isn't with the streaming, it's with the App itself.  It will freeze on random menus and the app needs to be restarted for it to work again.The WiFi on it is miserable.  I have a 802.11G access point in the room the TV is in and a 802.11N access point 2 rooms away.  I was unable to connect to the N access point with this TV, but have no problems with any other device I own so I was forced to connect to the G access point.  802.11G is sufficient for streaming HDTV over the internet, I haven't had any streaming problems with Amazon.At the end of the day, this TV would be 5 stars IF they added support for .mkv and .mp4.  Maybe if they did that, I could use the 3D function instead of it just being a novelty.