I am huge fan of 3D and after seeing demos at besy buy, decided Plasma is the best way to go to avoid the 3d-killer ghosting.I chose Panasonic over Samsung because i already own a Samsung LCD TV and wanted to try a different brand this time and also i like the Avatar kit more than the megamind kit.After i received this TV, i watched several 3D movies and my excitement of owning a 3D TV was shattered the moment i noticed dreaded ghosting in almost every movie. i tried to get some inputs from other buyers here and some Plasma fan boys lectured me about how i dont know what i am doing with the TV settings...trust me i tried all available 3D settings and couldn't eliminate the cross talk.i would like to thank Amazon for their out of the world return policies which allowed me to return this lemon. I am sure if i tried a replacement i may have succeeded in keeping it based on other 5* reviews here on this model.anyway, i was back on the market and i realized that if you are a 3D fan you got to go for the biggest screen...so was looking at Mitsubishi 82' TV till i saw a demo at frys and it was so washed out and horrible that i realized my folly of not looking at 3D projectors as they are not only fraction of cost but also are most portable unlike these behemoths. After a lot of research i bought the Optima HD66 and 3DXL and a 120 inch Favi screen...all for under 1k...1/2 the cost of 65 inch TV.For anyone wanting to go for the best 3D experience, all i can say is this is the best route. The image is HUGE beautiful and totally immersive. ABSOLUTELY ZERO cross talk with the Optoma 3D DLP Link glasses which not only were a lot more comfortable than Panasonic's but are also big and give you complete immersion, nothing short of the theater 3D experience in the privacy of your home ! You realized that this is how thing should work in the first place ! Watching some scenes in Open season and Tangled i almost jumped into the other world (people often say 3D TV's give them a window into another world but a 120 inch screens opens a "wall" through which you can walk into the other !). On the 65 inch TV the 3D effects would only stop at the TV surface...with the 120 inch screen they truly pop out of the screen. Well i am not a big fan of cheap pop out effects, but i prefer 3D for the depth it gives and the bigger screen literally opens another world for example....the roller coaster ride in Despicable Me put a big smile on my face and many butterflies in my stomach as it gives the feeling of literally sitting in that car !! (why dont they make a 3D bluray just for roller coasters ? whoever reads this and makes one...dont forget to send me some royalty please ! )Ofcourse i understand that projector is not the most convenient setup for many and they dont compare with black levels of Plasma...but the technology has evolved so much that there is no equivalent in the TV world for the size you need for 3D. While it i ideal to have a Home Theater Room to setup the projector, you can pull off a very satisfactory portable setup even in small apartments. While panasnoic give 1080p 3D on 65 inch TV compared to 720 3D of the Optoma, there is no comparison as far as cross talk and size is concerned.By no means i want to put down this brand (i own many electronics from Panasonic and i love them and hence i even purchased the TV in the first place)...but for anyone who is purely looking for the best 3D experience i urge you to consider projector route.