This is my first Plasma, I've upgraded from a Toshiba LCD which had great picture. I was very skeptical about getting a plasma due to all the myths and negative stories i heard about plasmas. I feared image burn in, buzzing tvs etc. but I couldn't help but notice when I googled "best tvs of 2010" plasmas were always on top of the most reliable web sites as the best tvs, even better than the much hyped LEDS. I bought this tv with the plan of returning it within the same day. All my doubts went out the window within the first minute. This tv is amazing, puts my old lcd to shame. Its way beyond what I expected. The picture is nothing short of amazing. It looks as though the actors are in your room performing for you, ive never seen anything like it and im an electronic junkie. The T.V. achieves depth without 3d. Its an amazing technology. The downside so far is that the tv is so vivid that you can really see the cg in movies. For example, i though avatar was amazing at making the cg look so real, on this tv Avatar looks like toy story. To fix this you have to take away colors and brightness to make the tv actually look worst in order to make it look better. Never thought i would want to downgrade settings due to the tv looking too real. The 3d is 3d..its kind of a gimmick but it works great. The main thing about the tv is the display itself. Gorgeous video. Goes way beyond my expectations, internet videos do not do it justice.As far as burn in and buzzing goes, there is no buzz what so ever, this was my major fear for buying a plasma, but no buzz at all. The tv has a buzz sound if you put your ear to it, but its the same sound as all TVs . As far as burn in goes, I've seen the faint image of my ps3 time and date show after keeping my menu screen on for an hour (testing the TV limits). The screen wipe feature cleared it up in a matter of seconds. I'm breaking in the TV now by playing a dvd with repeating colors for 100 hours.The only drawback and reason why I can't give this tv 5 stars is because the Sound is pretty bad when turned up. At regular volume, its good, just like any other tv, but turn it up and the speakers sound as if they are broke. Sound gets scratchy and distorted.The internet aspect of the tv so far seems overrated. I was very excited for new tvs with apps and now that i have apps on my tv..its like meh. If you have netflix on ps3, xbox, wii or another device, chances are your going to stick with your systems when watching it because the tvs netflix app is decent but not nearly as good as the others. Youtube is clear and automatically in hd but again..it sounds cool to have but its just...youtube. And its like youtubeXL, its more like a cellphone or ps3 youtube. Its all faster on your cpu and laptop so there really is no point to these apps. If you dont have a cpu or a laptop you may love it. I was so excited for the internet features at first but now I feel like its cool to have but I'll stick with my cpu and cell phone.Bottom line is the tv exceeds my expectations 10 fold. Changed my view of plasmas and it has a jaw dropping picture. I dont think any tv on the market can give you more bang for your buck. Im very curious how much better other tvs can possibly look. This tv already boggles my mind. Cnet.com says the two top tvs above this are samsung C8000 and the number 1 tv is the Panasonic tc-pvt20. Im sure the C8000 is possibly slightly better than the C7000 and the Panasonic is Just barely better than that, settling on a $1000 less tv with slightly less performance makes the C7000 the best tv of 2010 IMO. Get this TV!!