*******  See my latest update/edit at the bottom of this original review *******I have owned this TC-P50ST30 for a just over 2 months now. Bought from Amazon, it arrived quickly and in perfect condition and the delivery driver helped me bring it inside and helped me open it to make sure it was ok before signing for it. The TV is used for typical family content (movies, TV, & sports) from DirecTV HD-DVR and blu-ray playter, and has ~500hours on it.While the finish of the bezel is not anywhere near as elegant as my TC-P65VT30 it is more than adequate, if a bit understated. The TV is thin and looks great mounted on the wall. Again, at this price point, for a plasma with great picture quality that supports 3D... this set is a bargain, and the looks are just fine. I would have preferred a metal bezel, but there is nothing that sticks out as bad with the looks of this thing.I had no problem adjusting this TV to get a great resulting picture. I couldn't believe how great the picture quality was on this TV from day one, especially considering it came at such a great price point. With tuned in settings the colors are deep and rich but not over saturated, the blacks and shadow detail were tremendous, and the 3D looked amazing. My family and I enjoyed this TV with none of the problems that others have complained about (green "blobs", buzzing, IR/Burn-in, fluctuating brightness) for the first 450 or so hours. Then, as if someone flipped a switch... smack, here comes the fluctuating brightness. I started to notice it on several older movies, and thought that it was just because the content was older. As the days went it on it got worse and starting presenting itself on more and more content, including movies that we had watched before with no problems. At this point it is now hard to watch a movie or TV show that has any kind of quick scene change from a dark scene to a brighter scene because of these fluctuations. If they happened gradually it would be fine and would not be noticed, or if they happened immediately at the scene change it would be fine as well. As it is, when the scene changes as described above, there is a brightness shift approximately half a second afterwards.I've watched the same content on an LCD that I have in my bedroom, from the same source and do not see these fluctuations. I have also watched this same content, from the same source, on my TC-P65VT30 and do not see these fluctuations. There is clearly something wrong this set, however from reading others experiences.. Panasonic is claiming that this is normal and within spec, and is a design "feature". Really? I have a call in to Panasonic now, and am waiting to hear back. It is a shame because this TV was such a great deal and looked so great at the start, in fact it still looks great.. but it is hard to watch and enjoy it with these problems.Unfortunately if Panasonic cannot get this taken care of with a software update, this TV will be relegated to a gaming set for the kids to use with the Xbox. I'm not pleased.EDIT/UPDATE: Since posting my original review, Panasonic has come forward and really stepped up to the plate.  Engineer's took on all reports regarding the fluctuating brightness problems, worked with calibration experts in the field, and have developed a fix.  There are two options available for fixing the fluctuating brightness: #1. A Panasonic representative can come to your house and install a software fix (this is a flash to the core software on the TV) using an SD card.  #2. Panasonic can send an authorized service center to replace the A-board of the TV with a new one that already contains the updated/fixed software.  It is at Panasonic's discretion (mostly dependent to availability of Panasonic field reps).  In my case I got the software fix, but I know many others who have had the A board replacement and have seen the same results as I have.When the Panasonic rep came to my house, we watched content to show the problem, the rep then followed his procedure and flashed the firmware on both TV's.  After the software upgrades we watched the exact same content we watched just 10 minutes earlier, and the fluctuations were gone.  It has now been 4 days since the update and I have yet to see any remaining fluctuations/problems.Panasonic has stated that they are incorporating this fix into all newly produced 2011 sets starting with August builds, and will fix any TV's that have already been purchased of produced prior to that.  If you have already have a set with this problem, contact Panasonic Viera Concierge immediately and they will get you taken care of.Panasonic should be very much applauded for taking care of this problem, I am extremely pleased with not on the the TV's, but with this resolution.  This update to my original review is a reflection of such.