Bought this set about 2 months ago.  The buying experience on Amazon was very good and Eagle got it to me on time after initially "losing" the set but locating it on the truck the next day (had me worried).  The delivery guy got "lost" and he seemed to be in a hurry but that is how it is I suppose.  I am still tweaking the PQ settings and getting used to how standard def channels look and the variables associated with HD PQ.  Setting options are nice, but one can drive themselves insane trying to fine tune everything for each source.  That being said, this set offers a stunning HD picture and a tolerable to good standard def picture (as far as these HDTV's are concerned).  Blacks are black enough for me and the color this set produces is great.  I haven't viewed a 1080p source on it yet but am waiting for the price of the Toshiba XA2 HD DVD player to come down a bit to take advantage of the HDMI 1.3 with deep color and the Reon processor for upconversion.  The menu system is fairly straight-forward and easy to navigate.  As far as looks, I'd probably prefer a matte finish over the glossy.  I think the blacks would appear darker contrasted with the lighter shade of a matte black finish vs. the piano black.  But in a darkened room, it is moot.  And the glossy is aesthetically pleasing as an element in the room.  The remote is ok, but I'd like for it to have full illumination and some of the buttons I use often are tiny.OK, now I'll cut to the chase and the 2 main problems I have with the set so far.  The first is seen when viewing digital channels (mainly SD) via the QAM tuner.  I bought an a/b switch so I could split the feed and switch between the STB and the QAM which gave me several HD channels.  But the SD channels with the QAM contained what can be described as horizontal digital bands throughout the picture which distorted the edges of colors.  It is much like the macro-blocking while watching fast action on some HD feeds.  The repair shop concluded there was a problem and replaced the tuner board but it didn't fix it so maybe this is a problem with the feed from RCN and not the set.  Anyway, since I wanted to use the QAM for the extra HD channels (which were good), this wasn't that big a deal.  Just a hassle to have to switch back and forth for the best quality SD and the HD channels.  I have since upgraded with a Moto DCT3416 I DVR with the HD package.  So that takes care of that issue.  With the new STB, most SD channels look better while many of the HD channels look slightly worse (due to compression of the feed?). Good move overall to upgrade I'd have to say.The second, more annoying problem involves an intermittent horizontal cloud/mist through the center of the picture.  It is like the clouding problem on Sony and Sammy LCD's (which I have a bit of in the upper RH corner of my set) but it shows up intermittently and runs straight through the middle of the screen.  I was able to alleviate it to a large degree by adjusting the brightness level to about 40.  Any lower than that and I lose a lot of detail in darker scenes.  It still shows up somewhat however.  I am conflicted about this issue and whether this is normal for this LCD or if I should contact the repair shop about it.  Also, the clouding in the upper right hand corner I mentioned is tolerable, but is this really something I should have to live with in an $1800 set?  I've seen pictures posted in forums of the clouding in Sony Bravias, and it is present all over the screen.  Should I just be happy my panel doesn't have any stuck pixels or worse clouding?Overall, I'd say this purchase has been a wise one.  The best picture this set has to offer is nothing short of spectacular.  On the downside, tweaking the settings to get everything just right for the various sources has been a tedious and ongoing process.  Par for the course with relatively new technologies I guess.  Once I get some 1080p on it (Toshiba HD DVD player or possibly Blue Ray) and broadcast HD continues to grow and improve, I should be good to go for quite a while.I hope this review has been helpful and I hope someone can offer some advice on the issues I described (mainly the clouding).  Thank you.