This is my very first Amazon review. I feel that strongly about this purchase that I wanted to share my experience.Some background. This is an upgrade from a Sony 34" CRT HDTV. I had that set for 6 years and it had a terrific picture. I've always maintained that a good hi-def tube set still looks better than any current Flat-Panel display. I still feel that way, but it was time to upgrade to a bigger (50+), more modern set. My living room (NYC apartment) is 10 feet wide, so the viewing distance is about 9 to 9.5 feet (taking into account the couch and the fact that I'm not wall mounting the set).I had already excluded LCD due to price (at 50" and above), screen refresh rate, viewing angle, and a more "film-like" quality that I believe plasmas tend to have. I was fixated on Panasonic, as they are known for their plasma sets with excellent black levels, and I have several friends and family members who own a Panasonic plasma. I've always been impressed by the picture quality and a minimal "digital" look to their images.My first purchase was a 58" plasma, the Panasonic TC-P58S2, and I got a great deal on it (1099 + tax). After setting it up, the first problem I noticed (and the ultimate reason for returning it) was that at a viewing distance of 9 feet, it was too easy to see grain and picture noise in the display, particularly with HD cable signals. Blu-ray movies looked fantastic at any distance, but overall, I felt this set was too large. Amazon guidelines indicate that 9 feet is acceptable for a 58" set, but I feel that if you are going to get a set this large at this distance, it really needs to be top of the line (and the TC-P58S2 is a highly rated set) or you are going to notice noise in the picture. From a distance of 12 feet or more, that noise blurs away perfectly (as it should) and you see a excellent picture.I returned the set and decided that if I was going to go smaller to 50", I should get a set that is rated at the top of its class. I am happy to report that the PN50C8000 is simply the best television I've ever seen at this size. I really can't undersell the quality of the picture on this set. Everything I watch looks fantastic. HD Cable broadcasts look terrific with no discernible grain. Blu-Rays looks stunning. 3D Blu-Rays look as good as I've seen on any 3D digitally-projected theater screen. The best way I can describe the picture quality is that it's truly film-like in appearance. The colors look fantastic and properly calibrated right out of the box (mostly using "Movie" mode for all viewing). The level of detail I can see on blu-ray movies still stuns me; It's almost unreal how sharp it is. This is what buying a set of this calibur is all about.A quick note about the intangibles. The aesthetic of the set is far superior to any Panasonic. It's very thin (1.4") and it looks beautiful. The bezel is classy, stylish, and properly subtle as to not draw your eye's attention while watching the screen. The swivel base is definitely appreciated as well. I haven't used any calibration tools yet, but I'm glad this set has a plethora of tweaking options. I've turned off ALL the image processing features, which from everything I've read online, make the picture worse. Make sure to turn off the "dejudder" option in particular. I'm amazed Samsung keeps this on as a default out of the box. The 3D upscaling isn't really worth using, but true 3D blu-rays are a joy to watch.I'm sure some of you are concerned about buzz. All plasmas buzz, but I'm happy to report that the amount of buzz on this set is no more than I've heard with any other, and it's virtually inaudible at 9 feet away with normal sound levels. I was definitely worried about a buzz issue, as it's the kind of thing that would bother me if I could hear it even a little bit. In this case, the buzz is low enough that I never even think about it.The other possible concern is image retention. There is some image retention you will see after leaving a paused image on the screen for more then 15 minutes, but it quickly goes away after a few minutes of watching a moving picture.I am thrilled with this purchase. It's a beautiful set in all ways with a truly stunning, film-quality, super crisp picture. I have not had a single moment of regret about buying this model.That's about it. Feel free to ask a question in the comments section.