I wanted to replace move SONY LCD TV to our bedroom and get a TV for our family room.  After a fair amount of research I decided on an LED, primarily due to: picture quality and energy consumption.  After a fair amount of research, I realized i could get an LED TV with 3D capability.  So, I did price comparisons and read about active versus passive 3D.  I settled on passive and found this Toshiba model having all of the features I wanted, including Internet capability with wireless component included. After searching for a week on all sites, no one could beat the Amazon price which came with free shipping.  So, I ordered it and was given a 10 day shipping timeline.This coincided with the New Year holidays, but on January 2nd, I got an e-mail from them that the TV has been shipped via Pilot with the expected arrival date of 1/10. I was not familiar with Pilot so, i started reading the reviews about Pilot and discovered a lot of negative stuff on this site about Pilot. A couple of days went by and I kept watching the tracking system, the TV was en-route. On Thursday January 5th at 10:00 a.m. I received a call from someone what said he had my TV and was in the neighborhood and could deliver the TV that day. This was a company that Pilot uses in Michigan to make the delivery.  So, I called them back and asked them to deliver it after 3:00 p.m.  They transferred my call to the driver and he said ok.  He showed up at 3:15 p.m.  So, for those who are concerned about Pilot, I had no problem, just that I did not get an advanced notice of early delivery.He brought the TV in and unpacked it, but because of the cold, we decided not to turn it on at the time.  He wrote on the shipping slip, "subject to inspection" meaning I could return it.  After a couple of hours I connected the TV to our cable box and other devices and it worked just fine.This TV does exactly what is described as its features. When you install it, just take the picture setting "auto-view" and set it at "standard."  The picture quality is excellent.  Also, after a little playing around, I connected it to our wireless and was able to get into Facebook, Flicker, etc.The TV has a feature that converts regular 2D viewing to 3D and comes with 4 pairs of glasses.  The remote has a very convenient button that you push to switch between 2D and simulated 3D. All of the HDMI functions work fine as well and they communicate with my cable box, surround system and 2 DVD players.The one drawback of this TV is its audio. The speakers are weak and point downward. So, you might be a bit disappointed if you are used to high quality sound.  Make sure you set the audio setting at SAP (that is not the default setting) or use a pair of external speakers.  This TV has a ton of features, I have not discovered all of them yet.  Overall, I am satisfied with it and it certainly exceeded my expectations.