My full review at how I ended up purchasing P50VT25 model:Link to my research while purchasing HDTV during Nov 2010 timeframe can be found by googling "srkkreddy hdtv" which leads to a blogspot.com page (somehow these reviews don't let me paste an external link).Excerpt from the above post:My experiences after the purchase:Pros:1. I have had this TV for a month and have been quite happy with the TV picture quality.2. For 3D Viewing, I sometimes sit a little closer than normal as I feel the 50'' is slightly smaller size.  And I like the 3D feel/motion of the TV.3. The PC input, both through VGI cable and HDMI are pretty good... I was pleasantly surprised how good the PC's 1024*768 resolution (I guess that's the max the TV supports) translated to a 50inch screen.4. The on-screen menus for adjustments seem to be straight forward.Cons:1. I have this TV connected to home LAN (not wireless).  The quality of youtube in the built in app is not  great (unless the youtube video is of real high quality).  However the same video when played on a PC with the PC connected through VGA/HDMI looks much better.  I am considering a laptop connected next to the TV all the time through HDMI and use a wireless keyboard/mouse.  a.  [note that only Panasonic's wireless dongle works with Panasonic's products or so was I told and should cost somewhere around $70 - did not want to spend that, so moved my router closer to the TV.  Samsung TVs also need wireless dongle or wired connection.  Most LG TVs come with built-in wireless].2. The effect of 3D is only up until 12 feet or so... once you move past 12 feet from the TV, the 3D effect is lost and you have to move a little closer (~10ft or so) to the TV to re-establish the active shutter of the eyewear.3. Hoped (however did not expect) that the TV would recognize iPhone and play songs/photos from the phone, but does not... Once connected, it only charges the phone.  Not sure if other brands recognize iPhone. Maybe, Android based phones are recognized (did not try one).4. VT- series do not have 2D to 3D conversion of the 2D content (Samsung TVs have and also GT-series have).  Not a biggie, but only helps to show off your TV to friends without needing to pop-in a 3D (avatar) DVD into the player and waiting for that.  When this 2D to 3D conversions happens in the TV, I noticed in the store that the depth of field is noticed only for limited content, like on screen text, etc.5. I hoped that the start-up time of the TV is a little faster... takes about 15seconds or more to start & recognize the cable HDMI program. [don't know about other brands/models start up time]... certainly more than what I expected.6. When using a external memory stick/hard-drive over the USB connection, it looks like it only recognizes specific video formats like mpeg2, AVCHD, but not standard formats like avi, divx, mp4, etc.  However, it recognizes the generic photo formats like .jpeg, .bmp and music files (mp3).  There are ways to convert your files to mpeg2 format and then some steps to make it work for panasonic TVs [[...]].  Samsung TVs, on the other hand, work with most common formats out of the box.  I could ignore this downside because of the bundle this TV came with... the Panasonic bluRay player the TV came with (BDT100), recognizes the generic video formats and plays them through the player's USB connection.Overall, I am quite happy with the TV and the price that I paid for it ($1650 for TV: P50VT25, 3D Bundle: which included BDT100 BluRay player, 2 USB chargeable eyewear and Avatar 3D disc... got it at VideoOnly store in Portland, OR area).