Before this TV I owned a samsung PN63C8000 plasma. It was stolen. Well, I moved and was immediately in the market for another, but didn't like the ghosting issues with the PN63 and of most of the other 3d TV offerings of 2010. I decided to wait a few months for the 2011s. When I first heard of the new samsung D8000 LED I really loved the design, but checked it out in stores, read some reviews, and had some second thoughts. I really wanted to love the d8000 LED because I didn't want to worry about any burn-in issues that plasmas can potentially suffer. I never had any such issues with the PN63, but I did go through a pretty lengthy 200 hour break-in period. I decided that burn-in was pretty much a non-issue and so jumped aboard the plasma bandwagon again. I had not seen any demos of the new TVs 3d quality, so I was bit leery of buying a new one with the same issues. I figured I would just return it if that was the case. I've not yet tried all the 3D material I have on hand (movies, games), but what I have checked out has been impressive. Where is the crosstalk/ghosting that was so obvious to me on the PN63? From what I can tell so far, its pretty much gone, and what teensy-weensy bit I do see is hardly noticeable. Its really amazing how much better the 3D quality is on this TV. Maybe its the new bluetooth glasses having better sync with the TV. I'm not sure. I still have some movies and a game or two to check out in 3D, and I hate to upset owners of the previous generation, but so far it beats the previous gen by a long shot, imho. Standard 2D 1080p looks simply amazing on its own, so you wouldn't have to be a 3D fan to love this TV, but if you are I don't think there's any better 3D TV on the market right now.Update 5/12/2011: Played the new Motorstorm Apocalypse and saw ghosting that was as bad as on my previous TV. I mean bigtime obvious. This seems strange to me as I don't seem to notice ghosting on Wipeout HD. Contrast is a big factor so maybe Motorstorm just has more of this. Will have to take another look at Wipeout. So far other material does look better though, as far as ghosting, than the previous TV.Additional things that kinda bug me about having a plasma: Some video sources will not allow you to change the side bars from black to grey to prevent burn-in, e.g. Netflix, HD stations broadcasting 4:3 content, Blu-ray player video (PS3, insert your blu-ray player here). I love old movies and programming, and hate grey side bars. I'm in a dillema now about whether to get an LED. Will continue to update this review...TV was returned. I will wait for a next gen passive LED TV.