The Panasonic TC-58VT25 58" is an impressive piece of work. It was not difficult to set up out of the box and the picture in its default settings is just amazing. I recommend looking at the folks who have reviewed the smaller versions of this TV who have recommended tech specs on how to view various characteristics if you have a very particular taste in screen quality.-VieraCast: helpful but limited selection of items to access the internet and the dongle to get a wireless signal was a separate purchase (and therfore more $$). That said, once you have wireless access the Netflix image is much better than the one's I get from the Sony Blu-ray player and the Nintendo Wii. I think this is because there are fewer "jumps" from the modem to the TV when the signal goes directly to the TV. The drawback however is selection. The Netflix interface on the Panasonic only lets you see the first 25 suggested movies based on your previous interest. The blu-ray and wii allow you to search for that particular movie you were thinking of watching.-image: I can't say anything better technically compared to other reviewers but I remember being concerned when watching game shows for the first few times on this tv. There was some pixelation when the camera would swing across the stage. But after a couple of views my wife and I realized that this is connected to the spotlights on the stage. My hope is that the pixelation is a problem on all TVs.Also make sure that your image problems are not the result of the cable connection. Since we use satellite, we sometimes get choppy images etc. After comparing numerous shows and channels we're more confident that any low resolution is due to the cable/ satellite signal than the TV-interface with other devices: the interface is pretty straightforward and we have the TV hooked up to a Sony blu-ray, a Wii, and a Sony home theater sound bar w/ subwoofer. I was a little creeped out that within a day, the controllers for all Sony devices could operate the TV, and then the Panasonic remote was able to operate the home theater soon after. I like that I only need 1 remote for 2 devices but I have never had the remotes "figure out on their own" how to do this! The only drawback I have faced is the use of the blu-ray. Whenever we switch to the blu-ray, we have to reset the home theater first in order to restore sound and video to the TV from the cable. for some reason the blu-ray likes to be the dominant source for the home theater and the home theater controls the TV. But the picture quality compared to this minor hassle is totally worth it.oh and the Wii image - I recommend the advanced component cables (the 4 plug thing) for a better screen image as you play. seeing the Wii on such a big screen is a real treat. we use the Wii Fit plus and while it's not crazy on graphics, the feel of exercising with the bigger image is nice (especially the bike exercise).-the only thing we have not tried is interfacing the TV with wireless headphones. I may repost if there are issues there.-admittedly, after 3 months, I have still not tried the 3D functions (shock!)- the reviews all said that 2D on this TV is amazing, and since there is only 1 set of 3D glasses, and my budget is blown from the TV purchase I haven't had a chance to find a 3D movie to watch on the TV. Besides most of the 3D content I have seen isn't all that "3D" so my review is based on my everyday 2D viewing.great TV, no regrets!