If you don't want to read this entire review you can skip it and just do a fast google and youtube search - samsung capacitor problem and samsung capacitor class action lawsuit. These are GREAT TVs while they work but they seem to only work for a year or two..... I was about to buy numerous more Samsung TVs (for a new home) but upon learning of this issue I absolutely will not and I cannot understand why anyone else would.This review is not about this specific TV - I want to be very clear upfront. However it is about a Samsung tv I purchased in June 2008 for $2,500. At the time that was what LN52A650 was priced. Today May 12, 2011 the TV started to experience a very common problem which many (if not all) Samsung TVs are experiencing no matter what model - the unit would click on and off rapidly and there was no way to stop it but to unplug it. Last night my tv was fine and this am it would just click on and off rapidly - so the tv is totally useless.Luckily and unusually for me, I happened to have purchased a 5 year extended warranty when I purchased the unit so I wasn't too upset - I am lucky my unit will be fixed for free but if I didn't purchase that warranty (which is usually a huge waste of money) I would be stuck with a repair bill between $200 and $500 (assuming I didn't want to try and fix it myself). The good news seems to be that the issue can be repaired and if you do it yourself it will cost under $40, but you have to risk messing up your tv. For TVs that now cost $1,500 (55"-52") no one should have to worry about the unit breaking in a year or two and then having to do a self repair versus paying a few hundred dollars.The reason I am writing this review is because I was about to purchase LN46C630 to view until my unit was fixed, and in addition because I need to purchase about 4 new tvs for a recent new home. I was actually EXCITED about purchasing Samsung units - well until today at least. Since I would be purchasing TVs in the next few months I figured why stress about the repair - I could get the 46" set and use it until the repair is completed. This morning I had no idea the defect was so common and felt my TV would be out of business for a month or so - now that I know the issue is common I hope that won't be the case. Even though I absolutely love the picture quality of this TV I can in no way purchase another Samsung knowing they have this issue and it appears Samsung knows their TVs have this problem.If anyone can recommend a TV with picture quality like the Samsung I would appreciate it - I am really bummed I cannot buy Samsung anymore but why would someone want to hassle with this issue in a year or two? Especially when Samsung knows about it.