My very first review on Amazon though I have purchased dozen of products over the years.  This is the most expensive item I've purchased on Amazon and I actually have something useful to say.The Good:Amazing picture quality.  Definitely one of the best if not the best TV's available today (10/10/10) in terms of picture quality.I didn't really purchase for 3D, but watching Monsters vs Aliens in 3D on this TV was really amazing.  I was blown away on how well the 3D worked.  The 3D effect was amazing, though not perfect.  Some artifacts were noticeable, but overall better than I expected.I really like the Apps, especially Vudu.  The full quality Vudu movies are really amazing.  It's also nice to have so many choices; netflix, Amazon, Blockbuster, Vudu, Hudu Plus.  Youtube works as well, but personally I have not been able to log into my Youtube account from the TV.  I always get an error back.I really think this is a fantastic TV, for an excellent price, with all the bells and whistles, very pretty design and pretty thin.I have not had the buzzing issue that I have read so much about, but I was a bit surprised how much heat radiates forward from the TV. It's very noticeable if you walk by it, though I don't really think this is a big deal.  Unless it's in a small room (which is unlikely since it's a large TV) I can't see it heating the room up.The Bad:My biggest complaint about this TV is it's susceptibility to burn in.  I read so much about how burn in is less of an issue with Plasmas these days.  Not so for this TV.  It is amazing how quickly images will temporarily burn and how long they will stay around for.  This is my biggest complaint.The Really Bad:I purchased this TV for my family room in a house I just purchased.  I was having the family room remodeled and did not yet have HD enabled on my cable when I got this TV.  I figured I'd watch standard def on it until the TV got hung, the surround speakers went up and the room was ready.  Big mistake.  After watching solely standard def TV in a square box in the middle of the screen for 9 weeks two vertical lines burned into the set from the outline of the standard def picture box.  (Standard def does not fill the wide screen).  I was more than shocked and upset.  Nowhere in the manual does it mention anything about burn in possibilities from watching standard def shows set to the proper size, which will not fill the screen.  How was I supposed to predict this would happen?  Well I had a brand new TV with a permanent burn in.  I figured I didn't do anything wrong.  I just watched SD TV.  I called Samsung for warranty service.  Their response is that I used the TV improperly by watching SD TV on a set designed for HD TV.  Say what????  I asked them to show me where it said I can't do this in the manual.  The person I talked with was sympathetic and also agreed with me, but he said this was Samsung's policy.  I asked to speak to a manager and was transferred to a snotty gentleman who repeated that watching SD on a TV designed for HD was misuse and not covered by warranty.  I mean come on really I misused the TV by not upgrading my cable quickly enough?  What a bunch of jerks.The Really Really Good - AMAZON ROCKS!I called Amazon knowing that the 30 day Amazon warranty had expired, but I was so upset I had to tell someone.  I explained what happened and the person from Amazon 100% agreed with me and could not believe that was Samsung's response.  They waived the 30 day return policy for me, delivered a new TV and picked up the old one within 4 days.  I am a complete and 100% loyal Amazon customer now.  What great service.  On the other hand I will not be purchasing Samsung products in the future, though the TV quality is amazing.  I am now very paranoid about burn in and constantly run the anti-burn protection scrolling bars.  It's not a great feeling to always have to worry about your TV and simultaneously know how little I can depend on Samsung's warranty.Thanks again Amazon.Final Conclusion:Great TVTerrible Burn in issues.Terrible Samsung support and Warranty coverage