Amazon Warehouse Sales had this TV for a $1080.00 in "good" condition (That's about $600.00 off the regular selling price of a new set).  Not "very good", not "like new" but a mere "good" condition. They only had three of them (and now they have none left).  I usually at least go for the "very good", but this time, considering the huge savings, I took a chance and went for the "good" (and hoped for the best). It took about a week to get to my door (via Pilot). The outside condition of the big carton was scary.  The driver carried it into my house. I asked him to wait while I inspected it for any real damage like a cracked screen, etc.  He helped me open the carton and there it was, this huge TV.  I inspected it with a large flashlight, and to my sheer delight, I started realizing, this baby is brand new with plastic still covering the attached base.  No cracks, no damage, nothing!  The driver even helped me carry it to where I wanted the TV in the living room. So, this part of the review has been about me wanting to share my good fortune with the rest of Amazon customers.I've had the TV for 5 days now.  It's connected to my Pioneer 3D 7.1 receiver via high speed HDMI as the rest of my "home theater" units.  I watched regular cable, a blueray action movie, a 3D movie,and, played with the "Smart TV" internet functions (The TV updated itself through my WiFi without a hitch), and USB media function (watched a movie through the USB on a thumb drive).  The TV was delivered last Friday so I played with it all weekend.  Just use the "movie" mode, and you're done with the "settings".The verdict?  No buzzing!  No "flash pops" some reviewers complain about.  All I can say is this is one spectacular TV.I certainly got lucky with the price.  It was a real "find" at the Amazon Warehouse Sales, and a gutsy move on my part to go for it given the stated "condition".  I also feel lucky to have this gorgeous TV in my living room working like a champ without any perceivable flaws.  I hope it lasts a long time.By the way, I read all the negative reviews (and the positive ones)on this TV and, purposefully listened for any buzzing, and/or any "flashing pops" during the movie watching (in the loud or quiet moments), and, I detected no such thing.I also want to say though, the product reviews (the positive as well as the negative) on Amazon are indispensable to me.  I won't buy anything without first reading the reviews.  In fact, if it's an expensive item, I print out the reviews so I can read them more carefully before I make a purchase decision.  Come to think of it, Amazon, perhaps you can make those "reviews" more manageable (with less clutter) for printing (without having to cut and paste, and then clean out the clutter...maybe have a "print" button somewhere...).Finally, thank you Amazon.com for being the best there is.  I buy from you like I buy from Winn Dixie; without a worry in my head.