I have the pn58c6500 for two weeks now. I first had a 52" Sony LCD that crapped out on me after 2 1/2 years (no warranty). Called Sony for some sort of rebate or help and they refused and couldn't care less about my problem, now there's customer service!After the Sony death, I tried a Vizio 55" LED/LCD through Amazon. Delivery and service was exceptional. However the Vizio's PQ was outstanding, as long as you sat directly in front of the set. I called Vizio customer support and they were very helpful but could not rectify the problem. I called Amazon and they suggested that I send back the TV before the 30 day expiration window. Again, great customer service from Amazon and the trucking company.So, after two issues with LCD's, I decided to research plasmas and they seemed to fit the bill. Even my repair man for the Sony said go with the plasma and to buy a Samsung....you can't go wrong with inside info!After reading Amazon, CNET and AVSforum, I was convinced about the plasma and especially about Samsung. The only issue I kept reading about was a buzzing problem but that seemed to subside with the newer built models after Oct 2010. Since this was Dec, I figured I was in the clear. The set was a little late on delivery because I ordered it on Black Friday. However, that was the lowest price before and since that date so it was worth the extra 6 days for the delivery.First off the set is beautiful and is a worthy addition to any home. I have it mounted on the wall and it looks like a work of art. Secondly, even though I read about how light (relatively speaking) and thin it is, it still surprised me when they took it out of the box. The set is attached to a lucite/metal stand, which is sturdy and swivels so if you're placing it on a piece of furniture, there is nothing left to do but hook it up.Once I had it mounted on the wall, set up was sort-of easy. The one issue I have with Samsung is that their manual lacks proper English translation and is missing detailed directions. However, their customer support is 24/7 and THEY speak English.Once I had the HDMI and optical cable hooked up to my AV receiver, I was good to go. The Vizio is much easier to set up than the Samsung but I eventually made it through the process. I went with runnning the set for 100 hours (4 days straight) at 50% brightness and contrast in order to break it in. It was driving me crazy because the detail was exceptional but the picture was dark. My patience was soon rewarded.Behold, "On the fifth day" I set it to Movie mode with factory settings and was stunned by the color, detail and depth of the picture. The two previous sets had great PQ but nothing compares to the plasma detail on this Sammy. My wife and I sat down to watch Disney's Christmas Carol in 1080p and she, who never comments about any TV unless it sucks, mentioned twice during the movie how incredible the PQ was....now that's coming from a tough critic!I have a calibration DVD and can't wait to see what can be done to make it even better, if that's possible. But after reading AVSforum, I'm pretty sure I can tweak it to be the best it can be.My recommendation is to GET THIS TV, you will not regret it