I've had this television for about two weeks now, and I feel I have had adequate time to become acclimated with it. Let me start off by saying that I am a happy owner of a 42" Vizio LCD. The picture quality is pretty good for the price I paid, and the size was big enough for the space I used it in. Until recently, I had no problems with it, but a few months back I had to send it in to repair the inverter board. This left me without a television for a month. During this time I began looking for a new television. The most important feature to me was picture quality. From what I had seen in person and what I have been told, plasma televisions have the best picture quality available. I also wanted to get a 3D television, as I enjoy it when it's done right in theaters. Those two aspects, picture quality in both 2D and 3D led me to Panasonic. I feel I made the right choice in choosing the 50" GT30.I'll start out reviewing the look of the TV. Most people are under the impression that only LED-LCD's have a slim panel and are lightweight. Right as I opened the box I saw that this simply wasn't true. This TV is almost half as thin as my Vizio and weighs only slightly more; a given considering the size difference. The trim and packaging are both beautiful. The glossy finish is similar to many top TV's from other brands and is reminiscent of the IPhone4. On the rear, there is a plethora of inputs including a couple USB, four HDMI, as well as others that come standard on most TV's. The layout is very well done in my opinion. Included in the box are cables that join to the rear connections, allowing easier access if needed. This set also includes a swivel stand, which while nice, is something I will probably not need too much. I can, however, see it being useful to allow smoother access to some of the cables. Overall, this is one of the best looking plasmas available without paying absolute top dollar.The main reason I chose this TV over any other was because of its superb picture quality. The reviews I had seen weren't lying when they said this panel is top of the line. Black levels are deep, much more so than any LCD I have seen. The colors are bright and accurate. I've played video games, watched standard definition cable programs, streamed netflix movies, and viewed blu-rays over the past couple of weeks. Details are fine and crisper than I have ever had the pleasure of seeing. The contrast on movies such as The Dark Knight and The Matrix were a completely different experience compared to my old television set. Games had very good response time and appeared smother because of the better frames per second available compared to my Vizio.Another aspect of this TV that led me to its purchase was the 3D option. Many people are turned off by 3D. I believe this to be caused by two things. Number one: the lack of quality 3D movies. Number two: the excess of movies with poorly executed 3D. So far, I have viewed Avatar and Tron: Legacy in 3D. I have experienced very limited cross-talk and image ghosting. The loss in resolution, if there is any present, is miniscule with this television. I, personally, cannot tell the difference. The depth of field while watching these movies is just as good, if not better than when I viewed them in the theater. I have not had the chance to view any animated films in 3D, but I will post updates when I get the chance. The settings I used while watching the TV was the pre-loaded THX mode. From what I can see, THX mode is the best option, even better than any calibration settings I was able to test out.Now I would like to review my transaction with Amazon. There are a few reasons why I decided to purchase from Amazon. Most importantly, I use this site for many different things. Their customer service is second to none, and from past experiences, I am much more comfortable buying here than any other online retailer. Another deciding factor in my purchase was the financing options available. I used the 24-month no interest financing offer available by applying for the Amazon store card. I got an approval in a matter of seconds, and purchased the TV right away. So far, I have had no issues with the card. I was also very impressed with the two-week money back guarantee from Amazon. Because of a price drop, I contacted Amazon and received $100 back (credited to the store card of course). The white-glove delivery was done very professionally. The delivery guy brought the set into my home and allowed me to test it out a little and make sure everything was okay before I signed for it. 5-star delivery.Overall, I am very pleased with not only the television, but also with Amazon. Purchasing a new television is not a decision that should be taken lightly. It is an investment that will be with you for years to come. Judging by the level of quality in this TV, I am more than confident that I will be enjoying this investment for many years. The Panasonic GT30 is deserving of all the praise it has received. It is capable of more than just television, movies, and video games. It is capable of being a part of what each of us think of as "home."