The picture and sound quality on this TV is stunning and the colors are very realistic.  I'll just give a short anecdote that summarizes our experience : The other day, we were watching the movie "Babies" (from Netflix) and there was a cat meow in the movie and our cat, who normally never notices the TV, suddenly went and sat right in front of the TV and was intently watching every movement and listening for every sound for a long time.  There was more meowing and he got up on the table and walked around to the back to see where the cats were!  Okay, cats can be fooled, but it was still pretty cool.This TV has Internet "Apps" which are useful little programs for accessing the Internet -- but none can be used as a real browser and don't think "Apps" like in iPhone Apps, there's not very many (although the number has grown quite a bit since we've had the TV).  You start out with a set of Samsung Apps, and you can download more through the TV, but you can't delete them and Samsung has chosen 5 "recommended" ones that are always at the top.  One frustrating thing for me is that when you go into the apps section, if any one of my apps need updating, I am forced to download it right now even if I'm not launching the one that needs updating.  Samsung, this model doesn't scale well to large sets of apps, so let us know about updates but don't always require download it right away.  We have been using the Netflix app to watch movies and aside from some pausing and reloading, it is clear and easy to use.  Also, the Netflix app doesn't  let you add movies to your watch list -- I had to use my computer or pod touch to add movies to the list.  I should mention that in order to use Internet apps you need access to the Internet -- I use a wired network connection to my router.The TV can view photos and movies from a USB drive, but the interface is a bit clunky and limited in the file formats.  You can view JPG files but not PNG.  The movies were trickier -- it wouldn't play slideshow movies made directly from iPhoto (m4v format) -- had to convert them to something else (I used mp4 format) before they would play.Samsung offers a neat free iPhone app called "TV Remote" on iTunes that works as a remote control.  Doesn't do too much more than the regular remote, but you can use the keyboard enter any text into these apps (e.g. facebook, picasa password, etc), which is MUCH easier than using the arrow-select-arrow-select method spelling provided by the regular remote.  To use it, the TV and the iPhone or iOS device both have to be on the same local network.These points are small quirks.  We enjoy the TV and its bright, clear picture, and with the Samsung Apps, there's a hope that new features will be added as new Apps are offered.UPDATE (Jan 23, 2011):  The Netflix App was just updated with an all-new interface that now allows browsing and searching for new titles within the app.  The interface is easy to use with the Samsung remote and seems much better for streaming video without the long pauses to reload that we saw before.  I also downloaded a new version of firmware for the TV itself.  I think that's the third one I've downloaded so they seem to be updating fairly regularly.UPDATE (Jan 29, 2011):  Enough is enough!  The cat is really getting into the TV to the point of being annoying.  We watched a wildlife documentary last night (Wild China, BBC via Netflix) and the cat was very interested and jumped up on our entertainment center and blocked our view of the TV until we got him down.  He really thinks there's some animals inside this TV.  Good thing they don't make 3D glasses for cats -- then we'd *really* be in trouble!