I've had this TV for just over a week now and I'm very pleased with how it performs. Of course the picture is stunning and with not having yet used a Blu-ray player with the set I can only imagine just how stunning the pq will be once I really let it rip with a decent player. (I've viewed HD content via an HDMI equipped XBOX 360 with Zune HD media and a VGA connected laptop with itunes HD media) I will probably go with Samsung for the 3D Blu-ray player and the 3D glasses.I've been researching flat panel TVs for over 6 years and by taking in all the facts that I learned in that time I felt more than comfortable with my decision to go with Samsung. To further add credence to my opinion it should be noted that not only have I been a computer technician for the past 6 years but my first project as a technician back in '04 was upgrading the HDTV display at several locations for one of the nation's leading discount bulk retailers. I witnessed firsthand the state of the technology at a time when things were relatively new. I've paid close attention over the years to the developments and the various features that have been improved upon.My initial price point was $1000 but I found that at that level so many of the LED TVs didn't have the feature set that I wanted. I felt that if I went under a $1000 that I would be compromising either on size or features or both.The apps are decent and the Pandora app was my main reason for going with an IPTV i.e. connects to the internet. Like another commenter mentioned the apps can be a bit slow since we're used to much faster machines with our apps. The selection is decent but could be more varied. The news apps seem to suffer the most. The AP ticker app is nice but really the only decent news app. I haven't tried the GoogleMaps app but the Accuweather paid app is very nice but doesn't have as much functionality as say WeatherBug which is not available as a Samsung app. All in all I'm pleased with Samsung apps and look forward to what they have down the pipe with this exciting new way to take it 'all' in.I don't like the fact that Plasma sets produce infrared radiation. I can't comment on why that could be a bad thing; I'm just not qualified but what I can say is that an LED set does NOT produce any infrared radiation when producing an image. What I like so much about LED technology is the fact that it uses a considerably less amount of electricity than Plasmas AND traditional LCD sets. So, LCD only TVs use a sort of florescent gas technology and Plasma sets use a plasma gas...LED sets use no gases to produce the image and for my green bottom dollar I love that!I watched Star Wars Episode IV A New Hope (Special Edition) from the latest DVD that hit the market back in say '07 or '08. It was the separate DVDs that contain the original theatrical release as well as the special edition versions. So, I was stunned at the clarity and definition in this piece. It's just amazing how that film has been preserved and remastered. Get this...it looked so good that I become somewhat disappointed about the soon be released Blu-Ray versions because I find it hard to believe that the resolution could look any better. I suspect what will be improved will be the motion capture that Blu-ray affords i.e. higher refresh rates. I wondered if my XBOX 360 has upconverting because that picture was just superb.My only complaint with the TV is the integration with my PC via my network. It requires a Samsung app to be used on the PC itself to act as a sort of virtual server. The file support was average to marginal and from what it seems like one has to load any content that one wants to stream on to this 'server' app which took a long time. Perhaps I'm missing something but I think not. I power down my PC (laptop) every day and so reloading into the server just to stream and then be denied because of the week file support? They can keep it. I'll just connect a thumb drive directly to the TV.For all you Samsung phone users you can turn your smartphone into a remote for the set. Cool, but not for me.Amazing TV and I'm thrilled with my purchase! Since I don't watch commercial TV and use the TV only a few hours here and there for games and movies I expect to enjoy this unit for at least the next 10 years perhaps 15.I've pre-ordered Tron Legacy 3D due in April and by then plan on having the Samsung 3D Blu-ray player. I plan on updating this review after I've explored the 3D functions.I hope this review was helpful and I'd like to thank all those who have reviewed this TV in the past simply because it helped me to come to my decision to go with Samsung.Three cheers for Amazon and Samsung!