Since money has never been a little more than scarcity for me and I do not want to necessarily living in a compromised way, I am a die hard value buyer in every category. When it comes to time to buy our next TV, there is no difference in my online buying methods. First I 'glanced' at the specifications - i know LED is next thing up from LCD or Plasma, so LED it is; I know 1080i is better resolution than 720i, so 1080i it is; if internet streaming movies is a possible then I do not have to wait for my movie to come at the mail box, then internet application TV it is. And we already know that we want a TV that is 42" to 48" in size.Once we kind of know what we want, then we compare the customer reviews and pricing of the suitable candidates. We've looked at Sony, Panasonic, Samsung and LG, and pretty quickly we realize that the LG Infinity has all the feathers that we want, but about at least $400-$500 less than the bigger brands, and the previous more than 100 reviews do not reflect anything that is alarming. Since we have had a LG plasma for the past 7 years, so we have already trusted the brand. So we decided to give it a try.Up to today we have had the unit for more than 3 weeks now, and I am happy to say it is indeed a "value buy" that we were looking for and we are quite happy with the purchase.Picture quality - my husband's rating is 'very good' and my rating is 'good'. Since I generally have a little bit more sharper eyes than my husband because of my photography training, I can notice some tiny pixelation in National Geographic Channel when the scenes are rapidly changing, that is when you look really closely. Other than that, all the other High Def channels look very sharp and vivid. (I recommend to simply check CNN high def channel and National Geographic Channel for your High Def TV - if your CNN does not even look good to you, then all of your other high def channels will not possibly look good; and if your National Geographic Channel looks superb, then you can be assured you've got a great high def TV)Sound - as other reviewers already pointed out, you will likely to be disappointed if you intend to use the audio that is directly out of the TV set. We already expected this and we do have a AV system to go with it, so this is not a problem for us.Internet Application - this is a tricky part at first. It wasn't very clear how to connect to internet until you read the manual and figured out that a specific LG AN-WF100 Wi-Fi USB Adaptor is necessary to make it work wirelessly. Once the adaptor is ordered and used, it takes forever to find the home network and then it takes forever to set it up (it took me more than 30 minutes to figure out how to enter the WEB Key by using the remote control). When it was finally done, the downloading from Nextlix still seemed slow and from time to time it would lost the communication with the home network and we would have to start over again. Our TV is about 35 feet from the router and the wireless path includes about 3 walls, so we naturally presume that the 35 feet wireless distance is too much for wireless downloading. It is not! After we also purchased a Sony Blue Ray DVD with Wi-fi built in, I tested by using the Sony Blue Ray DVD to wireless connect the internet and downloading, boy it was a breeze! It turns out, the Sony Blue Ray DVD has no problem connecting our home network and the downloading was super fast! So the verdict is in - the LG LED unit is internet 'not so ready'! LG needs to improve a lot more on the software part to catch up with Sony!A last word about the the reflective glass panel that many customer mentioned as a problem that bothered them - it does not bother us at all! We think that the glass panel looks very very nice! It is a full piece of thick smooth glass with a black frame and thin outer transparent edge. Yes it is reflective, but the reflection is smooth and the overall look of the unit is very high end, much better than the LG Plasma we had before. The aesthetic look of the unit is a pleasant surprise for both myself and my husband!In my book, if you can save 30 - 35% to get 90% what you want, then it is a good value buy. As a matter of fact, the money we saved ($400 - $500) more than covered for our new Sony Blue Ray DVD player with Wifi build in (we paid $189 plus tax at Best Buy). So overall it is a satisfactory value buy for us!