I bought this TV on 6/18/11, as a father's day gift for ME!  Received it on 6/24.  The delivery was about a couple of hours late.  I cancelled my daughters music lessons because I cannot drive her.  Advice - even though the website gives you a choice of a 2-hr window for delivery, pencil out 4 hrs worth.After running slides for 24 hrs, I ran a few shows just to see if the set works.  The best picture was the HD broadcast of Wimbleton.  It was awesome.  After seeing other channels and media on the set for about 30 min, I started running slides again.July 4, 2011:  HD channels look great.  Too bad I only get 10 of them.  I am particularly impressed with the newscasts.  Be aware that HD channels does not always broadcast HD shows.  Some shows in HD channels still looks better in my 32" Sony CRT.  Shows that come in as 410p resolution, does not show as well, compared to my Sony CRT.It will costs me more than $50/mo to subscribe to more HD content.  I'll have to mull it over to see if it's worth that much for me.Blu-ray "Matrix" is great.  Always thought Trinity was pretty and and an a-kicker, but after seeing her in Blu-ray I realize she has a beautiful face.Blu-ray "Up" did not pop-out using the settings I used with regular films.  The kids wanted it to have vivid and bright colors.  he Vivid setting seems too saturated for my taste.  I have yet to find the settings that I like when viewing cartoons like Up.The Avatar 3D looks great, but I found the fast moving scenes hard to watch.  The main subject in the fast scenes look good, but it's hard to view the fast moving background - I had to make a conscious effort to look away.  Scenes where there are slow panning or stills, the 3D is a pleasure to view.I bought the TV and the 3D package as a deal.  But I would recommend to just get the TV and pass on the 3D package if it means having to buy it for a couple hundred dollars.  I am just not into 3D.  My kids were really enthusiastic about the 3D, but they can only use the glasses for 30 min at a time.  If you can find someone who will let you use the 3D glasses and movie for a day, do it.  It can save you a good chunk of money.Netflix looks great too, as long as the content is in HD.  It takes a minute or two to load the film, but there has been no hiccups, or buffering issues. When watching the old TV series "Twin Peaks," there were plenty of rebuffering.  This was midday (PST) on a Sunday.  Note: I have the TV hardwired to my router but my the internet maximum is 1.5 Mbps.Other random thoughts:I looked at many TVs at several stores and I've concluded that TVs that show badly in the showroom should not be eliminated from your list of possible choices. The source and the showroom environment are major factors in the picture quality (PQ).  Sometimes, show rooms just use the cable lines (RG6) to show content.  HDMI makes a difference.  My panasonic showed poorly in the showroom, but it shows great at my house.Whenever I make an major purchase, I always worry about getting a lemon.  But I did not see any of the problems others have seen with this TV.Choosing internet choices is easy.  I like that there is a parental control.  This TV is able to play the movie/video in my network server.  My Sony S470 (Blu-ray, 3D) does not play them.