I bought this TV because the price was great for the size and 3D capabilities and it's a brand I've always been drawn to since I first saw it. Thought it was going to be a steal. Sadly that's not the case, main issue being it only takes RGB cables or HDMI's, there's no support for RWY cables (which is shown in the product images) which my Dish only supports. It also takes the antenna but the quality is nothing but fuz. Apart from that I have a surround sound setup but it connects to the tv via RW cables which, once again, isn't supported, despite the product pictures again. Since I opened the box Amazon won't take it back and it's completely useless to me. Disappointed.EDIT: So I've had my TV for almost a couple months now and I gotta say I love it now. Thanks to MINDSCI, the reasons I originally was disappointed with the product have been resolved. The price for the size (42")and capabilities are pretty hard to beat.The TV has 3 HDMI ports, a component cable section, an aux out port, an ethernet, pc, optical cable port, 2 usb ports and an antennae port. The original issue was that my DISH only supported the composite cables which was shown in an image for the product, which I still don't know why it's shown, maybe it's available on a bigger screen, and I had no idea how to connect my composite cables to the component input section, which all you have to do is put the white and red cable in their appropriate sections and plug the yellow cable into the green cable and wa-la, let there be image! And I gotta say, the quality's pretty good, not the best, but still good, nothing compared to the antennae, which was once again nothing but fuzz.The second issue was that the images, once again, showed a composite audio section in which my surround sound receiver supported and the TV itself only had an aux out port but, not really thinking about it before, I had a composite to aux port converter and wa-la, let there be sound! Great sound I might add.So now that my initial issues are resolved let me actually review the TV: fantastic! The size is perfect for my room, although I'm considering a 47" now, and the quality of the tv is pretty great too. Screen is a flat matte finish, non gloss, so non glare/reflection, which is great, and the sides of the tv are pretty thick so it's a pretty bulky set, which in a way makes it seem cheaper, but that doesn't bother me much. The sound and visual settings are completely customizable which are always a must, and the tv allows you to set profiles, so every profile has different saved settings, but I don't use that much..or not at all really. The control it comes with was my favorite part at first, has a standard front side with quick links to Netflix, Amazon Prime and M-Go, which I only really use Netflix, and pressing the Vizio icon in the center brings up different launchers such as Hulu Plus, Flickr, YouTube, Pandora, etc. The only issue I'm having though is that every time I try to log into Facebook, I get an error saying my username name and password are incorrect, which I know they're not, so I don't know if there's a fix for that. Now the back of the remote has fully functional keyboard including arrows and the RGBY buttons, which is a major plus because typing using arrows alone are a HUGE hassle. Last but not least, the 3D, simply AMAZING. The best part by far and the biggest plus/reason for purchasing, it takes the passive glasses that you can get at theaters, which is fantastic because who doesn't have those lying around?So overall, VERY pleased with TV set , especially for the price once again,and I would definitively recommend to anyone looking for an affordable 3D TV.