This may seem like a strange review because while this is being typed I'm in the process of returning the television.This television was delivered via Amazon's White-Glove Service.  It arrived earlier than promised, everything to the point of turning on the television went flawlessly.  (+ points to Amazon).Immediately upon turning it on I was struck by two things.  First, the picture was absolutely stunning.  Second...there appeared to be a problem because the display showed patterns of small fluorescent green dots that clustered around changes of color.  It looked much like "poor reception snow" except it was green...and it only appeared in certain colors (lots in green backgrounds, often in flesh-tones, especially where the tones changed due to highlights, and sometimes in grays or dark colors).  This occurred no matter what the signal source was (cable, DVD, satellite) and no matter what method was used to transmit the signal (HDMI, Off-Air, Composite).I went to the manufacturer's website and went through their troubleshooting procedures...and nothing clearly matched my problem.  I looked on the internet and found evidence that this had happened to someone else and the result was Samsung sending out a repair person to fix it.  I called Samsung, explained the problem, and (voila!) I'm told the problem will require repair and they'll contact me within 48 hours to tell me when this person will come.  It was at this point things started to go downhill...when the Samsung rep suggested I could buy an "extended warranty".  I try to be reasonable about these things, though...so I figured I'd wait until they called me back to push matters.  After no callback at the 48 hour point, I called THEM back.  Some irritating young lady then explained to me that because I lived in a "no service area" they "technically" had 5 to 8 business days to find someone to repair the television.At this point, I'm being told by Samsung that 1) It's just my tough luck that I bought what I thought was a brand-new television and now I'll own what could more accurately described as a "refurbished television" 2)It's more tough luck because I live in the boonies and 3)I should give them MORE money since the tough luck mentioned above has not given me reason to believe my television may not LAST beyond the warranty period.I called Amazon to ask for help.  Amazon immediately agreed that I had a problem, my attitude wasn't unreasonable, I had tried to work it out with the manufacturer....and agreed to send me a new television and pick up the old one at the same time.I was absolutely stunned!  Thank you, Amazon.I guess the reason this is such a strange review is that I'm complaining about the manufacturer while agreeing to replace it with the same television.  Part of it is because I believe that it really was just a stroke of bad luck...the main reason is that except for this problem, I truly am very pleased with the television.I'm now especially pleased with Amazon.  They're amazing.