The TV that I bought is PS50C7700 which is the European model for PN50C8000. I originally was looking into the LCD version of this which is the UE40C7700 or 9000s. However, after discussing it with a few TV salesmen and researching on a few TV review sites, I've decided to get he PN50C8000/PL50c7700. I recently moved to the Netherlands, but I had been eyeing the Samsung 3D TVs for a while back when I was still living in Southern California. I have to say I am very satisfy with the purchase.I have read a few reviewers that prefer Panasonic plasma VT25 over the Samsung LCD 8000 series based of the performance of the 3D movies. Plasma works better with the 3D technology than the LCDs... if you tilt your head wearing the 3D glasses using the LCD TVs, the picture will get dimmer. But it doesn't do that on plasma. Even thought most reviewers are slightly more favorable toward Panasonic, unanimously the reviewers commented that Samsung TVs are far more superior in design while the picture quality of Panasonic TV may be slightly more superior.So before you buy this TV, make sure you know what a plasma TV entails: break-in period (which is around 100-200 hours I think) where you need to keep the TV in half of the brightness to prevent burn in images and during this period it is very likely the screen will retain images when you watch a lot of static images. Nevertheless, the technology for plasma tvs these days should prevent your plasma tvs from getting any burn-in images. So, don't get the burn-in images and retention images confused. Retention images will go away. Burn in doesn't... and it shouldn't be any problem anymore with the plasma technology these days. On the plus side, this TV (and plasma tvs in general) produces far more superior life-like images and is a lot faster than LCDs.As far as the buzzing noise goes, it goes with almost any TV, the brighter the screen is the more likely you hear a buzzing noise. I generally watch my TV in a dim room or with very little light, so Samsung PN50C8000 is perfect for me. My TV doesn't make a noticeable buzz noise. My PS3 makes a louder noise than my TV.The 3D works amazing on this TV. It also has the capability to turn 2D movies and make it into 3D (although it isn't nearly as good as an actual 3D movie). When I bought this TV, there was a special deal. I ended up getting 3 free pairs of 3D glasses and 4 3D movies. How To Train Your Dragon looks awesome in 3D.The USB plugs work great. I've been using USB flash drives to watch tons of my downloaded movies and tv shows. It is also very easy to update the firmware on this TV because it's connected to the internet. You can do it wirelessly with an additional wireless USB plug, but I just hooked mine up with an ethernet cable.Occasionally I can see a bit of image retention on the screen, but it goes away. And it's getting less and less visible as I have this TV longer. I'm very happy with my purchase. It may be the best thing I bought myself in 2010. Blu-ray movies look fantastic on this screen. I highly recommend watching 'The Fall' blu-ray on this TV.PROS:chic designultra slim, so it looks great on the wall or on top of a tv standclear life-like imagesgreat 3D picture quality (better than the LCD counter part)the 3D glasses are much better than the ones from other brands like panasonic and sonyExcellent black-level performanceaccurate color overallproperly handles 1080p/24 sourcesexcellent bright-room image for a plasmanumerous picture controls and tweaksgreat streaming and widget content via well-integrated Apps platformway more affordable than other 3D TVsCons:break in periodimage retention (not a big issue for me)1080p/24 mode causes a bit loss in black level performancemay not be as vibrant as LED tvs