I purchased this TV back in September (8 months ago) and must say at first I was skeptical of the picture quality.  The picture on the DVD I popped in was so-so.  I started with an older less polished DVD to see what the picture would look like.  It was Goldeneye to be exact and the pixels were jagged and blurry.  Fortunately I found the issue was that my DVD player had been set up for interlaced viewing, so I changed it to the Progressive scan setting, and the picture was much better.  Very big difference from I to P...  (if you don't know the difference between 480i and 480p etc.  you should really look into the basics of HDTV before reading reviews on expensive TVs)For the price (I got it for $1650 but now it's around 1300), I was expecting more Component inputs on the TV since HDMI is still pretty new, but as it stands You'll be able to hookup your HDMI Xbox360 or PS3 no problem and the 720p looks SOO good I have to admit it's just as high def as 1080p and it's MUCH CHEAPER.  I was also surprised that the TV didn't have a coaxial output, so I had to get an Optical cable instead.  That being said, I can't really comment on the sound from the TV speakers because I use the optical output with my Sony DG800 7.1 receiver.  So I get digital surround sound from all my equipment (DVD player, Xbox 360, and Satellite HD box).  (honestly no TV cabinet should be used for sound, the audio in that little stand is pathetic compared to the big screen so match it with a big sound system.  cmon after shelling out this kind of money at least get a $300 home theater in a box)I made the leap into HD Satellite programming and I've been very pleased.  I use dishnetwork and they carry typical local channels in HD as well as your average cable channels like ESPN but they also carry the VOOM channels which are full High Definition you can tell they're crisper than even ESPN is!  I love how beautiful the picture is in High definition it's amazing and worth the upgrade if you like watching sports and movies.An interesting note for you readers, the gentleman who helped me out with the purchase was a specialist who has been selling TVs for about 4 years, and he never pushed me towards a TV I just did my research online and went into the store, and said, "I want that one"  and while he was ringing me up I simply asked him what kind of TV he had for himself, being a connoisseur and all and no joke he confessed he had the exact same Samsung just the 32" little brother to the 40".  So if it's good enough for him, it's good enough for me.The original settings are okay, but as with any TV it'd be best for you to tweak it like I did, to your personal preference.  Skintones looked slightly orange so I messed around and all is well.  It's nice it keeps different picture settings for each source (i.e.  your DVD pic won't change when you mess with your game settings)I'm pleased with the TV on it's wonderful stand.  I'd recommend it to anybody interested in replacing a TV whether it's a bedroom set, or the family room TV.  Since the TV is perfectly viewable from very wide angles it'd do well in a large living room.