I am underwhelmed by this TV.As a TV, it's OK.  This is my first LCD TV.  There is a very long (21 sec) power-on delay.  I didn't think this would bother me, but it turned out to be quite a nuisance when I tried to program a universal remote.  For universal remote operation, be aware that switching inputs is a matter of scrolling through inputs - you can't directly go from TV input to HDMI3 e.g., you have to scroll.  This relies on the remote remembering where it last was.  It's a minor nuisance, the Logitech universal remote I got can deal with it - once I figured it all out and programmed a 21 sec delay before the remote would try to switch inputs.The problem with the TV is the wireless side.  This is why I chose this model.  It can only play mpeg1 and mpeg2 encoded movies.  Today, virtually all you download is mpeg4 encoded.  So you'd have to spend a lot of time converting, if you really want to view content downloaded from the net and residing on a PC on your home network.  Of course you can also put it on a USB drive and plug it in (I wish there were a frontside USB!) but that does not help with the format issues.  In addition, it seems to be limited to certain aspect ratios.  Even mpeg1 with a 2.35:1 (12:9, widescreen movie) aspect ratio would not play.  If I deliberately distorted the format to a narrower screen it would play - distorted, of course.  What good is that...  Perhaps the movie I tried was a poor choice because of its aspect ratio - I have no idea how common this is.  All I got was an error code.  Tech support was ludicrous, in explaining the limitations.  Seemed to me their only training was reading the manual.  Well, guess what...  I can read also...  "When it says network error it means there was a network error and it won't play".  (!!!)  I spent a most useless 1/2 hour on the phone with someone to get nowhere.  The pause/start/FF etc controls on the remote also did not work for a streamed movie.  Definite room for improvement!Navigation overall is pretty cumbersome, I thought, but one can get used to that.The remote has 4 colored buttons that do not do anything and are not programmable.  Some back and forth with web support (tried phone once - not again!) revealed that these color buttons control some functions on some other equipment - possibly only in Europe, perhaps it does something on certain (Philips?) blueray or DVD players - I stopped digging once I understood they were not programmable.  The manual, even the 'extended version' that you can download, blatantly ignores these buttons other than identifying them as 'color buttons'.  Gee, I needed a manual for *THAT*.The firmware on my TV is March 2012 - perhaps a later version has improvements.  I could well imagine that at some point they may support mpeg4 which would be a big step forward.The MediaConnect feature also is less good than it sounds.  It needs a reasonably powerful laptop.  A netbook does not suffice.  I tried from a PC but half the time the connection did not get established - I have a wireless access point 12' from the TV, signal strength is not an issue, my network is pretty fast (1G wired and N wireless) and bandwidth is not an issue.  Tried from a wired desktop - connection issues also.  And of course you can't have the desktop in a different room since you need to see what's going on.  Hard to start a movie from the desktop, dash to the living room to catch the beginning.I gave up on the network media streaming stuff.  These issues were solved by purchasing a Western Digital TV Live - superb.  It has handled anything I threw at it - encoding, file types and aspect ratio have not been a limitationAs a TV - decent overall.  As a wireless device - useless.