caveat - just moved in and have only hooked it all up and watched for about a couple hours...I literally spent about 4 months going through all the different reviews on different sites.  I knew that I wanted a 55" or plus tv.  I wanted the best HD quality I could find.I initially was going to go with the highest rated 2009 samsung but had heard a great deal about a buzzing issue (PN55860?).  It scared me off.  I then switched and decided on Panasonic.  I then found out that they have issues with not maintaining the blacks and that "graying" occurred after so many hours.  I checked that one of the list.  Next up was the LG and I nearly pulled the trigger on the LG LE8500 despite how pricey it was.  I still have no criticism of that tv, but I found this one and was able to get what I hoped would be as much or more t.v. for the price.I did not care about having 3d, but thought it would be pretty cool to have it anyway.  I bought the bundle through Amazon which included the 3d blue ray player and 3d kit.  I have not yet checked out the 3d so I am not able to comment as to the 3d technology.I have seen the picture and it is lights out incredible.  I have to say that the room it is in has a great deal of outside light and it doesnt adversely effect my viewing.  It looks great on our wall as well.  I can hear no buzzing that is emitting from the tv at all.  I may not be as acutely aware of those hard to hear sounds, but I hear nothing.I probably would be frustrated that the tv is not wireless ready out of the box (you have to buy a usb connector), but that is a non-issue since the blue ray player is wirelessly connected to the internet.  This is particularly awesome given the great things that come with (especially pandora...great for when you are working around the house and just want a playlist to go).I was also happy with the freight company that Amazon hired to have deliver the tv.  They brought it in, assembled what was needed and then ran a full check on the tv to ensure that it was working and fine.The tv is thin.  I dont know how to convey how truly thin it is.  I also like that Samsung was smart enough to make the HDMI outlets on the side and that area recessed so that I could flush mount it to the wall without the tv sticking out (which I did and purchased a peerless flush mount through Amazon as well).  I couldnt be happier with the way this worked out.This entire unit is driven by a newly purchased yamaha reciever with surround sound that has this setup sounding absolutely epic at this point.I have to say, although I just moved in and have barely had a chance to really sit down and relax to enjoy a full length player or even the 3d, I am extremely satisfied with this product.I hope this helps others like myself that have been concerned with spending this much money on a product you fully hope you will be satisfied with.  Good luck and hope your luck is as good as mine.UDPATE:  Have continued to have really good luck with this model.  I adjusted the settings and watch band of brothers in HD the other day and it was unreal.  It wasnt even bluray.  The one thing I would caution most people on is the 3d.  While it is really neat, do not think that this going to be like going to the IMAX and watching AVATAR.  It adds a great deal of depth and does give a 3D image, but it isnt as though things are popping out of the set like crazy.  If anything, it adds more depth "into" the set.  Still very cool and lets hope that the 3d market continues to flourish.  I would have bought this with or without the 3d and rarely use it.  Very solid buy.