Product was shipped and protected. The day after I placed my order I got a personal call from one of the store owners and he personally thanked me for my order and asked if I had any concerns or questions. I was very impressed and pleased and will repeat my business with him and that company.After looking for a TV for little over a year, reading comments in Amazon from regular Joes and Janes and from all the TV aficiandos and listening to my co-workers, I decided upon this TV mainly for the price and that it was a plasma.I have experiences with LED/LCDs and decided against them because of the "fake look". The new plasma's such as this Samsung is incredible. The picture is beautiful for movies on Netflix, Hulu, and Dish TV. Playing Xbox 360 such as Halo Reach, Battlefield 1943, and Call Of Duty 3 is flawless.Of course the price was unbeatable for little over $600.00 for a 51" TV and the price for the extended warranty was priced right also. I bought it the moment I saw the price. This TV replaced my 2007 57" rear-screen Hitachi which still works, but some issues prevent me from enjoying it such as the TV shutting itself off. Very strange. This does not bode well with me especially after watching a horror flick. lol.The only thing that I didn't think about was that the new TV has only an audio jack for an fiber optic cable. I have a 2001 Sony 800 watt surround-sound system so my first thought was, "there ain't no way that my Sony has a fiber optic input". Well, there was one although I had never noticed it or I didn't know what that plug was for. So I got a 12' FO here at Amazon for $10.00.If you haven't heard sound through a fiber optic, you're missing a big part of the picture. Since I've been in high school (late 70s) I have only used RCA jacks. But the fiber optic is incredible. The sound replication is about as good as it gets. The first show that I watched with this new set-up was "Cheers". Now knowing how many times I have heard this intro song to this show is no big deal to me but upon listening to the show through my surround-sound / FO cable was like listening to a brand new show. I could hear the arrangement of the song that I had never heard before and it was crystal clear and very well produced. Same goes for many shows through Dish TV and Netflix. It improves the TV watching experience.One last comment. I didn't do the 100 hour break-in. I don't see a need with this new model but the only thing that I did was turn up the brightness slightly so I could watch TV. The day I had my TV I was watching it preset controls and nothing but dark scenes which made it unenjoyable. I treat my electronics with respect so I don't see any problems with doing this and no problems have arisen. All is good.