It's really too bad when you hear all the 3d haters out there because they are missing out.  I don't get it, if some people don't/can't have something they just knock it (I guess that justifies it in their minds)?  I guess a lot of people have already bought HDTV's by the time 3DTVs came out but I was a hold out with my old Sony Trinitron tv. I was ready to upgrade to a regular HDTV.  I wasn't considering 3D, until after talking to a friend who was raving about it for gaming.  My experience with 3D prior to buying this TV was the occasional 3D movie, which was cool but not enough for me to get my own 3DTV.  But gaming in 3D?  That sounded sweet.  I decided to spend a little more to get a 3DTV and this Samsung looked better than the others at the store, the price was also nice.  They didn't have PS3 3D game demos in the stores, why?  (I think they'd sell more 3DTVs if people gotta first hand look at games in 3D).  Anyway after hooking up my PS3 with my HDMI cable to my new TV at home, and powering on the glasses I was blown away!  I couldn't believe the picture I was seeing, it was like another world inside the screen that came to life with an incredible amount of depth.  Better quality than the 3D at the movies (this tv is high quality active stereoscopic 3D, not passive, nor the gimmicky red/green glasses kind).  These games are amazing: Super Stardust HD, Motorstorm 3d Rift, Call of Duty Black Ops online multiplayer in 3D!!!  Can't put it down, and there's a lot more 3D compatible games available now and coming out in the future.  The only downside is I don't enjoy 2D games anymore that I used to really like, can't stand the lack of depth in 2D.  I only buy/play 3D games on my PS3 now.3d movies also look really good (can also play right through the regular PS3), but there's not too many available and I have no idea where u can rent them but all the Shreks that came with the TV look really cool in 3D.  Regular Blu-Rays are also stunning.HDTV channels also look awesome through this TV.  I think because it's a 3DTV it has to have really high performance so 2DHD is going to look stellar too.  This TV can convert 2D to 3D but it's kind of gimmicky, stick to the authentic 3D stuff for 3D.  Non HD channels also look good, but if you have HD option, why watch non HD?  Streaming Netflix over wifi is super smooth, great picture too, disc quality.The 3D glasses are great (SSG2100AB), the battery last for months with heavy use and they fit nicely over my eyeglasses, but they're kinda of expensive so don't sit on them accidently (luckily this TV came with 2 pairs so I gotta backup)Overall I think this is a great TV, I highly recommend it.