What a great deal this TV was.  I wanted to replace a 22inch TV hooked up to a computer with a 32inch TV to be able to watch from a little bit of a distance (I have a rather large bedroom).  My thinking was I'd either get a 32inch or replace my 42 inch in my living room with a larger TV and move that one.Well, I ended up with this TV for the bedroom.  I had certain criteria:Had to work well with a PC32 Inches or moreInternet Apps were a huge plus, especially netflix/huluHad to be affordable - TV and Stand needed to come in under $800So, I decided to look in Walmart of all places to get an idea of what is out there.  I have a Phillips 42inch as my last purchase 3 or 4 years ago.  It's worked well, but I know TV tech keeps moving along...I wasn't going to purchase a TV at Walmart, but this one kept luring me back.  It was cheaper (I paid $598) than the Vizio 42" Internet TV with no 3D (that one was $648)..  The 47" 3D was $798 and just didn't look that much bigger for a $200 difference...  Anything bigger was either out of my price range, or the ones in my price range had very limited options...So, after mulling it over for about 45 minutes, I pulled the trigger on this TV.  I'm glad I did.  As skeptical as I was of buying a 3D TV, my fears were allayed as soon as I got it home and turned it on for the first time.  A quick 2 minute setup, and I was watching 2D TV.  Just in time for the NFL Playoffs.  The 120HZ refresh rate coupled with full 1080p is great.  My other 42inch is 1080p, but only 60hz.  The difference is noticable.  The screen itself is coated (I presume for 3D and anti-glare), and it looks great in anything but the most direct sunlight.  No complaints with picture quality, especially in this price range.The Internet Apps are great.  Dissapointed there is no YouTube Widget, but what do you expect for Yahoo! branded software?  Everything else works like a charm.  Netflix, Hulu, Amazon (button doesn't work until you configure the widget with a Prime account).  WiFi was simple to setup, and I'm getting excellent speeds and range.  It's a little slow on the uptake as far as navigating sometimes, but responsive enough to not be a fault ...  Some apps are blazing, some take a little more patience.. Not sure if that's the TV or the app itself.  Absolutely love that the apps come up no matter what input is selected as there are some TV's that are really picky about where apps can be brought up.I didn't buy this TV for 3D, but of course I wanted to try it out..  I'm not a big fan of 3D movies at the theatre -- in fact I watched Avatar in 2D when it came out.  It just wasn't that big of a deal to me.  But, I do play a lot of 3D games on my PC, so wanted to try that out.  I first loaded up some 3D You tube videos, just to see if I could get it working.  After a few misfires, I got a nice flower demo with some classical music.  The 3D works great!  I was shocked at how well, and it's a passive system so that's even better.As far as the 3D gaming is concerned --  It's taken a while to get it working with my PC and GFX card, but I found a program called DDD 3D that works well.  Some tweaking of game settings, but I got Elder Scrolls: Skyrim working with it, and WOW!  3D Tech has come a long way since Jaws 3D ...  I still think it's a little gimmicky and I'm not sure if I'll switch full time to 3D viewing, but it's nice knowing I can use it when the content is available.  I will say this:  Games and Movies made for 3D vision look great --  Anything really not meant to be in 3D that was converted to 3D looks ok, but not convincing enough.If you are on the fence with this TV, I say dive right in.  The only issue I had was I did have to adjust the picture settings to really get the most of the picture - but that's true with any TV I've owned.  You can't beat the performace vs. options vs. price of this TV.