I have been looking for an HDTV for a while since the previous version of the this TV was in the market last year (the 71 series) and after searching and reading reviews on the net (here at amazon, [...] and other sites) I liked this TV so much and without hesitations I purchased it.Here are few things you need to think about when making your decision:1- When you see this TV on best buy or circuit city, you may not find it the best sometimes because of so much light and other brands around it. It makes it difficult to see what this TV is capable of.2- With Amazon price, delivery and service in general, stop shopping at your local electronics store as you're really wasting money. Amazon.com is the way to shop. I got this TV for $1619.99 and the price dropped to $1569.99 and amazon refunded my CC for the price difference. You have to know that Amazon.com policy has changed - as many other reviewers said - and they only guarantee the price you purchased for only a week later. Also, with the excellent service you get from CEVA, your purchase is taken care of and you can call them earlier to arrange and earlier delivery of your merchandise.3- I honestly thought the standard digital TV broadcasting will be ugly or blurry on this TV, but to the opposite. It was much better than my old TV and it was not disappointing at all. You definitely need an HD service to get the best of your TV.4- A lot of people gave this TV 4 stars of so because of the remote control or the glare and it really depends on how picky you're. I found the remote control to be tricky for few minutes but I got the hang of it quickly and did not find it difficult to operate though I may need to look at it to see what I should do. As far as the glare, I have had the TV for few days now and I have not seen what people are complaining about. If your window or light is behind you when you watch TV or you watch the TV from an angle, then definitely you will see light reflection. Adjust your light or watch the TV perpendicularly.7- The sound out-of-the-box for this TV is really good enough unless you have a movie theater or want your neighbors to call the police on you.6- As I mentioned above, with an HD service from your provider, you will enjoy watching anything on this TV. I got comcast HD receiver and I am connecting it to my TV via component cables (1080i signal) and I can't imagine watching this TV with SP3 or Blu ray.7- I am shooting for SP3 80GB as it is really an excellent choice for both blu-ray as well as a gaming system. I am not a gamer but looks like I will be on soon.Good luck with your purchase.