The picture quality on this unit is pretty good. Nice and bright with good contrast it looks just as good if not better than any other LCD in it's class. The unit itself is very stylish in mono-black and a gray bottom and the included stand is nicely modern. The TV also includes a cover for the hole into which the stand plugs into, which I find odd since now I have to carry around this extra piece in case one day I want to wall mount it. It should have come with the wall mounting kit.Peak power usage is 110 watts and it has "power saving modes" that should save energy but the picture will be less bright. That's ok, I usually end up running it on high energy savings since it easily overpowers my light.The dual HDMI inputs are great. I have a lot of consoles and A/V equipment usually all into the same TV and while I'm going to have to keep my composite and component switch boxes, it's nice to know that for now I'll be ok in the HDMI department. Loss of a dedicated DVI connector (one that wouldn't need an HDMI adapter) is slightly disappointing, though.Others say the audio is average at best but I find it good for my usage. You *could* get an LCD panel that fits in the same volume with a bigger screen but it would have speakers hidden along the bottom and I can't imagine those being any better. At least with the setup out of the box with speakers on the side I get good spacial surround sound. It's nice having a 5.1 sound setup, but I find in everyday usage I just don't want to be bothered turning on another device.Bad points? The remote control is horrible. I programmed a few additional devices into it and I find myself having to point pretty exactly in order to get them to work with it. I guess the IR LED on it is pretty weak. To make matters worse, the IR sensor on the TV is located in the lower right of the panel instead of a central location like the lower middle or something. Basic channel and volume and power functionality I already programmed into another remote and it works much better. The TV supports a lot of features that are useful, like putting the picture into Film Mode and Game Mode, but they don't have buttons and you HAVE to go into a menu to use them. That plus the poor communication of the remote to the TV makes it frustrating navigating menus when you're not sure if your button push is going to "count" or not. Other less useful things ARE on the remote. There are buttons I simply have never and are unlikely to ever push.Remote glut isn't new to Samsung devices, but the older ones I've seen at least had good IR blasters and receptors.The PIP feature is pretty misleading, in my opinion. You will not be able to simply cycle through all your inputs in a little window. There's a chart in the manual with sources that are "compatible" to be displayed simultaneously. I find it very poor and would rather they had left it out if it was going to be so bad.For MSRP this TV would be sub-par, but Amazon's got it for a price where it's a good deal in my book. I'd buy it again.