After hearing about this great TV from a Co-worker, I had to get one myself.  The current price at $879 here at Amazon with free shipping makes this the best TV at the this price on the market.  Sure, it's only a 720p, but it looks great to me.  This is my first HDTV, and I am very satisified.  I had to swap out my cable box for an HD box at my local cable company, but the box swap didn't cost a thing, and I got every movie channel free for a day, so it was worth it.I tried the regular coaxial cable and the S video connection, but the picture still looked the same.  I found a set of component cables that came with my new cable box and BAM!, there was the awesome picture I was expecting.  I've got an HDMI cable on the way, so the picture might get even better.  Just don't pay the $80 and up the CC/BB wants for Monster cables, Amazon is selling an HDMI cable for $1.20 at this time.The only bad thing is, this awesome TV is better than my current Sony DVD player.  Compared to my new HDTV channels, watching a DVD now looks crappy, for lack of a better word.  So... I've ordered an Oppo upconverting DVD player, that upconverts to 1080i and 720p, from Amazon, so I'm looking forward to seeing my old DVD's in new life.The factory preset "dynamic" and "store" video settings are pretty bad.  Make sure you change the operation mode from "Store" to "Home", otherwise every time you turn the TV on and off, you'll have to reset all of your video settings, since they will not be saved.  Once you go to home, all the setting will be save for each source.  After a few hours of tweaking, I finally got the picture looking awesome!  I've heard this set takes some tweaking, and they were right.  But once you know what needs adjusting, it's a piece of cake.So GOODS:Great value, best TV at this price on the marketGreat pictureSharp looking, I love the slim frame and black piano look, very clean.Very slim for a projection TV, and pretty light too!  Weighs about half as much as my old Sony 32" tubeOthers:A little bit of white light can be seen shining out from behind on the left side (looking at the set).  Can really only be seen if the room is completely dark and could be concealed with a little ingenuity.Sound is not all the great, but I already have a Harmon Kardon/Infinity subs, etc, so I have never used any of my TV's speakers anyway.  You will want some kind of sound system to get the full effect.Only 720p, but too be honest, this thing looks great and such a huge jump in quality from my old "tube", I don't even care.  And I haven't hooked it up with an HDMI cable so the picture and sound quality may get even better.The last other, vertically the picture looks a little different.  This TV needs to be viewed straight on.  In other words, it looks just a little different if you're laying on the couch or sitting straight up, almost like there is a little line or shadowing.  If you put the TV at eye level, it looks great, but if you're laying on the floor (for some reason) or standing up, the top or bottom of the screen make a little darker.  This is very minor, and really only noticable when your standing up or sitting down.  Once I get settled if I'm laying on the couch, I don't notice it at all, so this is no big deal.  But if someone mounts this real high on a shelf so the screen is perfectly vertical, they will have some shadow banding problems.  Once again, put it at the eye level you plan on watching it at, and it's perfect.Hope this helps someone, someday.  I love this TV!