When you spend $1500 on a piece of technology you have certain assumptions and expectations about it.  You do your research the best you can and hope that your purchase will be everything you hoped it would be.  Occasionally, you are thrown for a loop and presented with some challenges that you didn't anticipate.  That's what happened to me when I picked up this excellent TV.  My old Sony LCD did not have HDMI ports, so I was relegated to the spaghetti bowl of component hookups to achieve high definition.  I just had to have a TV with HDMI, so when I was finally in the market I knew it would have to be at least 46", LCD or something comparable, full 1080p, and have plenty of HDMI ports on it.  With the exception of one small issue, this TV is everything I wanted.I must say that the Samsung UN46C6500 LED TV is astonishing to look at.  The colors are rich and saturated, black levels are the blackest I've ever seen, and the images are crisp and clear.  The screen is a glossy finish, so it does reflect any light you might have in the room, but it's not overly distracting.  The panel itself is super thin, only about one inch thick.  The stand is very sturdy.  Touch sensitive buttons line the lower right hand corner of the panel (kind of hard to see, but they're responsive).  The bezel has a brushed matte charcoal grey strip covering a transparent acrylic (very elegant).The one problem I have with this TV is not listed anywhere except inside the manual.  I didn't see any other documentation or warnings about this, so I was a little disappointed when I encountered it.  This TV is not compatible with HDMI versions older than 1.3.  My old Onkyo receiver (TX-SR604) came with HDMI 1.1, so the TV would not display images through it.  I had always thought that HDMI was backwards compatible.  It's not on this TV, and the manual clearly says that if you have any components with HDMI versions older than 1.3 you may have issues with sound and video.  Beware.Because I was so disappointed that I would not be able to use HDMI through my receiver, I decided to upgrade to the Denon AVR-791 (which supports HDMI 1.4 and is 3D ready).  Even though I'm another $500 poorer, I'm an extremely happy camper.  Watching Avatar on blu-ray with this setup is truly amazing.  The TV performs wonderfully and is otherwise exactly what I was wanting.  I have not ventured into the internet TV features, but that's on the horizon.  Unfortunately, the TV is not wifi compatible (unless you buy a USB adapter), so you'll need to use an ethernet cable (I actually knew this before buying).Samsung makes incredible LCD and LED TV's.  I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a high definition viewing experience.  Hopefully, my review will educate and warn those with older components.  HDMI is the way to go, but you can always fall back on component cables if you have to.  That just wasn't an option for me.  When all is said and done, I don't regret my purchase at all.  The end result was well worth the journey.