My father took me to see Thor 3d and when i got home this TV was sitting on my desk all installed. The tv has a better 3d effect than the movie did!32" is huge for a bedroom, you don't want to go any larger because the image quality will start to degrade. 32" is when 1080p really starts to make a noticeable difference from across the room.Pros:Best sounds I've ever heard from a tv.volume actually makes a difference with every single tick mark, you don't need to scroll through 20 ticks before it gets louder like some tv's. The audio is rich and full, much better than any hdtv i'v had, including smaller vizio models without the "sound bar." The sound is balanced, and not tinny at all.The picture is great, I recommend going online with the tv (i used my ps3) and finding a monitor calibration tool. It helps achieve a perfect balance of contrast, black level and color level. It also helps set the sharpness which has always been a tv setting that is hard to set on the fly.2d images are crisp with no artifacts of the 3d polarization, even though the image is clearly always polarized, put the glasses on and  get really close to the screen, you'll notice the lines even on standard tv.3d is great. You only get 1/2 resolution, but you truly don't notice any reduction as far as textures go. The only real downside is on sub pixel lines. If a line, most noticeable a black line, is only 1 pixel wide and completely horizontal, only one eye can see it. An example is the white lines on the ps3 controller menu. the lines almost seem to glow as you see them with one eye, and not the other. There is minor ghosting, but i've never seen a form of 3d that doesn't suffer from that. it happens in the theater, it happens on active and passive and even on the 3ds. For some reason you can see a very feint duplicate image offset to the left or right. that's ghosting. it's most noticeable  in areas of super high contrast, like a white object on black.  It's not a con of the tv, just a negative effect of 3d in general. I only notice it on the powerups in super stardust HD and in the rafters of a stadium in mlb 2011.They recommend 6 feet from the screen, I agree, the image is definitely best at that distance when using 3d. at 5-6 feet you can't see any 'blinds" effect from the passive 3d.The apps are of no use to me, but a cool addition.Cons:Boot-up time is slow, but it's a TV not an epi pen. I think you can survive 10 of fifteen seconds because you get to watch 3D AT HOME!!!The tv has a slightly slow response time. Not like the psp, which you may recall has an image blurring effect during motion. Instead when something vibrant moves you might notice a slight shadow of the opposite color. You can't see it on films, sometimes i notice it watching the Simpsons if i really look for it. Also if you are playing assassins creed and you rotate the camera you can sometimes notice this effect at the very edge of a building. No ones noticed it but me..so maybe it's just my eyes!The remote control receiver doesn't work so well with the plastic over it. I keep the plastic on the tv as long as possible cause its glossy and will get super dusty.Overall it's better than theater quality 3d, in your home, for 500 and i think it's a must buy.later this year, SONY will release a PlayStation branded 3d tv. It's 24 inches. requires 70 dollar glasses but allows you to play local co-op without split screen.Two players each see a full screen image by wearing the 3d glasses.Sony's new tv will come with an HDMI, one pair glasses, and a free game, resistance 3 i believe. it's going to cost 500. If size isn't a big deal for you, and you can afford the extra pair of glasses, id wait for that deal.If you want a bigger screen and glasses that are basically free,  this tv is the one to get.