My wife and I absolutely love this TV.  We went to another retailer to buy a TV, and I had a list of specs I wanted.  I wanted a 1080p, 120Hz, LCD or LED TV that was over 40".  That's it.  This TV was not only the best value with those specs in mind, it also was 3D, has internet apps and wifi, and is from a great brand!  I absolutely could not have asked for more, especially for the price.Initial impressions - The TV and accessories were very well packaged.  The TV looks incredible.  The remote is so cool - it's got a QWERTY keyboard on the back!  It comes with 2 pairs of 3D glasses - one premium and one regular - both work well and are comfortable.  If I had the choice I'd buy the regular glasses, frankly.  It also comes with a high quality cleaning cloth and some really good instructions, if you're not like me and too proud to read them.  I wish this TV had the glowing orange bar in the center of the speaker like other Vizio's.  I guess they felt it took away from the viewing experience, which I guess it could.  This TV relies on picture quality to impress rather than fancy lights anyway.Setup - Installation was a breeze.  The stand was easy to put on, and the rest of setup was cake.  There are plenty of inputs/outputs for this TV.  I particularly like the optical audio out for a flawless connection to my audio system.Menus/Interface - The menus on this TV are incredible.  Absolutely the best menu system I've ever used on any electronic item.  They are intuitively laid out, with high quality, smooth graphics and text.  It really makes the TV feel like a high end item.  You can tweak all kinds of settings - it has a full five band equalizer for the audio, you can rename inputs to coherent names instead of remembering which input is which, etc.  It is just filled with genius little touches.  For example, when you mute many other TV's, and then press volume down, it turns the sound back on and then proceeds to lower the volume from it's starting point.  This TV lowers the volume, but keeps it muted.  So if you mute the TV and need the volume to resume at a lower level than before, it can be done.Apps - Unfortunately this TV uses Yahoo's Connected TV apps, which are scarce.  It has the staples, like Pandora, Netflix, Hulu Plus (which curiously you can't use without registering/paying), Amazon videos, etc.  It doesn't have a web browser or a YouTube app (although it does have a "web videos" app with which I don't have much experience).  The interface for the apps is great, so my blame falls squarely on Yahoo.  The apps seem somewhat neglected.  The Facebook app is difficult to use and not intuitive at all.  The Pandora app plays music after you close it and demands to occupy the screen while its playing.  The TuneIn Radio app has trouble connecting to a lot of the stations it lists.  Long story short, the internet apps are a great concept, but I'm hoping a few of them will be receiving updates soon.  Either way, this wasn't a primary reason I bought this TV, so it's not of the utmost concern.  And still, it's pretty cool to be able to listen to Pandora or check my Facebook from my TV.Sound - The speakers are good for a TV, but they're still very weak.  They sound comparable to an inexpensive soundbar without a subwoofer.  As I said before, the TV has a five band equalizer, so one can adjust the settings to his heart's content, which is very important to me as a tech junkie.  But still, if you're going to use it for anything other than watching the Weather Channel, do yourself a favor and invest in an audio system if you don't already have one.  It's silly to watch a movie on such a jawdropping TV with weak sound.Picture - The picture is perfect for this TV.  Absolutely perfect.  As other reviewers have said, it's almost unreal looking.  Sitcoms look like you're looking through a window in the studio audience.  Seriously, it's that good.  The 120Hz irons out motion blur in sports.  I just wish my cable provider could give us content that would actually take advantage of the specs.  Blurays are unbelievable.  Video games are sublime.  The picture requires very little tweaking out of the box to make it look its best.  I am completely and utterly satisfied with the picture of this TV, and that is BY FAR the most important aspect.3D - The passive 3D on this TV is great.  It works, and it works well.  Playstation games and movies look very, VERY smooth, without the typical "flickery" nature of other 3D screens I've seen.  In fact, this is the first 3D TV I've viewed that doesn't give me a headache.  I'm usually the guy pulling off the glasses in the Imax theater.  Speaking of glasses, the fact that this TV is passive 3D is great.  The glasses are light, comfortable, and relatively cheap.  I bought two more (in addition to the two that came with it) a few weeks into owning it, and the beauty of these TV's is that to my knowledge, any passive 3d glasses will work with it.  They're not proprietary.  I got a good deal on a set of 2 pairs of LG glasses, and they work great with the Vizio TV.  Now everybody can watch me play Gran Turismo in 3D!  Not that they would want to, but they could...Overall, I'm thrilled with this TV.  It's got some minor hiccups with the apps, but other than that, it is flawless.  It's THAT good.