I'm probably among some of the last of the "Luddites" in that I haven't changed out TV's since the early 1990's.  Finally my old Tube TV, an ever faithful Zenith, bit the dust.  But even though I've been a hold-out that doesn't mean I haven't kept up with the technology.  I'd like to think I have.  I've reviewed the LCD's, the back-lit LED's and the Plasmas.  From a strictly consumer standpoint, despite all their high-points, I came down in favor of Plasma's over LCD types.  Why?  In a nutshell viewing angle.  It really came down to this.  The simple fact that off angle viewing is lousy with the LCD types made me balk.So having decided on the Plasma's I then proceeded to winnow it down from there.  I have to say that the Panny's (Panasonics) had me sold.  Indeed I almost bit down until I started reading about black levels receding (the V series was my focus) after X number of hours (you reading this Panasonic?).  And apparently they're pulling a Toyota in trying to play it down and/or ignore consumer concerns about it. (You reading this Panasonic?)  They lost a sale because of it.But even though Panny lost me I wasn't completely sold on Samsung.  Screen and border too shiny (I know, I know....not the most technical of reviews but my reaction is what it is)....and then there was that persistent buzzing "thang" claimed by some consumers.  That was more worrisome.  However, one night a couple of weeks ago I was walking thru a store and chanced upon the new 2010 Samsung C-series line.  In a word; Nice.  Great eye-candy.  A bit of research swayed me.  I chose the PN58C7000.I then came to Amazon because the price points were the best.  And, to be frank, no state tax.  Heh!  Anyway the TV arrived and it was beeaauuuutifullllll.  And the screen was cracked.  :P!  The shipping company took it right back; I called Amazon and 1 week later number 2 arrived.  This time it was perfect.  At the time of this writing this was last Wednesday.  I've only begun to play with it but so far I've got to say I've got no complaints.  The picture is perfect; I've linked it to a PS3 game/blue-ray station and also tied it wirelessly to my LAN for internet linkage.  The view, if such can be deemed the proper term for watching a TV, can be almost staggering.  Advice...watch Blue-ray Coraline on it.Anyway, I'm playing with the settings and widgets now, and haven't yet formed an in-depth opinion.....I will come back and add my details as I get use to the new toy.  I will say this.  I cannot pry my almost 6 year old Godson away from it.  I linked his Wii to it along with my PS3 and the kid has basically fallen in love.....from his point of view the screen is like looking at a marvelous picture window with full-sized Wii games wonderfully disorienting in their visibility and play.  It's a laugh watching him almost fall into the TV while playing....he is indeed part of a video generation.More later....John~