Before I give my review, I have to comment on the other reviews for this model.  There is a LOT said about audio issues, but the sound on this is remarkably clear and gets plenty loud.  I did turn the TRUSurround off but left everything else alone.  I don't like "simulated" surround sound, because if I want a home theater I'll buy a home theater system that's designed for that purpose.  I saw one review that said "no sound on HDMI connection".  That doesn't automatically mean the TV is bad and I'd recommend trying another HDMI cable if you have that issue.  I've seen picky TV's before and knowing that you can get an HDMI cable anywhere between 20 - 60 dollars and even less than 10 dollars, it's obvious that some may not be as good as others.  If there are issues with sound or picture (other than a dead pixel which obviously means it is a bad unit), you can mess with sound and picture settings to tune it to your preferences.  Not every TV will come ready to use out of the box with settings that EVERYONE will like.It has 4 HDMI connections, 1 Component video connection, 1 VGA and coax (cable/antenna).If there is ONE thing I wish this unit had, it is at least one set of audio/video inputs.Most gaming systems use the red/white/yellow A/V connection and none can be connected to this TV.  However, this is the era of HD devices so this TV is just keeping up with the latest trends and is perfect for use with an HD box and a Blu-Ray player and maybe a laptop with an HDMI connection.  Every brand has a bad unit now and then, but I don't think this is is a bad model, so for anyone who has issues with theirs, play with the settings and you'll be pleased.  Of course, as I said before, if you have a dead pixel just return it.***ADDED FEB 14TH***After increased use, we noticed that the picture seemed dull and dark, even after making several adjustments and even trying the "Vivid" picture mode that is used in stores.  I ended up exchanging this for the Panasonic TC-32LX24 at Costco, which has one less HDMI connection, but two a/v inputs and a component video input, as well as an SD input for picture viewing.  I spoke with someone at Costco who says that I probably just got a bad unit, possibly one with outdated firmware.  I noticed that the display model in the store looked great and far brighter and more vivid than the one I had returned, which is what led me to buy it in the first place.I chose to switch to Panasonic for a better variety of inputs and a better track record, and the price had been reduced so it was $20 less than what we paid for the Vizio.  Our other TV is a 42" Panasonic plasma that is nearly 6 years old that still looks AMAZING and it's only 480P (enhanced definition) since we bought it when HD was still pretty new and a full HD model was $1000 more.