I must preface this review by telling you that I am a professional lighting and video content designer, so my light and color sensitivity is pretty accute. I am very picky when it comes to white balance, contrast, and color accuracy. I purchased this television to review high definition video and lighting design, so the video rendition must be extremely accurate. I received my PN64D7000 yesterday and watched it most of the day and evening.  It is by far the best television I have ever owned. Deep rich blacks and a very smooth, natural color balance. The contrast is just amazing!  I have a Sony LCD upstairs in my bedroom and there is absolutely no comparison between the plasma and the LCD.The two guys from the local delivery company carried the huge box into my living room and unwrapped it. They plugged it in to make sure it worked.  I asked them if they could assist me in lifting it up and placing it on its base, but they said that they were forbidden to assist in that way. Being an older gentleman there is absolutely no way I could have done this myself. After a little bit of negotiating they were willing to help out.  It took only about 5 minutes to set it up, but this is definitely a two person job.There is absolutely no buzz, or any sound at all emitting from the Samsung, and no sign of peeling either.  I will closely monitor this as time goes on, but I am hoping that they have solved this issue.The picture looked very good without any tweaking, but I went ahead and dialed in the CNET calibration levels anyway. I must say that the CNET calibration leaves the TV with a slightly green hue, and a warm white balance. I actually prefer the factory, daylight  settings.The only negative comment I could make at this time has to do with the dynamic level control which adjusts the television to the ambient light. It seems to over- adjust, making the screen a little too dim in a dark room. I wish there was a sensitivity control for this,  as the plasma is extremely bright at night. What I did last night was raise the power saving control to medium to darken the screen. There must be an easier way to do this that I have not yet discovered.Speaking of screen brightness, the TV is located in a very bright room with windows on the side and in the rear. The screen is bright enough to compensate for this, plus the real black filter helps keep reflections to a minimum,  I was concerned about this as I heard that plasmas were darker than LCDs. But this set is certainly bright enough to compensate.I briefly tried out the 3d (bought glasses at BrandsMart for $29) and was left unimpressed. But none of the 3d sets really impressed me. More of a gimmick, if you ask me. Call me when the image is a hologram interacting with me in my living room. Funny thing was when my wife came home and asked me if the 3D was on... The picture was so clear that it already looked 3D to her! When something impresses my wife, well, you know that the quality is high.I highly recommend this television. For $2000 it's impossible to beat!