I hesitate calling this a 'dumb' tv, but that seems to be the option given the moniker Smart TV that is applied to so many higher end products these days.Maybe the LN46D630 isn't as much dumb as it is ignorant.  Which isn't a bad thing. Indeed, that's why I bought it.  More on that in a bit.Before I get to saying what I like about it, let me respond to some of the negative comments I've read.  I can't answer for their experiences, but I can share my own.  The picture quality is quite good.  I don't have any issues with light leaking or other problems. It is a very consistent image that allows for a great variety of adjustments.  If you look in the discussion under the 40 inch version of this model, you can find some added pointers about adjustment.  I also got the Disney WOW! dvd which helps for much more precise adjustment.Some others have noted problems with shipping.  I had no problems at all. Amazon shipped this tv through Pilot Shipping, with a scheduled appointment set when I purchased this.  Very professional service.  It did take a bit longer than my usual prime shipping, but everything was handled quite well and everything arrived in perfect condition. Two men carried the television into my living room. They didn't set it up, but I didn't want them to anyhow.When I did set it up, everything turned on quick and easy.  The size means that unless you're big and strong you might want help setting it up, as it is a bit awkward to maneuver to attach the base.I bought this model because I was wanting a television that allowed for good multimedia connections but was not loaded down with a lot of extraneous features I wouldn't want or need.  I don't need a television with its own browser or apps.  I have it hooked up to a pc, which gives it all those functions.  Indeed, with so many game systems, blu-ray players, etc. with their own ways of connecting to media sites, paying a lot more for a television that does the same seemed plain silly.  The newest models offer 3D, but that's much more of a gimmick than something I really wanted. The technology isn't advanced enough to use it without thinking about it, and when I'm watching a show or movie, I want to think about what I'm watching, not how.So, this 'ignorant' television allows me to connect whatever I want, and have a great image when I do.  I have an over the air antenna connected to it as well as a PC, playstation, and dvd player.  The reception is good with the antenna, and living near Los Angeles gives me about 70+ channels to choose from (though a large percentage of those are in languages I don't understand).  I connected my PC to the TV with a HDMI cable, and that provides both high quality image and sound.  It's like having a much larger monitor with all the same functions, but I almost exclusively use it for multimedia.The sound is good, but not great.  We live in an apartment now, though, which means that great sound would bother the neighbors.  We can have a fan on, and still keep the volume about 15 (out of 100), which means the speakers work sufficiently and are indeed better than the model we had before.The image quality is superb.  Deep blacks and bright whites.  There does tend to be a bit more shadow in these Samsungs, so you have to think about whether you want deeper blacks or more washed out images that show more detail. I've yet to be bothered by it, myself, so it is far from being a major issue.  Color is great, and the extensive adjustments that are possible make it very personalized to your own preferences.Each of these preferences have to be adjusted for each source, however, which makes for a bit more work. I wish they had a universal setting to adjust every input the same.But that's a minor issue among many other very great attributes. I wanted a TV that functioned more as a screen for my other media products, not a TV that replicated all those other functions. I wanted a TV with high quality picture, a lot of inputs for both new and older components, and that would allow me to customize what I needed without having to pay for a lot of stuff I didn't need.This has fulfilled and exceeded in parts my expectations.