OK, first let me just get the ecology-friendly "green" crap out of the way, which we probably do not care much about anyway since we just wanna watch the game/movie/show.  The new Vizio eco-lines consume roughly 85 watts while running (.33 in standby), which is somewhat less than its predecessors.  This will marginally, if at all, effect your electric bill (the switch over from plasma to LCD will save you enough as is), but you can sleep better at night knowing your new green television will save the rainforest for .000000000001 more seconds - that should give the animals plenty of time to duck and cover when the bulldozers come in.OK, that crap aside, the new Vizio Eco-Line is a considerable improvement over previous models, which were specifically designed for economy and not so much performance.  Vizio has done the unthinkable and focused on performance all the while lowering the costs to just about nothing allowing us mere mortals the opportunity (finally!) to purchase a strong 32 screen at a price we can afford.  Now keep in mind that the standard resolution on the Vizios is still 720p and not 1080p (see Vizio's Java Series if you want a 32-inch in 1080p)) so it's not true-high definition.  The product description states 1080i, but remember that it is only a simulated up-conversion (hence the "i" for interlaced) so it's not all that important.  Besides, most human eyes cannot differentiate 1080p in 37-inch screens on down anyway since the resolution is too highly compacted on smaller screens.Now, the Eco-Line sports a considerably higher contrast ratio (15,000 dynamic) compared to the older models capping out around 2,000.  Now, I know contrast ratio is arbitrary to the corporation making the screen, however, they do remain consistent within said companies so a switch from 2,000-15,000 is a quantum leap in quality.  The differences between darks and brights is a lot more apparent, giving the picture more differentiation between the colors and presenting a more accurate picture for audiences.  The hertz is still 60 Hz over the more popularized 120 Hz, but again, it's a 32' and not a 47' or a 55'.Now, the 32 Eco-Line Vizio does sport the usual refinements of its predecessors.  My personal favorite is how it kept the scratch and impact-resistant screen cover.  It can withstand anything short of a direct hit (and no, that is NOT a challenge) from babies throwing small objects to light impact from moving it around.  This feature makes the Vizio line a favorite among families with little ones in the house.Vizio also still retains the bragging right of being one of the (VERY) few television makes still making them in the US.  Granted the parts are made in China, but the final products are assembled and finished hear.  Sony, Samsung, and Philips still make theirs in Mexico while everyone else pays tribute to the communists.All in all, the new Vizios have received very positive feedback from the customers I've spoken with whether it was their picture quality, durability and longevity, or the darn fine price.  Vizio has leaped over Sony and Samsung in sales as well as achieved the best-buy title from Consumer Report for several years running and is expected to do so if they keep this trend up.A great buy!