The Samsung LN46A650A is an incredible TV and a marvel of modern technology.First and foremost the picture processing power of this television is astounding. This set includes a 50,000:1 contrast ratio as well as a blazing fast 4ms response time. Equally as important is Samsung's "Auto Motion Plus" 120hz technology which adds frames to images and eliminates motion blur in film and television. This TV is great for the fast moving action that appears on television, video games, and movies. The LN40A650A also has 1080p/24 support which, when combined with a compatible blu-ray player, brings video imagery one step closer to recreating the original photography of film. All of these processing features combined give the LN40A650A incredible clarity and detail when compared to other LCDs and it truly has to be seen to be believed.The TV offers a plethora of inputs including 3 HDMI, 2 component, VGA, and even standard composite to satisfy all sorts of connection needs. Additional features include a unique "InfoLink" feature which allows the TV to grab stock quotes, weather, sports scores, and news updates from the internet when connected to a home network through the included Ethernet port. Also of note, is the "WiseLink" feature which allows direct view of images and play of music when a USB ThumbDrive is connected to the included USB port.The appearance of the bezel even received attention with a beautiful piano black finish that includes a hint of amber color altogether making for a great accent to home decor and giving the TV an original artistic style.The TV includes a built in tuner which for my particular location picked up all local over-the-air HDTV broadcasts without a hitch. The TV also features a "signal strength" meter that helps a ton when positioning your antenna.Finally, the adjustments and calibrations that this set offers are astonishing. Each input can be separately calibrated with the standard brightness, contrast, sharpness, and color options but Samsung took this one step further and offered additional options such as HDMI black level, DNIe, Auto Motion Plus, and many more, all of which can be tweaked to your particular viewing preferences for all of your connected components.There are three minor quirks with the LN46A650A that are worth mentioning. First is that the rotating directional control on the remote takes a little getting used to but isn't necessary for proper operation. Second is that early sets were prone to a "shut-off" issue where the television would randomly turn off. Thankfully this particular issue was immediately addressed by Samsung via a very simple firmware update from Samsung's website and it is no longer an issue. Third is that the piano black bezel does like to collect dust. If this is of concern, Samsung does include a microfiber cloth in the box which can be used to wipe down the bezel.All in all the Samsung LN46A650A is a high performing top-tier LCD TV; currently one of the best on the market in its price range. The performance and features of this set are sure to please and amaze, setting this television apart from others where it matters most.I highly recommend the LN46A650A as it truly is an incredible TV and a marvel of modern technology.