I already have a Sharp Aquos 46" and a Panasonic 42" Plasma--both 2 years old--and I love them both.  I bought the Panasonic Viera 42" X1 about two weeks ago for $[...], and you can now get it for $[...] at a couple of places (like one of the other reviewers, I was able to use the [...]). The new X1 is definitely better than either of the other TVs I own in terms of black levels, lack of blurring, and power consumption.  Connectivity is excellent, with 3 HDMI inputs.  The SD card slots are nice, too, although I consider the SD card stuff to be a fringe benefit and not a core reason to buy this set. I had read a couple of expert reviews stating that it's not possible to tell the difference between 720p and 1080p on sets less than 46", and my own experience bears this out.  Since I look at high resolution images for a living, I am probably as picky as you can get about image quality and resolution.  For me, the Panasonic X1 is definitely the best 720p unit out there, and you don't need to waste money on a 1080p unit that is only 42" or less.  I spent many weeks comparing picture quality side-by side on Panasonic, Samsung, Vizio, Sharp, and Toshiba, among others, at several different stores and in every case the Panasonic was clearly superior.The picture quality right out of the box is excellent, but I used the settings described elsewhere in these reviews and in on-line columns and the picture is even better.  It took less than 5 minutes to do this because the Panasonic menu is clear and intuitive to follow.  Picture quality on non-HD channels is also excellent.Sound quality is noticeably better than on any of the other brands in the same price range, though if you're going to connect it to a surround-sound system this feature won't make a difference to you.  The hum mentioned in a previous review is clearly a one-off thing, and probably due to non-TV electrical interference issues in the reviewer's apartment.I love the richness of colors on an LCD set, but when you are watching fast-action stuff like sports, the 600Hz X1 is far less blurry than any LCD TV within $[..]of this set--just look at a baseball or hockey game and try watching the ball or puck on an LCD (even the new 240Hz ones) vs. the Panasonic X1 plasma and you'll see what I mean.  Glare, even in daylight in a room with lots of windows, is minimal although I would give the edge to my Sharp Aquos LCD in this regard.If there is a drawback to the Panasonic X1 it is the lack of PC connectivity, but with a cable and adaptor available from most good electronics stores (like You-Do-It Electronics in my area) you can overcome this issue as well.  Another potential drawback is that the response time is rated at 8ms, which some gamers would find slower than ideal, but since I don't use the TV for games I could care less.  Again, to find a set with a 4ms response time requires spending a lot more $$.I agree with other reviews that the remote is relatively basic and could use a backlight, but this is par for the course in TVs in this price range, and I found the response time of the remote was excellent (ie, pressing a button resulted in an immediate effect with no lag).  Since like most people I use my cable remote to handle everything, the TV remote just sits near the set unused once I set the TV up and adjusted the picture settings.For me, this is by far the best value in a 42" HDTV.