I"ve been doing research for over a year now and have compared all the brands out there and I feel that Samsung is the clear winner hands down. First off, the design is very sleek and cool. Its brushed chrome with clear edges and is super thin. I cannot believe such a stunning picture comes out of something so thin and sleek. Speaking of picture, there are so many settings and options on this TV that its almost overkill. You can really customize your picture to your liking and then some. I found that this was the most difficult part of the TV. I spent 3 days calibrating the color/contrast/sharpness/brightness etc until I was pleased with it. There are many default settings but if you're like me, you know what looks right and what doesn't. After getting the calibration to my liking, everything you watch takes on a new life. What I mean is that shows and movies i've seen before look totally different with this TV.This TV has 240hz clear motion which adjusts things to move super smooth on the screen so you don't see any blur. Some might like it some might not. For some shows like cartoons, this doesn't work as well cause you see the picture jitter. There are settings to help fix this in the menu.it I watched Transformers and the robots looked amazing and the details were insane. Peoples faces show every zit, pore, imperfection it cracks me up how detailed the picture is. And Avatar on Directv was insanely beautiful.I've tried only a little bit in 3D and it is amazing. this tv came with the Shrek 3D series and all I can say is WOW. It was just amazing. I will say that the 3D is more of a depth thing rather than things flying off the screen at you. It also makes the picture look darker but no big deal. The glasses were comfortable and came in a nice pouch with a cleaning cloth. This TV also can make any show 3D with the touch of a remote control button. Again its more of a depth change than 3D.You can connect to some internet sites like Facebook, pandora and download apps. it also has Blockbuster and NetFlix so you can stream digital movies right to the TV. This TV has just about all the bells and whistles with a few silly exceptions. One of them is no built in wifi, so all that internet stuff you either need to spend more money on a USB wireless adapter or hardwire it to your router like I did. Another is the viewing angle isn't 178 like just about every other TV. You'll see color shifts when you sit or walk out of its viewing range. This TV is truly meant to sit right in front of to get the full effect. Also, you can't change the default input from TV to HDMI 1. Anytime you switch from watching a DVD it defaults to TV which is just static because its not hooked up to an antenna. The speaker is in the back of the tv but i didn't notice any sound issues.The remote control is cool and easy to use but my issue with it as well as the blu-ray dvd player's remote is the select/enter button is too small and right in the middle of the up/down/left/right selector buttons making it difficult to press. It also has a light up function that is cool but its not bright enough. The user manual doesn't explain many of the features well enough and to learn how and what features are/do you have to go in and try them. Another important thing to note is that this tv uses HDMI1.4 which is the latest version Most cables are 1.3. while they will work, you cannot use them to connect your 3D blu-ray player as it won't work. The 1.3 cables will work on everything else like satellite, cable, dvd, xbox, ps3 etc, just not 3D blu-ray players.This TV is definitely worth the money and you in my opinion are getting a state of the art TV. There are a few minor drawbacks that I listed above but certainly nothing to keep you from getting this TV. Mine came with Samsung SSG-P2100S/ZA Shrek 3D Starter Kit, Black and Samsung BD-C6900 1080p 3D Blu-ray Disc Player the blu-ray machine is great!!!Overall its a super TV and love it, I hope it lasts a very long time.