I purchased this set over 2 years ago (for $1280 total in Feb 07) to replace my old Panasonic 32in CRT TV.  This was my 1st step into the HDTV world and I researched my plasma/LCD choices for many months before deciding on this particular model. It was hard to compare models at the department stores because none of the sets are calibrated correctly and the store lighting was too bright. It was the reviews from Amazon and CNET that convinced me to go with this Panasonic model.Pros:- Excellent range of colors (need to calibrate settings after break-in)- Deep blacks- Very good sound quality with or without home theater system, balance sound from TV speakers.- Exceptionally wide viewing angle- Excellent DVD and Blue-ray image with up-converted PS3 and Denon S-301 home theater.- +2 years of flawless operation with no hint of warranty issues- Quick start ups, fast channel changes, ease of use- Zero burn-in issues and zero temporary image retention- Attractive design- Exact same picture/sound quality with HDMI or component/audio cables (channel changes a little quicker with component cables)Cons:- Depending on signal, SD can be a little grainy and sometimes the occasional digital "pixilation" on HD broadcasts (Comcast fault, not Panasonic)- Glare/reflection because of smooth screen- No lazy Susan base like newer models- Still need the Panasonic remote to change inputs or aspect ratio- Heavy compared to same sized LCDI recently purchased in Feb/09 a Samsung LN-46A650 1080p 46inch LCD HDTV ($1580 with shipping) to replace the old 42" Panasonic plasma downstairs.  I've heard and read how much the LCDs have caught up the plasma in picture quality and I decided to give the top rated Samsung a chance.  I belong to several Audio/Visual forums and I downloaded the calibration settings from other Samsung owners that had their set professionally calibrated. The only advantages the Samsung had was 4 HDMI inputs, swivel base, and a larger screen by 4 inches, after that is was all Panasonic.  The +2 year old Panasonic had a sharper HD/SD picture quality, superior sound quality, faster start up, quicker HDMI channel changes, easier to calibrate and it required less tweaking depending on SD/HD signal.  After one week, I had to return the Samsung because it just wasn't worth spending that much money for decreased image/sound quality.  I replaced the Samsung with the Panasonic 58 inch 1080p TH-58PZ800U ($2,089 + $200 5 day ground shipping) and I am extremely happy with both of my Panasonic HDTVs.Side note:  Comcast in New Mexico never told me I needed to configure my Scientific Atlanta 8300HD DVR to output 480p/720p/1080i signal for my HDTV. The default settings on the 8300HD look more like upconverted 480i/480p on the TV. Once I figure this out on my own, HD really came alive on both Panasonic HDTVs.UPDATE May/2013: I am +6 years with this TV and the picture and sound quality is still good as new.  The TV is now moved into the master bedroom and only sees about 20% of the entertainment duty compared to when it was the main TV (replaced with 58 inch Panasonic TH-58PZ800U, 5 out of 5 TV).  I still have a HD Comcast DVR connected along with a Panasonic DMP-BDT220 Blue-ray player with wireless for Netflix streaming (only two HDMI in the back of TV). The silver look design is a little out dated compared to the all black LCD/Plasma screens of today.  No regrets on this TV purchase.