I bought the TCL L32HDF11TA 32-Inch 720p 60 Hz LCD HDTV as my first flat-panel HDTV.  I was nervous about the  brand, TCL, but the thousand or so positive reviews on the TV convinced me to give it a try, and I was very happy.  TCL makes an easy-to-use, no-frills, affordable HDTV with a nice picture that was a startling improvement over my ancient tube TV.When I was given the opportunity to review the "TCL L40FHDF12TA 40-Inch 1080p 60 Hz LCD HDTV" I was excited.  Surely, when it comes to television technology, newer is always better, right?  Not necessarily.Right out of the box, I was disappointed in the look of the 12TA.  Whereas the 11TA had a sleek, futuristic look, this 12TA can only be described as industrial.  Instead of a sculpted black base that matches the set, the foot for the 12TA is just a glass plate mounted with four screws.  It sets up easy enough, but it just doesn't look as good.  Then, there is a large strip of metal going across the front on the bottom of the TV on the 12TA that wasn't there on the 11TA.  I don't know why these design-elements were changed, but the 12TA is not as handsome a TV as the 11TA.The rears of the TVs are identical.  Both the 11TA  and the 12TA have the exact same number of interfaces.  The remote for the 12TA is larger and I found it to be inconvenient, but maybe that is because I am used to the remote for the 11TA.But we aren't buying TVs to be decorations, right?  So how is the performance?The 12TA claims to have "enhanced picture and sound."  I set the two TVs next to each other and gave them a watch. I don't have a BluRay player, but I do have an upscalling DVD player and both TVs registered as native 1080p.  They have identical options  as far as picture adjustment goes.  I normally turn off the Backlight Sensor, because it doesn't work very well and leaves the screen too dark.  In terms of advancement, the 12TA doesn't have any extra features over the 11TA.  I did find that the 12TA had a slightly nicer picture.  I couldn't quite put my finger on what it was, and it wasn't an incredible difference, but there was definitely more going on with the 12TA than the 11TASo I give them the "enhanced picture."  Enhanced sound, on the other hand ... there really wasn't any difference.  Neither TV has nice sound; the speakers are just regular TV speakers, and they just aren't going to give you a full sound experience.  I have a surround-sound system, so I almost never use the TV speakers anyways.My real problem with the 12A came with its internal antenna.  At our house we don't have cable or satellite TV, but there are a few free, local digital channels that we enjoy watching.  For some reason, the 11TA can watch them while the 12TA cannot.  It was strange to see.  With the two TVs sitting right next to each other, my wife and I initiated the channel search on both TVs at the same time, and while the 11TA picked up and showed the local channels, the 12TA claimed it couldn't find anything.  Even when you tried to program those channels directly in, it wouldn't display them.Ultimately, the channel issues and the industrial design of the TV meant that we decided to keep the 11TA in the main room and relegate the newer, 12TA to a bedroom.  Even though the picture is slightly better, the fact that it can't locate local channels and--too be perfectly honest--just doesn't look cool meant that the negatives outweighed the single positive.If you are looking for an affordable flat-panel HDTV, then the TLC brand is a great way to go.  But I would personally recommend the older, 11TA model over this 12TA which is newer but not really improved.