First, thanks to all of you who have posted reviews. They are a tremendous help in making purchasing decisions. After receiving word from a Circuit City salesman that they make no attempt to adjust the demos on the floor, I realized that I had little else to work with. It only takes a slight difference in the brightness and/or contrast settings of side-by-side units to influence an opinion.This LCD HDTV has a great picture. I have several sources, but the over-the-air HD broadcast channels are by far the best. I cannot imagine a better picture. I did cycle through the menu and made some adjustments to the "out of the box" settings to optimize it. Yes, it is a 720p as opposed to a 1080p but I doubt my eyes would ever detect the difference and 1080p sources are only a future possibility for me. The color across the spectrum is close, but not perfect. Skin tones are excellent. Contrast is very good. I have watched a lot of sports and have seen no problems with response lags. I am an electrical engineer and I understand all of the specifications. I agonized over them at length. So what? Your eyes tell the story.Audio is typical. The expectation of home theater quality is unrealistic. I like the volume leveler cicuit. Loud advertisements make me crazy. I haven't tried routing the audio output to my home theater system, yet, so I don't know whether I will get "Stable Sound" or not.Eagle did an excellent job with delivery. It took 2 weeks from when I placed the order to receive the unit. They called in advance to schedule the delivery and called an hour before they arrived. The two guys attached the stand and waited for me to turn it on before they left. This was a courtesy offered so they could take the packaging with them. They informed me that had the unit been DOA or defective, they could not have taken it with them at that time. They also told me that they had delivered over 500 flat screen TVs of various types and had never had one that was DOA or defective. They said that many of their deliveries had been for refurb units. I guess that information would make me feel even worse if I was one of the reviewers that had experienced disaster.What could be improved?-It only has one coax input. I would like to have one for ATSC and another for NTSC. I did not find another choice that had this available.-The VGA input has a limit of 1024x768. The full native resolution would have been better. I am going to go to a video card with a DVI output in my PC using a DVI to HDMI adapter cable to overcome this limitation. I hope that works. I haven't tried an HDMI input, yet.-The station recall feature on the remote does not understand the subchannels (ex 58-1) and is useless for the over-the-air digital source. It reverts to the analog channel (ex 58.)-When you mute the sound, it defaults to CC display. This is actually a nice feature except that when I change it via the menu, it reverts back the next time I cycle power.- The remote is solid but not arranged completely the way I would have expected and I am going through a learning curve. Every manufacturer does things differently. I wish it was backlit.I hope this helps you. Circuit City had this unit for $1500 after taxes. I paid $1200 through Amazon. I like the idea of being able to return the unit "for any reason," but I am too cheap to buy the peace of mind.