Even though I consider myself tech savvy, I hadn't purchased a new TV since Bush was elected.The Vizio replaced a pre-flat screen, pre-HD, 200lb, tubed behemoth. So the only thing I have to compare it to is TV's at my friends houses and watching sports at bars.Needless to say, I am no longer envious of other people's TV's. I feel like I hit the jackpot my first time out and now it's their TV's that don't look as good as mine.First of all it was delivered ( on time) by a specialty carrier who not only brought the TV inside, they unpacked it, let me inspect it for damage, put the bottom on, placed it on a Sonax FB-2600 Fiji 60-Inch TV Component Bench, Ravenwood Black that I purchased for it, and we turned it on to insure that it was working correctly. When they left, the took the packaging and trash with them. The entire delivery experience was an unexpected bonus!Once the cable company brought my digital box, set up was pretty easy. For a few minutes I thought something was wrong with it because the picture wasn't what I expected...but then I figured out that I wasn't on HD stations. Once I put it on HD stations (and hooked up the box via HDMI instead of the coaxial cable), it was glorious! The picture crystal clear, sharp, and after a few adjustments it was just how I wanted it. The picture was so nice that I even watched 30 minutes of soccer just because the colors were so vivid.The sound isn't bad. Better than most newer TVs.  But I hooked it up to a Vizio sound bar that I already had and that made it even better.Setting up my Netflix, and M-Go accounts was painless, although the Amazon App isn't working at the moment...which kind of sucks.There are a lot more Vizio Apps available than they advertise and I find them all easy to use and even enjoyed some new programming that I didn't even knew existed. It's true that many of the apps are Yahoo apps, but one of them is Yahoo Fantasy Football, so another bonus for this upcoming Football season since I play in that league.There are a lot of Fox Local News affiliate apps...which is kind of strange.I did under estimate how big 55" was. I probably would have been fine with 42"-48", but it's not overwhelming. I'm actually glad I went bigger. It's a real movie experience which I expect to get even better once my new Roku Streaming Stick arrives.Another unexpected usage was hooking up my laptop via HDMI port. I'd been taking some online  classes with a ton of video lectures, and quizzes. It was awesome to be able to do my classes on the big screen from the couch instead of sitting at my desk or holding a laptop.The user interface is very easy to understand, settings are a breeze, and you don't have to do a whole lot of fiddling and adjusting to get a great picture right out of the box.I do wish that it came with the QWERTY keyboard remote, but for $12 it wasn't a big deal to just order one.I don't have any major complaints about this TV. If you are a first time HD Flat Screen buyer like I was, this is the perfect set for you. Especially for the price.If you are an Audio/Video snob and think that you are going to spend $700 and get a $2500 TV, then don't buy this TV. Go buy a $2500 TV. For my money and needs, this TV is very nice.UPDATE: Roku streaming stick arrived and it's awesome! The included smart apps on the TV are fine, but adding a Roku to this TV adds so much more entertainment value to it. The user interface is much smoother, and the channel offering is second to none.I also added a Logitech Harmony Smart Keyboard (Amazon doesn't sell. Got it from Logitech website), which controls the TV, Roku, the laptop I have hooked up to it, my Blueray player, Cable, and the Harmony app lets me use my phone or tablet as a remote. I also  added Panasonic SC-HTB20 Energy Star 2.1-Channel 240-Watt Multi-Positional Full HD 3D Audio System (2012 Model) for better sound.I highly recommend the additional accessories. It really improves on the entire experience.