I happened across this TV while searching for something to play my PSone, PS2, and Wii games on. I already own a 32inch LCD HDTV which I use for my PS3 and my PC but playing my PS2 on it was pretty much impossible with most of my games due to the poor quality caused by playing standard definition games on a high definition display. While I was able to play my Wii on the 32inch it still suffered some quality loss which was a slight annoyance at times. I decided to invest in an older TV but I just didn't have the space to fit a CRT anywhere in the room since they're so bulky and I'm limited on space so I wasn't even sure how to go about finding a solution. I eventually came across this TV at a Goodwill for $60 and had never heard of an EDTV before so I did a quick read up on how they differ from CRT TVs and HDTVs. I couldn't find any solid info on how well they work with older game consoles but it was pretty thin (about 4 inches) and only had outputs for composite and component cables so I figured I'd just take the gamble.Luckily it paid off!After setting it up and adjusting the video settings I was stoked to see how well it worked. The PS2 and the Wii looked absolutely flawless using component cables. I got the same level of quality when I used composite cables for my PSone (I had tried it with the component first and it didn't take too well presumably because PSone games weren't made to handle that level of resolution.)The only thing I feel like I should note is the fact that certain (more specifically, newer) Wii games were made in a 16:9 widescreen format, while certain others still use the 4:3 standard format so you'll have to go into your options menu on the Wii and adjust your screen settings accordingly for each particular game. Otherwise the aspect ratio will look awkward. But it only takes two seconds to do so it's not a big deal. I can't stress enough how much it paid off. I went nuts replaying a lot of my old PS2 games that I'd been avoiding because I couldn't stand playing them on an HDTV. I gained a deeper appreciation for the detail on some of my Wii games that had been muddled before. Specifically, Legend of Zelda Skyward Sword and Xenoblade Chronicles. They looked alright on HDTV's but on this one they were just stunning.I never intended to use it for cable so I never tried it. It didn't come with the remote but I read that if you can find one there's features on it that will change the display of certain TV shows from standard to widescreen if they support high def. The sound quality is about average and gets the job done.I've had it for a few months now and it's holding up great. I had read on some other people's reviews that the TV suddenly stopped working on them. I bought mine used and it was in really good condition. I've been taking good care of it since I bought it as I do with all of my electronics so hopefully it will last forever and ever, haha. I think I'll actually cry if this TV were to ever break on me because I doubt I'll find another one like it and even the ones being sold on Amazon right now are extremely expensive and described as being in somewhat bad condition. I see they're starting at $250 as of April 2012 which I feel is pretty steep.But if you're looking for something to do some older gaming on and you happen across one of these TV's, by all means, grab it!