I purchased this TV on Feb 29 2008 and could not have been more disappointed. In 45 days the TV has stopped working. I opted for not taking the store warranty thinking that we pay a premium for Sony quality.Boy was I wrong, not only did the TV stop working its now more than a week since I called Technical support for in home service and their service, for lack of a better word is nothing short of miserable.After a week of waiting, I took a day off from work to get the TV fixed, the technician doesn't show up!! He reschedules to another day and even then I can only hope that he shows up today.If I want to complain, I will have to request another authorized repair shop which means more waiting!!Completely dissatisfied with both the TV, that stopped working in 45 days, and the service, which is bordering on the lines of non existent.Update:Finally after a few more verbal disagreements with the completely incompetent repair guy, he showed up more than an hour and a half late.As whiny as I sound, he called to reschedule a second time (after a week a waiting) and then again when he finally got there said that if he cannot find parking he will move on. Not sure if they are training their people to ensure that once you request service from Sony, you will never buy from them again.Thankfully, the TV is now working and hope it will continue to do so.Once again, if you do find yourself with a 'Lemon' you can be almost assured, at least from my experience, that the customer service if terrible!!Update 2:YES....the TV is not working again. And, as you will have it, once again the brilliance of Sony's customer service means at least another week of waiting. If you request quicker service, they cant help because they have to order parts, if you request a refund or an exchange, you have to call during normal working hours. Isn't it fantastic that they actually want you to call from work (yes some of us actually work to be able to afford these things) so that everyone around you is aware of the brilliant Sony product and shadowy customer service (We have spent collectively more than 5 hours with them so we rightfully have an opinion).This has to be taken into consideration before making your purchase. Customer service is equally important and from my experience, I can reassure you of that fact.Totally disgruntled at this point. Will definitely update once again with the outcome.Update 3:A few more days have passed and I have just been told that the part that the TV needs (the whole panel apparently) is out of stock. I cannot tell you how overjoyed I am that I might have use of my 1 month old TV for another 3 weeks. Owned the TV for 6 weeks and if it does get fixed in three weeks, it will not have been working for about 4 out of the 10 weeks that I have owned the TV.I encourage everyone to go take this into consideration before any purchase from SONY is made.