We have only had the Sony KDL60NX720 about a week but we are pleased.  The picture is essentially perfect in both HD and in 3D.  So far we have only played one BluRay 3d Ultimate Wave Tahiti but it was excellent using both the Sony BR50 glasses and the Sony BR250.  We had a problem with a pair of 3D glasses from NGX that were supposed to work on Sony but did not and those are going back.  They were less money but absolutely just didn't work.  When the Sony glasses are turned on then WOW the picture in 3D is just excellent.  The Sony glasses are worth the extra money and the smaller Sony glasses can be worn by adults.  At this point our take on 3D in general is that it is way past the gimmick stage but it isn't something you want to watch for more than the length of a movie.  Your eyes tend to be scanning faster trying to pick out all the effects and everyone has remarked that their eyes feel tired.This is our first smart TV and there is a learning curve.  The TV is a bit more capable than we had realized and so getting through the I-Manual or owners manual which is stored on the TV is more of a challenge than just setting up a regular TV.  We have ours hard wired to the ethernet so we didn't use the wireless feature.  An example of the very sophisticated features on this TV that we had not realized are that if a child gets within 3' of the TV it turns off.  That feature can be turned off if you want.  Also the TV has a type of built in camera that records where you are sitting and makes adjustments to the picture to accomodate you.  We had not realized that and going through the set up we suddenly realized that in the lower right corner of the TV there we were.  Couldn't believe it so we both started waving to make sure that was us.  Yep.  So the technology built into this TV far exceeded our expectations.  We have made no adjustments to the factory settings for picture and simply use the Vivid setting which seems a bit brighter than our previous Sony.  We feed the TV a steady diet of DishNet HD and the picture tends to be perfect.  We were showing our Grandkids Gnomio and Juliet and the colors and detail were fascinating. DishNet sends a 1080i signal and the typical BluRay is 1080P.  Can't see much difference.Our TV sits in a very bright room during the daytime and while the picture is excellent there is a bit more glare off the screen than our older Sony which was about two years old and a EX5500 with a more matt finished screen. The gorilla glass is beautiful and shiny and I'm not about to test it for scratch resistance but it is very polished and with a window with sun coming through you will see more reflection.  At night that problem goes away.  Even in the daytime the picture itself is so stunning that you simply ignore any glare which in fairness is relatively small but reading the ads for gorilla glass I had expected no glare.The internet applications at this point seem more hype than reality.  The few times we have tried to get into it have failed and you miss a keyboard.  Our new Samsung BluRay player also has apps on it and that has been easier to use.  I am sure over time if it became something we wanted to explore more the internet application is something that we could get more used to. Pandora works very well and that would lead me to believe that the other apps would also.One more positive note.  The sound from the TV is much better than our older Sony.  Also we have run the fiber optical digital sound cable from the TV to our stereo receiver since it is an older Yamaha without the HDMI connections.  No echo and the sound is just excellent.  For normal viewing the TV sound alone is fine and then for a good movie we use the Yamaha receiver.  To get DTS sound when available we also have a optical line going from the BluRay player to the Yamaha receiver and then we turn the TV sound down.  At some point the Yamaha will die and we will replace it with another Yahaha with HDMI connections.  We also tried the headphone audio outlet on the TV and that is fine although the headphone outlet on the Yahaha is easier to use.Amazon did a fine job of getting this TV to us fast.  I notice that other sellers are available but we used Amazone which we tend to do whenever possible.