Not much you can say here other than these HDMI cables work as advertised and do so at an outstanding price point making the product an outstanding value. If your looking for a solid HDMI cable that provides for the lastest in digital quality and performance look no further. You won't get any better performance out of a more expensive competitor. That is just the nature of HDMI's digital signal. If the cable is rated for your application whether it be Deep Color, high speed, 3D, etc and your HDMI port(s) on your applicable devices are current to the standard of cable you have purchased your cables digital signal will provide the quality and rated performance you crave.That is just the nature of the digital signal HDMI provides. Unlike analog cables digital cables don't degrade the signal over the length of the normal run found in typical cable lengths. The basic rule of thumb with a digital signal is if your getting a signal your getting all of the signal. While there have been upgrades to the HDMI minimum standard of performance to provide for newer technologies such as 3D. Many manufactures far exceed the minimum standard of rated performance or specifically state the rated performance of the HDMI cable in a more easy to understand fashion by specifically naming the cables capabilities.Amazon Basic cables state their performance applications clearly and provide an outstanding value for their performance that provide excellent value in the industry at their price point. Buyer be ware if your still listening to the sales gimmicks that promote much more expensive HDMI cables that are largely marketed as better cables and a future proof value. While you cannot rightfully say the Amazon Basic cables are better performance wise you most definitely can't say they are not as good for at the end if the day HDMI is HDMI. The simple reason is a digital signal is either completely transmitted or none of the signal is transferred. The only concern you should ever consider when purchasing an HDMI cable is the rated performance of the cable either in terms of the HDMI standard or what the manufacture specifically recommends the cable is capable of providing in terms of technology. Therefore higher cost means absolutely nothing in terms of HDMI performance nor does a particular manufactures name but that popular name may negatively affect the price point significantly.To make the idea perhaps a little more simple to understand think of USB technology associated with your computer. USB originally started as being stated as a minimum standard of performance just like HDMI which was denoted as USB 1.1 and then became USB 2.0 and now USB 3.0. Each newer standard represents a higher minimum standard or performance. In the case of USB the speed of data transfer is the minimum standard of rated performance which has increased as the associated number of USB has risen from 1.1 to today's 3.0. Consider HDMI no different and therefore it is foolish to purchase a more expensive brand of HDMI cable over another competitor that provides the same minimum standard of rated performance. In fact as previously pointed out many HDMI cable manufactures actually exceed the HDMI minimum standard significantly with the cables they sell. Remember it's a minimum standard. Therefore as the HDMI standard for minimum performance is raised your cables may still be complaint but the nice thing about the low price of these Amazon Basic HDMI cables is you can always upgrade for peace of mind without spending a small fortune for a single cable if there is any question. Still yet if the cable performs to your specification it performs and the low price simply makes it better and the best choice.