Even though this model has now been discontinued I find it necessary to write a long term review for anyone who may still be looking at purchasing this model as a closeout.The Good:Picture Quality:  Excellent.  Let me say that if you are looking for a tv to place in a room without a lot of direct light on the front of the tv, plasma is the way to go as far as the best picture quality.  Black levels are deep and rich, color is beautiful, and the anti-reflective screen on this model does a great job of keeping down the glare.Sound Quality:  Again rated excellent.  For a slim cabinet and not much room to place speakers, the sound was quite impressive.  It's unreasonable to expect the same sound that you would get from a surround sound system, but a pleasant full range and depth of sound can be had from the internal speakers with plenty of volume.Viewing Angle:  Anyone looking to purchase a new tv should consider the viewing angle of the tv.  A deciding factor when I made this purchase was the fact that LCD / LED TV's suffer from a poor viewing angle when compared to plasma sets.  With the plasma, the picture can still be seen from off axis without the loss of contrast and color.Ease Of Use: The menus on this model are extremely easy to navigate and very intuitive.Style: Although it's not the greatest architectural achievement on the face of the planet, the simple styling makes this a set that will match just about any room and never look dated.The Bad:Image Retention:  This makes the whole deal a real dud.  Image retention is terrible on this tv set.  If watching a program with any type of network logo, especially if it is bright white, be prepared for image retention that will most likely end up being permanent (and not covered under warranty).  With less than 1,000 hours of viewing time on my set, a dull area began to appear in the bottom right corner of my tv.  With little thought about it, the tv was used just as my prior tube type tv was and no real concern given to the dullness in the corner.  The dullness soon began to take shape though and form into a combination of several tv network logos.  Clearly seen was a rectangle, a large H, a large D, and so on.  Before going any further, I will say that the anti-image retention settings were used along with the scrolling bar about once a week.  Once the image retention began to appear steps were taken to try to remove these artifacts.  The channel logos that were displayed were no longer viewed, or the aspect ratio was changed (an aspect ratio was always used that did not display black bars if possible).  We even let the tv sit for a period of two weeks turned off, but nothing helped with the image retention.  Before purchasing this tv I had a major concern over comments I have heard regarding "burn in" on plasma tv's.  After a great deal of research I still decided to purchase this model though, and much of that was based on major reviews, and the fact that Panasonic advertised on their website that burn in was a thing of the past with their plasma televisions and that no special viewing or care requirements were needed.  This simply turned out to not be true however as with further testing after discovering image retention issues, severe image retention was found to occur with as little as one hour of viewing time.If the image retention issue alone does not persuade you to look elsewhere for a tv...Web Content / Apps: Our family found the apps included to be pretty boring.  Netflix performed in a satisfactory manor, but downloaded games were dull.USB / SD Card Content:  Although there are some types of content that can be viewed directly by connecting an external device to the USB port very few formats are supported.  The USB / SD Card feature on this tv is best used for viewing photos and not much of anything else.