If you're looking for a 55 inch TV and don't want to spend a fortune, this is the TV to get.  The ST30 will give you the best picture quality out there for the price, and beats LCD/LED sets thousands more in price (as do most plasma sets).When you first open the box, you will have to set up the set by attaching the stand to it.  This isn't difficult but if you have a larger set, you may want to get someone to help you with the lifting.  The stand is basically two metal posts that the TV sits on top of, and then you bolt them in through the back.  I wouldn't want to take the chance of dropping my set while trying to line the posts up so they fit in the TV's slots.Once that's done, the rest is a snap to set up.  Going through the menu for initial setup takes literally seconds.  As with any plasma set, you may be inclined to use a break-in technique to age the phosphors before beginning regular viewing.  The ST30 has an SD card slot in the side, so it's very easy to run slides on it for break-in purposes.  This is the method I chose to use and I couldn't be happier with the picture.The apps work well also, mostly I only use the Netflix one.  I haven't noticed any lag.The sound is about what you would expect from TV speakers.  If you're getting this for a serious home theater, it sort of goes without saying that you will not be using the TV's speakers.  I currently am using the built-in speakers however, because I spent all my money on the TV!  Seriously though, they're fine for normal viewing and the sound quality is actually a lot better than other TV's I've had.If you've done research on the ST30, you may have stumbled upon some news about the "fluctuating brightness" issue on this set.  Previous Panasonics had rising blacks, and the 2011 sets have fluctuating brightness.  The issue appears to be much worse on the GT30 than the ST.  On my ST30, I have only seen it a handful of times and it's never distracting.  What the issue is is basically the TV adjusting scene brightness mid-scene.  You can see the issue when an especially dark shot transitions to a lighter one.  Sometimes the TV will initially display the bright scene, and then you will see the brightness increase or decrease ever so slightly.  I suggest taking a look at some of the in-store models to see if you can notice it.  Like I said, I have barely seen any cases of it after a month of viewing.  Others have reported that the issue is so bad on their set that they had to return it.  The last I heard, this is inherent to the driving mechanism in the TV and likely won't be able to be corrected through a firmware or other update.  The 2011 Samsungs also exhibit similar behavior.Overall, even with the fluctuating brightness issue, this is hands down the best TV you can get for under $1500.  I couldn't be happier with mine, and when it's time for another set I will likely get another Panasonic plasma.  I was hesitant about going plasma at first, but the picture quality blows my LCD out of the water.