It is a good TV, period. Make that GREAT! No issues that are really causing a problem have come up since its purchase. Some minor issues that I expected after doing my research really never came up (except for poor sound), and really even they were nitpicky type things. We have ours hooked up to our Toshiba 3D Wi-Fi Blu Ray player, the Wii and our Tivo, everything works wonderfully.  Would buy this TV again and would recommend to friends.In a nutshell --What needs improvement:Sound is poor, volume setting goes to 100, but, sound only really increases till about 45 on volume bar.LED local dimming can show flickering (minor), if not set-up just right.Just a little slow to power on and to change channel inputs/channels (but, not really that bad).What makes it Great!:Touch panel buttons on front are great (power, channel, volume, etc.).Smart features are good (could be improved, but, are OK.)Easy wireless connectivity.Flawless 3D - very low eye-strain, little or no cross talk, very sharp image.Thin and lite-weight for its screen size.Hi-end, multi-featured, backlit Remote with quick access buttons (Netflix).We have had several Toshiba products in the past and I knew that they make a good product, this is no exception.  Here is my experience...After months of research and looking at this, and looking at that, I knew that there were three TVs that could do what I wanted.  1) 1080p 2) Passive 3D, 3) the "just right" refresh rate, 4) LED backlighting, 5) Wi-Fi/Smart TV capable - and at least 55in. screen.  There were about 3 that came out of that quest, this Toshiba, an LG and a Vizio.  The Vizio had a 480hz refresh rate, but, more is not better. Also, the Vizo had edge lit LED, which would contribute to less than desired contrast ratio.  Then, I learned that there were numerous customer complaints, on several sites - so that is what axed the Vizio early on in my search.  As for the LG, well, there again the refresh rate came up (I'll get to that in a bit). The LED back lighting was identical for the Toshiba and the LG, I was even told by the sales person that Toshiba had licensed that particular form of LED Local Dimming from LG (don't know if that is true or not), and in that aspect they performed the same.  So, with everything being almost equal I went back looked at the refresh rate. When I was looking at the LG 55 in. passive 3D TV model, I decided against that one because at best, I could not confirm that it even had 120hz refresh rate (which is what it said it did).  Even if it did, the way that passive 3D works (two different fields) you would need to half the 120hz and you are down to 60hz.  So, when I could confirm that this Toshiba has 240hz refresh rate, that is what sold me. I know I kind of sounds like Goldie Locks, this one is too high and the other too low - AND one was just right. But, remember, you will be looking at this thing for hours - the last thing I wanted was eye strain and/or a headache - and that is what you will get if the refresh rate is too low or two high.  After all, one of benefits of passive 3D, is less eye strain, so I thought I  should think seriously before tossing that out with another feature that put you back in a situation that could bring back eye strain.  OK then, back on track, with the Toshiba, I have 120hz for each of the passive 3D fields.  The Toshiba still works out mathematically with 3D video and 3D film to deliver a very smooth image, even in a very active movie or 3D sporting event.  So, that was my pick.  I know... broadcast station still send their signals out at 60hz, that is not what I am talking about (and for the record I am not talking about power supply either).  I was able to compare both the LG and Toshiba at the same time, when I bought the Toshiba, and it was a fair and close comparison. However, the Toshiba is clearer, sharper, brighter and less blurry (for actions scenes and text/credits).  Plus, the information for Toshiba is in the manual, on their website and sales people seem be very knowledgeable when it comes to the Toshiba.  It seems like LG's marketing team will say one thing, there manual says another and sales people are just as confused (if not more so) than the customer.  I know some are calling this a value 3D TV and are willing spend much more, but, for my family this is still a lot of money.  So, after I did a lot of research and if I am going to put out $1K or more for a TV, I need to know what I am going to get, sorry LG - THANKS, TOSHIBA!**UPDATE 02/22/2013**Clearly the best TV out there!  Still working great 1 and half years later (bought this one in Fall of 2011). I was planning on buying another TV at about this time, but, this one is still going strong (as is the Toshiba we bought before this one back in 2008).  I am excited to see what Toshiba will come out with for there next TV!  For all it's features, the high quality 2D and 3D picture and hi-end specifications this is the one to have. If you can find this TV, BUY IT!