I would like to compare this TV with the LN46D550 that can be found in stores and is on display. I think this TV may have a similar screen as I agree with CNET's detailed review on this TV. The picture is great, very bright, and very high contrast. Blacks seem dark, but few may think near black looks a little too blue. Color is amazing, but it may just be the wow factor, is adjustable, and probably still a great picture compared to other LCDs (and LED LCDs). The TV tuner does a great job as well in displaying HD, and regular DVDs appear higher definition as well. Only when the credits are playing a dim white cloud (noticed in a dark room) appears near each corner, even though this an CCFL LCD.I purchased this TV as a Black Friday special at Walmart for $598 plus tax with little information as to what it is. I bought it knowing I can return it at no cost to me. I found out the TV has no audio outputs, no VGA(analog computer) input, and the speakers sound like a low end old CRT box TV at high volume. I really would not care about what the speakers sound like, but there is no output from the TV for audio or anything else to forward TV sound to a receiver. I am very picky about sound quality and have spent a lot on speakers. There is only a cable input, two HDMI inputs, and a component/composite input that shares holes so you can only use one at a time. I'm returning it only because it has no audio output. I plan to get the Samsung LN46D630, it seems to have better color accuracy according to CNET and an optical output for surround sound from antenna (cable) TV. It also has a VGA input, but I think it more likely to get a better picture with a $5 DVI to HDMI adapter(depending on what your computer has). Smart TVs are still a joke; just use an old computer or laptop with a $20 wireless keyboard and mouse. I would recommend this TV if the limited inputs and lack of any outputs are not a requirement for you and/or you are fine with the average built in TV grade sound quality.I prefer CCFL LCDs like this over LED LCDs, because I've concluded LED LCDs are currently typically: -overpriced as a newer technology, but really cheaply made; -still being developed as a new technology with an uncertain lifespan; -the LEDs are rated for 100,000 hours in a favorable environment with a heat sink and fan at the right constant voltage but are crammed next to each other with no heat sink or fan and subject to voltage fluctuations to achieve a special "dynamic" contrast ratio, the TV and installed LEDs are not rated for 100,000 hours which is what the sellers want you to think; -LED LCD "flash lighting"; -none available have true back lighting to have local dimming for better contrast so there is no advantage at all with picture over regular CCFL LCD; -most unevenly lit; -LED LCDs often actually use more electricity than regular CCFL LCDs, unless you turn the brightness uncomfortably far down on the LED and all the way up on the CCFL LCD (LED Samsung UN46D6400 using 86.37 watts verses Samsung LN46D630 using 81.608 watts (out of box, CNET reviews)); -LEDs turn blue as they age; -once a TV under 4" thin, going much thinner doesn't really matter when the receiver and speakers under it is still 12" deep; -if a TV is really that thin, how does those speakers sound on a 1" thick TV (I'm imagining a cellphone speaker) or are you just going to loose any space gained with separate speakers?