Earlier in 2011, I purchased the LG 60PZ550 to replace my Samsung PN50B550. At that point, I was satisfied with the LG. The picture was ok and it's packed with features for a very low price (similarly priced to PN59D550) so it represented an excellent value.  Still, I was left feeling somewhat lacking and deliberated on returning it but decided to keep it... until when the PN59D7000 was released. My return period on the LG was just about to expire so I returned it and purchased the Sammy. I admittedly, have become a video snob. Paid $400 more for 1" less screen. The awesome Panny VT30's were out also but man, they're expensive! A grand more for 5" less? Just couldn't do it and the PN59D7000 is right up there with it. The D8000 was $200 more than the 7000 but all you get is the qwerty remote, web browser, Skype capability and ARC. Picture is identical even though the D8000 has the LCE (Local Contrast Enhancer). Also the four spoke base is odd looking to me.I now had this TV for 3 months. This is Samsung's best ever.The pros:-Color presentation is the best, perhaps ever across all brands and types. It is regarded as reference grade. This is the one aspect of the D7000/8000 that makes it stand out from the rest of the pack.-Excellent blacks and shadow detail, though not the best of the top tier plasmas but close. Samsung has really improved on this but still a half step behind Panasonic.-Motion smoothness, pan smoothness, 24p mode and other video processing features are great.-This is the first plasma to impress me with handling ambiant light and reflections. Effective anti-glare coating. What a world of a difference this is to the mirror like LG.-Loaded with features, online content. Haven't used it much since they're a duplication to my blu-ray HTIB online stuff. Works well when I tried them.-Looks good. This is low on my priority list but is important to some. Thin bezel, thin profile, nice "titanium(?)" color. The normal rectangular stand, no spokes.-3D picture is very good with minimal ghosting and crosstalk.  TV review sites note the Samsung plasmas to deliver excellent 3D.  The active glasses makes the picture a bit dim though.As far as picture quality, looks and features go, it's one of the best at hundreds less than the competition.Cons:-No ARC, audio return channel. This is a bummer for those who have a surround sound system with HDMI but there are work-arounds (ARC available on D8000).-Reliability concerns. Previous reviewers noted that the anti-glare coat peel. I've heard many of these reports. I've logged nearly 600 hours (50 hrs/wk, 12 weeks) on this TV and no peel so far. I also heard that Samsung is aware and will honor repairs. See Samsung's statement below:"Samsung has become aware that the mylar screen filter on a small number of its 2011 Plasma TVs are starting to peel. The mylar filter is a protective coating on the screen and does not affect the performance of the TV. Customers that are experiencing this issue should call 1-800-SAMSUNG. We would be happy to repair the TV at no cost to the customer. Samsung is committed to delivering quality products; we will investigate all consumer inquiries and resolve the matter to our customers' satisfaction."I have to give this TV 5 stars until the reliability concerns become actual issues.  If it does become an issue, hopefully Samsung won't give me too much grief.Issues:Buzzing - no excessive buzzing on my unit. There are some complaints out there but I think altitude is the major factor.  I believe this is inherent problem for all plasmas.  No problems here in GA but I probably wouldn't buy one if I lived in Denver.Black level rise - at 600 hrs, haven't noticed a difference since the day I got it, though 600 hrs isn't a long time. Still has that deep, inky blacks.Brightness pops - yes, there's some brightness pops but I don't think it's that distracting.  It's infrequent and so quick, most will miss its occurance.  Panasonics had the same problem last year and fixed with firmware.  Hopefully Samsung gets one out here shortly.Other notes:Most "expert" calibrators state that MOVIE picture mode is the best and most accurate.  The settings I found on the web were consensus MOVIE mode, Warm 2,with some variability in BRIGHTNESS, COLOR, TINT, SHARPNESS, etc settings.  While these suggested settings was an improvement over default settings, I found that RELAX mode was the best.  This is just a personal preference.DYNAMIC mode is overblown with great loss of shadow detail.  The colors really pop but makes everything cartoony.STANDARD is too dim and probably only there to qualify the TV for Energy Star compliance.MOVIE is good and most experts like this mode but I feel there's too much of a green push.RELAX seemed to provide the best shadow detail in dark scenes and colors pop more so than MOVIE.  It's also brighter than MOVIE mode without sacrificing black level giving it better contrast.  No green push which, to me, displays purer whites.  Not sure if the color accuracy is better or worse.  Judging by the experts, it may be worse but I still prefer this setting.My settings:RELAX modeBRIGHTNESS - 54COLOR - 53TINT - 50/50SHARPNESS - 5WARM 1 (WARM 2 seem too hot)Again, just a personal preference.  See for yourself.  Put the suggested MOVIE settings (can be found via web search) and the RELAX setting and flip between the two on a dark scene and a colorful scene.