I researched for about 1 month before deciding on this TV.  Initially I thought I would buy a Sony but I started leaning towards the Samsung 55 inch LED.  However after demoing this TV and reading about it extensively, I decided to go for it.  I made the right decision.  If you are thinking about getting the Samsung LED over this, I would strongly suggest this Plasma.  Infact I think its the best TV available other than the Samsung 9000 series LED which costs more than twice as much and is smaller.Pros: Outstanding Black level, I didn't realize how important black level was to the overall picture quality.  Outstanding color reproduction, I am seeing shades that I didn't know existed.  Good color vibrancy: Bright and outstanding in low lit rooms.  Ok in bright rooms, there is some reflection. and not as bright as the LED, but viewing LED at angles is absolutely horrible.  This TV is great when watching from any angle.Cons: Does buzz a bit, but its just at the borderline of being annoying.  So far I only hear it when listening at very low volume when the kids are sleeping.  But not too noticeable.  It does get a little louder when switching to 3D.  If it gets any louder i would have a problem with it, but not now.Also this set generates alot of heat, i was surprised, but read elsewhere its normal.  I mean it is a very big screen so its understandable.Other thoughts:Only get this TV if you don't watch much standard definition TV, its too big and just magnifies the defects of SD, get 46 inch or smaller.  If you watch alot of HD, then you'll be happy.I was not impressed with the 2D to 3D conversion.  Maybe i'm not watching good source material, but it didn't seem to add much depth and instead made the picture darker.Watching my home movie which is recorded in my HD Camcorder is amazing! Its like watching HD TV.Can't wait for the PS3 upgrade to be able to play 3D videos and games.  I'm sure watching a 3D source will be worth the wait.This TV's picture quality is so good that you notice the slightest defects in the picture itself when for example the camera is trying to focus, you can see the slightest shifts in focus, light changes and camera movements.  I was thinking that the picture is so good and large that it amplifies the defects of the recording itself.All in all, this is a fantastic TV.UPDATE After 1 Month of Ownership:There were many factors that made me choose this TV over the LED. For the same price, the size--going from 55 to 63 inches is a big difference, you are increasing viewing area by about 25%. 600 HZ refresh is also very important, I hate to have pixilation or picture jutter, when demoing the LED I noticed it more..... I only get it very rarely on this TV, usually when the entire camera pans up/down, not so much side to side. Also the picture brightness is almost equal to the LED, the LED has an edge in this area, but it also makes the picture appear a bit artificial, almost too much vibrancy that does not seem natural. The Black level is superior but 3D is alot better than the LED. Plasmas reproduce better 3D. Also, viewing angle was important to me since my viewing position would not be head on in my living room. LEDs are not good when viewed from angles. It has been one month now since I've purchased this TV and am very sure I made the right decision. I would strongly urge getting this over the LED.