I've spent the last 2 months shopping TVs both online and in-store. I ended up picking this unit as my bedroom TV and am supremely happy with its performance.The pros:Plasma was out because my bedroom is bright and I needed the anti-glare surface of an LCD. LCDs are also lighter so I could handle moving it around myself. It feels lighter than the ~40 pounds it's supposed to weigh.Lots of inputs including 3 (count 'em) HDMI connections. I have an HD Tivo and upconverting DVD player hooked up and still have a spare HDMI port. It's also got 2 sets of component video if you have HD equipment from a couple years ago. There are more inputs that I won't bother listing here since you can get the list elsewhere.Visual quality is stunning with HD signals. 720p and 1080i look amazing though I'd give the nod to 720p for slightly better image quality. High quality standard def signals still look very good. Poor quality signals look worse than you'd expect from a CRT based TV. I sit ~8 feet from the TV (I like the immersion) and barely notice the compression artifacts. I'd rate the noise performance at a very good 8 on a 10 scale. I wouldn't pay the premium for 1080p unless the screen size was encroaching on 60".The included stand swivels. I used to have my 36" Sony Wega Trinitron on a turntable so the included swivel stand is a really nice addition.The high gloss, "piano black" finish isn't as obnoxious as I thought it might be. It also doesn't pick up fingerprints the way I expected.The cons:Switching inputs is painfully slow. Especially when switching to the HDMI connections. The HDMI and component inputs are "on" as long as a cable is plugged in, even if the device is off. So when I want to pass through my DVD player (which is off) to get to my HD Tivo (which is always on). I have to wait for it to scan for a signal, realize it's not detected, and then tell me so on screen before I can move on to the next HDMI input. You can select from the main setup menu, but it takes about as much time as it does to cycle through. For this many inputs, I wish they used the Toshiba method and put up an input menu whenever you hit the source button. Direct input selection buttons on the remote would have been ideal.The stand does have a tendency to lean a couple degrees forward. I'm not concerned, but it's not as sturdy feeling as I'd have liked.It produces as much heat as my 36" Sony CRT did.The picture-in-picture was an afterthought. It doesn't have enough options to be useful. Since I have an HD Tivo and the cable set-top-box, I'd like to be able to set one for HDMI and one for component video. Unfortunately, it only shows me the built-in tuner for the in-set window. My parents have a 15 year-old Mitsubishi that let you select any combination of inputs for PIP.I've had the sound drop-out issue twice over the last week. I'm waiting on Samsung to send me the updated firmware.Bottom line:If it weren't for the incredibly frustrating input selection, I'd consider giving it 5 stars. But this peformance issue is enough to withhold that last star.