After a ton of research and many trips to Best Buy looking at TVs I decided to purchase this monster. I decided on plasma mainly for the picture quality, but also because the same tier LCD TVs were $500-800 more expensive. I ordered this from Audio & Video Center through Amazon, shipped by Manna Freight for a little less than $1300. TV arrived in perfect condition.I use this TV as our main TV for all types of viewing, it is in a pretty bright room, though there are no windows behind it. The screen is a little reflective, I think the "real black filter" is pretty effective. During the day when the sun shines on the white wall behind the TV darker scenes are a little tough to see. This hardly bothers me at all as minimal as it is.The picture quality on the TV out of the box is amazing, I didn't mess with any settings for a few weeks and was more than satisfied with the picture. The blacks are very deep, color is super rich/sharp, and the picture is unbelievably clear. CNET recently reviewed this TV calling it one of the best TVs they've ever reviewed, I'm now using the settings from their calibration and the TV looks even better.The remote is fine, it isn't the qwerty model like the D8000, it is just a regular clicker. Entering search text in the TV apps is a little difficult. I have the Android phone remote app, I use it when I want to do YouTube searches, Netflix searches, etc. The remote app only works if the TV is already on, meaning you can't power up the TV with the remote app. Otherwise the remote app is pretty cool, has different interfaces for different modes, TV or smart hub.I've used a few of the apps in the Smart Hub, my favorite so far being AllShare (DLNA) which plays files from the computer on the TV over the network. The network connection to the TV has to be wired for this application to work, it won't stream files if the TV is hooked wireless. I spent about half a day fooling around with some PC software provided by Samsung to make sharing for AllShare work, I later realized that this was unnecessary, all I ended up doing was enabling sharing in Windows Media Player and the files were available. I have about 50 video files in the Windows Media Library, AllShare takes around 1 minute to load the file list the first time I access it after the TV has been off. Most every video file type I've tried have played without problem, the exception being Matroska (.mkv) container files. Not having to hook the computer to the TV to play files is really nice. I have not tried to play any music.*** UPDATE ***MKV files will play on this TV, you have to rename them to .avi first.The sound on the TV is better than I expected. Since the TV is so thin I thought the built in sound might be poor, this is not the case. I have surround sound, but I usually use the TVs sound for non-movie watching and it is totally fine.I have not used the 3D capabilities of this TV.All and all I'm very happy with this purchase and would definitely make it again and recommend others to buy this beast. I think this TV is a excellent value for the price.