I purchased this TV on December 2011.  When purchasing I was fully aware of the fluctuating brightness issue and had done extensive research around it.  However, given the price value of the tv and the reputation/quality of the panasonic plasma brand compared to other plasma tv brands I decided to purchase this model knowing full well that it could have issues.  The fact that this issue was recognized by Panasonic and they had a fix available gave me assurance that I could still buy this tv.  When I received the tv I noticed immediately from the sticker on the back of the tv that the manufacturing date was pre-August 2011 meaning that the set was made before the fluc brightness fix was installed into production.  I set up the tv and watched a few movies and never noticed any issues with the brigtness and thought I may have lucked out. Well, a few days later as I was watching Spiderman on blu ray I noticed in one of the scenes that the background brigtness shifted slightly.  I thought it might be the movie so I watched the same scene on a different tv and did not notice the shift and at that point I knew that I had the infamous brigtness issue. The issue is definitely subtle but when you know its a defect in the tv its hard to ignore and it becomes very distracting because I immediately started to notice it more often in other movies that I watched.I proceeded to call Panasonic customer service (I called the number suggested by one of the reviewers here) and they immediately sent a request for a local tv repair service to install a new board with a firmware update.  A quick bit of advice for folks who may be doing the same thing.  Make sure when the technician installs the new board that they check the board settings afterwards.  The PDP EEP settings will display a version number.  There is a specific version number that has the fix.  For example, the version my tv came with was 82.51.  Thats the bad version.  When the technician replaced the board and left.  I tested the tv and still had the fluc brightness issue.  I checked the PDP EEP version and it was 82.50.  I did some research online and found out that the proper version for the 65 inch plasma is PDP EEP = 82.53.  So even though they replaced the board the replacement board did not contain the fix!  I called the technician and they worked with Panasonic to get the right board in hand and once the board was switched a second time we checked the version and it showed PDP EEP = 82.53.  I tested the tv and the problem was fixed and since then I've been 100% happy with my tv.  For those that want more detail on this issue and the fix (including how to check your PDP EEP version) go to the highdefjunkies forum and look up panasonic fluctuating brightness problem.  There is a TON of valuable information there.All in all this was a great purchase and an outstanding tv.  I couldnt give it 5 stars because as a customer I shouldnt have to buy a tv that has to be serviced afterwards.  I still gave it 4 stars because I give panasonic credit for recognizing the issue and stepping up to provide a fix at no cost to the customer.  Panasonic could have denied any issues and could have assumed that the average consumer may not notice the "minor" problem or can live with it.  Thankfully, Panasonic must know that a lot of videophiles hold the brand in high regard and those same folks expect nothing but the best and the company's response to this issue is a testament of their commitment to a high quality product.