I received the KDL-52W5100 about 2 weeks ago. It replaced a KDL-52V5100 that I got in March, which replaced an older Sony Hi-Def LCD rear projection 1080i model (KDF-60XS955). The KDL-52V5100 was great at first, but it had a very annoying dimming problem that Sony eventually fixed with a firmware update. The problem was that the firmware update then broke the audio for me. The audio would cut out a few times a night on all HDMI inputs. Tried new cables, new Dish receiver, everything. They finally, after weeks of fighting with them, sent me another KDL-52V5100 which then had the same problem. Sony was very good about taking care of me with these issues, once I got a hold of the right person. Before that, they give you the run around and are willing to let your brand new TV sit in a repair shop for weeks while you wait for it. I will be keeping the contact names/numbers/email addresses for future reference. It's amazing how fast your problems get addressed when you email the Vice President of customer service for North America directly at his actual personal email address! :-) They finally, just 2 weeks ago replaced it with this TV. The KDL-52V5100 had a great picture (when I wasn't having problems with it) but this TV performs very noticeably better! I have used it with an XBOX360, a PS3 and with Dish Network Hi-Def receiver/DVR. The standard def is better than most of the other LCD's I looked at but as with all you can see the flaws of the SD picture. This one looks better than most for SD though. It also doesn't have the HDMI color space issue that the KDL-52V5100 had with my XBOX360. I have it set to Y'CbCr and it looks AMAZING! The PS3 also looks INCREDIBLE! This TV had all the features I wanted and has delivered higher performance and picture than expected. This TV does have noticeably better picture quality than the V series. The contrast is better (possible due to the Bravia 3 engine as opposed to the Bravia 2 engine in the V series) and there are more advanced features for scene selection and other video options. Plus the Xross media bar menu system is WAY better than the plain generic menu in the V series. It looks to be more customizable. The internet connection, DLNA and widgets are just a bonus for me. When I received it, it already needed a firmware upgrade which very conveniently upgraded right over the internet rather than having to use a flash drive. Because of that I can't comment on issues with the old firmware. The stand is average size but I wish it swiveled. The TV is not too heavy. The appearance is very sleek, it appears less clunky than the heavier V series and I like the option to have the Sony logo glow. It's pretty cool. The one thing I was worried about was the fact that it has an 8-bit LCD panel, rather than a 10-bit panel. I was really worried it would have banding or "paint by number" effects. I picked up a copy of Digital Video Essentials (DVE) HD Basics on Blu-Ray to calibrate the TV and to my surprise it included a test for checking for slow processing and for color banding "paint by number" effects. This TV was able to reproduce a perfect gradation in both color and gray scale with ABSOLUTELY no banding or "paint by number" effects whatsoever! I was really impressed. According to DVE an 8-bit panel should be able to do this as long as the processing board is fast enough and good enough quality. These problems are more due to the processing than an 8-bit panel according to DVE. The 10-bit is not necessary if you have adequate processing. After more research I have found that, that is why most higher end manufacturers, like Sony have started using 8-bit panels again in most but their very high end models. After calibrating this TV with DVE the picture is far better than I had ever hoped for, with great black levels and extremely vibrant, true to life color. The off angle viewing is exceptional. The picture morphs a little from extreme side view due to the flat screen, but the contrast and brightness even from almost sideways is awesome! On the last note, the Dish Network receiver/DVR looks great as well. Any problems with the picture was due to the signal from the satellite and not the TV itself. All the HD channels have some compression and it shows, but wouldn't matter how good the TV is for that. DVD, Blu-Ray, XBOX350 and PS3 have absolutely the best picture I have seen on any other LCD. They only thing that could be as good or better is Plasma, but I really wanted a Sony and they only make LCD's now. I am very pleased with my purchase and would highly recommend this TV for anyone. The matte finish is great as I have a lot of ambient lights and side windows in my living room. The only other TV I was considering was the Samsung and the highly reflective, glossy screen just would not work for me. Other than that, the Samsung has a great picture too. I mean Sony uses Samsung panels in most of their TV's, so...