After countless hours of research I opted for the 58C6500 over the 58C550 and could not be happier with my decision. I agonized over this purchase and spent a lot of time on avsforum and other review/info sites. Here is the information that I derived from my research:LCD vs plasma - LCD and especially LED LCD is hot right now. It's thin, bright, feature-rich, and all over the AV shops right now. I was under the impression that plasma was dead! 2 major manufacturers stopped making them and it just seemed like old antiquated technology with high energy usage, short lamp life, and burn-in worries. The supposed "videophiles" on the web all seem to agree that plasma still has the better overall picture quality. Deeper blacks, better viewing angles, plus they fixed all the issues experienced by the sets of yesteryear. Lamp life is now 100,000 hours (8 hours/day for 30 years) at which point the brightness would decrease by 50%, energy consumption is way down as these sets exceed energy star standards, they are now as thin as LCDs, and burn-in (image retention-IR) problems have been dealt with. Best of all you can get a huge plasma set for much less than its LCD counterparts. Bang for the buck, plasma is where it's at.So now that I decided in favor of plasma I boiled down the available options and settled on LG, Panasonic, or Samsung. LG's have the big 60" option by the very glossy screen is a big complaint to most. If you have any natural light in your room then it will be a problem. Ok LG is out. I do want as large a display as possible so that is definitely a concern. The Panny VT25 is by and large considered king of the hill, even with its outdated looks, but the max size is 54". I have no desire or need for 3D so looking at the Samsung side I can go as big as 58". Some people have had problems with the Samsungs "buzzing" and I watched several youtube videos of these claims. None really seemed that bad to me. That is really the only concern I had with the Samsungs as all other owners report fantastic experiences. I was all but set on the VT25 54" until it came down to finding someone to buy it from. Bestbuy has them for ~3300+tax, but I am interested only in no tax and free shipping. Amazon does not sell these and the one marketplace seller is not an authorized dealer with a sketchy return policy.Ok looks like it's Samsung for me! Now 550 or 6500? There's a $400 difference but is it worth it? The 6 series is the highest level non 3D plasma that Samsung makes and comes with internet apps, more interfaces, cinema smooth, and digital audio. DLNA is enabled in both which is important to me. I felt that there were enough differences in the 5 and 6 series to justify the additional price bump. Very glad I did because this thing is fantastic. The picture (both SD and HD) is incredible and the default color modes are more than enough to satisfy my needs. The sound is ample and it looks soooo good on my new Horizon N702 TV stand!Amazon shipping was great. I received a call from the freight company to set up the drop off as well as a 1-hour window call. They came to the house, unboxed the TV, moved it to my stand, and powered it on to make sure it was in good working order. Very pleased with the delivery process.My favorite things about the C6500:-This thing is THIN, heavy, but very very thin-Viewing angles are amazing and there is NO discernible glare from the screen whatsoever-Screen mode changes are very simple: 4:3, wide, 16:9, screen fit. Easy, for your non HD channels just put it into wide mode to fill the screen.-Source changes are very intuitive. When I power up the PS3, the 6500 knows not only what it is, but that I would want to use it right away. It auto-moves the source HDMI input to the PS3.-DLNA works great. I can stream high-def movies from my Windows7 or NAS devices and output Dobly 5.1 sound via the optical jack on the 6500. Very cool! I used to use my PS3 for this. Just hit source and it sees all DLNA devices on my network. Folders can be drilled down into on any. Please note that my 6500 is using hard-wired ethernet via powerline adapters, no wifi.-The internet features are nice. PANDORA!! youtube, facebook, hulu... Inputting your usernames and passwords is a massive pain but once that is done this feature works very well. Pandora even bounces around the TV to help prevent image burn.-The musical turn on and turn off sounds are very pleasant. :)-No buzzing