This is a great TV.Blacks are BLACK, no ghosting (even when playing video games) and the smart internet features are to die for.You can watch netflix on this TV, hulu plus on this tv, and watch movies off your thumbdrive all on this tv (just connect to the internet).This means if you own this tv, you can just set it up in your room and you won't need to have anything connected to it if you don't want to.The sound is quite good and the size of the screen is the be seen to be believed.I moved to an apartment and I couldn't have a big TV simply because I had to take it up the stairs (not fun when carrying a monstrous tv).Luckily with the new samsung it's just the right size that I can carry it up the stairs myself without issues or strain.I have my xbox connected and my ps3 connected the picture quality is to die for.I bought the HDMI 1.4 cable to connect everything up, and I use the optical out from the TV for my headset (allowing me to use virtual surround sound in my apartment via a set of high end headphones).Over all this is a great tv, and a great value for the price.  You can do a lot with the TV and the apps bring a whole new level.My favorite part about this TV is just how black the blacks are when watching a movie.  I haven't seen videos look this good ever.Just make sure you spend the time to get the picture to look right, otherwise your results will vary (when I first got the TV, everything looked like a spanish soap opera due to the 240 hz) so it pays to read up.Bottom Line:This is the best TV you can get at the best price right now.  3d is still new, so maybe next year changes will happen and maybe a better TV will come out with better 3d support.  I wouldn't buy this TV just for 3d support (though I can't lie, I'm looking forward to playing 3d games on my ps3 now with it), instead I would buy this tv because the picture is the best you can get.Blacks are black, the sound is very clear and the video quality is to die for, the pictures look so vivid and life like it's better than being there.My favorite feature for this tv isn't skype (which is just awesome), it's not hulu or netflix (again, amazing), nor the ability to plug in a usb hard drive or a USB thumbstick and watch videos off it, nor is it the fact that the TV puts off very little heat, uses little power, and features little to no glare.Nope, my favorite feature is something that might be overlooked by many people, it's the optical audio out.  This means I can use HDMI on every device I hook up to the tv, and output the audio from my TV.This isn't important if you're using surround sound (which I only can on select days), but it is important if you're going to output the audio to a virtual surround sound headset (like those from Turtle Beach or Astro) which I have to use to fully enjoy sound in my apartment (due to the neighbors complaining about loud explosions, screams, and other mayhem...)By having the optical built into the TV, it eliminates a lot of cables and devices.  No longer do I need to switch optical cables each time I go to a different source, everything is handled by the tv.  If I want to output to the tv and not the headset?  Just change the option in the menu and you're good to go.This is a well thought out TV that offers premium features at a decent price.  It really delivers a great viewing experience.  Highly Recommended.