Let me start out by saying I'm a perfectionist.  Ya know how there are people out there who REALLY know what the hell they're talking about and then there are people who kinda do?  Of course we all know that they are the people who don't know crap.  Well, without being arrogant, let's just say I know my TV's.  I've spent countless hours tracking the best TV's for the best prices and the best picture.  The reason I come on so strongly here is because I bought a 40 inch no namer to try and save some money and it was the biggest mistake ever.  I then decided that would never happen again. My father always said:  "You buy S&%& you own S%^%"  How true that is.  So I went down and looked at the HDTV's and picked out the best picture on the wall and low and behold it was the Philips.  This surprised me because I was expecting to pick out a Samsung.  There's no doubt they make a kick ass TV but in the end, I feel like I got the best TV money could practically buy for AT LEAST $200.00 less than a Samsung.I read the reviews here about the TV having a 3D picture and I kinda blew that off cause I always wonder what kind of people they are and if their reviews are worthy of my trust.  But let me say it IS ABSOLUTELY true.  I threw on Pirates of the Caribbean and it was amazing the field of depth in the movie and the 3d imagery.  It's like looking into the picture as opposed to looking at the picture.  There are people here who have said that it's almost TOO real looking and there's some truth to be said about that but nothing you can't fix by clicking over to the "movie" setting and getting that feel you want for the flick.THEN I was blown away when I saw an HD signal coming into this baby.  The DVD I had played wasn't blu ray.  Let me just say it's breath taking.  The picture on this TV is BY FAR the best thing about it and I would dare say extremely hard to beat.  I would buy this TV a thousand times over.  The only complaint I have about this TV is the sound.  As people said before, the speakers shoot behind the TV supposedly to give it a surround kinda sound but really all it does is muffle it a bit.  However, if you look carefully you'll notice there are two other speakers that shoot down from the TV and that kinda helps the clarity, the TV has 4 speakers.  I would recommend a surround sound set up for this baby.  If you're not into sound too much then don't worry, it's just fine for your average listener.  LASTLY, there's no RCA Audio out to run to your audio set up.  However there is a head phone out jack that you can use to send the signal out.  All you have to do is go to radio shack and get a transfer cable, from headphone to RCA.  HOWEVER this does turn off the audio from the speakers on the TV, so be sure that you are aware of this, that you can't send the sound out AND also use the TV speakers at the same time too.In the end I've had this TV for about a week and it's the most amazing TV ever.  EXTREMELY under rated and if you want the best picture, you've found it.  I'm glad I did.Peace!