This is a review for my Samsung PN59D550, and let me say, that I LOVE this TV.  Hands down, best TV that I have seen at any home (media room) and it's all mine!  Yes, I'm sure that you could spend twice as much and get the Samsung 8000 series and be more impressed, but unless you are a pro, you'll never notice the difference without the 2 TV's side by side.I brought it home and hooked it up to HDMI feed through my PS3, and started to put on different material to test it out.  Tried "Dark Knight", and "UP" and the colors on this thing are outstanding.  Blacks are extremely good as well.  I was always so used to my LCD's that I didn't really know how good plasma's blacks can get.  I do have a dedicated media room though with blacked out windows, so take that into consideration.  Also I played a little Uncharted 2 for the PS3, and almost brought a tear to my eye......This thing is the best TV that I have ever owned.  I have owned 2 DLP's, a few LCD's, and some of the old Sony Bravia CRT's.  All of which I paid almost double what this TV cost me.  Funny how electronics seem to get cheaper and better each year?The only thing that buyers should be aware of is that this has a pretty reflective screen.  This could be a problem in a bright room, but since I have a dark room, I prefer the glossy glass.I was able to tweak the settings a little bit, and it only gets better.  I have not experienced anything that others have mentioned about "floating blacks", pixelation, or contrast and brightness pops.  I have only had it for a day though.  I am currently breaking in the set with the color palettes from AVS forum, and will then do an AVIA calibration.  I have noticed that on the color palettes that show up, that my screen is completely uniform (no bright, dark, or odd colors), which is something that I cannot say for both of my LCD's.  I may do an update to this opinion/review later, but right now, I could almost just leave it on Standard out of the box and be pleased.I was considering both the Panasonic 55ST30 and the LG 60PZ550, and after deliberating and researching for over 2 weeks, I went with the Samsung.  I was not able to compare the Panasonic ST30 and this TV side by side, but when I was able to find it in store, it seemed that the Panny was not as colorful, or as sharp as this one.  I always turn the sets to Cinema to compare as the settings are horrible when using Dynamic, or Vivid settings.  Panasonic past plasmas and in-store reps kept pushing me towards the Panasonic, but I just couldn't convince myself that it was better than the Samsung D550.  Maybe if the Panasonic were the same size, and came with glasses then it would have been a tougher decision, but happy I went with the Samsung.  The LG just seemed inferior to the other 2 every time I looked.  I was trying to convince myself to go with LG because it was cheaper, larger, came with 2 glasses, and I think internet apps, but the picture quality just wasn't there for me.  I think it had a better Anti-Reflective screen than the Samsung, but that was about it.  Colors didn't POP, and when watching some HD content, noticed that blacks and other dark scenes were grainy.  The Samsung came with 2 free glasses, and although I think 3D is kinda cheesy, why not get $300 worth of glasses that you can use if you want.All together, I think the Samsung PN59D550 was a great purchase.  Great color POP, good blacks, really good in a dark room, and so far no issues.