First, let me state my wife and I work on TV & motion pictures and consequently very particular when it comes to having a good picture and sound.  I've studied a variety of large format (50"+) LED LCD & Plasma Flat screens for my living room. I can only equate it to car purchasing experiencing. Like most, I'm a true value shopper. High quality @ a super low price.  I researched tons of consumer magazines and online experts including customer comments.  It didn't really reconcile the dilemma of too many choices.  The old saying, "the more you know, the more you know you don't know" holds true. I'm not as TV Tech savvy as a Best Buy TV salesperson and still felt overwhelmed. That said, I understand LED LCD Edge Lit is the "new rage" and Plasma is "fading fast," but I didn't want to get suckered into purchasing a screen just because thin is in or some "expert" told me this is for you. I was foolish and did just that.  I went to Fry's, to buy an LG 55" 9500 3/D for $1,500.  A steal considering msrp is $4,999.  Of course, it was "limited to stock on hand" and they were completely sold out. I met a very nice Samsung Rep, who was very helpful understanding my needs and came home with a 55" LCD/LED Edge Lit Samsung 7000.  My wife took one look and said, "I don't like it."  Nuff said.The "value electronics 2010 Shootout" was the most helpful.  The judging and review by engineering experts & motion picture professionals backed up their top selections and rated them #1-6  with the specific technical reasons why.  The comprehensive coverage of all the major brands will surprise you.  Most people, including myself assume #1 would be priced way up there and not really a "consumer value." It's not true. I was leary of an purchasing on-line but  Amazon addressed ALL of my concerns and offered a price that was too good to pass up. The TV + 2 pair rechargeable 3D Glasses bundle and new Denon 5.1 amp and along with 4 HDMI4.1 cables savings was ~ $1000.00 from the Samsung (which didn't even make the ratings!) and got the best screen per shootout results!The only issue I have is the TV only has ONE AUDIO OUTPUT.  It's not a standard RCA type connector.  It's a DIGITAL or OPTICAL AUDIO OUTPUT.  For those not familiar with new audio technology, a special light emitting fiber optic audio cable is needed to carry the audio signal to the amplifier. If your amp is far away, it may be a serious issue for because I think digital optical cables stop @~ 20 Ft.We are very happy with our choice.  Good Luck!If Picture Quality (pq) means the most to you, then read on...[...]Here are the results; pre is out of the box in THX or movie mode/post is after ISF calibrationWe exposed for the first time the following developments:Joe Kane lent us his personally developed new test disc that has some test patterns that expose flaws never before seen. We had a way to diagnose errors in the color decoding and bit rate limitations of the 8 bit panels as well as incorrect processing to the 8 bit panel.  Not only do these anomalies limit the professional calibrator, they also limit the out of box image quality.Bill Schindler demonstrated how plasma technology enjoys the benefit over LCD in 3D of being able to see an additional dimension the consumer can view from any side and enjoy a richer 3D experience, even while laying down.One of Joel Silver's and Kevin Miller's call to action was for higher bit rate panels.  Currently all panels are no more than 8 bit and some don't process the full or proper 8 bit signal. Joel was Skyped in on Panasonic 58" VT25 while Kevin and Joel reviewed the .pdf presentation displayed on the other shoot-out panels.  Joel showed and explained that Sharp owns 75% and Sony holds the remaining 25% stake in their LCD plant and then discussed Panasonic's new glass manufacturing facilities. Literally almost  1/2 trillion dollars of financial investments in the future of flat panels and great advancements in R&D; and the manufacturing processes.DeWayne, aka D-Nice, Kevin Miller and Ed Johnson reviewed and taught us what they look for in various test patterns.Robert Zohn called for a standards to be established, likely by CEA or another standards organization to establish a method of measuring contrast ratio and have all manufacturer's publish only the approved contrast ratio standard. This way consumers can relay on this statistic when shopping. After all, this is the single most important attribute to deliver the best pq  1. Panasonic TC-P58VT25 3D plasma  pre/post ISF calibration reportDon't select your next flat panel strictly based on who's in 2nd, 3rd and 4th place as they all almost tied for 2nd Sony has a better picture straight on, but quality goes down rapidly when you move off-angle, some judges rated it #2, but the audiences voted in this order  2. Samsung PN58C8000 3D plasma  pre/post ISF calibration report  3. LG 55LX9500 3D LCD/LED Edge Lit  pre/post ISF calibration report  4. Sony KDL-55NX810 3D LCD/LED Edge Lit pre/post ISF calibration reportDon't count out the 5th and 6th place as they all almost tied for 3rd and in a few ways had superior attributes  When the audiences voted on the best picture quality Panasonic was the unimous winner. Voting on LCD's split the votes between Sony and LG  5. Samsung UN58C8000 3D LCD/LED Precision Edge Lit pre/post ISF calibration  6. Sharp  LC-60LE925UN 3D LCD/LED pre/post ISF calibration report