Bought this item on 1-1-11, and once delivered with the 3D Blu-ray player with WiFi, I had to try it out.  I put in a Blu-ray video of the Steelers Superbowl 43 championship run, and right out of the gate I noticed what appeared to be blurry pixelation around the outer edge of the main people on camera when there was a lot of back ground parallaxing happening.  I called Samsung tech support, and they told me to turn off the Motion Jitter/Jutter to off.  Unfortunately that didn't resolve the issue, so they sent a tech out to fix it.  When the tech came to the house he said that the entire panel would have to be replaced.  I told him that I would rather do an exchange with the retailer.  Well when the new unit came in (today) 1-24-11, same thing, right out of the box, however, when I turned off the Motion Jitter the problem was fixed.  Frustrating to have a brand new unit broken right out of the box even if it was a menu option item (first unit).  Also frustrating for Samsung to think that their Motion Jitter is a good option and the default is set to on.  Over all picture with the motion blur gone is excellent with all sources now.  3D...well not a huge fan of it since only certain sections of a movie are in 3D, unlike the 3D world we live in, so for me watching a movie in "not all 3D" isn't enjoyable, not to mention wearing the glasses the whole time, and if you have more people watching having to buy glasses for them blows too.I've read a lot of complaints about speaker buzz.  Well I've had two of these units, and there simply isn't any buzz. In fact I hear more ringing in my ears than buzz from the TV, which should indicate that there is no buzz. I use the built in speakers to watch late night TV since it is perfect for not waking the whole house up with a THX sound system being on.  For movies, I simply run an optical line to the receiver and boom the movie sound is loud and proud.The only two complaints I have is:1). The fact that multiple remotes is required.  I got a Samsung 3D Blu-ray player with the TV, and still there are options on the BD units remote that are not on the TV remote that are needed for internet browsing/streaming, not to mention DirecTV. :(2). Automatic switching of sources doesn't happen for all devices.  This is frustrating, and also ties in with my #1 complaint.  If you turn on your BD unit, it also turns on the TV, and the source is automatically switched, even if the last time you used the TV it was on DirecTV.  However, if later you decide to watch DirecTV or some other source, then you need the TV remote to change the source manually. This wouldn't be a major complaint if it was manual for all devices, but since it does it for the BD unit, why not the other units?