After 9 months of research I found that the Samsung HP-S 4253 plasma out-performs all other plasma televisions on the market other than your hi-end televisions such as JVC and Bang and Olufsen.  I believe this is the best plasma on the market for the price.  The reviews are true about the sound, from this plasma it is not the best, but that is what makes this TV affordable.  One of the reasons why the Panasonic is more expensive is basically the sound system.  The Hi-definition is absolutely unbelievably lifelike.  Be sure to purchase an HDMI DVD/VCR player for the full effect of Hi-def on DVD's.  Though I have found that if something was not filmed in Hi-Def, it exhibits a large amount of contrast, which I cannot find how to reduce. (like Seinfeld dvd's.)I found that the inputs on the Samsung are enough for me.  Even though I would have liked the sd card slot offered on the Panasonic, it is not the reason why you would buy a television.  After finally seeing the Panasonic, Samsung and Pioneer next to each other at Circuit city, it is more than obvious that this Samsung has the greatest amounts of color and brightness.  I do wish there was a DVI port but its easy enough to buy an adapter for your computer.  It does come with a VGA port, which I guess is good enough.The one thing I found to be a bit disappointing is the fact that you cannot use the picture in picture function with other TV channels (broadcasts) if you are using HDMI or component cables.  PIP ONLY seems to work between watching HDMI and Component.  It does not work between Component and Component (meaning 2 sports games at once).  Kind-of a minus for me, can't watch the Yankees and the Giants at one time!!! BUT if you have your cable hooked up via coaxle you can achieve "broadcast" PIP, but there goes your Hi-Def.  (by the way the Panasonic does not come with PIP).I believe the design is exceptional, the glossy black border is new to this 5th generation and it really compliments my living room. The design is very modern compared to most other flat screen TV's.  I also had a horizontal space limitation which completely cancelled out the Panasonic and the Phillips. Be sure NOT to purchase the Samsung HP-S4252, the "2" is last years model, easy to tell the border is not glossy. I still do not understand why Samsung did not incorporate a swivel in the stand.  The new LCD TV's that came out at the same time and have a swivel. Very odd???Packaging, is very compact, and very easy to carry and take out of the box.  It is Samsungs, "lift-up" design.  I got the TV for $1,700 at PC Richards, I did not like Amazon's policy of once it is received that is it you cannot return it...... I wanted to see the TV and make sure there were no imperfections, they also plugged it in and tested it out for me.  Remember PC Richards is not a corporation, they HAGGLE.  Best Buy and Circuit city will not budge with prices.  I also purchased the 5 year warranty, which I highly recommend.Overall I have found so far that the Samsung is an excellent television, it gives off a lot of heat, typical with all plasmas, but other than that I have not had much of any disappointments in my viewing experiences.  This television was well worth the money and I would recommend this to anyone in the market looking for a flat screen television!!!