First off the TV functions good for the most part. The screen is comparable in sharpness and lighting to the M series and it has a semi-matte finish which is a great improvement over how reflective they used to be. I really wanted to like the TV and if it were not for the folowing items I would have gladly kept it and enjoyed it.The reason for this review is to focus on why I cannot keep the TV and it is going back (and to see if anyone else has the same issues). Amazon has aready exchanged the TV for a new one of the same model and both TVs that I revcieved had the same clicking and humming issues (so I assume the issue may be wide spread).1.) When the TV is off, as other users have noted in their review there is a constant clicking coming from what I suspect is the power supply (the rate is about 10 clicks per second). Depending on how well you can hear its very noticible when behind the TV, If the room is quiet (its in our bedroom) I can hear it from about 10 feet away. The clicking stops as soon as the TV is turned on. Both TVs that I got had this issue.2.) When the TV is on there is a noticible hum or buzzing noise that comes from the back middle of the TV panel. It seems to be linked to the backlighting intensity. I had to turn down the backlighting to 40-50 to lessen the humming.  The sound from the speakers makes it so that you cant hear the humming but once a quiet period comes up I can easily hear the humming from 10+ feet away.  The sound is not coming from the speakers as I have run tests and it is coming from one of the backlighting components. Both TVs that I got had the same issue, the last one seemed louder by a little.3.) The remote/sensor is not good at all and the area of forgiveness on where you have to point it to make it register is laughable.  The first TV seemed really picky and at only worked in about a 1-2 foot radius around the bottom left of the TV (it did'nt matter on how far I stood away it just had to be pointed in that specific area.  The replacement TV had a better range of about a 5-6' radius around the bottom left of the TV.  I tried new batteries, nothing infront or near the sensor, nothing helped. Pretty annoying. I bought the Qwerty Vizio remote and it worked slightly better on the last set but the keyboard only works for a few select things and many of the Apps do not allow the keyboard input so its pointless, which brings be to the last issues.4.) Maybe they will fix these with updates later, but the Smart TV Apps are archaic and missing many features. I got this model because the smart TV side was supposed to be improved with a better processor (the apps load at a decent speed improved over some other brands or older versions of Vizio). Using Youtube is a joke since it does not allow keyboard input on this App (couple that with the finiky remote and good luck typing with the bad scroll select), I had to link it to my smart phone to type but the video which played fine before became very choppy and stopped a few times when trying to use phone link to play.  I was hoping to be able to get by with the TV Apps but as it is I will have to buy another Roku or Apple TV to get any resemblance of a decent user interface.The TV would be good if it were not for these issues, I would have liked to rate it a 4 out of 5. Although after getting two sets that have the exact same issues I cannot recommend this TV. I am worried that the clicking and buzzing are signs of a faulty power supply or capacitors etc. Im going to give it a week then this second set is getting returned and I will not be getting another of the "2014 E-series B" models again.In short, anyone who has this model please check for the clicking and humming issues decsribed above and respond to this. I want to know how many others have this issue.