Like others who have purchased this television, I was just amazed by the picture quality.  Absolutely beautiful. In fact, I was really impressed by the overall appearance of the television itself.  What I could not tolerate was the buzzing!  Upon receiving my second Samsung C8000 plasma (the first had to be refused b/c of an end to end crack in the screen), I was incredibly excited.  I hired the Geek Squad to mount the television and set-up my Onkyo surround sound.  As the technician was showing me how to use the various components, he and his assistant stopped and asked "what is that buzzing."  Uninitiated by myself, he went through and double checked the various components to ensure that it indeed was the television making the buzzing noise. After deciding that it was, he stated that in five years of setting up home theater systems he had never heard such a loud buzzing sound from a television! He said this had to be damaged and when he returned to BB, he would place an order for a new television. Now, he did say that he had set-up one other c8000, a 58" version, and had not heard such a loud buzzing, so it is possible that non-buzzers exist (or at least televisions with a more subtle buzzing noise).  And I should also state that all three of us in the room (and later a fourth person who double checked on it) were all men under the age of 30.  And I am at a fairly high elevation (around 5200 ft). Variables that others have cited as potentially leading to a more intense buzzing experience.Anyways, I had the television for a week and bzzzzzz. Intolerable. I mean just horrible. What is the point of a high end television and high end surround system if I need to sit to the side to drown it out(as others have said) or crank the receiver volume up. I mean, I literally felt as though I was sitting under a power line.So the second television arrives a week later and it is the exact same experience.  I sat there staring at it for 4 hrs trying to decide what to do with it, but could not justify spending so much money in order to try and live with the television.  Soooo, my Panasonic 65VT25 should be here by next weekend.I am not sure why some people have not had major issues with this.  I mean I have high end monster cables, had this thing professionally installed and EVERYBODY heard the bzzzzz. For me at least, it was not subtle. If I can hear it, it is too loud. I just cannot understand why people are considering keeping a $3300 television that buzzes, when you can pay a $1000 more for a panasonic that has fixed the black level issues. Or even purchase a smaller version of a pansonic at the same price point or switch to led/lcd.  If you do not have the buzz, than you are very lucky and got yourself one heck of a television. If you do and it bothers you, don't settle.Moral of the story. Purchase the television from Amazon, Best Buy or some other store with a GREAT return policy.  Samsung costumer service will likely say the buzzing is normal and I would have been one unhappy camper if I had had to keep this television.Good luck with your shopping!ps. This television seems particularly fragile, even for a plasma. If you order from a store with a poor return policy, make sure you go over it with a fine tooth comb before accepting delivery.