Hi! I just wanted to write a review for the people that are still on the look out for this plasma.First of all let me start off by saying that i placed the order on Feb.08(weds) and was suppose to receive the tv on Feb. 15(thurs.). Well lucky me the delivery company Ceva called me on a Monday 12 two days early! Woh was i Happy!!! This Pn51d7000 plasma is my first big screen. And my first plasma!! (I'm comming from a Lcd 32'' Samsung a touch of color 720P tv) And I love it!!! I was scared at first because of the screen burn in and the buzzing i kept reading about on other forums. Well I tried my best to run the tv as much a possible to speed up the process on the aging. Iv'e seen temp. image retention when i watched blu-rays with the black bars. But as soon as I run regular(Full screen) tv it  goes away within several mins. or so. I Noticed as the tv aged the retention has minimized. I still get a little when i watch the movies with the black bars but im not scared any more that it won't go away. But i am still on guard all the time about me falling asleep with it on. Eeesh you never know! I personally think that if your not very cautious with things and don't like to baby things.. this tv isn't for you. This plasma tv isn't as sensitive as they use to be but image burn in is always around the corner if your not careful. Like i said i'm coming from an Lcd tv in which i used it like crazy as a computer monitor and continuously fell asleep and would leave the tv with still images and never did i have a prob. with burn in. So it's taking some time to get used to, but I love the big images and beautiful and very accurate colors on this plasma! :) So i'm good with it but i don't think this tv is for everybody.. well plasmas in general. Oh and before i forget!! I don't get any buzzing at all!!! I like to believe that i have excellent hearing and will notice the slightest of sounds and I have not heard a peep from this tv. Well the only time i heard anything was the first time it was turned on. Because the tv was coming from a colder environment and is common for you to hear the poppings when you turn it on. I live in the Rio Grande Valley in south Texas so were not that far above sea level to cause any extra pressure on the plasma.(That's usually the cause of the buzzing in plasmas). Other than that i don't think there are any negatives besides the temp image retention. This tv up to now has preformed at perfect performance(IT is now March 14, thirty days or so after) Actually now that i'm thinking about the tv i am absolutely happy with the tv! All the picture calibrations that you can do(Leave it to Samsung) with this tv and you can save each one for each output( Such as when you use HDMI or antenna ect.) There is so much that comes with this tv that I don't think that i will be able to fit it all in this review. One thing I have tried on this tv is the 3D. I purchased ''Cloudy with a chance of meatballs'' and WOW!! It is awesome!!! I showed it to my girl friend who at the time had never seen the new 3D(Oh by the way we used the Samsung 3050GB glasses which worked awesome!) and absolutely loved it!!! 3D is considered gimmicky at the moment because there isn't a lot of content but if there was I seriously believe it would be an awesome experience for everybody! If done right, like with this Samsung pnd7000!!! :) Other features such as the internet and apps worked well but a little sluggish. No where near what a computer can do. I mean it's a cool feature to have but I rarely use it. It's to slow for my patience lol . Before i end this review i would like to apologize for the sloppy review. I was all over the place and didn't write my paragraphs right lol. But i was feeling lazy and just wanted to have my review for others to know more about this tv and to help them decide when the the time comes to make that purchase!!! :) Well i will be updating in a month or so on how my tv is going. hopefully it is still running with out a prob. ;) I am pretty confident that it will. The feel of the tv helps me know that i didn't buy some cheapy at Wal-mart lol ( Not that there isn't any thing wrong with that lol) So good luck on your decision making and if your in the look out for a plasma i highly recommend this one. ;) The picture quality will leave you in aw[...] :) PEACE!!!