After researching for 3 weeks, I was set on a Sharp TV.  Sony was too expensive for my price range, and while I read a lot of good things about Samsung, this TV's features for the price sold me.  After having it for a little while now, this is how I would rate it.Price - Excellent. 4.5/5  Sharp was the cheapest prices between the top 3-4 brands I looked at that had a familiar name and plenty of reviews.  I did examine other brands with lower prices on 1080p TVs, but I couldn't really obtain enough informational reviews or enough good ones to justify purchasing any of them just for the lower price.Picture - Excellent. 4.25/5.  I'll be honest, I was a little worried when purchasing a Sharp TV.  First of all, I saw it's previous model (the D62U) at a Best Buy and a Circuit City and was not totally impressed with the picture, but I had heard that sometimes bad feeds or other issues can make a store-display not as attractive.  However, my real concern was if my TV would have the infamous "banding" that seemed to plague some of Sharp's earlier models.  You can easily find out what banding is by searching something like "Sharp banding issues".  I won't go into specifics myself about that.  Anyway, I had read this model of TV -can- have banding, but that it is not near as common nor as significant in earlier models.  My TV has no noticeable banding issues at all, and I'm not going to go out of my way to nitpick and search for any small issues that may be there as I can't see them now.As for the picture itself, it is great.  Much better than the store displays for the earlier model that had me worry.  Obviously, out-of-box settings aren't the best.  At first I tried to change picture modes (of which there are several) to a User setting and tweak it using recommendations from some tech forums.  This became tedious as people posted different specs and none were really quite looking right for me.  So I gave up on that and just tried them on the default settings for what I was doing.  I set my HDMI PS3 input to Gaming picture and it looks great.  I see no reason to change it beyond that, it looks exactly as I was hoping for.  Same with the Movie setting as well for my DVD input.  No dead pixels and a crisp clear picture with good contrast black levels and brightness make it a great choice.Plenty of options available for picture adjustment as well.Features -  Very Good. 4/5  Plenty of inputs.  You can read the specs in the item description.  My only reason for docking it a point is because the 3rd HDMI and 2nd Component are located on the side and stick out when plugged in.  I can understand this could be an eyesore for those wall-mounting it or just not wanting to see them sticking out.  I am not using that 3rd HDMI port (yet), but I do have 2 component items hooked up and the cords sticking out the side and noticeable from looking at the TV straight-on plus the location of my TV itself does make it a tad annoying, but I am getting used to it and it's not really bothering me as much as it might others.Overall - Excellent. 4.75/5 (note, the overall is not meant to be an average of the other scores).  Overall, it's definately a great buy.  There is more that I could say and some things I have probably forgotten about that I wanted to say, but that's ok.  I don't want to make this too awful long a review.  So, yeah, basically my experience with this TV is amazingly good  and I would easily recommend this TV to anyone who asked me.  It's price, features, and picture easily won me over.