I received this TV on September 22, 2010 after waiting about a month from ordering it.Up to a week ago, the TV worked just fine.  Beautiful picture and good sound.  I WAS happy with it.Just before the picture went black I heard a "click" sound and pop - no picture.  I called Samsung tech support and the guy I talked to told me to unplug the TV, wait 30 seconds, and plug it back in.  Tried it - didn't work.Samsung set up a local repair shop to fix it.  I received a phone call from the repair shop and the guy scheduled a next day visit.  He told me that I would need to have the TV go to the shop.  I was not ready to hear this.  The shop kept insisting up until the repair guy got here.  I told him the TV isn't going anywhere.  I didn't want it laying in some corner forgotten about.  After all the TV was over $3000.00 and it's only 3 months old.The shop finally agreed to making however many trips it might take to repair the TV.  Seems the TV has 5 boards inside and Samsung will only ship one board at a time.  At first they thought it was the power board or whatever it's called.  They came back a couple days later with a replacement - that wasn't the problem.  They also had 2 other boards (the repair guy said they got lucky and Samsung sent 3 parts.  Of course, those two boards weren't the problem either.So he said next they will get another board and if that doesn't fix it, one more board.  He told me he didn't think the other 2 boards will fix it either but they have to go through this process.  He told me thinks it's the flat panel (the screen) itself that's no good.  I was in disbelief.  If that turns out to be the case, then just about every part has been replaced.I asked him why would this happen to a relatively new TV since I've never had a TV go bad this quickly - in fact quite the opposite as most TV's have lasted me many years.  He told me they make these newer plasmas and LCDs/LEDs so cheaply they are not made to last long.  They work great for a short time and then the buyer is out of luck after the warranty is up.If I knew this I would never have bought this TV.  I'm currently using a small Toshiba (20 inches) I've had for 7 years.  I bought a bunch of Christmas blu-rays to watch for the holidays but honestly the Toshiba is too small to enjoy watching anything.I cannot recommend this TV to anyone.  And from what I was told, I don't think I'd trust any other brand of this type either.  These TVs are new technology so they haven't been around long enough to test their durability.Over $3000.00 for a TV that lasted 3 months is what it comes down to.  And that's just the cost of the TV.  Figure in a 3-D blu-ray player, a 1.4 HDMI receiver, 1.4 HDMI cables, and 3-D blu-ray movies and it's closer to $5000.00.Even with an extended warranty the time you're without the TV for repairs makes this a very bad purchase.---------------------------------------------------------------------------UPDATE: (February 4, 2011)Samsung was SUPPOSED to ship a replacement TV of same model over a month ago.  They didn't.  They said they forgot to order it.So, about 2 weeks or more ago, they "said" they would refund me the purchase price.  I e-mailed them the invoice from Amazon.  They received it and I was contacted by a lady by the name of Trisha (X 5613) who told me the refund was approved and I should have a check in 2 weeks.  It was odd that she never mentioned anything about having the original TV picked up (it's been sitting in the middle of my living room since before Christmas).Today I called Samsung 4 times.  I spoke Juliana (X 5610), Wendy (800-Samsung) and on the phone presently with someone else.  The original person who approved the refund (Trisha) would not call me back after I've tried calling her every other day for the last week.  Someone did call me back and left a message that was mostly impossible to make out clearly what she was saying.  But I did hear her say my refund was refused.  This is why I'm on the phone once again with Samsung.I've been lied to over and over again by Samsung and I have become extremely wary of any promises they make.  And from what the lady I'm currently talking to has told me is that refund was rejected but it could be because whoever filled out the forms had misspelled some words or numbers.  I was told to call back next Wednesday or Thursday to find out the the status as the refund had to be resubmitted today.So I will update this once again next week and if this is prolonged even further (which I think it will be) I'll continue to update for anyone even considering purchasing a TV by Samsung.