This is an excellent TV, but I do have some major headaches before I had the TV set up and working. To begin with I ordered it from Tiger direct. It took them two weeks to make delivery. The set was in broken condition. I didn't realize this until I had it totally unpacked. The set was also delivering by a local trucking company. It took another week to return the set. Toshiba does not do a good job in packaging the set. I would do whatever it takes to have the delivery driver wait, while you open the package and check for damage. The second time I ordered through Amazon. The set was delivered by UPS and was undamaged. It took less than a week. I have a strong suspicion that those people that gave the TV set, bad reviews had a TV sets that were damaged in shipping.Positives. Television has an excellent 2-D picture the 3-D picture is very good. However for 3-D only the angle of view should be straight on, otherwise the 3-D image will be distorted. In 2-D mode, angle of view was not a consideration. It is best to hang this TV on the wall so you can adjust the angle. If you plan to put it in an entertainment center. The TV should be at a height that is dead center of your viewing position while sitting.Negatives the set does not have a very good sound system. However most TV's in this category don't. So to get maximum enjoyment a home theater sound system is a must. I bought a Sony home theater sound system and a Samsung smart Blu-ray player. It took me quite a while to adjust everything. Of course I was looking for the best sound system for the money and the best Blu-ray player for the money. I got what I wanted but I had to do a lot of tinkering. So if you're going to buy the Toshiba TV, buy the Toshiba home theater sound system and smart Blu-ray player. While mixing and matching can work excellently. It is a lot of extra work unless you are a fanatic when it comes to sound.It does take an extra few seconds for the TV to turn itself on. And another couple of seconds when you turn the home theater sound system on. It is obvious that these components are talking to each other and making adjustments depending on whether you're watching 2-D or 3-D or Blu-ray or PlayStation or whatever.In closingMy system is all hardwired together including my computer. Wi-Fi is acceptable but I hardwired system always Works best. Make sure you get quality cables for your components. There are many other TV sets on the market, which you will pay a lot more money for. But you're not going to get a better picture. Occasionally this set is on sale for less than $900. I bought mine for about $850, so be patient and you can get a really good deal.