I was originally planning on buying a 60 inch LG 1080p plasma tv, but after I saw this at Target, I really couldn't pass it up. For my apartment, I know I am not going to miss that extra 9 inches, and after seeing the picture quality ("only" 720p resolution), I'm sold. Plus it has 3D capability (not that I really have a use for it) and I saved almost $400.This is my first Samsung tv, and after a week I am seriously in love with this product. Setup out of the box was simple. I purchased the Walker Edison Regal 60-In. 4-in-1 TV Stand with Mount, and mounted on the stand it looks gorgeous. For anyone looking for a nice stand, this one is great, and it makes mounting your tv very easy.I had the tv out of the box, mounted and hooked up in maybe twenty minutes. After that it's pretty much just the fun stuff. I had my laptop hooked up to it and was watching The Mentalist as I adjusted the color settings, which look a little strange at first. Default settings seem to be set at some kind of energy saving mode, and I was worried that the brightness displayed when I first turned it on was as bright as it went. Not so, of course, there is a vast range of picture options available, and it only took maybe 10 minutes to get a setting I was happy with.Picture quality even watching The Mentalist (which is DVD quality) was amazing. The colors are really vibrant, and the contrast really is something you have to see. I had read countless reviews saying that plasma's are better for contrast, or for deeper blacks, but having been around primarily LCD's all my life, I really didn't know what I was missing. I am really looking forward to watching something of Blu Ray quality on it, I already know it will be incredible.The only real con, of course, is that being plasma, the screen surface is highly reflective. I got this tv to go in my new apartment, and while in my old bedroom I could see a reflection of the blinds behind me, it is even more noticeable with this tv if the picture on the tv is anything dark (less noticeable for lighter colors, obviously). It is a bearable distraction right now, as I'm still a bit punch-drunk over this tv, but I have also purchased the Redi Shade 1617201 Black Out Pleated Shade 36-by-72-Inch, 6-Pack to try to cut down all the light so I can have unimpeded daytime viewing as well. I have two large windows and a huge sliding glass door in my living room, so it will be a challenge, I'm sure. I will update once that is set up.For now though, I am extremely happy with my tv. If you have a Prime membership, I would recommend buying from Amazon since there is no tax and that will save you almost a hundred dollars. If anything changes I will update this review, but all things being equal, I think this tv will last me quite a long time. Highly recommended.