Bought the 50" version of the TV for my parents as part of a new entertainment center surprise for Christmas.  I'm extremely satisfied with this TV for the purpose of TV and movies, it far surpasses anything I've seen on the LCD LED front.  The picture quality is fantastic, there are no words to describe how far the technology has come in the past couple of years, not to mention the price drop.  I personally own a 720p 42" Panasonic TV which has excellent picture quality and this 50" GT30 runs circles around it.  Unlike LED LCDs, this TV does not ghost in fast action movies.  I don't recommend the default THX settings... instead set it to THX and tweak the Color lower to 45 and the Contrast slightly to get accurate skin tones and color.  This TV set goes well paired with a Panasonic Dmp-bdt210 Blu-Ray player... another excellent product. The TV or Blue Ray remote can be used interchangeably without programing them. With the player, DVDs look just as good as the Blu Rays do.  The wireless internet connection works great, however don't have high expectations of full internet with this TV as everything is through an app... much like an iPhone.  Netflix, Hulo, and a special news feed version of Facebook work great.  Have not tried the Skype application but my parents want to use it when they get a compatible web cam.  There is no functionability yet viewing for email or web searching without hooking up a stand alone computer. Remember, its just a TV and who would have ever thought of having Facebook or streaming movies directly to it a few years ago?  There is a ways to go with the technology but I don't consider it a con because the TV does very well at what its designed to do.One con I want to mention was that my 42" Panasonic TV came with a universal remote 5 years ago in 2007...  In 2011, this GT30 comes with an almost identical remote however its only universal with other Panasonic products -- its missing the buttons on the top to program as a full universal.  If you're looking to consolidate the TV, blue ray, receiver, and cable/satellite box on one remote a universal remote purchase is needed if non-Panasonic products are mixed into the system. I don't recommend Home Theater in a box so its a given.  I wish Panasonic would go back to the other remote as its a nice remote that is easy to read with big buttons and it has a simple layout unlike other brands.My parents received this TV with BDI furniture Cirrus 8158 in Expresso color [...].  The furniture is expensive but well built and worth the price.  It looks like it could out last the TV unlike the crap sold at other stores.  They also received a Marantz SR5006 receiver and Klipsch Reference series speakers in 5.1 arrangement.  My parents are very pleased with this present... prior to it they had a 27" Sanyo TV and a 2.0 Stereo system daisy chained with coax and RCA cables to make it work.To put in a plug, I went through a local dealer who will setup and install the TV and media center: [...].  I highly recommend them if you are in the Wisconsin area and want professionals to assist in making your home theater top notch.