I'm not a tech geek but did a lot of research, looked at quite a few TV's in stores and read many reviews. I was mostly comparing Sony & Samsung but also took a look at Toshiba. In fact, I had pretty much decided on Samsung and then had a change of mind. These brands all have some good quality sets.I chose this Sony because the previous (non-HD) Sony TV we had was still working great after 10 years with no problem and I felt more comfortable with their reliability ratings in Consumer Reports. Another reason, like others here on Amazon is the less reflective screen.  I had decided to go with a "W" series Sony with the 120hz motion enhancer but decided to upgrade to the "Z" series when a really hot price came out. When I purchased it, the Z was only $100 more than the W series TV and was $1000 below the list price, which turned out to be $500 less than the popular local big box department store. Plus free shipping, no sales tax and white glove delivery. The Z series has a couple of upgrades to enhance the picture and network other tech devices in your house (which I don't need right now, but you never know down the road).As far as delivery, no major problems. It took less than a week for delivery. I was pulling up to our driveway and the delivery truck had pulled up a few minutes before me. There was just one guy and I saw him drop the TV slightly as he was trying to lower it onto his cart, so I would recommend making sure you are there to help get it out of the truck and carry it in. Not a real heavy TV but a little bulky for one person.  But the TV was packed very well and had no damage.The driver helped put it on the TV stand and I hooked up cables to make sure we had a good picture and there weren't any initial problems while the driver waited for me to do so.When I thought I was having a problem at first with HD channels, I called Amazon to ask some questions on what to do (Sony wasn't much help but given my problem I can understand why, it wasn't an issue with the TV). Amazon was ready to replace the TV instantly if needed. I decided to troubleshoot some more and figured out my DirecTV receiver needed to be reprogrammed. But my point with this is Amazon was great on the phone and they were ready to back-up the product they sold.We are really happy with this choice. I like sports but watching golf on TV has never been a favorite for me. But while flipping channels I found myself mesmerized when I stopped to watch it in HD on this Sony.Keep in mind, you will notice a big quality difference with HD channels even on a good set such as this.