Pros:- CHEAP! (for it's screen size)- Quality a lot better than expected!- EASY setup (Took no more than 10 minutes to set up, plug in, scan, and watch [see review under for more details).- Energy Saver! (Estimated yearly savings is a lot lower on this TV than many others [or so they claim).- 3 HDMI ports, one on the side (HDMI port 2), a USB port on the side, and many other plug ports in the back.- GLASS stand instead of plastic (as people have stated the past model of this TV had either a plastic or metal stand).Cons:- Wider than most flat screen TVs; about 1 and 6/8 inches wide (excluding the rounding part on the very back), considerably, but no overwhelmingly, wider than most.*- Will update if anything wrong comes up with the TV; along with the time frame of when it happened / how far from the purchasing point.Highly Recommend this product for those of you in need of a cheap, yet decent (if not, good/great) TV, with 3 HDMI ports. I will update if anything wrong comes up. More details in the review under this.So I was a little skeptical about purchasing this TV initially after reading a lot of reviews about negative aspects (such as the TV not turning on at all, blanking out, horrid customer service, etc.). Despite this, (as the same as a lot of the products I purchase from Amazon), I figured that with the price (I bought it at $300) for a 40" being very reasonable, I thought that I'd go ahead and try this TV out; and boy was that a great choice.The TV was supposed to arrive on the 29th, but it arrived on the 28th (props to Amazon for the speedy shipment; Amazon Prime), so that was a plus. When I opened the box, I was pretty surprised to see that the TV was a little wider than I had expected; the TV was about 1 and 6/8th (approximately) inches wide, excluding the rounding back area, which is considerably wider than most LCD's nowadays. Ex; My Samsung 46" is a lot thinner, nearly half as thin as this. Despite this, I was not too disappointed about the width. As for the set up:The setup was relatively fast, and easy. To set it up, you simply had to take the TV out, place it on a carpet (or the flattened box) upside-down, place the glass stand in it's place, and screw it in. Yes, Glass stand which is a lot better than the plastic ones I've heard the past TCL televisions obtained. Screwing in the glass stand took no more than 2 minutes, and my TV was in place within minutes.Another plus about this television is that, compared with a lot of other Televisions that are 40-46" + 1080p, this TV has 3 HDMI ports (from my knowledge [considering the price as well], most have 2 HDMI ports), including one on the side with a USB port included. Plugging in my cable box was also quick and easy, as it took less than 1 minute to simply screw it in. Now for when the TV was turned on;After turning the TV on, I was prompted to pick a few settings. The TV channel surfing was rather quick to my pleasure (I'd say about 3 minutes or so), and my TV was ready to watch in 4-5 minutes (Grand total of 10 minutes or less to Set up and watch my TV). Initially, I was disappointed with the picture quality, but after browsing through the TV settings, I noticed that the Television was in ECO mode for picture, and after switching to Vibrant, the quality was fantastic! The sound was also clear, I had no problems and had no need to update firmware as past reviewers have stated doing so.As the final test, I plugged in my PS3, and for the first time, used the HDMI cable to get the best quality I could get. Simply plugged everything in, plugged in the HDMI cable, switched to HDMI 2 (which is the HDMI port on the side of the TV), and my PS3 was ready instantly. Overall this TV is great, so far I have had no problems with it, and I highly recommend this TV for those of you with a budget, yet are in need of a decent, if not good, TV. I will update if anything wrong comes up.