I received my 4069f about 10 days ago and just hooked it up after Direct TV installed my HD dish on this past Saturday.  I have the Direct TV DVR and it came with an HDMI cable.  I first noticed a problem when watching football.  On a far shot when the ball is going through the air you see multiple balls.  I then noticed trails when watching Law and Order.  When someone turned their head you would see trailing.  I called Samsung and they stated there is a known issue with this model and I require a firmware update to get rid of what they called triple ball effect.  How do they ship out a product with such a major flaw is beyond me but hopefully the firmware upgrade will correct the problem.  They ship it out to you on a thumb drive and then you plug it into the USB port.  I will post what happens after I receive and install the upgrade.Update 12/28/2007:Okay after writing this review I started to read the reviews for the Samsung 4071f and noticed users were experiencing some of the problems as with my 4069f unit.  There was a good bit of talk about the 120hz being a problem and basically useless.  I went into setup and turned off the 120hz option and poof the ghosting on tv shows like Law and Order and CSI vanished.  Samsung support had me turn off digital noise reduction previously.  If I turn either option on the ghosting appears but with them off the picture is great.  However, the triple ball effect (TBE) is still present when watching football.  I should receive the firmware update in the mail today or tomorrow so hopefully that will remedy the TBE problem.Update 1/16/2008:Okay, as I said in my last update, turning off the Auto Motion Plus 120hz cured most of the problems. I waited for the firmware update to be mailed out but never received it (Samsung input my mailing address incorrectly). They did send me an email with a link to the firmware and instructions on how to do the upgrade. Installing the firmware onto a thumb drive and then onto the tv was pretty straight forward. One thing to note is the email link for the firmware expires in 1 week so download it along with the instructions. Also, the tv will only update if there is a newer firmware version on the thumb drive.I went through and uncompressed the firmware onto the jump drive. Important Note: The firmare is labled for the 4071 model. These models are virtually identical and share the same firmware!!! After loading the firmware I set the Auto Motion Plus to low and the triple ball effect is indeed gone. Samsung recommends setting Auto Motion Plus to low and ONLY for sporting events and other programs with fast moving motion. They say to turn it off for regular programs. Here is the URL to what Samsung says about TBE on the 4071 model:  For some reason the URL won't post but if you go to the Samsung site under Support and then News and Alerts you will see a report for the Triple Ball Effect and LNT series 71 LCDs.  This also applies to the 69 series; I highly recommend reading this alert!