I had the c8000 55" LED for over 3 weeks and loved the bright and clear picture, but it was hard to get the settings right for normal viewing, the viewing angle was atrocious vs. even LCD screens,  and parts of the screen in dark scenes still have some clouding.  I sent the LED back and purchased the c8000 58" plasma.  I'm very happy with it so far, especially after tweaking the settings.  Now, I have all the pop of the LED but with consistent colors, better blacks and unlimited viewing angle.  The details. . . .ProsGreat uniform picture - great price  the $ vs. LED.  Easy to self-calibrate vs. the LED Samsung.Remote is very nice compared to the bluray remote (same as the c8000 LED remote), but I'm using a Harmony 900 for all my components so it isn't used.You can turn off the motion judder canceller and ditch the soap opera effect when watching movies.  Cinema Smooth makes high-end movies look great.Bright screen compared to plasmas I've had.Real 3D content (Monsters v. Aliens) looks great (even with a 1.3 highspeed HDMI cable -- however, 2D to 3D conversion of regular programs gives only nice depth - not pop out 3d.Very thin TV - fairly lightweight for a plasma - nice stand (stainless) and bezel (dark gray), but not as cool in my opinion as the LED version which has a stainless bezel.Netflix app works through both through the TV and the bluray and surprisingly has good pic quality - not bluray like, but close to DVD quality with no glitches (assuming you have a fast internet connection).Much less screen glare than the c8000 LED. This TV does not have a matte screen like many other LCD HDTVs, but Real Black Filter kills the glare much better than the c7000 plasma I saw at BB. Note that the c8000 LED has an incredibly shiny screen, making it difficult to watch in a bright room.Like all plasmas, the screen looks the same despite your seating position in the room.  The c8000 LED has a good picture when straight on - but move a few feel off center and the picture would fade substantially.  No such problems here.ConsTV isn't wifi - need a $80 adapter or have to hardwire it - TV firmware didn't update through the adapter - had to update on Samsung site with USB.Overall a top notch TV that is larger than the LED, has a better and more uniform picture, lower glare, better off angle viewing and is cheaper.  What is not to like?  Here are my settings after having the TV a month.  If you have a bright room or if you like the "pop" of the LED, these settings will blow you away.  If you have a dark basement or watch only at night, dial the CellLight back to 10 or so and maybe put the color on normal vs. cool and you'll be set:CAL-DAY Mode, Cell Light 20, Brightness 50, Color 50, tint 50/50, Sharpness 40, cool, native, MJC off, Filmmode 1, black (darker), dynamic contrast (med), gamma 2, other settings on auto.  Cinema Smooth to "on" but it only works on bluray 24p input.