Buying this Philips makes me feel like a bit of a pioneer; there are no reviews of this fairly new set ... at least any I could find.Compared to other 32-inchers, the specs on the 32PFL6704D/F7 (who names these things?) are pretty impressive given its price-point: 1080p, 120hz and a 2ms response time. Costco prices it at $599 -- about $200 below the MSRP, and about $100 below Dell and Amazon. (Put these specs on a Sony or Samsung and you'll pay about $900, even at the online discounters.)Setup was breezy, and the side-by-side picture quality tool that confronts you on the first boot-up seems pretty handy. You're asked to pick a side of the TV that looks the best, and through a series of 5 or 6 screens the TV determines your preferences. It could be a gimmick, though, because there's the usual array of color, sharpness, tint and other tweaks in the options menu.It took about two minutes for the internal tuner to snap up all the HD-broadcasting stations in the Kansas City area using a simple set of rabbit ears. It was pretty astounding to see a decidedly low-tech antenna deliver HD content and end-run all the hype about needing an HD-capable digital-tier from your cable monopoly. I'm only getting the local affiliates, mind you, but still. (Of course, most HDTVs do this these days, so it's not really something that makes this model stand out.)The picture is fantastic. Colors are crisp, fast-motion sports and gaming are smooth, and I notice the difference between the 120hz refresh rate and the 60hz on other sets. I think I understand why 1080p is lost on a TV this small, but for the price I did well to get it, and I suspect I'll notice a difference when I load up a Blu-ray disc.Standard-def: I was pleasantly surprised that the set did a reasonable job with my SD Tivo. I mean, yeah, it's a comparatively bad picture, but it's watchable. I think many reviewers who hate on their HDTV's ability to process SD content go a little overboard. (Or, maybe I'm just good at managing my expectations.)Gaming: The Xbox 360 looks stunning. No discernable lag. It's that simple.Sound: Read any review of Samsung, Sony, LG or other brands and you'll get complaint after complaint about speaker quality. Flat-panel sets just aren't big enough to house quality speakers. And out of the box, the Philips defaults to the worst of two sound settings. I forget what it's called, but I changed it to the better setting, and it sure was a lot closer to the overcooked "incredible surround" promoted by Philips. It's not incredible, and they know it, and you shouldn't expect 5.1 or even 2.1 -- but the on-board sound is no slouch. I can even pick up a bit of faux-surround, and the settings include an equalizer that you can use to tweak the highs and lows. Overall, I'm pleased.I'll try to update this in the coming weeks. But these are my initial impressions, and I hope it helps others who've been waiting for a review on this one.