I purchased this set after a lot of research online and in various stores, and a lot of penny pinching.  I am more than happy to own this set.First off, it's refresh rate is perfect for fast motion items, such as sports and almost any videogame: there is no lag in what you're doing on the game pad and what you see on the screen.  Many HD's have a "ghosting" effect where an image moving across screen leaves a bit of a trail in it's wake.  This TV doesn't have that problem.  I'm running an Xbox360 on it and the clarity and depth of the image is amazing.  I have an HD cable box as well and nothing else comparable in this screen size and price that I saw in the stores, besides the Samsung, looked nearly this good The Samsung is high quality as well, but it's blacks didn't look as BLACK as the Sony.  So I went with it for it's crispness and refresh rate.  Also found that LCD HDTV's are expected to have a very long life before any picture degrading, the longest of any technology out right now.Another reason LCD is impressive and worth your hard earned cash is because they don't get burn in with any regular use.  This was VERY important to me as many videogames have a constant display (health bars, points, etc.) on the screen and I have seen friends with plasma tv's that were ruined after a couple of months of casually playing video games on them  alongside dvds and tv.  This was the number one reason I was holding off on stepping up to HD, and I'm glad I waited because it was worth it.The HDMI input is AMAZING.  I'm running that to my HD cable box.  I can't wait for HDDVD players to come out, because after watching HD HBO and seeing a movie on it that I own in my DVD collection, well, let's just say my DVD player hasn't been getting much use since I brought this puppy home.  I watch every single nature show on Discovery HD that I have time for, and when you see it yourself, you'll know what I'm talking about. BUT DVD's on a progressive dvd player still look great, just not as good as true HD, and that's not the TV's fault. Really though, DVD's and movies in HD over the cable box look better than seeing a movie in the theater.I have a 6.1 surround home theater set up, all Sony components actually, and the experience is astounding.  Late nights though, my roommate goes to bed and I only run sound through the tv's speakers and the sound is still very clear and has a good range.  If you're not an audio buff, you will be more than happy just playing this straight out of the box.  If you are an audio buff, you'll be impressed, and I'm sure you'll be able to bring it to life with your own setup.Bottom line, if you want an HD NOW, this is the one to get in this size range. But you don't have to take my word for it!