I did a lot of research on LCD TV's, and in my research Syntax Groups kept on popping up. It received very good reviews from most electronics magazines, and so with much antipation I ordered the 30" TV. When I received it I hooked it up to my cable, DVD, and stereo. I immediately had problems. When I tried to route my TV through my stereo system, I found out that by turning my stereo on first, I would loose all power to the TV. The blue light would go out; my remote control would not turn the TV on, nor would the manuel buttons work on the TV. The only way I could turn it on would be to unplug it from the outlet and plug it back in. I called Syntax support and he couldn't figure it out either. I tried using a different outlet for my stereo, but to no avail. I purchased a surge protector, by that did not prevent it either. And now, just the other day, the picture went completely black in the middle of a TV program- no blue screen or anything when I turn it on, although the sound works. It is broke after less than 2 weeks! I am really disappointed. I am considering returning the product back to the on-line store where I bought it from. When it was working, I was completely satisfied with the quality of the picture. This is a good product when working, but I wonder if LCD technology is all that reliable. I might revert back to the old CRTV until they get it right. So if you're thinking of buying one, good luck. I hope it is much more reliable than mine was!April 4: This is an update to my previous review dated March 6, 2005. When I discovered that my 30" Olevia was defective as discribed in my previous review, I decided to call Syntax support to report the problem. They were very curtious and knowledgable and immediately recommeded that I return the TV to them for a new one. Everything was arranged by Syntax. UPS picked up the old one and one week later, right on que, my new one arrived. I immediately hooked it up and it has been running great ever since. At first I had some streaking in fast-action scences, but I retuned the TV with my cable box turned on, and that solved the problem.One week later, my telephone company installed a new digital cable system. This is the latest technology and far superior to the old analog system. Their cable box is a small modem through which comes my telephone; DSL, and cable TV.Some notes of advice: If you have the connections, use the S-Video input on your Syntax to view either cable or Satellite TV. Even though it will not be High Def. it will be much superior to the RF connection. The picture is much brighter and clearer and the flesh tones are great. Also, use your Component connections for your DVD player/recorder. This also is much superior in quality to the RF connection.I am very happy with this TV. I'm glad I made the dicision to return the old one. I would recommend this TV to anyone. I rate this product 4 1/2 stars