Much has already been said about this TV by other reviewers, but I thought I'd point out a few things that stood out to me.1. A pair of 3D glasses is included with the set. It is the upgraded type, SSG-3100GB. (Samsung SSG-3100GB 3D Active Glasses - Black (Only Compatible with 2011 3D TVs)The glasses are designed to accommodate prescription glasses by making the nose piece removable. There are the rechargeable type, with 2 micro-USB cables provided. The glasses can be charged off the TV USB ports (when the TV is ON) or any other usb port/charger.Keep in mind, for 2011 Samsung has changed the way the glasses communicate with the TV. They opted for Bluetooth vs. IR, resulting in 3D glasses made for earlier models incompatible with 2011 TVs. I have seen 3rd party glasses advertised as "compatible with 2010 and 2011 models", so I recommend you be absolutely sure you know what you are ordering.2. If you plan to mount the TV on the wall, the new design uses plastic spacers which render the hardware supplied with most wall mounts incompatible with this TV. Make sure you have the correct size screws to attach this TV to the mount. I used four M8-1.25x25 screws with 2 washers. The screws that came with the wall mount were either too short or too long.3. The built-in WiFi works well. I had no issues connecting to my home network operating at 5 GHz with WPA2-PSK (AES) security, using the WPS option (WiFi Protected Setup).4. The QWERTY remote is included with this TV. The QWERTY side of the remote needs to be paired with the TV, which worked on the 3rd try. I think I had to be closer to the TV for that. There is also a Samsung App for iPhone that turns your iPhone into a remote. Unlike the similar Sony app, the Samsung one does allow you to turn your set off. You cannot turn it on with this app, obviously, because the TV has to be ON for the app to communicate with it. The app works well for what it is.5. I was happy to find out the HDMI-CEC (Anynet+) function was compatible with my ONKYO receiver. Turning the TV on/off also operates the power on the receiver.6. The HDMI Audio Return Channel works as advertised. You have to remember to connect the HDMI cable to HDMI2 port though (marked with "ARC" for Audio Return Channel). Having an ARC-compatible receiver eliminates the need for the optical cable between the TV and receiver for listening to audio coming from DTV tuner or network widgets.7. The picture quality of HD Dish Network channels was not satisfactory right out of the box, and some fiddling with the settings was required. At times, the screen would get a shade or two darker all of a sudden, in the middle of a scene. There are several setting that could possibly have something to do with it, and I had to adjust them one by one until the picture improved.8. 3D looks absolutely breathtaking. My Blu-ray player (BDP) complained that it could not find a 3D TV connected it. However, it was the BDP itself that had its 3D function disabled by default.9. I didn't play with the apps much. At first loading the Internet browser resulted in a blue screen flickering for a few seconds following by the 'loading' icon, and then the sequence repeated several times. After power-cycling the set, eventually I hit some button on the Smart Hub screen, and the TV carried out an upgrade after which the browser loaded just fine. Overall, I found the amount of Content in the Smart Hub a bit overwhelming. I just don't have time to learn about all of them, but that does not mean the TV should suffer in ratings for that.10. On a side note... The current version of the Megamind 3D Starter Kit (Samsung SSG-P3100M Megamind 3D Starter Kit - Black (Compatible with 2011 3D TVs)) comes with all 5 movies included (Shreks 1-4 and Megamind) - no need for vouchers as reported back in March or so. None have subtitles apparently, as stated on the box, and while subtitles tend to detract from 3D, it would have been nice to have that option.