My review is for the 42" model:For my Pro's and Con's, skip down to that section. If you are interested in my experience with the TV, read on...I want to start off by saying that I am a photographer/videographer/musician/gamer, so I have a pretty decent eye and ear for picture quality, audio quality, and latency issues. I purchased this TV because I wanted to try out 3D gaming. I sold my two-year-old 42" Sharp for half the cost of this tv so that I could justify purchasing it, and my goal was to have at least equal 2D picture quality with the added benefit of 3D. When I first hooked up the TV to my computer, it was obvious the 2D quality was sub-par compared to the Sharp. I found the TV had very noticeable latency in regards to response time (the Sharp has an excellent response time), and the video playback was unnatural. The 3D worked well, but there was noticeable drop in picture quality compared to 1080P 2D (passive 3D splits the image to 540P per eye, and I could definitely see the difference). I only had about 20 minutes to play with the TV before work, and I started regretting the purchase decision.The next morning, I finally had some time to sit down and adjust the settings of the tv. The first thing I did was disable almost all of the features on the tv. Doing so fixed the response time issues (in 2D) and fixed the unnatural video playback. If you are looking for deep blacks, you won't find them here. Black levels are a dark grey, but black enough that I'm ok with the overall picture quality. At first I wanted to give a 3-star rating because of this and a few other things, but then I reminded myself that this tv is a fraction of the cost compared to TVs with deep blacks and stunning picture quality. And to be completely honest, I really only notice it when I'm trying to point out what's wrong with the tv. If I start watching a movie, I tend to forget that there are better quality displays. For the sake of time, I will try wrapping the rest of my review up into a Pros/Cons section.Cons-Initial setup has poor-average quality picture/performance (for my eyes).-Blacks could be deeper.-Noticeable drop in quality in 3D.-Sound (I know HDTVs all have poor sound, but my Sharp sounded much better). It's passable, but I ordered my first surround sound unit because of it. Tip: Turn off the audio enhancement features. Before I did, I had volume levels that would continually rise and fall in a poorly managed way.-Latency in 3D gaming. (2D has a gaming mode option. 3D does not.) Although I could play games in 3D, you have to time actions like jumping a little early. I found myself running off of cliffs unless I timed the jump about a quarter-second early.-Stand isn't very sturdy, but it works fine if you don't have to worry about anyone or anything bumping into it from time to time.-Picture controls. Things like switching from 2D-3D or changing picture modes require clicking through a few menu options. I had already expected this from reading other reviews, so it hasn't bothered me too bad. But a dedicated button for picture modes, and the ability for the TV to automatically adjust for 2D or 3D would have been nice.Pros-3D TV around the same cost as bare-bones TVs.-Satisfactory picture quality when setup right. (I highly recommend turning off all of the special features, and then turn them on one by one if you want to get an idea on how they effect the picture.)-Great color depth and contrast considering sub-par black levels.-Feature adjustments are saved to individual inputs. For example, my PS3 settings for gaming are set to HDMI 1. When I switch to HDMI 2, the settings for my PC are automatically saved as a second feature profile.-Gaming Mode for 2D gaming.-Passive 3D technology allows brighter picture and cheaper glasses compared to passive technology (although my movie theater glasses did not work with this tv for some reason)-Overall great TV for the priceI bought this tv to try out 3D, and I think it's a great option for anyone else wanting to give it a shot. Although 3D comes with a slight degrade in picture quality, the added depth tied with the right movie really does enhance the viewing experience. For gaming, I'm not sure if I'll use 3D much. Few games so far use it well, the drop in resolution is distracting in some games, and the latancy issues may be more than acceptable for some. Where 3d really shines is animated movies. I watched Up 3D, and the quality of the 3D really shined over the live action movies I've tested so far. Will the 3D eventually grow old? I guess time will tell. But so far, I have really enjoyed the experience, and I think the quality is high enough to satisfy most consumers.