If your viewing room is bright a ccfl LCD display such as this Vizio should be just the ticket.I bought this display for my Mom who has a home with numerous windows. The TV has to compete with high levels of daytime ambient lighting and reflections. It does so admirably. The panel itself is not of the "glossy" type, which lends itself to reducing the reflections that some other displays ( notably plasmas with their glass surface ) have. In a perfect world, the Vizio would have a limited sheen bezel as well, but this is not the case. Piano black and very glossy.  Connectability:  A full complement of connections are available and well thought out on this display. If you are going to connect any legacy equipment that requires analog connections you will not have the problem of running out of input jacks. (As a side note, be aware of the lower priced models. Vizio has "dual purposed" the component/composit jack pack making that connection an "either/or" situation.) A side jack pack is also available and is handy for temporary hookups.  Ergonomics:  The remote is a classy little brick. The qwerty keyboard on the flip side proves to be very handy if you search frequently for various programming from your cable/sat provider or Netflix/Vudo or similar. My mother immediately said she would never use the keyboard until she found just how simple it is to use in comparison with the standard "letter selection" process normally found as your only option. Well done Vizio. I'd like to see some of the better universal programmable remotes have a qwerty keyboard as well.  Side control options are poorly marked as usual, but since very rarely used, quite the norm.  The stand has an interesting flaw. When properly connected to the panel itself, the display actually leans back a few degrees from vertical. Since LCD technology still requires us to be pretty much centered in front of the display, I found that I had to modify the stance with the effect of pointing the display to the sight line. Since the Vizio is even a touch fussier than some other makers in this regard, I was surprised at the lack of a swivel/tilt stand on this 3d capable display.  Performance:  After making the connections and dialing in the built in wifi for the apps, a pleasantly simply procedure by the way, I immediately noticed the limited viewing angle issue mentioned before. Be aware of this if your seating configuration covers a wide area. Those outside of the somewhat limited "sweet spot" will not have the same viewing experience as the front and center crowd. If you are front and center although, a very nice bright image is viewed. The controls are all there if you wish to adjust for various lighting scenarios and as an ISF tech, I was pleased to see a full complement of drives and cuts to dial in the grayscale in the advanced user section. After setting the black and white level controls, I measured the contrast ratio at nearly 600 to one using the checkerboard ANSI pattern. Very decent for a ccfl LCD display. The primary and secondary color points were spot on and after dialing in the grayscale a bit, film DVD/BluRay viewing in a darkened room (evening in this case) proved the display to be quite capable. The 3D capability with the enclosed passive shades was not tested.  Conclusion:  A lot of bang for the buck here. It is no wonder the once titans of tv's are scratching their heads. Vizio has a fine display here for a well lighted room with a casual viewer as the target market.d6500k