The picture in general and 3D specifically are fine.  I did want to point out an issue regarding the inability of the media reader to recognize and playback video recorded as 2D - 1080/60 from SD cards.  This may be a very big issue if you have purchased a panasonic camcorder  such as the HDC - TM 90P (like I did) with the anticipation that you could just pop the SD card in the rear reader and watch video with ease.  This camera - like many - gives you a choice of recording the 2D files in either  the 1080/60 mode or a lessor (non-progressive I think)resolution.  Like most people, I recorded in the highest resolution available - only to find out that the reader did not recognize the files.  Ironically, it recognized and played the 3D files (you need camera adapter to record in 3D) and jpeg stills just fine.  I was confused because I was certain the files were still on the card and that the pictures were recorded correctly (I had downloaded them onto a laptop with the Pansonic HD writer software that comes with the camera and could see them on the computer).  In addition, if I put the SD card back in the camera and connected it to the plasma with the HDMI, or put the SD card into a Pansonic Blu Ray DVD player - the TV played back the files perfectly.  Tech support was of no help - when I called the camera number, they said it was a TV issue.  When I called the TV number, they first referred the issue for 'research', never called back, and finally sent an email that said it was because I had downloaded the files with their software (and changed the file prefex/name).  However, I had already told the rep I had the same problem with files on the card even if I never downloaded them and put the SD card directly into the TV immediately after recording them.  [although the idea that if you simply download the files with their own software makes them 'disappear' for the tv is another independent problem I would think].A further complicating thought was that the TV could read and play MOI files from an older Panasonic camcorder directly from the card without issue.  Clearly looks like software issue.  Firware was updated to latest with no improvement.  Finally, I went back to camera tech support and confirmed that the problem was probably just that the TV media reader caannot deal with the 1080/60 files on the SD card. In my ignorance, I thought all the files recorded on the camera were AVCHD - but the camera manual (p.79) says that when the 1080/60 is deselected, THEN the files become AVCHD.  I had counted on the AVCHD compatibility with the TV media reader as an indication that it would playback all the files.  Apparently the progressive 1080/60 files are different. Maybe they are still AVCHD, but they are different to the media reader.  Given that I can see the files using other connections, is this a big deal?  To me, at the very least it is a big deal that no one in the TV tech support seems to know this is an issue.  To me, it is a big deal that tech support sends out email answers that ignore the information I provided.  But these are typical tech support problems.  It maybe a really big deal for people who don't have Blue Ray DVD player connected (although in fairness that is probably not many people).  But what is the really big deal to me is the lack of compatibility between some of the more advanced products from the same company. I purchased a Panasonic 3D plasma (vs. Samsung, etc.) specifically because I thought it offered the simplest way of watching my vacation video (which actually NEVER gets watched unless it is very easy to view)captured on a Panasonic camcorder.  I was assured by the camera tech people (it was purchased first) that the TV's would play everything back.  (Best buy people told me same thing)  In the end, maybe that is the 'biggest' deal: that I tried very hard to make intelligent purchases and still screwed up because the people marketing and supporting the products gave me wrong answers.  If someone had simply told me before I bought the tv/camera: 'hey, there is slight pain the in butt that you will have to use the HDMI cable or DVD connection to see the 1080/60 2D files, but the picture will be great and the 3D stuff will work directly...." - I probably would have still bought the equipment.  BUT, I would not have wasted hours and hours of phone calls on tech support trying to find out if I had to send my tv back to Amazon.  In that light, this note it intended to help some poor soul who is frantic because his plasma won't play his/her vacation files off the SD card.