If you are reading this review, chances are that you've read already dozens of other reviews and are just looking for something more recent/fresh, so there is no reason to go over the same points as other reviewers have already covered quite thoroughly.Ordered from Paul's TV (fulfilled by Amazon). Could save $50 while ordering from Electronics Expo but after reading several pages of their rating/feedback, the concerns about their reputation have affected my decision. Plus, a previous TV was from Paul's TV too (fulfilled by Amazon too), so I was biased. I have experience of exchanging/returning three big and heavy (160 lb!) TVs due to defects, so if there is a chance that a seller will send a return item to me scares me a lot! By the way, if you are curious, returned TVs were from Sanyo, Polaroid (with a Samsung panel and electronics inside), and Sony brands.Panasonic has a strong green/ecological program and as a somewhat environmentally concerned consumer, I like their program and it has affected my decision making to some degree.The box arrived via Home Direct (one day late), but the driver has helped to carry it in and unpack (Big Thanks to him!).This TV was version MG1245xxxx and manufactured in September 2011. If it is important for you, the assembly was done in Mexico, but through the vent holes it is possible to see that the panel itself was manufactured in Japan.The sound of the speakers and the inputs/outputs are not important to me. Honestly speaking, if one is willing to spend this amount of money for such a TV, one should be expected to spend $200-$400 on a receiver. In the older days plasma TVs were not real TVs, they were HD monitors and I would be willing to buy this TV for the same price even if it would only have one HDMI input and no speakers.The media player (with AVCHD support) is a nice feature. Thanks to Panasonic for the continued inclusion of the SDHC card reader! Have not tested with SDXC yet.Regarding the black level. If you look at the screen, even when the TV is off, the screen NEVER looks as black as the bezel. When the TV is on, and there is a second or two of black between credits and the action, for instance, then that black does not look as black as the bezel too, and looks a little bit lighter than the appearance of the screen when the TV is off. Some people in on-line forums explain that plasmas have deep blacks that cannot be achieved by LCD and LED-based LCD panels because each individual plasma cell can be turned off completely. Well, I expected a deep black (like the black bezel) in those pixels, but it is not happening (Would it be a case with OLEDs? We'll see in 10 or so years). It's not a con, just to keep the evaluation objective!There was a lot of temptation about a 70" LED LCD Sharp, but paying $600 more for a brand that is valued less than Panasonic seemed to be excessive. Yes, there is a difference in power consumption (P65ST30 consumes 500 watts versus around 300 watts for Sharp), but the quality of the picture and durability are of the higher priority when it comes to this type of the item.Speaking about durability. Although Panasonic is usually regarding as a long-lasting brand, but we all know that some pieces of electronics fail earlier than other, so I've added a 4-year extended warranty from SquareTrade just in case (the experience of returning three other TVs is still in my memory).UPDATE from May 18th, 2012: Not sure whether it is to the fact that this TV is bigger or because it has better dynamic range and better rendition of colors and shadows comparing to a 42" LED LCD by Panasonic, but it seems that while watching all the same movies from Blu-ray discs and from DVDs, now we see more details, which seemed to be missed with the previous TV. Maybe it's a combination of the size and the dynamic range. By the way, a blu-ray player, connected to this TV, is Panasonic DMP-BD45 Ultrafast-Booting Blu-ray Disc Player (Black). It is connected via an expensive HDMI cable. It's the same setup that was used with the 42" LED LCD model.