Updating - 2/1/12:Need to provide an update in order to remain honest and consistent with my review. I returned the LN46D630 for a 51" plasma, the Samsung PN51D550C1. Did so primarily to get a larger screen, but also I fortunately was able finally able to see the difference between LCD and plasma. I mean I knew the difference but a little viewing of the latest Tron movie sold me on plasma. I realized that I liked the plasma better for its richer, smother colors...creamier is what I call it.I always debated the difference between LCD and Plasma, orginally deciding on the favorable brightness quality and minimal abmient light reflection with LCD. I still think the LN46D630 provides very good picture quality, but I think I just love the creamier warmth of the plasma. Now, there is the one thing I am still not 100% satisfied with on the new plasma, and that is the bright vividness of whites. The LN46d630 produces the bright colors perfectly. The PN51D550C1 does not. I am a bit bothered by this even though the rest of my household is not. I might need to find another plasma model. The search for complete (bdugeted) happiness continues for me.Anyway, if you decide you like vividness over warmth and richness then I still highly recommend the LN46D630. Enjoy!(I'll review the PN51D550C1 shortly.)*****Original Review:DGiving it 4 stars ... Why? Because nothing is perfect and I'm sure I could complain about something if I thought long about it.Why 4 stars? The picture is awesome. Awesome compared to the top $$ plasma or 4 color LED, perfectly calibrated to -nth degree by really, really sharp guys? Probably not. But it is really good. I mean, I looked at every TV in the price range I wanted to spend, back and forth between plasma and LCD, Sony/LG/Sharp/Panasonic, 60hz to 120hz ... looked at 1080p and 720p. Keep coming back to the LN46D30 because of it's crystal clarity and bright, vivid colors. That's what I wanted. That's what I got.My second choice was going to be a Panasonic TC-P50S30. The images on that TV was just a little richer, you could tell. Again, the deciding factor was that I couldn't get the brightness I sometimes want or need from the plasma. But you can "tone down" the brightness of the Samsung and still get a really good picture, really nice colors. Liked the Samsung over the LG because clarity seemed a little better. We mostly watch cable, have a xbox 360 for games and netflix, and also have an 1st gen. Apple TV. We're not invested in super video this-n-that. Good sports. Good movies. And some games for the kids. But, still, we want good clarity and realistic colors. Super important! Got that with this TV.The Samsung wasn't too difficult to set up. After a few minutes of maneuvering through the nicely intuitive menu we could watch some pretty good TV. But, you'll inevitably will tweak the brightness, contracts, color levels, etc. to ensure you're getting the best picture possible out of this thing. Have fun with that. I mean it. Have some fun.The sound isn't going to be full and rich like we all used to get from pricey TVs, but I was expecting that; we've all read that this thin panels don't produce great sound, right? So I hooked up a my Denon stereo to the TV and my sound problem was solved. You should plan to invest in some a sound bar or something when buying a new panel HDTV.Haven't notice the reputed light leakage. No lag or motion blur. Nope, none of that. Honestly, some of these reviews are just too much. "Horrible this". "Awful that". "Can't get my black and black as ..." - fill in the blank. My advise for purchasing a new HDTV is know your budget and the size you're looking for. Trust the big guys to put a decent, quality TV out there, get extended warranty, and then let your eyes and preference decide. Yeah, check out to see if the model you're interested in is some a a clunker somehow. I spent some time just looking between all those that fit the profile and decided based on what I liked, not because some guy got a dented box and the picture didn't live up to his Sony Triniton from way back when. I went to the store a couple times before deciding, just because I wanted to be sure and I like doing that kind of stuff. Drooled for all the stuff I wasn't prepared to pay for. Then I got real with it...I made my choice. Got the LN46D30. Very happy I did.Watch the setup display tricks at the store though; what do they say now, the "big box" places--geez! I think Best Buy (etc.) will set up a model with 120hz a little cleaner than the 60hz. 'Tell you 720p for a 42" plasma is not as good as 1080p. A little extra beans for them when you get the 120hz. Funny...I bought a 120z model, ya know. Silly me. Just had to have it.Anyway. Go ahead. Check out this model. It's a really good TV. You'll get what you paid for. Enjoy!