This TV is absolutely amazing. The picture quality is top notch, and after demoing several models from panasonic, samsung and LG, I decided for the price this TV included everything I could ever want. I'm extremely pleased with my decision.  After purchasing a Samsung LED in December, I was left somewhat unimpressed. My first HDTV was plasma and after owning a few LCDs and one LED I decided to go back to plasma. I mostly compared Panasonic and Samsung, but also took a brief look at some of LG's LED TVs. It finally came down to the G25 by Panasonic and this TV, the PN50c7000. Picture quality was the most important to me, so that came first. Both TV's looked excellent in HD(Source was star trek BD), but after demoing the two several times I felt the PN50c7000 had the edge. I consulted one of my buddies who is an expert on HDTVs(a professional calibrator)and he broke down the pros and cons of each model. I went with the PN50c7000 and could not be happier. The picture quality is fantastic, with rich colors and very deep blacks. The addition of 3D was also a plus to me, but definitely not one of my priorities. Standard definition also looks amazing, and with TV's these days SD quality can vary drastically from set to set(The G25 was not as great at reproducing SD, one of the deal breakers for me). Finally, the PNc7000 had far more internet capabilities than the G25, which was another added bonus, as well as 3D. Since owning the TV I have tested many sources and it seems to reproduce colors very accurately, and again, has a great contrast.  I would also like to address the issue many have had with this TV, the so called "soap opera effect". The first generation models of this TV came preloaded with MJC(the newer ones do not), or motion judder canceller, which made movement look "fake" or ghostly when watching from some sources. This is a feature also found of the C8000 series, but for some reason samsung didn't include an option to turn it off on the C7000. Many returned their sets in anger because of this, but its actually a very easy fix. There are several options, the easiest being the game mode option. Switching the game mode from on to off in the general settings will turn this effect off. Do this for each source and no more MJC. Samsung has also issued a firmware update on their website which can be applied via a USB flash drive that will also fix the issue. The last option, which many tech savvy individuals have done, is switch the TV from a c7000 model to an 8000 model via the service menu, which gives you a menu option to turn MJC off. I can confirm that this works, but do so at your own risk. You can potentially brick your TV if you do something wrong. The first two options are extremely easy and safe to perform. Don't return your sets because of this and miss out on a seriously impressive TV.  Overall this TV has it all. An extremely impressive PQ, internet capability and 3D are all present on the PNc7000, with a sleek, slim design to top it off. I would recommend this TV to anyone, and while the Panasonic G25 is also a very impressive TV, my opinion leans toward Samsung this year.Update: There is some image retention on this model that many will notice, including myself. Don't worry, its never permanent. There is a recommended 100 hour break in time with most plasmas, and this is no exception. If the temporary image retention bothers you, make sure you dial down the contrast and especially brightness. Do this for the first 50-100 hours and image retention should slowly become a non issue. For those who don't want to do this, run the scrolling bar across your screen when image retention occurs and it will do the trick. Note: I recently left my screen on pause for 3 hours(forgot to turn it off!) and of course it left quite a bit of burn in. I ran the scrolling bar for 2 minutes and everything went away. Works like a charm.Update #2 : Well, after about eleven months of use(and eleven great months at that) a line of pixels has died in my screen. It is a very small line about 1/3 the way down. I opened the TV up to check all the connections and they were solid, so I have chalked this up as a bad panel. Luckily I bought an extended warranty so BB has ordered the new panel and will send someone to put it in at the end of this week. I'm almost positive Samsung also offers a warranty for at least the first year, but dealing with them will probably be complex and take a much longer amount of time.I briefly searched to see if anyone else has had this issue as well but so far I have found only a few cases. While It is certainly disappointing to have a panel fail after only eleven months, the PNC7000 is still an amazing TV with stunning PQ. I would give it 4 stars, current conditions withstanding. Just thought I would share my experiences even if it is a rare occurrence.