If you want/are ready to take the digital/HD plunge then Samsung's 71 series is the best way to go.  As a rule the details I mention will be the comparable whether on the 40"/46"/52" Samsungs.  We purchased the LN-T4071F.My wife and I started looking in earnest last year around the Holiday season.  Indeed, there was much out there to wade through but in the end we felt that if we had jumped then we might have had an "I coulda' had a  V8!" moment.  We subscribe to Consumer Reports and I have my ear to the ground re: what will be the next great thing.  We knew some added-value feature sets were in the pipeline.  Are we glad we waited!Besides the fact that Samsung's display is stellar (even on the 61/65/69 series) the feature we find of greatest value is the 120Hz refresh (not available below the xx69F series).  When this motion setting is used it makes any program, even old 480 standard movies and whatnot, look more fluid when action or fast movement is on the screen.  And what it does for 720p and up is remarkable.  This feature is relatively new to digital TVs and worth the price of admission when compared to the old sets that only use a 60Hz refresh.Also, the 25,000:1 contrast ratio is noticeable even compared to 10,000:1.  The features on this set that also attracted us are the 3 HDMI ports and the USB 2.0 port.  We have lots of digital pics and viewing them on this gorgeous screen is something we look forward to.We got the set only a few days ago and just got a digital and HD upgrade from our cable provider and WOW!, the images are just as vivid and "Live and in person" as what is seen on display at the stores.  We coupled this 4071F set with a Samsung 1080P up-converting DVD player and indeed even standard, old-world DVD's look crisper, especially with fast motion on the screen.  Its not quite HD/Blueray but a noticeable improvement for regular progressive scan DVDs.  Per other reviewers we are waiting for the dust/cost to settle on these two high-deg standards.Why do we recommend this set so enthusiastically even over the Sony Bravia XBR series (which also has a 120Hz refresh)?  I won't throw down the spec #s and whatnot; instead I'll relate an anecdote.  We had already settled on the Samsung 4071 but were still researching the best deal we could get online (of course we located the best, by far, deal on Amazon -- under fifteen hundred shipped).  I was in Bxxx Bxx and looking at the digital TVs displayed on a wall just to reinforce our opinion.  I was at a distance so as to see as many sets at once, regardless of size, and my eye settled on a particular set.  I thought my eye had settled on a Phillips.  I was surprised!  I ogled the set some more while letting my eye flit to other sets to validate what I was seeing.  There was a tag on the wall that I thought had ID'ed the display as Phillips but when I went to read the specs I discovered the set I was looking at was indeed the very model we had settled on.  Serendipity indeed!  The tags had been so close together I mistook the TV for a Phillips which was next to the Samsung 4071F.  This unbiased "test" solidified our choice.You could look at the Samsung xx69F series which also has the 120Hz refresh but it's contrast is 20,000:1 and, as a rule (online at least) costs the same as a xx71F.  And the 81F series (Magnolia Home Theater labeled)?  Way too much more coin for a minimal viewing improvement (LED illumination might be the way of the future but not for a $1000 premium.A selling point for me as well is the ability to hook up a PC either with a VGA connection or using a DVI-to-HDMI converter.  I won't bother with getting a 1/8"-to-2RCA connectors to get sound through the TV speakers.  I'm going to use my dedicated speaker set for the PC (Logitech G51s).A final word: I saw that another reviewer thought the 120Hz refresh was basically bogus.  Not so!  If you are considering this set go to Bxxx Bxx or Cirxxxx Cixx and have the sales person enter the on-screen menu and select "Display Mode" under the Picture settings.  You'll see one half of the set at 120Hz vs 60Hz.  Just wait for the demo pictures to get to the football viewing.  You can't miss the dif!