Despite high number of negative reviews for this set being DOA, price was much too tempting for a 40" LCD TV - majority of reviews are still positive. 2 years warranty is longer than typical and I trust Amazon for "customer friendly policies" - while I hopped that I won't have to test any of it. Alas, after unpacking it, mounting the foot, installing everything, looking with pride new addition to my bedroom, I found out that antenna input does not work. So, it goes back for replacement; I hope (this time) second is the charm. Now, thumbs up for Amazon but what is wrong with TCL? Cheap product still suppose to work, but, based on product reviews and my personal experience this is a total lack of quality control on a product that does not appear to be manufactured on high standards.I am going for replacement, yet this time I keep my fingers crossed - returning a product is not a convenient process and I hate to go there.I'd like to add couple of words about my first general impressions on this TV for potential buyers, though. If the replacement set works right I plan on re-visiting this review. Overall design dates several years back - my wife dislikes aluminum line in front as a design element; matter of taste. I don't care for ultra thin TV set or frame around the screen; quality of picture is what counts. I didn't put it on a weight scale but my impression is that this TV set may be lighter than average 40" set; I'd feel comfortable hanging it on a wall - not alone, though. Picture quality has few pre-sets and manual adjustment; blu-ray disk looked great on HDMI input after just a little bit of tweaking. Brightness is high for well illuminated environment - very positive; price is paid in electricity but this TV set is still not too hungry (according to energy rating label). Remote is very basic; it does the job but I'd like to have direct choice of input signal input on remote.Conclusion: Basic set well worth the price, under condition that you get one which works right out the box. Keep fingers crossed.UPDATE:After getting the replacement set and months later, this TV works. At the price asked now, this is far from being a bargain, though. Price aside, this TV can compete in picture quality with others. It appears that LCD/LED screen went up in price lately, but that not justifies difference in price what I paid for this set and asking price now. In short, for taking chances with this brand, one would expect a better deal.UPDATE Feb. 22 2013:I changed my rating from 1 star to 3. With Amazon return policy and 2 years warranty (I hope I won't have to test TCL tech support) this looks like a decent deal at today's 323. LED TV sets promise longer life and these would be my first choice now; price is what defines good deal. My rating reflects my whole experience with this set, including return.