We've had this TV only for a month and it was a gift, bought locally -- for $100 MORE than Amazon's price. The size and model were our best guess after researching for a year and more, and we got a lot more than we expected!We live in the country where there's no cable and one clear antenna channel (NBC) -- but that channel is superb. Everything we've watched was clear and smooth and the colors seem completely natural.We were worried about getting a too-big screen for our small living room but it turns out to be pretty much a non-issue. The terrific quality of the picture and lack of flicker make it easy to watch from a big range of distances. The oldest poorest quality movies (such as the unreconstructed ancient film reels in the  Horror Classics 50 Movie Pack Collection and the Mystery Classics 50 Movie Pack Collection) are much easier to watch -- clearer and less flicker, somehow-- and the difference between this monitor and the old one still startles us when we watch a new DVD episode of a series we've been getting for a long time (Midsomer Murders, Foyle's War). The daylight colors are more natural and the cameramen's genius with light and shadow really shines in indoor and twilight scenes.Everything loads fast (the TV stays on standby when "off")-- the screen is on with the last channel up immediately, or the DVD if there's one in the player. I haven't found the menus to be at all hard to work with (but haven't tried to do anything very complex with them so far).There are no buttons to press on the TV itself -- instead the bottom frame is sort of a power strip with almost invisible touch-sensitive areas, kind of like the touch-wheel on a classic iPod. (The Samsung DVD player is the same). This is a bit disconcerting until your finger knows where to touch and slide, but like most people we use the remote anyway, and I like it because buttons tend to get pressed so hard they fail around here. The remote is the most sensibly arranged and designed of any I've had, and it controls the new Samsung BD-D5300 Blu-ray Disc Player (Black) [2011 MODEL] player (from Amazon) to some extent also. The remote does seem to need to be pointed right at the sensing area on the TV, not just waved in the general direction like other remotes we've had.The screen's semi-matte surface is just right for our room -- reflections from lamps or windows are far less of a problem than with the previous TV's "non-reflecting" screen. And -- a small miracle-- the screen hasn't attracted one single dust mote. I thought I'd be brushing and wiping with theBrushOFF Sensor Cleaning Brush and an extra-large microfiber cleaning cloth before every use and they both lie idle. Now that we take for granted a beautiful picture and a TV that figures out the screen proportions for any old DVD we pop in, dust-free is a continuing joy.All in all we're TV enjoying movies and TV far beyond our expectations with this model and screen size. I even, sometimes, dream of designing a room to go with the elegant look of its minimalist stand and frame...