I'd like to take this opportunity to sing the praises of this TV and Amazon.com.A little background first, I previously owned a Westinghouse 42" 1080P LCD TV (LVM42W2) that was plagued with vertical banding issues (sometimes referred to as uneven back-lighting) where vertical areas of the screen were slightly darker or lighter than the rest of the screen, and which were particularly visible during dark or gray scenes.  Even worse, after 2 years these bands eventually developed into even more visible dark streaks.  Eventually I had enough and started looking for a new TV.  Plasma burn-in still scares me so I stuck with LCD's.I bought the Samsung LN46A650 and when it arrived I immediately started feeding it dark scenes and looking for anything resembling vertical banding, and I am extremely happy to report that this TV has none.  It's been a week now and the more I watch this TV, the more satisfied I am with it.  The picture is great, even standard definition (SD) content looks very good (SD content was terrible on my old Westy).  XBox 360 games look great and run smooth as well.  The viewing angle is very good with a minimum of color wash-out even at extreme angles.A couple of notes, you'll want to go ahead and turn off Auto-Motion Plus (AMP).  It's kind of a gimmicky concept in the first place, but it really only succeeds and making things look strange.  And by strange, I mean movies start to look like live-action plays or like they were shot with a home-video camera.  I imagine some people will like this, but it's not for me, and I just turn it off.I've read other people griping about the remote, but to me that's so minor that it's almost not worth discussing.  It works well enough, and I use a universal remote anyway so it's non-issue.I've also read some comments on the reddish "Touch of Color", but it's very subtle, and really, hardly noticeable, and thus also a non-issue.The one legitimate complaint is this LCD's reflectiveness.  It is extremely glossy, and, depending on how you have your room situated (i.e. windows, lights, and lamps), it could take on a mirror-like appearance and be a major issue.  Fortunately, it's not an issue for me and my apartment.  But I could definitely see other people hating this TV for this issue alone.Now here's where I'm going to sing Amazon's praises.  A week after I bought this TV, I saw a forum posting where someone mentioned that Amazon was now offering a free Blu-ray player with a purchase of this TV.  I took a look and sure enough they were...so I sent Amazon an email asking if I could get that deal as well.  It seemed like a long shot because I had already bought the TV, and I was essentially asking them to give me a free Blu-ray player, but Amazon said they'd do it.  So I placed a second order for the Blu-ray player and they refunded my money.  So I couldn't be happier with my purchase.