This is my favorite tv yet.  In my humble opinion, a television needs to do one thing well by default:Display an accurate-looking picture with tangible levels of shadow detail.For ALL formats the set is claimed to support (HD, SD, etc).Anything else is secondary, and I'll get to that in a moment.This Sony is pretty much on par with the previous Sony I am replacing (KDL-32S3000). Once calibrated and ambient light sensor turned off, the display is bright, accurately saturated, and shadow detail is well above average. Of the three TVs I have analyzed, with having pros and cons, this KDL-40BX420 does THE best in displaying colors and shadow detail.I found that turning off the ambient light sensor so I can have full control over backlight settings is necessary. In dark or moderately-lit rooms, the sensor still keeps backlighting low and rendering the display too dark while forcing me to increase the backlight setting. So, with that disabled, using backlight set to 7, contrast to 97, brightness to 52 (50-52), color temperature set to 'neutral' (or maybe 'warm 1'), gamma +2, cine 'OFF', and all black enhancement set to 'off' provide the best results. There are other features that will ramp up color and saturation, but quickly end up looking distorted. YMMV, and Best Buy's calibration procedure will do a much better job to bring out every delicious drop of detail, but out-of-box image quality is remarkably good. And I don't often get to say that. But it IS worth considering, as it is time-consuming to do and their process is thorough. No, I don't own stock in Best Buy. I just call things as I see them, from experience, repute, or inference based on both.)Matte - unlike a previous set I looked at, this Sony has a matte panel. Glossy is okay, especially if you like looking at your own reflection. But I'd rather look at what's coming out of the TV. Not what's being reflected by it.Viewing angle - as with the 32S3000, Sony is using a higher grade, probably a PVA panel. The previous sets I've looked at use MVA panels - which not only crush shadow detail too much for my liking when looking head-on, they have poor viewing angles where color washes out badly and brightness and contrast gets skewed. The Sony does a far better job from what I've seen. Color wash does exist, but it's nowhere near as prominent. As with the other sets, no major (if any) hue shift was noticed, so it's nice companies are avoiding the use of "TN" panels.Weight - this thing weighs only slightly more than LED-backlit sets. That's amazing. I was hesitant to buy a CCFL-backlit set due to weight, but for this set it's a non-issue.Sound - I use an external system, so the inclusion of a fiber optic pass-through is great. Sounds from the set are somewhat flat and nothing to write home about.Connectors - the usual complement exists (2xHDMI, 1xComponent, 1xComposite, 1xVGA, 1xS-Video, 1xBunny-ears-Antennae, etc) but I was hoping for 3 or more HDMI connectors.Power usage: Of the two previous sets I'd tested, one had cost $12/yr. The other $15/yr. This Sony is rated at $22/yr. That's still pretty darn good, as TVs in this class can suck up $45/yr.More modern sets use LED backlighting (Edge-lit). The backlighting shaves off energy costs, which is a good thing. This Sony uses a CCFL tube. So it uses more energy.This Sony is 60Hz only. 120Hz makes the screen look more fluid and reduce or eliminate ghosting from fast-moving objects. In some cases, it can turn film and make it look like a "soap opera". In worst case scenarios it won't process the image correctly, creating judder problems that render the feature disabled (and thus not worth the extra money). But the other reason is to reduce or elimination motion ghosting effects. Part of me likes it, but part of me loathes it. YMMV. But all the 120Hz sets I've looked at have poorer image quality. The Sony's output is fantastic, but at 60Hz ghosting can sometimes be seen. For me, I want the shadow detail and good viewing angles. Even if it means a slower screen. The ghosting is there, it's on par with my 32S3000, and isn't annoying. Especially having played the field.Here's the kicker: Many modern HDTV sets put most processing emphasis on Blu-ray and HD media, while ignoring SD material (DVDs, streaming SD media, some broadcast). As a result, interlacing artifacts are often seen and stand out badly, and there is horrible judder during camera pans. Judder that is not corrected by 120Hz mode. This is due to the TV set's processor not handling the 480i signal adequately. One set I otherwise adored had MASSIVE judder and interlacing problems when playing SD material, forcing me to configure the player at 480i - and even then that TV still had problems, prompting a return. : And just to make sure, upscaling 480i WILL mean a blurrier or jaggy display - regardless of brand. 480i has far less resolution/detail than 1080P. But judder (fluid motion during pans) and other issues are NOT concerns with upscaling. For any resolution. The TV should be able to play back ANY format fluidly, without judder. If my 4 year-old Sony could play 480i material without juddering during camera pans, no TV today should be having that problem. Especially if it costs $1000. The 32S3000 had cost $1000 and still is a rock-solid performer. It's nice to see the 40BX420 being in a similar league, yet costing 50% less. Lastly, if you're concerned about longevity, even if it's a high-rated brand, individual units can wear out sooner rather than later (A 10 year "Average" means some sets will last 20 years, and for other sets they'll last merely 2. Always get the extended warranty. I had to make use of one once, and I only use such a thing if there's no other choice, but it is good to have.