You may have a bad pixel on the screen if you purchased this set (Sylvania LC200SL8 20" LCD TV). This appears as a bright dot of primary color (in my case a bright red dot about the size of a pencil dot) that is always on the screen regardless of what is playing. This is a bad LCD display that needs to be replaced to fix this problem. I bought two sets and noticed this problem on 4 out of 5 sets in three different stores in two different states. Only one of five sets did not have this problem. I bought this set for my brother I was visiting in another state as a gift. We went through three sets in two stores before we found one without this problem. When I bought this set for myself when I returned home, the first one new out-of-box had this problem. The second one did not but developed the problem within the first day of use. I called Sylvania's national customer support. They sounded very professional giving their name and badge number at the beginning of each call. They requested I fax them information and the receipt in attention to Fernando in their Warranty Service which I did. After not hearing anything, I called back and they said they received the fax and I should wait a week which I did. I then called back after a week with no one calling me and they said they would escalate this issue to their corporate office and someone will contact me within 2 days. After no one contacted me I called back and their customer service and they requested I start the process over from the beginning and if no one contacts me in a week, call back. I asked to speak to a supervisor who told me they would pay for the part but I would have to pay for labor. When I reminded them that their warranty covers both parts and labor, they said they would escalate this issue to their corporate office. I also let the supervisor know the authorized factory service center he suggested I take the TV set for repair after they provide me approval from their corporate office has an unsatisfactory rating by the local Better Business Bureau (BBB) from hundreds of customer complaints. Checking the local BBB is a good idea before you get anything repaired. After waiting a week without anyone calling me from Sylvania, I returned the set to the place I purchased it from for a refund and bought a Samsung LCD at another store. I was attracted to this Sylvania LCD TV set because it was on sale for $229. Even though it is only EDTV which is 640 x 480 resolution the value was good. The Samsung I purchased is full HDTV. This will allow me to watch shows in full HDTV. Within a few years most TV shows will be in HDTV and this was a better investment for the future.