I purchased this TV in October 2009 when my laptop's graphics card was dying. I had a USB TV Tuner which worked well, but I decided to buy a TV to relieve some of the stress I was putting on my laptop. I looked around for smaller TVs seeing as I live alone in a dorm room and don't have enough space for a TV much larger than 20". In addition, I wanted something small enough to be able to ship home without paying an absurd amount of money. After browsing the selection at Amazon, I decided to go with this TV since it was small, relatively cheap, and from a brand name I at least recognized.I was a bit worried before the TV arrived based on some of the complaints about picture and sound other reviewers have cited, but I must say I have had no problems with this television. It is true that when not viewed at a direct angle the image gets a bit darker, but most electronic screens are similar (my laptop does the same thing) and the smaller size likely amplifies this effect. Still, I never got frustrated with this little quirk. Also, I'm OK with the sound quality. I can hear it rather well on lower volumes and it sounds clear to me (I mean, you can't assume a TV was built with incredibly nice speakers - most people buy those separately). It does have a headphone jack, so if you wanted you could just buy a cheap set of laptop speakers for the television if it bothers you that much, but I see no need. It seemed to me that some of the connectors in the back (I'm assuming for S-Video and some others) were a little cheap looking, but since I don't own anything that I can hook up to such connectors I can't really comment on whether or not my instincts are correct. The AV input on the left side of the TV is out of the way and convenient - it's nice to not have to ruin the aesthetic beauty of the TV by having AV cords sticking out of the front as would be the case with some TVs. I have not tried using it as a laptop monitor quite yet nor have I used the HDMI input, so I may update this review once I have done so (I plan on hooking my XBox 360 and laptop up to this TV next fall when I'm in a larger living area).If you are looking for a small television to fill some niche in your home, I would recommend this TV. It probably isn't the most flashy item on the market, but I was satisfied with the video (digital channels look gorgeous as you may expect) and audio quality of the TV. While I was a bit hesitant on spending $200 on a television that I may have only used for a few months, I believe it was a good investment and plan on using this TV for a few years now.