One reviewer wrote he tweaked and he tweaked some more but could never get that perfect picture. I will admit, it took me a little while at first, from the factory settings which are really designed to blast the brightest screen possible on a showroom floor, to find that awesome sweet spot. But we did, and wow. The secret is you have to reduce the backlighting to almost a half, and then play with the sharpness, brightness and contrast. Reduce the color and tint levels, and eventually you get a picture that is gorgeous, deep blacks, great skin tones, rich in color and details. Maybe it's not plasma, but it's pretty darn close, and when you think of the energy you save, and all the added benefits of LED vs liquid crystal, in terms of longevity, I'd say it's well worth it.The controls are in fact so elaborate on this set, there's even an advanced section where you can tweak the colors one at a time, red, green, blue and yellow. But there's really no need to touch that.The edge lit spots around the screen, all back lit LED screens will display these, it just comes with the technology, no longer appear once you've reduced the backlighting level. You will see them again as you shift channels, as it takes longer for your cable box to switch between HDTV channels, but as soon as the colors, and the black kicks back in, the light spots are gone. So you won't ever seen them while you are actually watching something.The bass and treble controls threw me for a loop. At first I thought they didn't work because I couldn't really tell the difference. Then I realized it's because we don't really like to listen to the TV very loud. But when I cranked up the volume I heard that the bass and treble was working fine, just set up in such a way as to really have maximum effect when you're blasting the speakers. They can get pretty loud without any distortion, you can pick between either surround sound or stereo. There's control settings so you can adjust sound projection into the room. We wanted a set we didn't have to install external speakers for, this set provides great built-in sound without the hassle.Model LT-46265 is supposed to have 18 speakers, vs 16 speakers for LT-46164. I looked and kept counting, I could only see 16, so I wondered if maybe the dealer had given me the wrong model. But no, it said LT-46265 on the back, that's also where the two little additional speakers a located, in the back of the set, to bounce sound off the back wall. So if you're not wall mounting the set, leave a little breathing room in the back to allow the sound from the back speakers to project.LT-46265 comes with built-in Stream TV which you can just hook up to your ethernet modem. But it's an additional pay service. Instead I ran a HDMI cable from the back of my PC directly into one of the extra HDMI port on the set. There's a PC setting. You will instantly display what is on your computer screen on your TV screen, in beautiful resolution. I was amazed to discover that if you play HD YouTube videos on the TV that way, in the expanded screen mode, the resolution is just as good as HD channels! That means you can rent a video at Amazon, right here, in the Instant Video section, and watch the movie on your TV screen. No wonder Blockbuster just went bust.The set is made in Mexico, says on the back, not Japan, which is an interesting detail to know. It might be a bit pricey, but if you love graceful and functional design in the same package, great sound, picture, and tons of features to interact with online services, this set is the bomb. It's light to carry, easy to set up. I just wish Mitsubishi wasn't so involved with nuclear power. But every large electronics company has skeletons in their closet.