Admittedly, I was hesitant to purchase this TV because of the mixed reviews. Many people here (and on various forums and review sites) complained of distracting brightness fluctuations that significantly detracted from the viewing experience. I decided to just go with it and I must say I don't regret my purchase at all.First, yes, the brightness fluctuations were distracting. Notice the past-tense "were" there; as in, the fluctuations are no longer distracting because they are no longer a problem. For North America, Panasonic has acknowledged and addressed the fluctuations. For sets manufactured prior to August 2011 a repair is available in the form of an SD card software update or a very simple hardware replacement (pre-updated hardware for non-Panasonic repair techs as an alternative to updating the software with an SD card). So, don't let the looming shadow of brightness fluctuations deter you from this TV--if you get a set and it is a problem, call Panasonic and they'll fix it. On the other hand, you may not even notice them at all. So again, don't let it hold you back.I discovered this TV while looking for an affordable way to pick up a quality 3D HDTV, mostly for gaming.  3D performance is very good. Many have claimed this TV is crosstalk free (crosstalk is the phenomenon where the image intended for only one eye bleeds a bit into the wrong eye causing a double-image effect), but it simply is not; however, the crosstalk is generally not very noticeable in movies and games and in the case of games you can usually adjust the strength of the 3D effect to somewhat mitigate the crosstalk. For anyone wondering if plasma tech is ok for games the answer is yes, it is fine. Some people recommend about 100 hours of "break in" before leaving any static images on the screen. I don't know if this is technically necessary but there's nothing wrong with being cautious and conservative...100 hours really isn't much time for a TV at all. Some with a critical eye may occasionally notice image retention, but it is temporary. Just be mindful about leaving static images on the screen for long periods of time (for example, don't leave a game paused for several hours...just turn off your TV if you won't be using it, you'll save electricity). Many games have health bars, maps, or other fixed images on the screen, but in my experience these don't cause long-term problems: first, the TV will imperceptibly shift pixels around to keep them changing; second, most games have cutscenes, pauses, and transitions that change up the picture frequently enough that it won't really matter. Again, just be mindful and you shouldn't have any problems.This set replaced a Sony XBR LCD from 2008 and so far (2 months of ownership) I don't miss LCDs at all. Frankly, at this screen size LED backlit 3D capable LCDs are just too cost prohibitive in my opinion. Yes the power consumption is higher than an LED lit LCD so the long-term cost of ownership is higher in that respect, but I haven't noticed any difference in my electricity bill compared to my CCFL lit LCD; so, if you're coming from an older LCD the power consumption probably won't be a lot different.