For me the biggest contention was price point. When I went shopping for a great TV my biggest factor was bang for the buck. I'm willing to spend a few extra dollars on a superior product but the 1080p version benefits just simply do not justify the cost at this point in time. HDTVs have come down enormously in price so I jumped off the Standard Def wagon and man am I glad I did!I am not a tech nerd. I know the difference between HDMI, component, and S-Video but beyond that, I'm your average Joe. So just bear that in mind that you're reading from the perspective of a pretty "average" user.Benefits/Pros:This TV has it all. Unless you're one of the tech nerds who want to play with the color for about 6 hours on the minor details and are upset that it doesn't allow you to change pixel 1,235,068 to looking more green, the picture quality is nothing less than outstanding right out of the box. I did play around with some of the preset color setting modes like "Cinema, Game, Vivid." I found Vivid to be a little too vivid and dialed it down. I'm actually watching "Game" right now and it looks beautimous on HD. I've also heard some say the picture quality gets better after a short period. I haven't really noticed a difference though. Of course, beauty is in the eye of the beholder so you be the judge.HDMI ports are plentiful, the side panel is convenient. The Bezel white strip at the bottom looks fine. Some reviewers have complained of it, but I don't have any problem with it. As far as menus being a labyrinth, I don't really think that's true either but then again I'm not trying to change that pixel to looking more green. The TV is not really that heavy. It's a little bulky being 50 inches but honestly, when you compare a 50 inch TV 3 years ago in weight, this one is on slimfast.I also did not find any issue with heat. It's been on several hours yet the heat output is relatively minimal.Cons/Drawbacks:No VGA inputs! Argh! Oh well. I don't plan on connecting it to my computer but I mulled that over in my head and thought it would make for one killer monitor. Although I think that there may exist the possibility of connecting the TV up to a video card that has an HDMI output. I'll explore that later down the road but for now, I'll just live with it.Well what some have said about the remote is true, it is very crowded with Viera buttons and is very easy to accidentally press one while accessing the main menu. This is a minor issue.Unknowns:My main concern right now is product life. I've got at least a year of one year warranty but have been considering purchasing a warranty above and beyond that.Burn in. I do play video games so I have to be cognizant of the possibility of burn in. Supposedly not a huge issue as I've read that even burn in can go away after awhile but I'm still mindful of it.My PS3 sometimes does not immediately work with the TV connected through HDMI. I had to reset it a couple times for it to pick up the signal. Now it works seamlessly but I'm still concerned that maybe it might call in sick one of these days.Conclusion:If you buy this TV you will not be disappointed. Unless of course, you are that tech nerd who needs that pixel to be a certain green. Then you might have difficulty but assuming you are a pretty normal average Joe like myself, then have at it! The bang per buck equation for this is definitely THE BEST and I've spent HOURS researching which TV had the most Bang/Buck.I am completely satisfied and excited about my new TV =)This concludes my review! Thanks for reading and Merry Christmas!