We purchased this TV 2 weeks ago and everything has gone as per expectations, except one or two minor items.Pros:1. Very Good Picture and black levels, though a 3 year old Pioneer Elite 50 inch 720P still beats it from 12 to 15 ft away. Need to adjust the picture some, to get the best out of it. The BD player does an excellent job of upconverting the less than 1080p inputs.2. The wall mounting and thinness, plus appearance really is first class. The inputs are beautifully arranged. The appearance on the wall with hidden cables makes me smile everytime.3. The Samsung apps, PC share work well, however a Samsung Blue ray player BD6900 realy helps, some features are only available when the BD player is hooked up.4. The remotes between the TV and BD player are as well integrated as can be expected, give Samsung full marks for this one.I am afraid to think (or find out) if this all would not be the same with a BD6800 or lower/older model, did not want to find out so sprung the extra for the BD6900. The BD player is also really fast loading up, a big plus. Use a High speed ethernet HDMI cable and hooked up through ethernet, more on that later.5. Works well with the Sanus 1100 thin wall mount (under $100), can tilt up the TV and access the rear very easily. Wasn't about to spring for the super expensive Samsung wall mount rip-off, its just a glorified picture hanger for $250 !!Cons:1. The dedicated wireless had trouble hooking up, and I hear that streaming video on wireless is still not ready for prime time. I luckily had ethernet access which I utilized and it was the best thing I did. Still have not tried out streaming video, but Youtube with its low bandwidth works fine (though the picture is like a VHS tape quality)2. TV runs hot, hotter than some other plasmas. I guess I won't be cold this winter since it is in the bedroom. I hear all plasmas run hot, and that this is nothing to worry about when it comes to longetivity of the display or anything.3. Sound quality is OK, about 1/2 of what a stereo/amp dedicated speakers would produce.Note:I used a line conditioner (Belkin, under $100) that also protects against Voltage spikes and such, plus the ferrite magnet at one end of the power cable. Guess what, NO buzz at all, and the picture is crisp with deep colors and blacks.I am also afraid to run it with older Amps and Stereos, even with HDMI for compatibility issues, sound and picture quality degradation. Luckily, in the Bedroom, I don't need to and the wife prefers the cleaner look without speaker cables and stereo lights at night.I am surprised at all the issues with incompatibility that I read about with proprietary BS that is getting into these 3D TV's and BD players. Why can't they make good stereo boxes with all their electronic trickery instead and make plain TV monitors and BD players at half the cost. That way, compatibility will not be an issue. I guess its a marketing decision again!So far, I took the path of least resistance and kept it simple. It seems to have paid off for me and I love the set-up.