My wife and I just purchased the pn51d8ooo about a week ago from Paul's TV. I would have bet that we were going to walk out of the store with a led/lcd model. The salesman was extremely helpful with explaining the attributes of the models we were considering. He eventually steered us towards this model for consideration. It seemed strange to me that since they work on commission at this store he would try to sell us on the plasma (less expensive than the comparable led/lcd), it soon became clear that this salesman (Nick)not only knew what he was talking about but wanted us to get the best product for the money. This model is more full featured than anything else out there. It has full web browsing capabilities (yes, that's right - you can actually surf the net, buy from ebay or Amazon, google anything etc., etc.) There is a built in wireless card unlike all of the others we saw which required you to buy a dongle or other accessory. The picture in the showroom was awesome. Although not as brightly lit as the led models, the colors seemed more natural to me. the blacks were richer (when viewing from an angle the led blacks turned more gray than black). We paid $2,069.00 which included the starter 3D kit (two pair of glasses and five 3D movies). The remote is awesome, a standard tv remote on one side but flip it over and you have a full qwerty keyboard and other keys which make internet surfing so much easier. I do have to say that my wife was concerned that we would not like the plasma as much as we would have liked the intense brightness of the led model.After getting the TV home we took a few days to set it up because we were waiting on a new console stand. I took that time to run a network ethernet cable to the tv location (wired is always faster and more reliable than wireless, but I'm sure that the wireless signal would have worked fine). Set-up was a breeze, stand mounts to tv easily, switching between apps, tv, and internet was very intuitive. We were concerned that we might need to have the tv picture calibrated (as recommended by other stores for $199.00 additional), but were thrilled with the picture right out of the box. There are four picture modes (Dynamic, standard, movie and relax), we are using dynamic which is extremely close to the brightness of the led models. The sound is more than adequate for us. With the wired internet, the set took literally 30 seconds to connect successfully. The netflix problems that I have read in one or two other reviews must have been resolved because I have not had even one glitch. The apps are great but there is a bit of a quirky apps account registration you have to get through. All in all we are extremely happy with our purchase. I haven't tried the 3D yet but it has full 3D and I'm sure we will love it when more 3D titles are available. Hope this long winded review helps. p.s. We purchased the five year service agreement just to have the peace of mind that it offers, we had a smaller lcd previously that we had to have repaired and it was a bit expensive.