Abe's of Maine was very prompt in processing the order and getting the TV delivered to my house. That's where their customer service ended. When the box arrived I made sure that it had no damage and the delivery guy helped me pull it out of the box so we could physically inspect the TV's exterior. The TV looked mint with no signs of any damage or trauma. The delivery guy told me that he wasn't supposed to help me even setup the TV because the TV was to be delivered to the threshold and his responsibility ended there. I thanked him and signed the delivery form stating that the package arrived physically intact. I had to wait until my roommate got home to setup the TV beacause it required 2 people to pickup and install the TV onto the TV stand. It was about an hour later that we got it setup and plugged in. I pressed the power button and the TV did nothing. I tried unplugging the TV, using a different power socket, and using a different surge protector; all to no avail. I immediately called Abe's of Maine but I was greeted with a message that they closed early on Wednesday, Sept. 8 2010 and that they would be closed until Sunday Sept. 12, 2010. I waited and called them on the 12th of September and told them that the TV was DOA. I was told that Abe's of Maine was unable to do anything and that all product issues were to be referred directly to Samsung. I was shocked. I had just purchased a brand new TV from Abe's of Maine and it never worked. The customer service rep kept telling me that as per their return/exchange policy they did not exchange DOA TV's. This is very odd considering in that said return/exchange policy it states, "If your television does arrive damaged please contact our customer service department immediately at 800-992-2237 ext. 2 so that we can arrange for a replacement to be shipped out." I would consider a TV that arrives DOA as damaged. I'm going to call them back on Monday and talk to a supervisor.I forgot to mention in my original review that Abe's of Maine also forgot to include my free wall mount. I called customer service on 12 September 2010 and Jason quickly took care of it and sent it out the next day.+++++UPDATE September 13, 2010+++++RATING CHANGED from a 1 star to 5 stars read below:I got a call from Jason from Abe's of Maine this afternoon. He was calling to confirm the shipment of the free wall mount and also to inquire about my TV. I told him that the first time I called Abe's of Maine I spoke to someone (can't remember his name) who basically told me that I had to deal with the issue through Samsung. I understand that the majority of anyone's impression of customer service comes from the individual that they are speaking to. When speaking to Jason he was very understanding and he didn't interrupt me while I was explaining the whole situation. He quickly offered a solution which satisfied Abe's of Maine and myself. I was very relieved that Jason choose to do the right thing and practice not only customer service but customer satisfaction. The next step of the process will be a scheduled visit by a Samsung technician to diagnose and repair the TV on Friday, September 17, 2010. I will continue to add updates until the conclusion of this experience.