I just picked up this television this morning actually and so far I am enjoying it very much. It is a very easy set up. Just plug it in and it guides you through the steps and then plug in all your cables and you will be watching t.v. in no time. Picture quality is great for the price. However I did notice some slight lag during fast motion sequences while the t.v. is still warming up. It does go away once it is warmed up. I find the sound to be very good. Its no bose surround sound system by any means but for a $700 price tag it sounds really good whether its a dvd, video game, t.v. etc. It has a great slim and sleek look to it and looks great sitting on my tv stand. The vizio internet apps are without a doubt first generation style apps. Definitely not on par with app's you will find on smart phones. Even so, still cool that I can check my facebook page with the t.v. remote while still watching t.v. Looking forward to future applications and better designed applications though I do understand that this is not a computer.Overall I am very happy with the purchaseEdit 1/21/11. Image lag still affecting picture. Seems to happen during scenes that have bright background. Highly noticeable when  people move across the screen or camera view moves across scenery. Looks like a trail of enlarged and jumbled pixels that follow objects during movement of object or camera movement across object.  I heard through the grapevine that this is a known problem with vizios but have yet to call the company to confirm. When I do I will edit this review with the feedback. I would lower my ratingto a 3.4 for this product.Edit 2/09/11. The t.v. Is  presenting even more issues now. Twice within about 20 total hours of t.v. Viewing, the t.v. Shuts itself off and performs a power cycle. Power cycles are basically the equivalent of restarting your computer when a problem arises. I've contacted vizio and they had me tweak some settings. Obviously those tweaks did nothing. I am going to call them back and hopefully they take the thing back.Also, image lag as I described in earlier edit still exists. Hasn't gotten any better or worse but definitely not gone away. Went to the store where I bought the t.v. And watched the m421vt display model. I noticed the same lag on that t.v. That appears on mine, which would lead me to believe that this is not just a problem with my particular tv but a problem with the entire line of m421vt's.I would now rate this tv a 2 out of 5 and I'm going to say that this thing is a lemon. Avoid purchase of this product and keep saving enough until you can get a higher quality tv.Edit 7/23/11. About 3 months ago vizio took the problematic tv back and sent me a "new one" still have the same problem as the old one but no where near as frequent. Be sure and send in your warranty cards when purchasing the tv.  !!