I bought this TV at Sears a few months ago for my bedroom, when they had it on sale for about 500 dollars. I thought at the time that 500 bucks (+tax) was a good deal on the relatively new LED technology, and the guy who worked there sold me on the fact that it takes about 1/4 the amount of electricity that my Vizio plasma uses. However, I later found that for a bit more, I can get quality name brands online, like the Panasonic that I recently bought and reviewed on Amazon.I saw this on gold box today, and I thought I would let people know what they are getting, so here it is- first, you are getting a bare bones TV that is okay to watch on. The picture is actually pretty nice, when compared to older LCDs, and almost comparable to my favorite screen, the plasma. The picture is not as rich as plasma, but definitely more natural looking than the older 60hz lcds.Anyway, here's the skinny:It has 3 HDMI inputs, which is nice, even for a living room set, and more than enough for use as a bedroom TV. There is also a PC connection so you can use it as a computer monitor, but I have yet to try that. It is VERY lightweight, compared to my 42 inch plasma, and most people will be able to mount it on their walls without the help of a second person. The picture, as I have said is very nice, when compared to other TV's in this price range, but it is a bit on the dim side. When setting the brightness higher, you will notice some "flashlight effect," if you're really paying attention, but most people looking at a cheap TV probably won't even notice, or mind too much. There aren't all the cool "new for 2011" features that most TV's have these days, like internet and Netflix, but if you connect your XBox or PS3 to the set, or a internet capable Bluray, it won't really matter. I wouldn't really consider this a good buy, only because the name brand is generic and you never know what kind of service and reliability you'll get from a company that sells discount (read:cheap) electronics, and if you just spent a hundred dollars or so more, you can get something that may last you quite a while. But, if you don't have the bread to spend, you want to get a TV with great picture and don't mind not having all the bells and whistles, I'll guess you'll be okay with this one. Just don't forget to find a cheap warranty, maybe at Costco or something.*Update 12-16*I uploaded some pictures to demonstrate the flashlight effect that I mentioned in my review, and to give some alternate views of this set, because there aren't any other pics of this TV anywhere on the web. I don't understand why people think that what I've written is unhelpful, but I've tried to be thorough and objective in writing about a TV that I think is a good value, but could be improved. If you ask me a question, I'd be happy to help you make a decision.