I did a lot of research before deciding to purchase a plasma.  Ultimately I decided it was the way to go due to the great response rate and the fact that I can't stand the anti-judder 'soap opera' effects of LCD technology.  I followed all of the guidelines - I reduced brightness and contrast to 50%, I ran color slides and only full-screen content for the first 200 hours, and I didn't play any games on the set at all until after the break-in period.  After breaking in the set, I thought it would be safe to play a game.  I switched on the game mode and played Borderlands for a few hours.  Anyone who has played this game knows that each time players enter a new area the screen is filled with a color swirl, and that frequent inventory checks change the screen as well.  Static images are not displayed for a great length of time.  After approximately four hours, I turned the game off and ran the screen wipe.  At this point I noticed that the heads up display was burned into the screen.  I checked the settings and discovered that switching to game mode had changed the TV to the 'standard' setting which has much higher contrast and brightness levels.  Having read about image retention, I was not overly concerned.  I adjusted the standard settings for game mode to half brightness and contrast and held off on playing games until I could clear the image retention.  Months later, after running only full-screen content and using static patterns in an effort to remove the burn-in, I finally called Samsung.  I was told that the higher contrast and brightness settings in game mode were deliberate and were intended to give a 'more vibrant and realistic gaming experience.'  I was also told that gaming for more than an hour on this television was not recommended.  I told them that I felt that having the game mode raise brightness and contrast settings to potentially damaging levels was a flaw in the programming of the television, at which point they told me that they were very sorry, but their warranty did not cover burn-in.  If you research burn-in, you will find that most people claim that it is a non-issue at this point.  Burn-in IS real and IS still an issue.  Bottom line: if you plan to use your television for gaming, Samsung will not take responsibility for deliberately programming their game mode in such a way that it can permanently damage your set.  Having said all of that, the picture quality of this set is amazing, and if you plan to only watch full-screen content and not play games, you should be fine (unless you watch channels with static tickers or logos).  Just remember though, if anything does happen, you're on your own.Update:  I have clocked many more hours of gaming on this television, and now that the game mode brightness and contrast levels have been corrected, I have not had any further issues.  The heads-up display is still faintly visible from the improperly set factory levels, but everything seems fine now.