I've only had this unit about three weeks now but it's working just fine so far and I haven't noticed any of the issues other reviewers here have complained about.First off, I bought this TV strictly for watching DVDs with my Toshiba all-region player, as I'd gotten tired of having to view DVDs on my home PC. I don't subscribe to cable and I don't watch broadcast television and so I will never be using the tuner that is built-in for this model. Additionally, I route the audio from the DVD player into my home stereo which has a good Harman Kardon amplifier and Cambridge Soundworks powered subwoofer and satellite speakers. I am more of an audiophile than video enthusiast. Therefore, I don't know if the built-in speakers in this TV are any good since I'm not using them and do not plan to do so.I bought this model because it's small enough (flat-panel 19") to fit into my tight living quarters where most of the space is taken up by musical instruments and audio gear, and because it is a widescreen model (I watch mostly movies), and because it is a Samsung which is a brand that has a good reputation for LCD TVs (I'm led to believe). The picture looks good on all the DVDs I've looked at, and there are plenty of parameters in the menu options to adjust picture and sound quality to suit your viewing preferences. Picture size is easily changed with a single button on the remote for switching between discs or content with different viewing formats. I like that you can choose either widescreen or 16/9 settings since DVDs are sometimes formatted in one or the other mode and it's nice to get the fullest possible screen image with no cropping of the side borders. In short, I've got no complaints (so far), and I give it 4 out of 5 stars (I assume there are better models out there, but I'm on a limited budget so I don't feel compelled to seek them out).One word of warning: When I took the TV out of the box and set it up, the first thing I did was adjust all the picture settings to suit my preferences. But then in the middle of watching something the settings would automatically revert to factory default settings, which are a garishly bright, color-saturated, high-contrast image quality that is hideous to look at. Searching the owner's manual for a solution to the problem was fruitless, so I went to the Samsung customer support website to search for answers. There, I quickly found (with great relief, since I was ready to return the TV to the store where I bought it) that the unit was in "shop mode" which is the setting used for display in brightly lit retail store environments. It was a simple matter to take the set out of shop mode and return it to normal "dynamic mode" for home use:If the unit is accidentally set to Shop mode and you want to return to Dynamic (Home) mode, press the Volume button and then hold down the MENU button for five seconds on the side panel of the TV.I don't know why they failed to include that important info in the manual, but there you are.Let's hope this TV keeps working as well as it has been so far (of course, I paid extra for the extended service plan in case it craps out in the next four years).