I've never stopped to review a product but i just had to stop to review this item. Purchased at walmart new for $399 and let me tell you, this is an amazing tv. Alright lets get to it here are my pros and consPROS-1. Great selection of apps as of 2/28/12 over 150 (152 give or take).2. Lots of inputs 3 HDMI, a component and composite as well as audio output on the tv L/R (red/white) and optical outit does not include s-video but it's also 2012 so who cares.3. AMAZING COLOR I'm talking great color tone and absolutely vivid and colorful picture.4. The remote control is awesome with netflix,vudu, and amazon prime buttons on the top and behind it is a full qwerty keyboard.5. LOTS of options to customize picture and backlight very easy to navigate.6. Firmware updates over wifi (which the tv has included) adding new features7. You can name inputs i really like this also settings for each input stay as they are for that input only so every  input can have its own custom picture settings.8. 3D is great the "drop" in resolution is barely noticeable if anything all the people bragging about active being better dont have a clue. I have an active 3d viewsonic monitor and ive compared the two and this TV beats itCons-1. Black levels leave something to be desired (when completely dark) although not horrible, i do wish it was a tad better. i wouldn't really say this is a negative because something as simple as a light on in the room can make the black levels better.2. TV does take sometime to boot up but again cant really complain because this is a tv that has apps, 3d, and wifiit obviously has to load all this when it boots up and i also feel like a firmware update could help this3. Crosstalk is noticeable very rarely usually when there is a dark color on top of a bright color or a combination of that. this leads to another problem, that you can't adjust the 3d depth but for the most part its set at just the right depth3D independent reviewIll give the 3d its own separate portion because there's so much to talk about it. If you have a nvidia 3d kit and and obviously and nvidia video card than you can hook this tv up and play all your games in 3d using the passive glasses which is great ( to reduce lag and help performance play at 1280x720 60hz NOT 1920x1080 24hz). The TV has a 3d button on the actual remote which can also "convert" if you will 3d movies to 2d if you for some reason wanna do that. Also as of now apps that dont have 3d recognized by the tv cant be put in 3d so for example a side by side youtube video using the youtube app cant be made into 3d by the tv (the button wont work) but if you watch 3d movies from Vudu the 3d knows that you are doing so it changes it automatically. You need to sit at about 6 feet back to feel a good amount of depth and about 10-20 degrees downward from the center of the tv or you will see more crosstalk than usual.I recommend this tv for EVERYONE seriously BUY THIS TV i really dont know how else to put it. If youre in the market for a new TV this should be it period. I have the 32" model but i would get the bigger models if i couldP.S. this tv is not 120hz only the 42" and above.