I saw a demo model in the store and knew I was a dead man in terms of having to have this cutting edge technological marvel.  And that's what it is, a marvel.  Side kudos to Directv for having the foresight to feature three 3D channels on their menu (at no additional charge beyond the HD tier) with more to follow, I'm told.  It took me awhile to configure the TV correctly and found myself reading the (dread) manual that came with the TV and the glasses in order to get the picture where I wanted it.I had some experience with Panasonic, having bought a plasma 42" HDTV some six months ago so the lessons learned on that initial setup stood me in good stead on this hatching.  I learned the glasses have a power on button along the frame which power down when the glasses have been removed from one's head for a time.  It's a simple hold for one second, red light engages, and you're ready to view in 3D which is nothing short of spectacular!Who would've thought this kind of innovation/technology would be available in the home and, relatively speaking, so soon?  Certainly not I.  The Panasonic brand of TV has been endorsed for 3D viewing by Directv and for good reason.  The brand with its plasma display is simply the best I've seen.  Again, caution is required by the first time owner to correctly adjust and set the various set-up arrays but once done, it literally rocks the house.The instructions in the accompanying manual are well laid out and written so even a non-techie as myself can figure out the deal and if I can, you can.  Some bricks and mortar sellers will attempt to sell you a complete set-up package for $100 or more in addition to the delivery but I would urge you to resist and set it up yourself.  Mine is mated to the Directv system so I can only speak to that connection but surely a cable array couldn't be much more difficult to solve?I've read and heard some complaints about having to wear the glasses to see the 3D but they're quite comfortable and are adjustable with additional pieces to sculpt to your nose.  The literature suggests that regular eyeglasses can be worn under the 3D frames, by the way.  Whether or not a 3D TV is in the offing that doesn't require special glasses for viewing is another matter but the 3D glasses are, in no way, cumbersome or annoying to wear and use, at least from my point of view.3D is here in all its glory and I think, here to stay with increased programming and more exciting enhancements just over the horizon so my advice is to jump in.  The water's more than fine.UPDATE (2 months later):  Growing impatient waiting for more 3D programming to emerge but it's been almost non-existent.  I'm told that the major premium channels (HBO, Showtime et al) may be jumping into the fray soon but no official statements known at this time.  I suppose in time that others will be coming to the dance the way HD caught the mainstream express a few years ago after a faltering start.  Still, it's a little disconcerting as is the growing chorus of naysayers who claim 3D is a flash in the pan, won't last, and go the way of 1950s 3D movies.I'd still get the TV in spite of these reports.  I got to watch the NCAA championship game in 3D and a few other events but no movies (that I cared to view) at this time.  The TV itself is the best HD picture in my home, by far and I have a total of 4 TVs, all with HD capability so there's that.  Simply having the capability to view 3D when/if it starts offering more programming is, in and of itself, comforting.