3d is, very, very, very... addictive! Just a little history...  I've owned a samsung PN63, that was stolen, and I've sampled two other 3D TVs from Amazon; Samsung pn64 and LG LW6500. Ever since the Sammy was stolen I've been on a mission to find another 3D TV, but I concluded, shortly after trying the PN64, that I would no longer consider active 3D. After trying passive, I just hate active, but I'm not here to compare active vs passive. I've done a bit of that in another review.What I am here to say is that this Vizio is the best passive 3D TV out there currently (maybe with the exception of the LG LW9800 which I have not tried, but considered getting, before I got this one). And for the price, well... its out of this world. I sampled a lot of 3D media (movies/games) on this TV and they've all looked just stunning. I've noticed almost zero ghosting, and I'm one of those folks looking for it. Funny thing about this TV is that with very little ghosting I forget about it and just enjoy the movie.I watched Avatar 3D last night and was sort of comparing the experience with my two-year-ago IMAX theater viewing. I guess its pretty much the same, as you would expect, but I tend to believe the 3D on this TV is better. I've had active 3D sets before as well and I'm completely sold on passive technology... there's less ghosting.I didn't like the remote at first, since its small and has tiny buttons but I've gotten used to it and the full qwerty keyboard is really nice to have. The wireless works great and the network features and apps are nice. I've tried Netflix, Pandora, and Vudu. I don't have a Vudu subscription but I always take advantage of their free movie when I get to try a new device. Most TVs and blu-ray players have Vudu service access pre-installed so even if you are only trying the unit out you might as well watch the free movie! I watched Beauty and the Beast 3D and loved it so much I bought the 3D blu-ray. Sure I've seen the standard 2D movie before, and I'm not really interested in watching it in regular 2D again, but in 3D it is just so cool. Its a whole new experience. I've also used Pandora radio a great deal on this TV and it works fabulously. I did notice that Netflix seems to be a little slower on the TV vs on my PS3; the picture not as sharp at times. I don't know if this has to do with the buffer size or the processing ability of the unit, or if there was just "network congestion" when I noticed it. Anyway, may not be a problem with the TV at all.The sound is very full and sufficiently loud with decent low end for an HDTV. The speakers are front projecting (not rear like some TVs) so that helps. So even if you don't have an external sound system I still think you'll be happy.Update 12/7/12: after owning this 42" Vizio for a year or more and trying several other TVs over the same period I've almost decided to buy the larger 47' Vizio for my  living room. Considering that its priced much lower than most of the competition makes this a pretty easy decision.