My wife and I bought a new house and we decided to buy a new TV and sound system, so, like a lot of you, I spent hours reading reviews and shopping on-line. I wound up selecting the Panasonic Viera TC-P65ST30 over the GT-30 and VT-30 as the cost of the gizmo to $ delta made the ST30 the best choice from Amazon at $1739. The GT 30 has TX sound, but for $200 more, who really cares? If you do, then pony up, but sound comes from the amp and Blu-ray anyway. I'll write different reviews for the amp and Blu-ray, but the system I chose was the Oppo BDP-93 Blu-ray (about $500), Harmon Kardon AVR3600 amp (about $540), and MartinLogan Motion 10 speakers (about $150 ea). First let me say this... this TV is big. If your viewing distance is less than 10 feet away, it is too big. We set this up in our current house at 8.5 feet, and we're very fortunate that the new house is further back, because at 8.5 feet away your neck gets a workout watching it. I have two friends who bought 60 inch TV's and they both said the TV was too big, opting to go with a 51" TO 55" instead, and moving the monster in the basement.  Aside from being too big for 8.5 feet away, the picture is amazing.  Now the big question... do you need 3D? I was on the fence about this, but we went with a 3D TV just because it's cool and it's better to have it and not need it than need it not have it... right? Well, maybe not. We went down to Blockbuster to rent a 3D movie... nothing/zip/nada. We went to Best Buy and bought the last Harry Potter for $30 in 3D (I hadn't seen it) and IMAX under the sea in 3D (also $30). Under the sea was sorta cool watching it on some $50 SainSonic 3D active shutter glasses we got on Amazon for $50 each. Harry Potter on the other hand was lame... there, I said it. The movie may not be lame, but the 3D added nothing for me. Would I go 3D again... prolly not. Would I go 65" at 8.5 feet, definitely not. I can't wait to get into a space big enough to enjoy this TV from 10 feet away.  Now for the wireless... do you need this? I say no. If you want to streamline Netflix, do it from the Blu-Ray. I bought the Harmon Kardon AVR3600 for its music power and the Oppo 93 to streamline video, so why do I need the TV to talk to the internet? It does, and I may need it later, but I really don't need the Amp, Blu-ray and TV to do the same thing.  For the record I am very happy with this purchase. The guy helped me unpackaged it and set it on the stand.  He said Amazon's return policy was the best, and no matter what, make sure to keep the box. He relayed a story of a BestBuy TV he delivered and was standing there as the guy was talking to BestBuy, explaining to them it arrived broken. BestBuy advised him to keep the TV and told him that returning the TV that day (though it was broken) was not an option. Unlike Amazon, that makes sure it's all cool before you accept it, I found this cool.  In the end, would I buy this again... absolutely. It needs two more MartinLogan Motion 10's, but I'll wait till I can get them for $125 each.