So, I saw this TV at Best Buy recently for $989. How could I not ditch my 32" 720p and upgrade? My 32" ViewSonic 720p LCD was great and lasted for two years, but its lack of more than one HDMI and horrible menu functionality led me to this Westinghouse 42" HDTV.The ViewSonic I had had one input of each type, and one button to scroll through each. This wasn't that bad, but the 10 second start up delay was. Universal remotes were near impossible to program (Harmony 520 was mine) due to delay's between startup and even input switching. The one HDMI port was a problem too. These were the main problems I was looking to address.Firstly, it was $1200 even after tax and a 4 year warranty. Had to get the warranty, as Westinghouse has been known to have power related issues, banding, etc. So, for the price, it cannot be beat. Even Best Buy's "cheap priced" brand Insignia was one hundred bucks more for the same thing. I observed the picture clarity and color next to similar sized Sony/Samsung/etc. that looked like the color had been optimized, where as the Westinghouse had not. I have seen this scheme before, and knew that HDTV's never look the same in store, with a connection split a million ways, as it would at home. In store, the color looked washed out, but clear, compared to the others next to it. My friend has a 46" Westinghouse 720p LCD and was wonderful for the $1600 he paid a year ago, so I knew the brand had promise.Secondly, no power issues: yet. Not saying it may not, but it hasn't. The color at home is perfect with the only thing to mention is that black's are not solid black. But! They do look well enough to justify the price difference. I have it set to 100% brightness in my room, where light shines thoroughly with no reflection. I have yet to tweak the colors, but I prefer not to and to do so with my systems.Thirdly, the 4 HDMI ports is the best idea for a HDTV ever. Having 1 or 2 is a joke, more is always better than less. So, 1 for PS3, 1 for XBOX360, 1 for HD-upconvert DVD player and 1 open (DVR if I had one). The only downside is that there is only 1 remote button for HDMI, but autosource takes care of that....Fourthly, the autosource detection is great. You turn something on connected to it, and it automatically switches. The only thing I've noticed is that if I use VGA, it won't allow switching to the proper HDMI source, but I was only testing the VGA from my computer, I don't use it anymore.Fifthly, the LCD style is different than conventional. The pixels are not a single pixel, it is a tri-color pixel, where the blue, green and red are separated. My ViewSonic was a single style, but there is hardly a difference. This is just in case anyone wanted to know.Sixthly, to contrast my ViewSonic's delays, there are NONE with this HDTV. The only delay is user-set, the start up. To save $25 a year, you can have the HDTV delay start up to conserve energy, but if you do not, the HDTV is pre-prepped to start and starts within a second. Channels are near instant, and inputs are slightly delayed, as expected with any TV.Seventhly, I have a PS3, XBOX360 and upconverting HDMI DVD player connected through HDMI. All connect properly and look perfect on the TV. PS3 games, XBOX360 games, Blu-Ray through PS3 and HD-DVD through the XBOX360 HD-DVD Drive all look just like they should and most likely would on a more expensive HDTV. It is now easier to play multi-player games with a better resolution and split screen. Can't complain about anything.Finally, there are other things to comment on, but these are the main concerns I was considering with this HDTV. I have yet to have any of the problems common with the brand, but the warranty will handle any that may occur. Hopefully this may answer or dismay any doubts you may have, but I would prefer to buy it in store, rather than dealing with any shipping costs, may they occur.I may add more to the review later, but as for now this is it.