I chose this Vizio because I wanted a TV with a good picture but I don't care for 3D. There were some good early reviews on this model with its full array design as opposed to edge lit and high number of dimming zones (16). I was replacing a 9 year old Olevia 37" set, so I was expecting a giant leap forward and so far I have not been disappointed. I am not a videophile, whatever that is, but I am interested in getting a good, up to date product, since I don't plan on replacing it for a long time. I was planning to buy a Samsung or LG but decided to try Vizio because it had only the features I cared about at an attractive price.Design:The bezel is so thin it pretty much disappears. The TV is very lightweight (35 lbs), which makes wall mounting pretty easy. The VESA mounting holes are very low (only about a foot from the bottom edge) so careful measuring is a must when mounting. I bought a new Cheeta Mount which seemed flimsy but holds the TV well enough. I was able to handle the unpacking and setup myself, and my wife assisted with hanging it on the mount. There is more screen reflection than my old set  but the image is bright and it's not a deal breaker. The full user manual can be viewed on the TV or on Vizio's web site, the included Quick Start booklet is just for the basic setup.Picture:I think the picture quality is really good. There is quite a range of brightness so the picture is viewable in a bright or dark room, and the blacks are very black with good detail. I'm using the Calibrated (dark) preset and auto brightness set to High, and this seems to work well day or night. The other presets are too bright for me.Connections:4 HDMI  connections is nice, my old set only had 1. The ports are accessible (with a little patience) while the TV is mounted on the wall but it's probably smarter to make all the connections before you mount if possible. Swithing between inputs is very fast and each can be labelled so it shows which component it connects to on the screen instead of just "HDMI 1, HDMI 2," etc. I decided to plug everything in directly to the TV instead of using my Sony receiver to switch inputs because it works so much faster. I'm using the optical out to send the audio back to the receiver and this setup works very well with no lip sync problems. Before plugging in the optical I spent a few minutes trying to get the HDMI audio return to work, but even though both the TV and receiver manuals said it should work I gave up. Optical doesn't seem to have any drawbacks anyway. Some sort of connection from the TV back to the receiver is necessary to get the audio from the built in apps (Netflix etc.) to the receiver even if I did choose to use the receiver as a switch, something I hadn't thought about ahead of time. I have nothing to say about the built in speakers. I checked to make sure they worked but I never expect to use them.Remote:Very good for a TV remote, the "V" button kind of reminds me of something from the Disney movie "Cars." Nice design touch. I use a Harmony remote most of the time but so far I haven't figured out the programming to control the built in apps (Netlix etc.) so I use the Vizio remote for that.Smart TV:I didn't care about the apps or WiFi but they came along for free with this very reasonably priced TV. The WiFi connection was easy and works fine, though the TV is right next to my router so I would expect a good signal. You can also plug in an Ethernet cable if you prefer. I've tried the Netflix and Amazon Instant Video apps, both work fine but use an older design, not as nice as the Apple TV or Roku versions. Apps get updated all the time so I expect these will improve. I did retire my 2nd gen Apple TV which I used mostly for Netflix because it only supported 720p and the Vizio version provides 1080p which is an obvious improvement on this larger screen.Delivery:Amazon "Enhanced Delivery" was provided by Pilot. Once Amazon sent it off to Pilot I lost track of where it actually was, but a little over a week after purchase the driver called me and asked if I was at home to receive delivery. I was expecting them to make an appointment in advance but it worked out OK. The box was undamaged and easy for the two of us to get into the house. The driver (not an installer, just a driver) said that his instructions were to unpack, remove the materials, and plug the TV in to see a "blue screen" indicating that it worked. The day it arrived the temp was 5 degrees F and he said that the TV had been in the cold warehouse and that it should be left in the packaging for several hours to warm up before trying to plug it in. He also advised me to keep the packaging. This seemed to make sense, but after about an hour it was warm to the touch and I was able to unpack and connect it myself without much trouble. I think the driver may have just wanted to get going a little faster, but as long as there was no damage it was OK with me. It was much easier than trying to get it home from the store myself.So, I'm very happy with this purchase so far (1 week). I haven't seen any of the problems reported by others, and I'm hoping it will last a long time.