I can say that I've had a few HDTV's over the years and the technology moves so fast that it's really hard to compare one to the next.  The reason I got this TV was for my grandparents.  They usually buy whichever TV is pushed onto them buy the electronics store, so I wanted to just get them a basic TV that would meet all of their needs without costing a fortune.  This TV does that.  My grandparents have an up-scaling DVD player and HD satellite TV, but other than that they really don't nitpick the little details that a home theater fan might.  They noticed that compared to their previous 32" Toshiba, their sound was much louder & cripser (probably due to larger speakers).  They also mentioned the picture seemed smoother & clearer - which probably is more because of the newness and higher refresh rate, compared to their 3 year old Toshiba.  They also mentioned that the remote was easier to use - easier to see the wording & less buttons.I can also add that the TV seems really light and mostly plastic around the edges (except the base which seems to be made of a heavy glass or gorilla glass type substance).  When I set up their TV I moved it direct to their house without breaking a sweat.  Any person with enough strength to carry 30 lbs, will do fine.  This could be a plus for those that hate the weight of moving TVs or fear the wall mounting process due to heaviness.  The "mostly plastic" exterior could also be a negative if it is dropped - I wouldn't expect this TV to be built for very much abuse.I think this is a perfect entry level TV for someone just getting into HD and wanted to test out a new Blu-ray player, etc.  If your looking for bells and whistles, look somewhere else though.  Most TVs now push the added features such as Wi-Fi, 3D, built in apps like Facebook, etc.  You will not see those premium features here, but you will get a good picture with surprisingly nice sound for such a low priced set.  I could've gone with a different and more established company name, but instead I decided to get a larger set.  My grandparents saw how much more TV they could get for the money and they were happy.  In many cases the big tier companies would sell a 26" set for this price, maybe 32" in the mid range companies.  That is a lot to consider when you realize your needs.  This 40" TLC works great and coming from Amazon allowed me to feel secure that customer service issues would be handled quickly and professionally.Sure I haven't had to use the 2 year warranty, but I feel that if this TV lasts through the 2 years that would be longer than some LCD & Plasmas I bought in the past.  I spent over $100 on a warranty for a TV at Walmart that died in less than 30 days, so even warranties are worthless if you pay high prices for them (the warranty didn't extend to the replacement TV).All and all, consider this a beginner's HD TV.  This will tell you what you like and what could be better in future purchases.  For tech savy HDTV lovers, spend a little more and shop in the "names you know" categories.