I did my research and compared prices, and this definitely seemed like the best set for me.  And for the first 20 days or so, it was great.  The set-up was easy, the menus were clear and helpful, the colors were good, and the picture was sharp.  Then, in the course of one evening, the picture went bad.  Brightly lit scenes were almost impossible to see because the whites overwhelmed them, people's faces looked like they were lit from within, and there were color artifacts and extensive blurring in fast-moving scenes.Samsung has a NO REPLACEMENT policy -- they will only repair the set, even if that means replacing most or all of the electronic parts.  That would have been OK, if I could have gotten the TV fixed easily, but it was not to be.  On the first service visit, the technician replaced the main board and power supply, but that did not fix the problem.  Having already been without my TV for two weeks, I tried to expedite the part (screen and screen driver) needed for the second effort.The technician told me I had to call Samsung.  Samsung told me only the technician could place and expedite the order.  Finally, after asking to speak with a manager, the Samsung customer rep called the technician's company directly, and then assured me (on  Monday) that the part had been ordered and expedited, and that it would arrive with the technician no later than Friday morning.  (She also told me if the second repair did not fix my set, I would get a new one; but I never got as far as testing that.)The following Monday -- the first day I could get on the repair schedule -- I was told that the part not only had not been received, but had not been SHIPPED by Samsung.  When I called Samsung, I was told that my repair ticket had been CLOSED.  The customer rep opened a new one, but then told me that I would need to call back, as the service dept was too busy to talk with me immediately to figure out what had happened to the previous order.  When I asked to talk with a manager, I was told I would have to hold for 10-15 minutes.  When I asked to have a manger call ME, I was told that was just not possible.At this point, I called Amazon, and was told that they would refund my money and would also pay the cost of return shipping.  The most amazing part of the whole experience was that when I called Samsung back and told them I was going to return the TV and would never buy another Samsung product, the customer rep with whom I spoke displayed no apparent concern and made no effort to change my mind.  The same was true of the person who called later that day to ask how my repair went (presumably based on the erroneously closed ticket) and if I was satisfied.  This was in stark contrast to Amazon customer service reps, who clearly care whether customers have a good experience with the company.  Kudos to Amazon, and goodbye to Samsung.