It is hard to believe that no one else leaving a review has mentioned this: I have had this TV for one year and the only 3D movie I have seen is the kiddie movie 'Monsters and Aliens' about cartoon monsters. None of the movies from Netflix like Hubble 3D or Piranha 3D or Step Up 3D have the actual 3D feature on them. They have a 3D like depth and quality but there won't be anything leaping off the screen like it does in the theaters. Even Avatar 3D is not in 3D unless you get it with the purchase of a Panasonic 3D TV.Excerpt from [...]:"Avatar" on 3D Blu-ray may not be available in general release for another year, claims a report from T3 magazine.According to U.K.-based tech publication, Panasonic confirmed that it has exclusive selling rights to "Avatar" on 3D Blu-ray through February 2012. After that, the film will be made available for general release.Assuming that's true, consumers will have to leap some serious hurdles and cough up some serious cash just to get their hands on James Cameron's blockbuster on 3D Blu-ray. That version was released exclusively via Panasonic on December 1.Currently, Panasonic is offering a copy of the film in its 3D Full HD Ultimate Pack, which also includes two pairs of Panasonic 3D glasses. That bundle sells for $399.95.Consumers can also opt to buy a Panasonic Viera 3D HDTV VT series or GT series set, which comes with the 3D Full HD Ultimate Pack. Panasonic is also offering a free copy of "Avatar" to people who bought one of its 3D sets between March 10 and November 30. To tap that offer, customers must fill out a mail-in request form.It's worth noting when Panasonic launched its "Avatar" offering, a company representative wouldn't tell CNET how long it had the exclusive rights to sell the film.If "Avatar" on 3D Blu-ray isn't made available until 2012, though, it will have another blockbuster to contend with.In September, LucasFilm announced that it will start showing 3D versions of the "Star Wars" saga in theaters in 2012 with the launch of "Star Wars: Episode 1 The Phantom Menace." Reports claim LucasFilm will then premiere the rest of the films in chronological order by episode each year after that. There is currently no word on when those films will be offered on 3D Blu-ray. (My comment: Probably YEARS from now).Yes the TV picture is fine (sound really sucks, MUST use costly external speakers.) I am sure the 3D works just fine, it worked great in the stupid 'Monsters and Aliens' film that came with it.  So the moral of this story is I paid probably $1500.00 to $2000.00 more for a 3D TV and the only movie I can actually SEE in 3D is the above mentioned children's film.Please BEWARE you are paying ALOT of money for a feature that is TOTALLY USELESS.Oh and yes the Samsung 3D TV will convert 2D to (a wierd version of 3D), but not the version where things actually Pop out of the screen. WHAT A RIPOFF.