My family got this TV at Fry's in February. My father is very frugal usually and getting him to purchase such an expensive TV was a task in itself, but I reassured him that Samsung products were best and that they have excellent customer service that I have read about many times.  Couple weeks ago we were watching TV and all of a sudden a four inch wide horizontal line is across the screen.  My dad thought it was Comcast but I knew it wasn't the minute I walked up to the TV.  The white bar goes closer to each edge than the Comcast picture.  Tried turning off and on and the white bar is right across the Samsung logo and for a few moments there are green speckles that fade away.My father upon seeing this wanted his money back.  The TV is only really used on the weekend when he is home.  I know Samsung doesn't care about how little it is used so I told him I would call and deal with it and see what they can do.  I called Samsung and gave them all the information they wanted.  I also ran the test image to confirm it was a TV issue.  They asked when I bought the TV and I said February 2012 and they said I had to prove it!  Okay why do I have to prove it before they send someone?  Can't the technician check my receipt?  I asked what's the fastest way to "prove" my purchase.  They gave me a crazy email address to send a PDF to.  So I did the scans and sent the message.  I asked the rep if she received my email. No sir the receipt goes into a queue and will be processed in two to three days.  I have to wait for them to review my receipt before they will do anything for me at all!Well waited until the following week.  Got an email saying my receipt was confirmed and my status was something along of the lines of ASR optimization in process or some other garbage.  Two days pass and I get another email saying my ticket was cancelled.  I called Samsung and the person on the phone has no idea why the ticket was cancelled.  She says she has to transfer me to executive support to answer my question.  So I tell the new person the whole story and they say the repair facility has cancelled the ticket and to please hold while she calls them to find out why.  The repair facility says the ticket was transferred to them from another facility and that since it was two days old they thought it was a mistake and canceled it without contacting Samsung or myself.  Samsung says the only thing they can do is recreate the ticket with the same repair company and it will take another 48 hours before they will contact me.In the mean time I decide to look up Lakes Electronics, the repair company.  Take some time and Google the for yourself and read the great horror stories about them.  I thought to myself well no big deal they are a big chain some people will have some problems.  This made my father even more angry and he insisted that either I stay home from work or he will to monitor the repair.Finally get a call from Lakes electronics to fix the TV last week.  Well we can't come this week the earliest was today (Monday).  No we can't schedule times for repair and we only repair until 3pm with two hours flex.  We don't work weekends.  Literally our only option was to take off work.  My father decided he would take off today to monitor the work done on the TV.  Well come this past Friday at 4pm my mother gets a phone call from Lakes Electronics.  We can't come to your house on Monday the parts haven't arrived yet.  What parts!?!?  I ended up calling them back from work and ask them how they can have parts on order when they haven't been to the house yet.  Well it's a common issue having vertical lines on the TV so we already ordered the parts to bring to your house. Which side of the TV is the line on sir? It's a horizontal line across the upper middle of the screen.  So what parts are you ordering?  Well sir we should still have the parts you need and we can't send anyone until we receive the parts which should be showing up on Monday.  Well my dad fortunately was able to cancel taking today off.  Called Lakes Electronics today and they actually got nasty with my mother telling her not to call them and they would call when they have the parts.Samsung has made this extremely painful and I don't even want to know how angry my father will be if this weekend this TV is still broken.  I'll update as this saga continues.Update 6/27/2012Making the review three stars from being one star.  Lakes Electronics sent a great tech and they ended up replacing the whole panel, video chips, and power board.  Really the only thing that stayed the same was the outer shell, speakers, main board.  TV is working well and runs much cooler.  Still was an insane process to get to here.