First let me tell you... this is a great TV! I first wanted to get a 8000 series 3D TV but since not much content yet, I decided to go with this one.It's got nice and crisp picture quality. It's just amazing how clear the picture is.Internet feature is nice to have but not so intuitive. There aren't that many apps but I expect more apps near future. It's got a nice diagnostic feature to detemine what kind of internet speed you have and how your streaming experience would be like.I have not detected any ghosting nor pixalation... even if I can detect those I won't be surpriced since there are some technical limitations to those matters and I have seen from other reviews that it does not happen a lot.Sound is kid of on the weak side but what do you expect from an ultra-slim TV... So I connected to my Samsung Home Theatre System and that worked great.Now let me tell you how DNLA feature of this TV is. I have seen numerous reviews on how great this TV is with a lot of details but not really how to stream all kinds of video formats over the network. So I thought I'd give a litte more details on how it got it to work properly.DNLA works great..."BUT" that's if you have the right media sharing application on your computer.At first, I was happy that I was able to stream movie files from a home computer until I realized that Samsung PC Share was not working well. It cannot map network drives nor it can stream MKV files. The TV itself can play MKV files via USB drive but not via network.So I relalized that it must be the sharing utility that's giving me hard time not the TV itself... Some research and I tested with the follwing:1. Windows Media (From XP and Win 7): This works with AVI files but not w/ MKV and it cannot index all your library... it sometimes does and sometimes doesn't...2. PS3MediaServer: confusing interface... and somehow it kept crashing my computer...3. TwonkyMedia: This was a potential keeper since works better than above options but it does not work with MKV either. So out of my computer...4. Mezzmo: Among all the ones I tried, it's got the best interface and easy setup. It can create library from my mapped network drives and USB drives. Best of all, it can stream MKV without any problem. It's got the TV profile for different TV models including this TV... I guess it's used to detemine the file formats that the device can play so it can transcode non-supported video formats before it streams to your TV. Ability to rename the shared folder names is a huge plus for those like myself who likes to have the folders organized. I haven't really tested yet but it's got options to share your iTunes library as well. I guess this could be handy if you want to share your videos in iTunes library... So far Mezzmo worked great with my TV. Streaming has been flawless regardless the file size and format.Conclusion: TV itself is just great...I strongly recommend it... but not the Samsung PC Share if you are looking to use the DNLA feature. If you a looking into using DNLA then just install Mezzmo and you'll be ready to go.