Ended up settling for this one after problems with 3 others from local store. Figured it would be alright since Westinghouse used to be a good quality brand. First thing the clock was a spazz. Set the date & time, turn it off and back on and not only would the time be wrong but the date would change. Every time I turned it on the date would be anywhere from a couple weeks off to several years ahead or behind. I figured Oh well, I have plenty of other clocks and it doesn't matter if it has one or not since the picture was good. And it did have a great picture! Just before I bought this one a friend had got a 42" Vizio and tried talking me into getting one. But comparing his Vizio to this Westinghouse, this one had a far better picture. His Vizio was like watching TV through a screen door compared to this Westinghouse. I was pretty happy with it. It could have a couple more HDMI plugins on it and the speakers could be a little better. And for the price it should have WiFi built into it. But it wasn't too bad of a TV. Until a couple days ago.The drain for my kitchen sink got hopelessly clogged the other day and I was working on that while the TV was on. Then I noticed the sound quit. Turned around and looked at it and it was turned off. I thought. Now the thing wont turn on. I unplugged the power converter from the surge-protector power strip and plugged it in a different wall outlet. Still wouldn't turn on. Took the power converter out to my workshop and tested it with my electrical tester and it was putting out the voltage that the sticker on it says its supposed to put out. So there's nothing wrong with the power converter. I've emailed Westinghouse customer service, 3 days ago. I got a confirmation email from them that they received my email but haven't had any other contact from them. So tomorrow I'll start the game of Phone Tag with the automated phone system and see if I can talk to an actual person and find out if this thing has a reset button somewhere or a little fuse somewhere that can be replaced. Usually that's all is need when something like this just shuts off and wont turn on. Unfortunately I cant find the extended warranty I think I bought for it. By my receipt its 6 months past its Westinghouse warranty. Any which way I look at it I'm screwed out of $584 bucks I paid for it. 18 months of use just ain't worth that much. That comes out to just over $32 a month to have it. I ain't going to say what the cable company is screwing me for. But for $32 a month I may as well of had one of the rent to own things. Then it wouldn't cost me anything to replace it.So, if you already have one of these, good luck. Maybe you will have one that will last for years. I just wish I could have read some of these before I settled for this one because it sure didn't turn out to be worth what I paid for it. Specially since I had saved up my money for 2 years to buy the stupid thing. Being on SS disability what I paid for it is over half of months income for me.