I have literally waited years for an HDTV with all the right specs (120Hz, 1080p, high contrast, 3 HDMI (1.3) inputs, x.v.Color, etc.), but finally it's here, and the long wait has been well worth it. It is simply awesome.I was very tempted with the Sony XBR4, but this one beats the Sony hands down on looks, contrast, clarity and especially price! The many features it has and the specifications it supports are probably hard to find in terms of signal input (such as hi-definition programming or discs that are available now), but I wanted to be relatively future-ready. Both the screen and the edge around it are highly reflective, so if this would bother you, or you have light coming from behind you as you are watching, this one may be too shiny for its own good. I was initially worried about the reflection, and I don't quite understand why the bezel around the screen itself has to be so shiny as well (maybe to match?). Having said that; the "glossy" screen makes this LCD TV look like a high-end plasma screen, and it is probably going to compete with the best plasma's out there. The contrast is simply incredible, and the light output was so bright that I had to tone down the brightness setting, and increase the energy saving mode.And this is exactly where personal preference comes in. You may see this screen in a store where it is cranked way up for certain settings, and you may not like the contrast, brightness, or color. There are - of course - ample settings to play with and it is quite possible to "dial in" what you like best. So don't be disappointed in the store, and don't give up on this Samsung just yet - give it another chance by trying one out at home. Just as you need to select the proper viewing size, so that everything looks normal and not too stretched or squeezed, the color, contrast and saturation settings need to reflect a normal picture. And then there are settings (like the x.v.Color) that will do injustice to the image, if the input signal does not utilize this color-space.There is a now (in-)famous blue Samsung light on the bottom of the screen that can be set to be on when the TV is on, or on when the TV is off, or always on, or always off. Using an HDMI connection, turning the TV off also turns our connected receiver off, and vice versa. You can name each input on the TV with a specific name-tag, such as DVD, game, and so on. The few "bad" things that I have noticed are blurry contours of fast-moving subjects (when you look close) or occasional slow frames / jumpy picture for a short time. These may be due to processing by the TV, may be due to incorrect settings, may occur already in the players or may actually be in the (compressed) signals itself. These problems have occurred watching blu-ray movies using a Sony PS3, and DVDs on the PS3 or on a Pioneer DVD player. Not a super big problem, but it is something I keep noticing and worrying about. Our one & only PS3 game so far looks fantastic, and I haven't noticed any movement issues while playing that. I was also very worried that standard DVD's and our home-made picture DVD's would look relatively bad, but they are still OK to watch and they look absolutely fantastic on this new TV as compared to our old one. With the TV set to 1080p, I do not see a clear difference in a DVD signal put out as 480p compared to the same DVD signal up-converted to 1080p by a pioneer DVD player or the PS3. If anything I would say the PS3 looks better. There is definitely a tremendous difference when you look at something on DVD (up-converted to 1080p) and then look at the exact same footage on a blu-ray disc (both played on the PS3). There is so much more detail that it puts a lot of the blogs and discussions (about seeing a real difference with 1080p or not - on a 40 inch screen) to shame. See the 2 images of Planet Earth footage I have also posted. The pictures were taken from about 9 feet away, using a tripod. The DVD was set to up-convert to 1080p. TV settings were exactly the same for both images.We're not using the sound of the TV itself, so I cannot comment on that at all.Pros: 3 HDMI (1.3) inputs, super clear panel, INCREDIBLE clarity and color; a great system with lots of hi-tech specifications.Cons (all relatively minor):Highly reflective screen (although this makes the picture quality awesome!).Highly reflective edge. When the TV is off, the reflective screen is bad enough, but with the shiny edge it can look really bad.No "name tag" for HD-DVD player or Blu-ray player in the menu list to assign to HDMI input (very minor point - I agree - and may be fixed by future updates?).In short - look no further. This is the one you want.This is a review of the Samsung 4071F.The following products have also been mentioned and are also available from Amazon:Sony Playstation 3 (PS3)Planet Earth