This TV is a good value for only $79 at Frys. It looks nice and seems to be well made. The full size remote is better than most, it looks nice and is easy to use. If you want to go to a channel and punch in 8, for instance, it know to go to 8.2 which saves a lot of button pressing. The program guide shows information about the current program and upcoming programs also which other sets such as Emersons can't do. The tuner is more sensitive than most and can pull in even the weakest low power stations. I was able to get all the stations from Phoenix and Tucson with my roof top antenna, approximately 65 channels.  The picture is bright and sharp with bright colors and very, very bright whites. The picture is so white that it takes some getting used to because it makes blues look almost too blue. The tint control can be adjusted for only red or green, there's no way to tone down the blue. The display has that shiny, clear coating that is all the rage now instead of having a coating that eliminates reflections. The case is also very shiny so it's best to use this set in a darkened room without any light sources behind you or you will have a lot of reflections from the screen.  The Color intensity is turned up way too high by default and needs to be backed off a lot to keep skin tones from looking much too red. While the resolution is only 1366X768 that is fine for a display of this size. The biggest problem however is the 6 bit color that can only display 262k colors instead of 16.7 million colors like other sets. That means it will lose a lot of small detail in the picture because color gradients can't flow smoothly and you will get strips of different solid colors instead. It looks OK from a distance but if you check up close everything looks more like a painting than a photo, kind of like that ad for the stock broker Charles Schwab where everyone's face is painted in.The field of view is narrow from left to right and up and down also. You get a great view straight on, which is fine for one person, but move a little off to the side or up and down and you don't see anything much. If you put the TV on a night stand by the bed and adjust it to watch while sitting up you won't see much if you lie down. It does tilt a little but might need a book underneath the base to tilt it for best viewing angle. There are mounting holes on the back for a stand with better movement however. The manual says the set has 6 Watt amplifiers and built in Dolby digital decoder for Superior Sound but that's a joke. The speakers in the bottom of the case can't be any bigger than 1" diameter and sound worse than listening to a pocket size transistor radio. There's nothing but mid range audio, sort of like a tin can on a string. It sounds so bad that it's not even suitable for casual viewing unless you use headphones or get a good pair of 2.1 powered speakers but they are cheap at Goodwill.My biggest concern is with the LED backlights. White LEDs don't last very long and there's no information about replacing them or even if they are replaceable when they start to get dim. While people are used to red or green LEDs lasting a long time there is no such thing as a white LED because they only produce one single color. White is produced by taking a blue LED that is coated with yellow phosphor, like the kind on the front of a TV picture tube, that glows when the LED activates it so the combined result of yellow and blue looks white. The life of a white LED depends on the quality of the phosphor and can very from a couple of weeks to 2-3 years depending on how expensive it was so the life of this set remains to be seen.Also, the set really does turn on by itself like others have said. It's happened a couple of times aready.