First off, to give a little background, I searched reviews for months on purchasing a new TV.I decided to go with the Sharp 70" 735U.However, after 2 days, I just couldn't live with it any longer.The picture was bright, vibrant, with beautiful colors, but I couldn't get past a few things that plagued this LED.The pixelation, the weird effect it gave to movies, and the uneven backlighting.So I returned it, and after much deliberation, went with the PN64D8000 Plasma.I COULDN'T BE HAPPIER!Now on to the review. (JULY 11 Mfg Date)Out of the box, the picture on this is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!In Movie Mode the blacks are extremely deep, and the colors very accurate.Right now, I have the contrast turned down until I've broken it in for at least 200 hrs.I have this in my living room with 4 floor to ceiling windows all of which have blinds.The room gets bright, but this TV displays perfectly in my well lit room.To address certain issues others are experiencing....BUZZING:  I have very acute hearing, and I haven't noticed any noise at all.SCREEN PEELING:  None yet, but I'm not too worried about it as Samsung will repair any peeling issues.BURN IN:  None yet as I always do a break in first, and always utilize the screen saver.BRIGHTNESS POPS:  Yes, they do exist in certain dark to light changes.However, mine are so quick and subtle that if I wasn't looking for them based on other reviews, I'd honestly probably wouldn't notice them. These are not a deal breaker for me. Look at the reviews of the Panasonic VT30; they apparently suffer from it also.The pops are so few, far between, and subtle, that I can certainly live with it.SPEAKERS:  They're not the greatest, but get the job done.  Let's be realistic, what would you expect from a 1.5" thick TV.If you buy a TV in this price range, I would think you'd want to pair it with at least a good 5.1 system.3D:  SIMPLY AMAZING. IMAX Creatures of the Deep had my 3yr old son hide behind his mom when the cod fish came out hovering over our coffee table. LOL.SPORTS:  One word, OMG!!GAMES:  I read a lot of reviews talking about ghosting.Some games do a bit, some don't. But think about it.If you're so into games, that you notice ghosting, buy a high end PC Monitor with a 2ms refresh rate.You won't get a higher refresh rate on a TV other than a plasma.COD MW3 looks amazing. I've been in the tech field for 15 years, and have built high end custom gaming PC's on the side.The only thing that looks better than this plasma is a PC teamed with a $600 DX11 video card and high end monitor at 180 fps.MOVIES:  BREATHTAKING!  This is how films are meant to look.The LED I had purchased prior, left a cheap "daytime tv" look, even after turning off the Aquos 240hz motion and turning on film mode.REMOTE CONTROL:  Pretty cool and it works but I use a Logitech universal which I really like to control all my components.APPS:  Nice to have, but I don't really use them.The built in media player works pretty good, but I already have a stand alone media player.The built in one will play 1080p 3D rips, and has played all the MKV's, MP4's, and AVI's that I've thrown at it for test.Again, being in the tech field for many years, ALL high end and even low end technology have some inherent issues.So, IMO, if you like games, movies, and sports, you definitely won't be disappointed in this TV from Samsung.It has the best picture I've seen in years besides the Pioneer Kuro.Just make sure to break it in first.UPDATE (1/27/2012) ------------------------Well, unfortunately I have to lower my review on the 64" D8000.  After less than a week, the screen started going black periodically, and remained black for 5-10 seconds.  At first, I thought it was my cable box, but it progressively got worse.Then it started happening while watching my Apple TV.  So I then thought it could be the receiver.  I bypassed my Pioneer receiver, and guess what....still going out.  Even tried a different HDMI cable.  So I contacted Samsung.  USELESS!  Their tech support guy told me to reset the TV to the factory default (TV was still on factory default except for a lower contrast), then had me update the firmware to the same version I was already running.  USELESS TECH SUPPORT.  Needless to say that I was within my return date from the store I had purchased it from, and my problem was progressively getting worse and more frequent.I returned the Samsung, and was not willing to take another chance at a potentially faulty screen.  My thoughts were, "What if this one waits until after 30 days until it goes out?"  Based on Samsung's tech support, I was NOT going to do this again, not for $3k.Anyway, I'm lowering my review to 3 stars.  The picture was AMAZING, but the quality and tech support were not up to par.I guess being an Apple guy, I have higher expectations from tech support and quality.I picked up the Panasonic TC-P65VT30 yesterday.  I'll review it after a couple of week's with it to see how it performs.