First about price and buying from Amazon. I have been researching for quite a while to replace my old 27" Toshiba. It was 15 years old and I had already repaired it once myself when the verticle deflection went out, I didn't want to wait till it went out again (and be beyond my ability to repair) and have to buy an HDTV at the going market rate. When this SONY went on pre-super bowl sale for $518 (and I had a credit card promotion in conjunction with Amazon to get an additional 5% cash back) I jumped on this as an excellent value. I ordered from Amazon on Sunday night January 22 and received it Wednesday afternoon January 25 on free super saver shipping! Fortunately I did not pay for fast delivery, it just shipped that fast. I had read several previous reviews where that was the case and would advise anyone buying an HDTV from Amazon to NOT pay for extra delivery since it already comes that way by default. I was very happy with the speed of delivery and the value.Now, about the TV itself. The packing was excellent, it would take quite some effort to damage it in it's box. It was easy to unpack; as soon as I opened the top there was a one sheet pictograph set of instructions on how to properly unpack. Attaching the base was easy and quick. Other than connecting the cables, that was the only assembly required. This is a basic entry level HDTV, it does not have internet, 3-D, or a multitude of HDMI connections. It has two (2) true HDMI, a component (which can carry HDMI excluding 1080p cinema), a PC VGA (which they count as HDMI) and they advertise this set as having 4 HDMI inputs in some of the web sites. It has PiP (Picture in Picture), BUT, and an important BUT, it appears it's only for the PC input to allow one to watch a program and see their computer on the same screen. I haven't fully explored that option yet, when I do, I'll come back and add/edit my review. If you're a gamer or have a number of HDMI devices you may need either an HDMI switch or get another TV with more "true" HDMI inputs. I personally don't like to combine too many functions in one piece of equipment, for instance I've never bought a combo TV/VCR/DVD since if one of the add on's die you'll have to buy a seperate item later. I purchased, through my company's employee rewards program so no cash cost to me, a SONY Blu Ray player with internet capabilities, (but that's another review). It provides me with internet and I'm one of the 20% or so where 3-D causes eye/head ache issues. Bottom line, entry level has all I want/need but I want to detail this enough so that if you're looking for more, then you'll know to look for something else.The image is vibrant and highly defined with High Def signals and still excellent with Standard Def signals. In my online research, as well as personal experience in different motels, not all HDTV's have good displays of standard definition signals. That was one of my minimum requirements since I have a number of DVD's (not Blu Ray) and some VCR tapes with shows recorded on them. I get both High and Standard Def signals over cable, I haven't connected an antenna for Over The Air (OTA) signals yet, but I hope to do so shortly, just as a back up when the cable drops, and cable always drops some time during the year. There are an abundance of options to tune the picture quality. I realize it does not have some of the discrete controls for the videophile, but for the vast majority of users, there is far more than enough for a great picture for any program, whether sports, Blu Ray movies or regular TV shows. The consumer magazine that rates products like these does subtract points for a narrower viewing angle than some other recommended LCD TV's. Technically, I have to agree, but in my home environment (living room recessed within entertainment style wall unit), I don't and won't be able to view in those wider angles, so that's not a problem for me.The sound is fine, unless you want a "theatre" experience, and it has a digital optical output connection to connect to your home theatre system if that's what you want. The built in speakers are downward facing, but still come in clearly. Usually on the scale of 1 to 100 I put it between 35 to 50 depending on the particular show. I will only crank it up higher than that if i'm watching from the kitchen or dining area. There are some problems with the sound, but I believe it is more as a result of the modulation schemes for full broadcast HD (8 sidebands) versus the cable clear QAM (4 sidebands) and how the cable company encodes the 8 to 4 down-conversion. Since I have not connected the antenna for OTA full HD broadcast signals, I haven't had a chance to test that theory. Later when I do, I hope to return and add those comments. The sound is fine on most normal TV shows, sports and news shows. I have an older/pre-HDMI SONY AV receiver amp to which I've connected the TV's RCA analog outputs. That adds and extra depth and clarity even though I only have a basic two speaker system.In summary: purchasing from Amazon is 5 stars, video is 5 stars, sound 4 stars. Only time will tell on durabiity/reliability, but the consumer magazine/web site ranks SONY high on that and my other SONY products bear that out.