So in purchasing this tv I originally had some problem with what I thought was the panel and flickering and pixels along edges and outlines of objects and people. I am changing my review to 5 stars from 3 stars to update what has transpired since the purchase.Even with standard definition cable the image is good. Not like HD or blu-ray, but a nice image. The problem I encountered from changing from my older panasonic viera to this one was since it is HD, it noticed the lower signal strength of the cable coming into the house that the 480p screen did not really pick up.I'm still not sure why a standard DVD player shows such a bad signal, but the Oppo 93 I just purchased was great.I hooked up a new Oppo 93, and I have to say the picture is amazing! So rating has been changed to reflect this. Others that have the same problem, check your cable signal strength as a possible source. This screen will pick up any problem.I guess the one thing I will say is the option that the tv has to solve this problem did not work for me, so maybe the signal strength was to bad for the tv to solve internally in custom mode.After reading some poor reviews about Panasonic CS on other products I thought I would update my review with how I was treated. As for my customer service support from Panasonic I was pleasantly suprised. I filed my ticket online and within 4 days I had a response asking intial questions. When I was able to reply, it only took another couple of days to get a reply then a couple more tech out to the house. Yes it wasn't super fast, but it solved my concern. Many peaople have bad opinions about Panasonic support, but I for one was happy with what I got. Yes it wasn't an immediate answer, but it did solve my concern and in the end that's what I needed. In times where we expect things done yesturday, I for one don't mind waiting a bit as long as I'm heard. And Panasonic listened to me.Old Review -  can be disregarded. Just left to show change from 3 start to 5 star.I purchased my 60 inch ST30 for a steal of a deal after I promised myself I would wait for a while to see how these new models were performing.No green blob, no fluctuating brighness, none of the other concerns that people have been observing and reporting. I felt really lucky. I performed the panel prep as some sites recommend and used the calibration settings specified for custom mode.My set is hooked up to a HD cable box, standard DVD player and a Denon AVR 891 receiver by HDMI cables, and component for the DVD.When watching cable and movies, the outlines of objects (stationary and slow moving) have a very pixelated look to them that have a variety of colours and make the image look out of focus... Almost like the outline is flickering. So unlike a lot of reviewers I can't be happy with the PQ even when Im not being picky about a product I spent so much money on at a good price... It is not the problem some sets have for flickering with fast moving objects as my son and I were watching Barney and he was standing still at the time!My other complaint is the hours that Panasonic Concierge service has in Canada for customer support. It is only 9 to 4:30 EST, monday - Thurs so if I'm on the west coast, as I am, I would have to leave work at 1:30 just to call when the office closes!!!! To me that is not customer support as most people watch their tvs in the evening, and can't take time off work to deal with a problem during the day!!!!! No other option besides doing that!!!!!I will be filing a remedy ticket with Panasonic to see about fixing the problem and will edit this post if the problem is solved.