I purchased this set on Nov. 30,2011. It was due to be delivered on 12-9. Shipping was delayed by adverse weather and unit didn't arrive until 12-12 , a Monday. Tracking on the shipment left a lot to desired. UPS tracking seemed to be a few hours behind where the set actually was at all times. We waited  all day assuming that a purchase that cost this much would probably require a signature. We finally left at 6:00 pm figuring they had missed us. Unit was left on side porch without checking to see if we were home. It would have been easy for a passerby to give themselves a free Christmas present.Because of late arrival, didn't assemble unit until Tuesday. Unit requires 8 srews ( 2 sets of 4) to attach stand to the TV. Unit was missing 4 screws. Tried Lowe's and Home Depot to replace. No luck. Called Samsung's 800 service number. You would have thought I was asking for a new set. I asked the service rep to send all 8 screws since I didn't know which four were missing. He asked for everything but my shoe size and birth certificate, constantly putting me on hold for five or more minutes at a time. He finally agreed to send the screws in 3 to 5 busines days. The set could not be usd without these 4 lousy screws. I thought I talked him into overnighting the screws because he did say he would do that.Meanwhile I found a local company that dealt in hard to find screws and was able to find four that matched the missing ones. If you buy this set don't count on service for Samsung. Today is the 15th and still no replacement screws from them. So much for overnighting them. Set still wouldn't be running if I had waited for them. Because of this I plan to buy an extended warranty from someone else.Finally assembled the set. When you have all the parts the setup is easy. Obviously haven't had the set long but the picture is great. We checked in local stores before buying and liked the Samsung's picture best. There are some things I wished I had noticed before buying this set. This is a smart tv that is able to access the internet. However It doesn't come with an ethernet connection and the wireless LAN connector wasn't cheap. It has only two HDMI connections. I used 1 for my cable box and one for my DVD player. I hope I don't need to connect anything else. The set improves the quality of standard channels but it really sings in HD. I like the high def so much I sprang for an extra $5 a month on my cable to get the HD channels.It took quite awhile to download all the software for the smart tv but after that evcerything worked great. I gave it 3 stars mostly because of poor srevive from Samsung and the lack of sufficient connectors. If this is not a problem for you, this is a great set for the price, although I would suggest you consider a service contract from someone other than Samsung. If I keep getting the picture quality I am getting now, I'll have no regrets.