I ordered this set on 12\19 and was delighted to hear that they would deliver it on 12\23 before the Christmas weekend. My delight was short-lived when Pilot called the morning of delivery and said they would not be able to deliver until after Christmas, on the 27th. If this were in fact a Christmas present I would have been SOL. I was also very surprised to see only one Pilot delivery person, a woman, show up with the set. I had to help her unbox and mount the set on the stand. Despite these delivery snafus, the set arrived in good shape.I spent weeks researching the pros and cons of this set on various AV web forums before purchase. The potential downsides I saw were 1) Brightness pops, 2) Buzzing, and 3) Screen glare. Since all of my video viewing is done at night, I had no concerns about the glare. And since I believe for every person who posts a problem with a given piece of equipment, there are probably 100 or more who have no issues (and therefore have no compelling reason to post anything), I decided to gamble. The gamble paid off.I have seen no brightness pop issues whatever. This may be due to the fact that even before the break-in period, I adjusted the set to one of the recommended configurations on AVSForum. The impression I got from my forum reading was that the brightness pop issues were almost certainly due to the Eco-mode and power-savings settings. When these are turned off I believe that the brightness pops are no longer a concern.The buzzing does exist on my set, but is so minimal it's not a problem for me. I can only hear it when no sound is playing from the set, and I sit roughly 7 feet from the screen. Even then, it could be mistaken for something else, like an AC unit outside. When watching anything at even low volume, the buzzing is inaudible. (It is very bizarre how it can be so directional, though.)I can't speak to how this set compares to any similar flat-panel sets since I have used a projection system for all of my viewing previously. So, of course, the black levels and contrast ratio of this set look fantastic compared to a 4 year-old projector. The one issue I may have to contend with is the heat. The set gives off a significant amount of heat from the top. In the winter, this is an advantage. But during a Florida summer, while the central AC is struggling against high-80's outside temperatures, this TV\space heater might get a little annoying.I have only spent a small amount of time trying out the SmartTv aspects of the set, but so far I am vastly underwhelmed. The interface is cluttered and confusing and slow. The only thing that looks useful is Netflix, but my PS3 already gives me that. I had hopes that it could see the shares on my network drives and play video files directly, but no. It requires video-server software (like Tversity) running on a computer in order to play files. Pretty lame. My WD Tv Live can do a better job with a cleaner interface. Oh well.I had no real hopes for the 3D aspects of this set. I have considered 3D a gimmick desperately in search of a market. But the few movies I checked out in 3D were fairly impressive. 3D might catch on after all.