We moved long distance and got rid of all our old TVs as they were in danger of breaking in transit and would not be covered by the moving insurance. We love this new TV that we've been using for almost two months with Comcast cable and DSL wifi Internet with AT&T.; We like it so much we selected this one again to buy for our home's second TV. So, we own two of these models now.The picture quality is very good.The HD is excellent. (These are our first HD TVs.) I was surprised to see that on our second set, which we chose to rent a less expensive Comcast cable box without HD, the picture does not fill the screen. The size of the images varies between two different sizes depending on the program and has a big black border all around the edges. We were trying to save some money on the monthly rental fee for the cable box by having no HD on the set we use much less but now I'm not sure it's worth it due to the size difference.Having the apps on the TV is very convenient for instant streaming through Amazon.com and Netflix. It is simple to use and therefore you do not have to hook a laptop up to the TV screen to view the internet streamed video on the TV screen. Honestly I don't need Facebook or Twitter on my *television*! I mainly want the apps for easiest instant streaming of video.This model is 120 hz which makes it more expensive than the 60 hz models that Vizio sells (and the same goes for other brands). A commenter to my review explained it this way "The hz is the screen refresh rate. The hz is how many times/second the tv displays the picture. It wouldn't directly impact streaming quality. Only your internet connection would affect that. Where you would notice the difference between 60hz and 120hz is in fast moving video segments, like in sports or movie/tv scenes where there are fast moving objects. 60hz displays the picture 60 times/second while 120hz is double that."  While in a warehouse store recently (where it is fast and easy to compare different models with the same screen size) I noted that most TVs in this screen size range with HD were only 60 hz. Make your selection carefully based on how you plan to use the TV.We also figured out that the price of the TV with the apps built in was less expensive or equal than buying an intermediary unit to run the instant streaming through; we chose the built-in apps for convenience as it is one less piece of machinery and it would have less wires to deal with.SOUND ISSUES with CABLE TV  ---  Just a couple of days after installing the TV our sound cut out when viewing cable TV. We troubleshooted the problem to be a bad, cheap quality cable that was provided to us free from Comcast to hook the TV to the cable box. We paid about $20 out of pocket for a new HDMI (best quality) cable. The choice of what cable to pick is shown on a chart on page 7 of the user manual with there being 5 choices on the market with Vizio recommending the best most expensive one (HDMI = $20). After spending this much on a TV I don't mind spending $20 on the HDMI cable! However I do resent the cable company with their expensive prices giving us such a cheaper useless one, really they should give out HDMI cables!SOUND ISSUES with XBox360 --- A couple of weeks into using the TV with the xBox360 the sound started cutting out off and on. We have troubleshooted it to the cable wire again as the sound on the TV is just fine.The instruction manuals are very good and have lots of visuals including color photographs for the steps. The set was simple to set up and my eleven year old son has been hooking them up with ease.