I thoroughly investigated LCD vs. Plasma and decided that LCD best suited my needs.  But the job was only 1/2 over - I had to select the set.  I read specs, checked prices, read more specs, went to electronic forums and asked specific questions about various sets, visited stores so I could see and compare images and finally settled on the Sharp Aquos 37".  I've had it for over 2 months now waiting to see if anything is going to go wrong, but it's just great.  It's been tested hard so far and the picture on HD is amazingly clear - I can only imagine that some news casters would prefer analog since every molecule of every mole on their faces can be clearly seen! (Well, a little exaggerated but the HD picture is truly very, very good).  The colors are beautiful.  We don't have it wall-mounted - sits in a TV cabinet.  No problem with the viewing angle or distance.  I wouldn't go any larger if you are closer than 14 feet or else the picture will look pixilated.  A big LCD screen with a short viewing distance is not the way to go.It has plenty of outputs/inputs on the back  with easy access.  I had to make a call to Sharp Technical Support about an input question and they were very helpful and friendly.  He also told me that since the set was considered a large one and would be difficult to carry to a repair shop  if a problem occurred which would require repair, that they would send someone over to the house free-of-charge for one year to fix it!  I also like the fact that Sharp is reputable company and stands behind it's products.  I avoided the disposable sets despite the raves about picture quality for fear I would have to dispose of it within 2 years if it needed repair.  I hope to be watching this set 10 years from now.If an electronic device is going to go bad, it usually does so within a year.  I have had the set on for 10 + hours a day. I don't plan on keeping it on that much in the future, but I work from home and I like to hear the background noise.  My only complaint is with the sound whenon digital stations and when watching DVD's.  It is very weak and still hard to hear even when it is cranked full blast.  I will probably get external speakers to remedy that.  However, when on analog stations the sound is very loud and easy to hear.  I don't know if the weak sound is due to the set or the station's/DVD's digital signal.What I love also is the fact that if a movie has been filmed in a dark environment - night, cave, or dark interior of a house - it is still easy to see what is going on.  On my old analog set I missed much of a movie due to dark scenes which we could not adjust to be seen.  Try watching, "Clan of the Cave Bear" and you will know what I mean.And you don't need a professional calibration to adjust the picture.  The menu is straight-forward and easy to understand.  It's well worth taking the 15 minutes or so to carefully go through all of the picture options and selecting those which make the picture good for you.  It will be glaring when first out of the box so take some time to adjust it.The only minor complaint I have so far is the wait between channel selections.  I'm used to going instantly from channel to channel and there is a lag time of about 1-2 seconds.  NO big deal.I like this TV a lot, and have ordered my 81 year old mother a 20" Sharp Aquos.  It hasn't arrived yet but I will certainly critique it at a later date.UPDATE:  September 1, 2008This set has been heavily used.  It is on more hours of the day than it should be.  It has worked perfectly.  I still love this set.  No problems ever.  We watched the Summer Olympics games in China and couldn't have asked for a better set with which to view them.  The opening ceremony in Beijing was truly awesome and no details were missed.UPDATE: 2.22.12This set has been great!  Still going strong despite it being used several hours every day.  Especially now that we use it to play Wii games on and watch movies on Netflix.  I love this T.V.!!!