First, let me talk about Amazon themselves. They offered a great price on the TV when I ordered it and their shipping was fast. I ordered this TV on September 4th and it was delivered on the 9th. I was in class the day this monster came, but luckily I got my parents to check for damages and such.The first thing I did when I came home was hooked everything up and calibrated my inputs. Then I immediately started playing some PS3 games (Skate and GT:5P which BTW both look amazing). Then my cousin came over and we tried out some Wii and some HD late night talk shows.Then last night I watched my first Blu-Ray movie (Sunshine to be exact); By the end of the flick I had to pick my jaw up off the floor and get a mop to clean up the drool. I watched this flick with another cousin of mine who was on the fence about Blu-Ray, and well after this movie he was convinced of the true difference in Blu.Anyways to get down to specifics on the TV itself. The TV offers amazing PQ right out of the box, but if calibrated it looks even better. (I recommend checking the AVSforum.com calibration settings thread for this TV). I get local HD channels from Comcast and they look superb.I have my Wii hooked up via component to my receeiver (Onkyo TX-SR606 to be exact) and then I have HDMI from the receiver to the TV. I have my receiver pass the Wii signal untouched and this TV does an awesome job of upscaling the Wii. My one cousin said he noticed some slight blurring in the upscaled signal but I couldn't notice it.Now two of the big issues people (can sometimes) have about this TV are purple haze and clouding. Purple haze is when you see a slight purple colored haze over your blacks. I did some basic tests on my set and didn't seem to have any purple haze (most times people don't have this issue). The other issue people have is clouding or more specifically when light behind the screen bleeds through creating a clouding effect on parts of the screen. (Most common around edges but it can move towards the center) I can say that my set has hardly any clouding if any at all.This two issues can scare some people to a point that they may decide against this set. Well I can say do not be one of these people, because this TV is amazing and you'd be hard pressed to find a better series of TVs (Samsung's 9 series would really be the only thing better than the 6 series.)I can say that the remote and the on screen menus are easy to use / navigate. I've had no issues with this TV so far. I've even hooked my PC up to this TV. I use this hook up mainly for games and emulation.I've spent many hours doing research on this TV and am very pleased. I would recommend this TV to anyone. If you have any doubts or need further info beyond this review you can either contact me or go to AVSForum.comBasically, (for those that want the short version)PROS:+Amazing PQ on all sources.+Easy to navigate remote and OSD+Great bang for your buck+Minimal if any at all off angle viewing issues+Minimal if any at all clouding / purple haze (There is ways to control these two, but if they are really bad you could probably just send this TV back for a new one)+Extreme happiness and amazement, as in this TV will blow you away.CONS:-The TV may take a few seconds longer then normal to turn onAgain if you need a good place to get good advice I recommend AVSForum.com and although Amazon may say I'm not technically an owner of this product, well I am, it's just that I ordered it under my dad's account.Well now that I've added my two cents on this TV I am going to enjoy it some more.Tech NOTE: For those interested I have a(n)...Sony 80gb PS3 (the old one with PS2 BC, SACD Support, 4 USBs, and Media Card support)Onkyo TX-SR606 (amazing receiver for the price)Nintendo WiiBasic cable from Comcast with locals in HDCreative SR750 7.1 700 Watt surround system. (This system rocks for now, but I may upgrade next summer)This is all for now!