UPDATE August 2013:I should have updated this six months ago, but SAMSUNG CAME THROUGH AND THEY ARE AN AWESOME COMPANY!After pursuing the matter as outlined below, I decided to write to the President of Samsung North America.  I obtained his address and contact information from the Samsung website.  I also took photographs of the TV misbehaving and enclosed the photos with the letter.  I also sent copies to my dealer and to Consumer Reports.Within a week after mailing the letter, I received a phone call from Samsung corporate.  They offered to replace the TV with a new, SMART TV (actually, a 60" as opposed to the 58").  All I had to do was pay an exchange fee of (as I recall) about $350.00.  This included air transportation and delivery of the new TV.The new set was delivered and they took away the old set.  I am very, very, happy with the outcome.  I do not know if the new set will last any longer, but the point is that SAMSUNG CAME THROUGH with a reasonable solution.  The new set is one of their newer SMART TV's with Bluetooth as opposed to infrared 3d glasses.  Its a great set and I am so happy.I will continue to purchase Samsung products.OLD INFORMATION BELOW:TV is 2.5 years old, paid $3K.  Until the past few months, watching this television was like wrapping yourself in a blanket made of milk chocolate...warm, sweet, and utterly satisfying.A few months ago it developed a purple/pink horizontal band whenever source material is mostly white.  I thought that, perhaps, my HDMI cable was responsible, but I replaced it and no difference.After researching this issue online, I have found that I am not alone.Unit is out of warranty and repair is $1,200.00 (replacing the display).  Obviously, no one would spend $3K on a television that only lasted 2.5 years.  I don't think I want to spend the $1,200.00 to repair this.  Prices have come down and I presume I can get a comparable TV for significantly less than $3K.After discussing this problem with service agency, I called the Samsung "Executive Customer Relations", who told me there is nothing they can do.  I am supposed to get a telephone call from a supervisor/manager, but I do not have my hopes too high.Anyway, of course I am sick over this.  Television is still watchable, but the pink band is getting progressively worse.  Samsung claims that this is not a problem they are aware of.  Yea.  Sure.  I wouldn't be so pissed off if they would come clean.Their online support not helpful, and simply told me to call a repairman.At any rate, I am not going down without a fight.  I am trying not to sound too hysterical, but rest assured, Samsung has not heard the last about this.  I would be happy if they split the cost with me.  Although $600.00 is still too much to pay, its within the realm of reasonable.  I'd even accept a $500.00 credit toward the purchase of a new Samsung TV.If I am completely unable to get any satisfaction from Samsung, I guess I'll never buy another Samsung product.  Sorry folks, I hope this doesn't happen to you.  It was a stunningly awesome TV for two years. Boo hoo.