I purchased the Samsung PN51D8000 after reading many reviews on the internet.  I couldn't wait to hook up my new plasma tv.  Delivery time was good and product was delivered with no damgage. After hooking it up ........I was very disappointed.  The settings out of the box were horrible. After over 300 hours of break in time I decided to surf the net and find out the best calibration settings for this model.  After experimenting with several calibration settings that were posted to be the best settings for this tv I found that they did improve overall picture quality but were still far from great.  Standard tv quality is poor before and just ok after calibration. High Def quality was just ok before calibration and after calibration it was good but not great! 3D quality was pretty good. Sound quality is below average.Also, Samsung had a promotion that should of included two pair of free glasses with the tv thru the seller or a voucher to receive the glasses thru Samsung's website. After receiving the tv I did not receive the glasses or the voucher. During the order process I was under the belief I would receive the glasses  but somehow thru the whole process I was 2 days late on purchasing the tv to get the glasses.  I contacted Samsung and explain what happened and they told me it shouldn't be a problem to just contact the seller because they don't carry any 3D glasses because they all go to their dealers. I then contacted Amazon which I order the tv thru their website and they told me that I would have to contact Electronic Expo which is their affiliate that the tv would be shipped from. I then contacted Electronic Expo and they said they couldn't help me that it was a Amazon only promotion.  I then told them it was an offer Samsung made thru any of their authorized dealers and not an Amazon only promotion and since they was a dealer they should be able to help me.  They told me they couldn't help to call Samsung and they should be able to help me.  After contacting Samsung they told me go to their website and feel out the 3D glasses rebate form and they would take care of it and if there was a problem to contact them.  After filling out the form online ........I checked the status and they refused it so I called them back and they told me sorry we can't help you to call the seller. I then filed a claim thru Amazon and they refused to help me too.  All I got was a run around from Samsung to Amazon to Elect Expo to Samsung back Elect Expo and finally back to Amazon and in the end NO GLASSES. All that the THREE OF THESE COMPANIES ARE WORRIED ABOUT IS THE SALE and could care less afterwards. I will no longer be purchasing anything from any of these companies again!OVERALL RATING FOR TV - 3 out of 5 Stars and 1 out of 5 for Customer Service