I bought this tv from Nebraska Furniture Mart back in 2010. It was a super sharp tv. One of their first 3d tvs and it did great. Picture quality was amazing. It was 240hz which helped with motion blur. For years it was great. Very sharp picture and all was grand for a while. At the time when I bought it they had a promo where you got the 3d starter kit ( 2 glasses and monsters vs aliens 3d) as well as a free 6900 3d bluray player. That samsung blu-ray player died after a year. Very disappointed, however I bought a new panasonic 3d blu-ray player. The new player was better, plus I got a free avatar 3d blu-ray which was awesome. I bought a 3d tv mainly to see that movie again in 3d and 3d gaming. Starting in January 2013 I started having a dim area in the lower right corner. It stayed that way for days. After a while it started to flicker in the corner as well. So 70% of the time it was normal, 20% of the time dim, and 10% of the time it flickered. I get migraines easily so the flicker was a problem. I called Samsung and of course it is out of warranty. I call a tech to come out and they said it was the panel. About $1300 to repair. $1000 for the part alone. I don't quite believe the tech since he never touched the tv or anything, just used a remote. The issue can clear up and start up if you swivel the tv. Probably a connection. I could have had someone come out and give me a second opinion or try and see if really is a cheaper part, but if that is wrong why waste more money when you can get a new tv for the cost of the repair. I know some may say this may be wear and tear, however this is in an entertainment center. Adult owned. And only moved about 10 times in it's life to update firmware or adjust hdmi connections. This was a great tv, but it has it's flaws. First, most 3d content is amazing but with my eyes I had to lower the 3d depth to about 10% to avoid any ghosting or crosstalk. It adds depth, but not a lot at that level. Also, some games like Motorstorm 3d on psn looked awful in the 3d. None of the depth settings could stop the crosstalk. That's rare though. I have 12 games that support 3d and only the motorstorm on psn gave me problems. Another thing I ran into was a motion flicker. Like blinds or fast moving scenes would cause some blurring or flicker in that area. You can fix that by turning off mpeg noise filter, but it still does it about 10% what it used to. This is a good tv, but the 3d was an early version and does have some compatibility issues. Not a lot, but they exist. Also, that motion flicker was annoying. Sd dvd playback was just ok. Kind of depends on your player, tv, size of tv, quality of the dvd bitrate, etc. On this tv compared to others I would give it a B- on dvd image quality. If you can get a deal on this tv I recommend it, however based on the build quality, motion blur, sd video quality, and some slight 3d issues I would only give it a B-. I spent $2300 on this tv back in 2010 and not only has tv gone bad, but the blu-ray player has went out. If you are reading this, I'm not saying Samsung is bad. I think they make some great tvs just like Panasonic. Just there's been some issues with how long they last. If you buy a samsung tv, buy an extended warranty and avoid spending over $1000 just in case you have an hardware trouble. Your milage may vary. Also, if anyone comments about 3d or picture quality I properly calibrated the tv with cnet settings as well as double checked them with my own calibration dvd.