I bought this TV as a Christmas present to myself. My rear projection Sony LED lasted about 8 years and I paid almost twice as much for that TV as I did for this one. Obviously,  technology has changed a lot since my last TV purchase.I am amazed by this TV. Putting the 3D feature to the side a minute, just as a regular HD TV this is a great purchase! The picture is life like and the colors are deep and rich. The settings are very easy to use and understand. The remote has the option of back lighting and can be turned on or off. Great feature. Having a "Tools" button on the remote allows for getting right to where you want to go to change the brightness of the show you are watching to the perfect spot for a movie, live sports or just plain old TV shows.The assembly is quite easy, did it myself in less than 10 minutes. (The stand requires 4 screws). Internet features are new to me on TV and I haven't really played with them much yet other than Netflix. I also have a TIVO Premiere XL and Netflix is much easier to use on the TV than on the Tivo.Now for the 3D. This is a really cool effect and again, there is a 3D button on the remote for easy upgrading from 2D to 3d. I was curious about switching a regular show to 3D and was impressed with the outcome. Unfortunately, 3D effects are not really included in 2d TV productions, so while there is a difference in the picture, there really isn't a point to switching it over. It is fun to play with the feature on different things though and as the technology improves and catches on, I'm sure this will be something that will start changing. The 3D Movies are great and it is like sitting in the same room with the characters you are watching.Overall, I am quite pleased with this purchase. I have read some things about white spots, but have not seen anything like that. I guess the updates have fixed that issue.Update-So I have read and followed a couple of the reviews recommended that you turn off Automation Plus picture enhancement. I did that when I first got the TV. I have also been playing with that feature on various shows. I have discovered that that feature is great. If you turn it off, do so on older HD programs & non HD programs. If you turn that feature on with those, the picture is somewhat better, but "choppy". Watching up to date HD is something you want to use this feature for. As a friend said, it is the difference between watching a TV show and watching the program thru a window. I personally like the feature now that I know when the best time it is to use it. Outdoor scenes are especially breath taking and up to date HD w/ the automation plus setting, gives the 2D to 3D enhancement much nicer. I hope you find this useful! Enjoy!