We have several of the Sony Bravia TV's around our home. I have the 26" Bravia in my home office and its a very good TV. We are limited to an average cable signal strength and I've always known that our TV images could be better. We bumped up to the 32" Bravia to put in an exercise room hoping the "nicer" TV would give us reason to spend time exercising.We had the option to buy from J&R; or Amazon. Both offered the same price after shipping was accounted for but Amazon offered a full rebate on a wall mount. I've ordered from J&R; several times and always had a great experience (even when I had a defective amp on one order, they handled it perfectly). I also know that J&R; double boxes many of their orders... a definite plus.But with the free wall mount (rebate), the Amazon deal seemed best. What a mistake that was. The tracking info they offered for the order was for a company called Eagle. But they offered no contact information for this company. Try typing "Eagle transportation" into Google and you get about 30 companies operating under that name. I had no way to figure exactly who was going to deliver the TV.So I emailed Amazon about it. Three days later, they sent me a form letter saying that it was shipped by Eagle. That was no help at all. So I tried their phone support system which is a joke. You use the internet to enter your phone number and then the phone rings at your house instantly. It seemed cool at first. After a minute of listening to a recorded message, you are then told to hold while they find a customer support rep. I waited 10 minutes and gave up.So I was pretty disappointed by now. I was heading out for a small vacation and didnt want to the TV to be returned because I was away. I emailed Amazon again to find out what I would need to do if I wanted to cancel the order. Three days later, they sent me an email saying they had canceled my order for me (despite the fact that I didnt ask for it to be cancelled).Yesterday, I got a call from "Eagle" (better known as EGL transportation) saying they wanted to deliver the TV. At this point, I didnt know what to do. It had been 3 weeks since I ordred it. They delivered it (not double-boxed). The delivery guy bought it in and let me plug it in before I signed any papers just in case there was a problem. It checked out fine. Phew.So I would never buy a TV from Amazon again. That's kind of a no-brainer. When you call J&R;, you usually get through to a human immediately and they always seem to know the answer to your question. I love that!Now about the TV. Most folks know that LCD TV's dont show cable signals very well. My 20" Sony LCD is too small to show any real issues. The 26" shows some issues but I'm 8 foot away from the TV and the issues aren't too obvious.The 32" really shows some problems with a cable signal though. It would make sense that the blotchiness would be magnified more in a larger TV but I wasn't expecting it to be as bad as it is.What's funny is that I also just had the new Sony KDS-60A2000 (to replace an KP53HS10) delivered to my house two days previously. This went in my family room. Again, it was hooked up to the same cable signal of only average strength. I have to say, the picture quality is astounding on this huge TV. It puts the Bravia LCD to shame. Its twice a large, but the picture quality is ten times better. I'd guess the technology in the LCoS TV by Sony is much more advanced than the LCD TV by Sony.So this is just some food for thought. I searched the Amazon, CNET, and Consumer Reports reviews before I bought anything. I wrestled with the decisions to buy all of our TV's for many days. This is actually my first Amazon review but I thought my time and mistakes were something then a reader might find useful.Best of luck with your decision.