UPDATE 11/27/2012 - See bottom!I bought this June 20, 2012 so it's been about 6 weeks with the TV.  Here's a run down of how thing have gone.  Overall, I'm happy with the set and the price I paid with a few minor drawbacks that to me are annoying.1) Purchase - I got the TV from the Warehouse Deals section.  It was considered used but at almost 40% off the best retail price on Amazon ($690 v $1099) I considered it a risk worth taking.2) Delivery - I got a call the day before the expected delivery to arrange for a delivery time.  They arrived within the 2-hour schedule window, delivered the TV into the living room, unboxed it, set it up on the stand, connected the cable, and turned everything on to verify it was working.  The entire process took less than 30 minutes.  They then carted all the packing away.  Srsly a great experience.3) Picture non-3D - Looks AMAZING!  So far I have watched live non-HD TV shows, live HD and HDDVR shows, non-HD and HD Netflix, and a Blu-Ray movie.  The picture was excellent, nice blacks and colors, not blurring.  I don't watch sports or play video games so I can't comment on how well those might perform but I did watch part of a soccer game on ESPN and it was great. One drawback, this is my first HDTV and while I've watched HDTVs before this one is exceptionally clear to the point that many regular TV shows appear like they were made on videotape.  The viewing angle is pretty wide. I've played with the settings and found that the optimal one for Netflix is different than the one for live HD but I can make the change quickly now that i know what I like.4) Picture 3D - Haven't tried yet.  The TV did not come with glasses (I knew this) so am waiting to see if by end of year there are better aftermarkets specs available as the ones out now only get so-so reviews.  FYI - The new 2012 Panasonic 3D glasses are NOT compatible with 2011 or 2010 sets.5) TV set - It's a plasma so if you don't know what you are getting yourself into then stop reading and do some research.  It's not that heavy - 60 lbs - but due to the size I didn't feel comfortable trying to pick it up myself.  Room is 13x 11 and I sit about 8 feet away.  I think I would have liked the 55" more but the 55" started at $1300 so it's a minor trade off.  I'm happy with the results and after a month I don't even think about the size anymore.Set is solid and the design is fine, nothing fancy but not ugly either.  My living room gets lots of indirect light but even with that the glare is not major and a slight tweak of the drapes fixes any glare I do get in the morning.  The TV seems to love dust so I have to clean it off every week.  The sound is fine but I use a speaker system anyway so I can't really say much about it.  There is a bit of heat and I noticed my electric bill went up ($70 v $60 a month). I like having the TV on even when I'm not sitting down to watch so I might be above the normal usage. My set came with the wireless plug that this TV requires and it works fine.  Wireless set-up took about 5 minutes (Cisco router).6) Functions - Settings are easy to access and understand. So too is the remote.  I integrated with my Comcast universal remote in about 1 minute, most major functions can be done through that (not Viera Connect tho).7) Viera Network - Sigh.  OK, it has some decent stuff but not as much as I would like.  Also, and this is major, the Netflix interface does NOT allow you to manage your Queue.  To add/remove programs you have to access the website WHICH YOU CAN'T DO ON THE TV BECAUSE IT DOESN'T HAVE A BROWSER.  Also, the actual Netflix interface isn't as friendly as others that I have used (Playstation 3).  I haven't yet tried to connect to my laptop to stream mainly because it's not a great laptop but the set-up looks pretty easy.8) Minor quirks - When the TV turns on there is about a  10 second lag for sound via an Xfinity HD DVR.  The play control functions on the remote are at the bottom, which is not user friendly.2 addendumsA) I already planned on getting a 3D blu-ray player but now I am specifically looking for one with great WiFi integration and a browser to get wider Internet accessB) Just to be safe, I invested the $40 in an aftermarket warranty plan.  Search Amazon, set up was easy and it begins when the manufacturer warranty expires (which mine retained for some reason).UPDATE 11/27/2012 - In Sept I noticed a buzzing sound coming from the upper left backside of the set.  Turns out that even though I bought this used, because it came from the Amazon Warehouse, Panasonic considers it a "new" television as far as the warranty is concerned.  By the time I got my schedule worked out to have a tech come out, the buzzing stopped.  That was 6 weeks ago and the buzz has not returned.  Meanwhile, I changed from an Xfinity cable box to a TiVO HD cable box with cable card.  Buzzing didn't stop - and I don't know why it ever started or stopped but it's not related to anything I can figure out so I'm not going to complain - and the 10-second volume lag I mentioned earlier still remains.Picture is still excellent, no other issues with the set.