I purchased a PN59D8000, which I have had for about two years now. I used the the picture settings provided by cnet, and all I can say is wow! It has one of the best pictures I've seen. The colors are very accurately reproduced. The blacks are very dark. The 3D is amazing. I've read some people having issues with burn-in in the reviews on here. I would have to say a lot of that is probably the user's fault. I've played video games for long times on mine (everything from shooters to racing games, with static HUDs), I've watched standard definition video with black bars on the sides, BluRay movies in letterbox with black bars on the top and bottom...I've never experienced any image retention. From day one, straight out of the box, I've always had the built-in pixel shift feature turned on. You will never notice the picture moving, as it only moves it one pixel at a time every couple of minutes. I always keep the picture setting on the same with any source, meaning I don't switch to gaming mode to play games or sports to watch a game. I leave it on Movie with the custom settings from cnet. As with any plasma, it will not be as bright as LCDs, but in my opinion this is a good thing as it doesn't lead to "washed-out" colors. Also, like any plasma, you will need to control the lighting in your room. Watching at night with the lights on is fine, but having the curtains open during the day leads to some pretty bad glare on the screen. This is not a knock on the set, as it's to be expected with a plasma. However, I found the brightness of the set to be adequate for daytime viewing as long as you can control the glare and reflections. I think those efforts are very much worth it to achieve the better overall image quality, the outstanding refresh rate, and great off-angle viewing this set provides over an LCD panel.The only issue I had with the set was the buzzing noise that you can research and find to be somewhat common. It wasn't a huge issue, as you could only hear it when there was no other audio going. I noticed it was worse if there was an image on the screen, as opposed to a black panel, and having purchased a SquareTrade warranty when I bought the TV, I decided to go ahead and get it checked in case it was something wrong with the panel itself. After replacing all the boards, the problem persisted. Samsung had the technician use a multimeter to get some readings from the boards. When he attempted this, there was an arc. Samsung had the technician keep trying, and it arced several times, ultimately shorting one or more boards out. SquareTrade is reimbursing me the purchase cost of the TV, which I will be using to buy an identical model. I would recommend this TV still, as like I said, the buzzing was only heard without any other audio. I would also highly recommend a SquareTrade warranty to anyone purchasing an expensive TV, Samsung or any other brand. The company has been very easy to work with and had great service throughout.