Addressing the negatives others have mentioned re Samsung plasmas:Buzz:  Unless I'm totally deaf (I can still hear my baby yelling so I don't think so) this TV doesn't make any noise AT ALL.  Nada.  I can't even hear a cooling fan running when I'm standing next to it.  Total. Silence.Residual images:  I use a HTPC extensively and not noticed any residual images so far.Reflective screen:  It does have a glossy glass finish but as long as you're not sitting so you'll see a reflection from a window it's not an issue.  I don't see any glare from our couch.Reliability:  Delivered in perfect condition and it's not broken yet (only had it a week and will report back if it fails - I don't expect it too, seems well made)User account setup:  Creating a user account and putting in your IDs and passwords for Picasa etc. is painful using the 0-9 keypad on the remote.  Qwerty would be a nice option - but it's a once-only process so not a big deal for the inital account set up.  It does mean updating Facebook status or Tweeting isn't something you're going to do using the TV, until Qwerty is an option (like TiVo Premiere introducing a Qwerty remote soon).Positives:Beautiful unit:  Lovely glass one-piece screen and bezel.  I use the stand which is a really nice solid glass pivot version - much nicer than the fixed position plastic ones with cheaper models / other makers.  Came ready-attached to the TV.Picture:  As everyone else says, the picture's what you want - outstanding.  58" is a wonderful size for a TV - the bezel is quite thin so although the screen area is almost twice what it was on the 42" Hitachi it replaced, it doesn't take up that much more space in our living room.  Having said that, sitting next to the 42" screen it did make it look like a portable.  And it cost less than the 720p 42" TV I bought in 2006.Inputs:  Multiple inputs - although I only use one HDMI as it's hooked to a switched HDMI receiver.Samsung Apps:  These are really great - and despite the Samsung TV feature table not showing them as available on the C6500, I can confirm they ARE present in full on the PN58C6500.Netflix watch instantly is there but currently only shows your instant queue - you can't browse categories (which you can on PC, Roku or TiVo - expect this will get upgraded soon).Vudu is a GREAT service - HD movie streaming of the latest releases, instant BluRay quality on demand.  Fantastic.  The optical audio (SPDIF) output WILL send 5.1 Dolby Digital to your AV receiver if you're watching a 5.1 source (like Vudu).  Vudu is owned by Walmart and interestingly BestBuy have just got going with their rival service, CinemaNow - which looks very similar to Vudu (not tried it myself yet).  One limitation which only occurred to me after I got the TV - you can output digital audio from the TV but you can't output digital video signal e.g. to a projector.  So if you want to use Vudu for HD movie streaming on a projector, you'll need a separate box with Vudu built into it instead.Hulu Plus is there but it's a subscription only service - you can't use regular Hulu for free.  Still, it's a nice option.Lots of other usual suspects are there - Facebook, Twitter, Google Maps.  Picasa is there but surprisingly it won't play videos, only pictures (probably that will change with an upgrade too down the line.  While I was writing this the Pandora app updated itself automatically so they're constantly changing).All in all this is a great TV - full featured, beatifully made and with the excellent picture I expected.  An HDMI output would be nice for me so I could use Vudu / Netflix HD on my projector too, but I'm not aware of any TV which will do that (is anyone else?)UPDATE SEPT 26th:  Still loving this TV two months in.  In fact, the picture is so good and so nice to live with that it's making me unhappy with the picture I'm getting from my old Optoma HD72 projector - which by comparison looks too dim and soft (it's actually a pretty good picture, but the Samsung TV just steps all over it).  Avatar Bluray for example is outright stunning in its detail on the Samsung.  On the Optoma projector, it's just ok.  Checking if budget will allow upgrade to Epson 8500 ...