Inputs/Outputs:3 HDMI, 1 composite/RGB, 1 VGA.  Digital Optical out as well as a 3.5MM stereo out.  I'm disappointed, because the previous version of this TV (returned for warranty reasons) had regular RCA audio out).  Luckily, I happened to have a 3.5mm to RCA adapter cable.Sound:Decent.  It has decent volume, although its fairly thin.  I haven't heard an LCD with decent internal speakers since my old 2005 Panasonic.  It is louder than most others I've heard recently, however.  If you don't have a stereo or a surround sound system to route the sound through, you'd probably want to consider a speaker bar.480 Performance:First thing's first...  The product has a truly AWFUL 480 picture.  When viewing a 480 program via cable, satellite or over the air (yes, I've tried all three with this TV), the color is washed out, the picture is fuzzy, and there are artifacts and blocking and assorted "noise" all over the picture.  Its so bad that if you happen to be watching a black and white picture, you will not only have a fuzzy picture, but you will have faint splashes of red noise flashing all over the picture.  480 images are FAR sharper and cleaner on my old 36" CRT TV.  Everything from old Twilight Zone episodes to sit coms from 2005 look about as good as a poorly preserved film from the 70's (washed out, fuzzy).HD Performance:Now, if you don't care about 480 (somehow you have cable or satellite that has nothing BUT HD channels, for example), this is a great TV.  Its a little slow switching formats between 480, 720 and 1080 when switching channels, but when you have an HD digital signal, the picture is crystal clear with no motion blur.  Out of the box, the blacks ARE very dark and the whites are very white.  I am NOT one of those people who like "deep black" blacks, but I realize all the techno nerds love them for some reason, but I was able to adjust the brightness levels to actually see details in the shadows while maintaining a pretty dark black.3D Performance:Warning:  The TV will only automatically detect 3D and switch to 3D mode if you are viewing content from the internal apps (like Vudu) or from a 3D Blu-Ray disc.  I don't have a 3D Blu-Ray player, but my Blu-Ray player plays movies from USB, and if you have access to 3D SBS movie files, you can play them from your avi/divx/mp4-enabled Blu-Ray player (3D or not), you can manually activate 3D mode, and it works beautifully.  The 3D picture is very bright, considering the polarized glasses, with only a slight "halo" effect when you are viewing a scene with a huge contrast between the foreground and background images.  The 3D is about the same as I have experienced in movie theaters.Apps:All the standard apps are there, Netflix, Vudu, Hulu, YouTube, etc.  It even has Amazon Prime, which is a nice plus!  Although the Amazon app leaves much to be desired as far as search features.  There are a few other apps that I consider useless on a TV (who is really going to look at Facebook and Twitter on a TV?) that I have not looked at.Random thoughts:* The TV takes a good 10-15 seconds to go from OFF to having a picture.  Doesn't bother me, but it might bother you.* Wait about 30 seconds after you get a picture before you start trying to access apps, or else there will be some random lag in the apps menu.* The remote is full-featured, and has a QWERTY keyboard on the back.  I have never accidentally hit any buttons on the reverse side by mistake as you have to deliberately push the buttons to make them work.  However, some people may find this annoying, as you can't casually tap buttons and get any response.* The remote is small, and doesn't not give you the option to control any other devices.  Universal remotes work fine with this TV, but you will need to keep the TV remote handy if you want to access the 3D function.Final thoughts:If the horrible (awful, nasty) 480 display does not bother you, this is a fantastic TV for the price range.  The display rivals some of the much higher-priced options out there, especially considering you have a 120Hz refresh rate and 3D ability.  I took one star off for the nasty 480 display, and another for the change in audio outputs.