I've been researching LCD TVs for a couple of years now, and finally decided to pull the trigger in early December on the LNT4069FX based on its technology and very good reviews.  Upon receiving the set I was pleased to find that the out of the box experience was a lot better than what I expected.  Every other system I've set up for friends and family involved the TV looking pretty mediocre or horrible when first plugged in, and then after tweaking looking either good or great.  This TV looked pretty good right after the first power on.  After tweaking the picture is stunning.A few things I really like:1.  Very tweakable.  It remembers the settings for each individual input, and depending on what mode you have it on (dynamic, standard, movie) it allows you complete control over every feature, whether on/off for some, or some nice color and white balance controls.  If you are into tweaking you can go pretty nuts with this set, however as stated above, out of the box it looked pretty darn good.2.  1080p and 120hz.  This is the highest resolution tv you can get as a consumer and it probably will be a for a while.  It is also the same resolution as the high def disk formats so you don't have to worry about scaling when watching your new expensive HD disks on your new expensive HD player.  The 120hz means it can play back 30/60hz broadcast media and 24hz film media natively.  After deinterlacing it either doubles the frames for 60hz or pen-tuples the frames for 24hz, which can help reduce 'judder' effects when watching film sources with a 60hz only tv.  It even has the AMP feature to interpolate and add information so you get something similar to a full 120fps experience, although I'll get into more detail on that later.3.  Pretty full set of inputs, and the VGA input works flawlessly with my 1st generation Macbook.The one thing to be aware of with this set is that the AMP feature currently doesn't work 100%.  Many people notice what is referred to as TBE (triple ball effect) with the feature turned on.  What happens is if, for example, you are watching football and there is a long pass, the ball can sometimes appear to triple as it crosses the yard lines.  In addition I notice that during camera pans the background stutters with AMP on.  Samsung is working on a new firmware to address these issues, but they are not completely fixed yet.  In the past Samsung has gone to the extent of sending techs to people's houses with new circuit boards to fix issues, so I'm sure if firmware can't fix it, Samsung will eventually fix it for us.That being said I'm not really into the AMP right now anyway.  Since it adds frames that didn't exist before it create a super realistic depth to the image, almost making it seem 3D.  To my eye it makes many things look more like animation that real though.  Most people who buy the TV really like the feature so I'm definitely in the minority on this opinion.Still even with the AMP issues, this is definitely a great set and still worth 5 stars in my opinion.  Give the TV and try and I'm sure you will be happy.PS - One last note.  Since this TV is 1080p, and somewhat large (although not nearly the largest available) it really magnifies anything in the video signal.  This can be good or bad.  If there is anything that was not properly done in the source video you can see it.  Some DVDs/TV will look crisp and great, others will look horrible, and some will change in quality from scene to scene.  Film noise, poor digital encoding, all of it you can see.  This should be the case with any 1080p TV from a good manufacturer, so don't jump the gun blaming the TV when maybe a better upconverting DVD player, or just another choice of TV/Movie could make a huge difference.