I am a first time consumer in the Flat Panel HDTV market.  My goal was to achieve a setup with XBOX360, PC, Cable TV, and DVD all in one system.  And make no mistake, I have been looking for many months b4 finally pulling the trigger with this Samsung LNT4061F 40inch LCD.  I have had this LCD for the last 2 weeks, and here are the results...Why did I choose this particular model???I did ALOT of eye shopping at BestBuy and Circuit City to determine my choice.  By far, this model and Samsung in general had the best color quality I could see.  I am by no means an expert in LCDs, but when I am looking at different LCDs side by side, it is fairly easy for me to determine which set is better.  I am sure you can too!  So go to BestBuy or any other places, and look at different models.  You will see what I mean when I say that Samsung seems to have it right overall.To start off, I ordered the Samsung LCD on a Sunday evening, and it arrived on a Tuesday afternoon!!  The dilivery was through the standard Eagle Shipping service.  The delivery man was most helpful, and opened the merchandise with care.  He powered up the LCD, and made sure all the pixels and systems were functional.  A++++++++Next I began the process of connecting all my toys together...XBOX360:Make sure you switch the button to "HDTV" on your XBOX360.  The picture is beautiful and full of color.  Of course I had to fiddle with the color settings a bit, but it was easy and straight forward.  The refresh rate is excellent, and gameplay has quadrupled in fun factor.  All I can say is WOW!Cable TV:I have normal digital Cable service, and most channels come in at normal 480i resolution.  These channels are definitely "watch-able" on a daily basis.  There are about a dozen free channels that are in High Definition 1080i resolution.  I have placed these channels in my "Favorites" section, and watch them religiously just to get the full effect of the LCD.  When you can see the most intricate of details that you never thought possible, the content of the show begin to lose its relevance, and you start to watch shows just for the heck of it.  But for those of you who demand content, I absolutely love the ESPN-HD channel, and Universal-HD shows many great movies in full 1080i.DVD:Its like going to the movies.  Great picture quality and production despite the 480i native resolution of all DVD movies.  I find myself watching old movies I had already seen many times over.PC:A bit tricky...First off, if you do not have a DVI or HDMI slot on your PC, USE THE VGA CONNECTION.  DO NOT USE THE S-VIDEO CONNECTION!!!  The reason for this is that the S-Video cable is limited to 800x600 resolution.  The VGA cable allows you to go much higher in resolution.Next...Make sure your video card on your PC is decent.  The video card in my laptop cannot support 1920x1080.  Instead, it is limited to 1600x1200.  Make no mistake, this is a great resolution and makes everyday computing a great experience.  However, if you want to use the full effect of the LCD, make sure your PC video card supports the 1920x1080 resolution.  The bottom line with PCs is that the better quality PC you have, the better quality picture you will see on your Samsung.  If your PC or laptop is able to support only 1200x800, that is what you will see on your LCD.  My current setup is at 1600x1200 with the LCD setup to display 4:3 ratio.  This setup leaves the sides of my LCD unused, but diplays everything in correct proportions.  Even with the sides unused, the picture is gigantic!Bottom Line:Nice BIG picture, and great color and quality.  To top that off, the price is the best ANYWHERE.  Go ahead and scourge the Internet to find a better price for the quality, and you wont find it anywhere.  And finally, the experience is just awesome...  games and movies become an immersive experience :)