As others have said, the picture quality on this TV is very good. The sound is good too, but it definitely helps if you have external speakers. I have connected this TV to my Logitech computer speakers using the audio 3.5" minijack and the sound is excellent now.Definitely get the Rosewill wireless adapter for $30 or so. You can connect this TV to your wireless home network and run all the Samsung apps. The lack of an ethernet port is not a big minus in my book as I mostly use wireless networking for all devices now.I was initially using this TV as a dumb TV. It did not have a direct internet connection, but I was using my Panasonic BDT210 Bluray player to get to Netflix, Youtube etc. The Panasonic Viera Connect UI is excellent and I was quite happy. As the price of the Rosewill adapter is only $30 now, I decided to get the TV connected as well. So, I was able to compare Samsung apps with Panasonic apps. They are mostly similar, but two things stand out -* The Panasonic Youtube interface is much better than the Samsung one. You get preview screens and ability to scroll through pictures and choose the video you want to play with the Panasonic. The Samsung interface with much more primitive and difficult to use.* The killer app of the Samsung TV is the allshare application. This gives you the ability to connect the TV to your PC and stream music, videos and pictures from the PC. Allshare is a fantastic app - I am able to stream videos quickly and easily; what's more, it can play virtually any format video that I throw at it. My Panasonic bluray player also has the ability to connect to my PC, but it can only play some types of video and is relatively slower to load a video or to scroll through a directory of videos. Samsung has nailed this one.Other apps like Netflix, Cinema now etc. are more or less similar between Panasonic and Samsung. In short having connectivity for both devices is fun - each manufacturer is trying to put out more apps and you can have the best of both worlds.I think people who buy cheaper TVs based purely on hardware specs might be missing out on good software support - Samsung and Panasonic are at the top of the heap when it comes to apps and slick user interfaces.A few pointers -* Use 'makemkv' (google it) to convert DVDs and Blurays painlessly to MKV format which is now the industry standard video format for bluray players, TVs etc (almost all new players can play MKV).* The video played from the PC can be stopped/resumed. Fast forward, rewind does not work that well - you get to go a few seconds forward and back for each click, but it is better than nothing.* For streamed video, closed captions do not appear. But there is a workaround for this - you need to create a SRT file with the same name as the MKV file and store them in the same directory. Once you do that closed captions work. You can extract an SRT file from the MKV file using mkvmerge GUI app (google it), or you can download a readymade SRT file from allsubs.org.