first off, IMO, active 3D is garbage tech. headaches, pricey glasses, noticeable flickering with some viewers, heavy uncomfortable glasses (not so much with the newer 2011 active glasses), glasses that aren't cross compatible with other manufacturers, newer active glasses may not be compatible with older active TVs from the same manufacturers, reduced brightness; all are negatives against active 3D.after trying out a friend's panasonic 3DTV last year, i didn't believe in any 3D technology. i dismissed 3D until i tried LG's passive 3D at a local best buy. i then researched passive TV sets by LG, vizio, and toshiba. i was set on buying a lower cost vizio but after seeing the TV in person at walmart, i couldn't pull the trigger. the edge back lighting was extremely noticeable inside the well lit walmart store. i feared that watching TV on the vizio in a dark room would have been an awful experience. so i was back looking at the LG, the priciest of the 3 but after reading several reviews from gamers and many pointing out that the LG has noticeable lag while gaming, i couldn't pull the trigger on that either. so then there's toshiba, there isn't as many reviews on this set but some have mentioned that the gaming lag that's on the LG isn't on the toshiba. this may not matter to some but to gamers, that lag is a big deal. the toshiba also has pretty much all the features the LG does but for a couple of hundred dollars less. the vizio was about $150 cheaper than the toshiba but does not have a 2D to 3D feature. this is a feature which can convert any 2D signal, including live TV, into a 3D signal. a feature i was looking forward to but after playing around with the 3D feature and the 2D to 3D feature, i found that the conversion feature doesn't really come close to a real 3D signal.enough comparisons, this toshiba is an awesome TV. the 3D is just as good as the LG's that i've seen. i only have avatar 3D on bluray and have to say that this TV brings the 3D theater experience at home, all with comfortable, lightweight, inexpensive, passive 3D glasses (includes 4). for 2D viewing, it's an awesome TV for an LED LCD. i say that because i still feel plasmas have LCDs beat but since they don't make any plasmas with passive 3D and 3D was my primary reason for this purchase, this purchase made the most sense for me. oh, i should point out that i also own a 2D only panasonic plasma.i'm giving this TV a 5 rating because i feel that this TV is the best 3DTV you can buy for under a grand. it's not without its flaws; edge back lighting is uneven but only noticeable in a completely dark room, the remote control is nicely backlit but the buttons feel too stiff for my liking, the netflix app isn't as good as the app in my bluray player or xbox, and it takes about 20 seconds to start up. if you do purchase this TV be sure you upgrade the firmware asap. the upgrade will make navigating through the menus much smoother and will also fix netflix which did not work before the update.edit: have had the tv for a couple weeks now and love it. volume is low though but that's expected with most thin profile tv's these days. also, this tv has played every video format that i've thrown at it via the usb port, a very welcome feature.