I bought my 58 inch Samsung Plasma about a year ago and have loved it ever since so when my parents wanted a new tv I immediately thought to go with Samsung but after reading Consumer Reports I decided on this amazing Panasonic.  I waited several weeks to write this review after purchasing because I was terrified of the fluctuating brightness problems. The posts about this problem on here did not get written til just after I made the purchase for my parents. I almost canceled the order before delivery but it was such a good price I decided to take a chance. I'm so glad I did!I don't even know how to begin describing the phenomenal picture that this tv produces. The first thing I did was a firmware update over wifi and I crossed my fingers and hoped for the best. I turned off C.A.T.S. like others suggested and I have never noticed a single fluctuation with the brightness over the past month that my parents have had this tv. I do have to mention that the audio quality out of the box was not impressive but after tweaking the audio options the volume increased dramatically and I managed to improve the quality of the audio to a very acceptable level.  My own tv is hooked up to a 5.1 home theater system so I'm very spoiled with audio but my parents say that the Panasonic audio sounds great to them compared to their old 50 inch plasma so I'll leave it at that.Although there could always be more options for tweaking the picture and sound I'd say there are plenty adjustment options on this unit. My parents living room is pretty brightly lit so the Game mode seems to be the best option of viewing modes for them. There is one mode that is even brighter than Game and that is Vivid though I've been told by a Panasonic customer service rep that you shouldn't use that mode for the first couple months of use. No need to worry if you have a brightly lit room as Game mode is plenty bright enough.I love all the applications including Netflix and Pandora especially since Pandora lets you input several log in email addresses at once so you can switch between music accounts with a touch of a button.  Pick your account and bam your music is up and running right on your tv.  If I had to nit pick I'd say that sometimes (maybe once out of every 10 times) the tv gives me an error when I try to connect to the internet.  All I have to do is back out and hit the button again and it connects so this is not a huge deal.I have yet to try the 3D mode so I can't comment on that but over all the tv is fantastic. I've seen 65 inch tv's at more than double the price of this one who's picture doesn't look any better to me (in fact they often looks worse).  My parents tv is connected to Dish Network and the HD quality is the best I've ever seen on any television. You can probably get a few more bells and whistles on Panasonic's highest end televisions but I doubt you'd be much more impressed with the picture quality.  This is by far the best tv for the money in my opinion.