I replaced a Panasonic TH-42PX80U 720p plasma TV with this unit and I'm pleased with the results.DISPLAY QUALITYUnfortunately my i1 is broken so I couldn't calibrate the TV but I can tell from years of looking at calibrated displays that it is pretty good.  I streamed some AVS HD 709 patterns through my Xbox One to the TV in order to set brightness, contrast, color and tint.  I used a blue filter and the color and tint was pretty much right on with no adjustments necessary.  Some other settings I used were:Color Temp  NORMALPicture  Calibrated DarkAuto Brightness  OFFBlack Detail  OFFActive LED Zones  ONReduce signal noise HIGHReduce block noise  HIGHAfter "calibrating" the Calibrated setting I found that the Calibrated Dark was about the same as what I ended up with.  The LEDs really blaze and can push the whites really high and it has good blacks too.  I watch mostly in a darkened room so the Calibrated Dark setting is good and probably good for most rooms as long as the light levels aren't intense.  The coating on the display is somewhat reflective but I prefer that to aggressive anti-glare coatings that make it look like you are looking through a haze.  It does appear that there is a very slight uniformity issue with vertical banding when displaying color fields.  Very minor but I thought I would point it out.  Black screen uniformity is interesting.  When you first turn on the TV there is some "flashlighting" in the corners but after the TV initializes and the Active LED Zones kick in the uniformity looks great. The display does tend to get somewhat "milky" when viewed off-axis, like when the brightness is set too high.  It's not too bad though and very good for a TV in this price range.  I found that setting both noise reduction settings to HIGH really tamed the compression artifacts (DirecTV) without softening the picture too much.  With those settings off you can really see things crawl.REMOTE CONTROLThe remote is mediocre at best, that's all I have to say about that.  I only use it to change picture modes between Calibrated Dark and Game mode.APPSDon't use them, I have other devices connected to the TV for that so they are pretty much redundant.SPEAKERSGood volume without much range and a bit tinny.  About what you would expect from a TV with this bezel size and profile.PHYSICAL ATTRIBUTESThe TV is very light which is nice after having to take an old 46" CRT projection TV to the recycler last weekend.  One thing that might be a problem for some people is the height of the stand.  It's very low with the bottom of the screen at 2.75" and the bottom of the bezel at 1.75" off the surface the TV is sitting on.  So if you have a sound bar, center speaker, Kinect or other items you want to place in front of the TV that can be an issue.  My Xbox One Kinect is a bit over the bottom of the screen but it's not too much of a bother.  With the TV being so light I might make a shelf to put the TV on so the Kinect and other items can sit below it.