After extensive research on AVSForum, HiDefJunkies, and Flat Panel Reviews, I decided that I wanted the fantastic 2d picture quality, amazing black levels, and 3d without crosstalk for the future and this 55inch set was my choice since it was just a few hundred dollars more than the 50 inch.  It arrived today and I could tell the shipping company Amazon used treated the box/set very well (no marks, dents, holes) and by myself I assembled the base and put the TV on it (I suggest you use 2 people for safety).  I have a Pioneer Elite 36TX receiver and it doesn't have HDMI switching, so I thought that I was going to have to replace it.  My sources are DirecTv (HR-20), Boxee, and LG BluRay.  What I wasn't counting on, but LOVE (and it's saving me a lot of money) is that the Panasonic GT30 has an ARC (Audio Return Channel)via optical Toslink.  That lets me connect HDMI from all my sources to the TV and have the audio output to the reciever for surround processing - AWESOME!With only one day of watching, I think the picture quality is "all that".  I previously had a Sony Grand Wega III Rear projection LCD HDTV, and it's hardly comparable because the display technology has progressed so far.  Even major broadcasters like CBS/ABC/NBC in HD look suprisingly better.It also comes with Wifi in the box which you connect via one of the two or three USB ports on the TV.  That setup was painless.  I don't really intend on using those features (like Netflix), so I can't speak to that.  I *WILL* be using DLNA, and since both my Synology NAS and my Samsung phone support DLNA, I will see how well that works in the near future.Setup was very easy.  I'm a tech-guy and my wife could have done this.  Date/Time/What source is on each HDMI port and walla.What don't I like?  The HDMI ports are horizontal on the side of the set and your HDMI cables will protrude from the back of the set.[UPDATE 9-24-11]My wife mainly uses this TV and she watches maybe 50 percent 4:3 content.  I noticed a vertical line where the 4:3 content usually ends.  Our source is a DirecTv box and I had it set to use black bars and the standard picture (not stretched).  Well, I can tell you that screen burn-in/image retention is a reality with this TV.  I did call Panasonic and they were all defensive about image retention saying -- "it's in the manual" and it's not covered under warranty.  They did give me some tips to help, and maybe it will.  I changed the DirecTv box to stretch 4:3 content and use grey bars when needed.  I also used the pixel tool in the TV menu several times.  I'm hopeful that it will all equalize.  I only notice on a HD screen which is light/white.  I still like the TV and it's color, size, functionality, but maybe I don't love it as much as I initially did.[UPDATE 1/5/12]After about 6 months of stretched content, I believe the vertical bars are now gone.  I'm not sure if it was image retention, or just the fact that the 4:3 content part of the screen got more use and the extended part didn't.  I still have not tried 3D because the glasses are too expensive and I'd also have to pay either DirecTv for 3D content or buy a 3D BluRay and 3D BluRay movies... doesn't seem worth it at this point.