I did a bunch of comparison shopping before I settled on this one. In this price range it was down to 3 plasmas, the Panasonic TH-42PX60U, Hitachi 42HDS69 and this Samsung HP-S4253. I did my research online, and there are plenty of people praising all the models, each with their own issues. Apparently the Panasonic has "clay-face", Hitachi has a green push, and this Samsung is a "buzzer". I went to best buy and circuit city to take a look for myself. Each store I went into I felt differently... because stores don't calibrate the monitors they get and I was seeing different results. Customers play around with the image settings, leave it looking crappy, and others judge the TV based on what they see without checking settings. Anyway, after I played around with the settings of the all the TV's... I did notice the Hitachi's green push which bothered me enough to take it off the list. Now the Panasonic does have a great picture but the case (matte silver with matte black frame) just makes it look a bit cheap and not as slick as the Samsung. The Samsung with its shiny black finish looks much richer in my point of view. Since picture quality is great on both monitors the only things that was worrying me is to get a "buzzer" which quite a few people complained on forums about. Its natural for all plasmas to buzz a little bit when your ear is 1-2 ft away. But some say they get buzzing sitting on the couch. I decided to take the chance and made sure when delivery came, I took it out and turned it on before I signed for it with the deliver guy. If it was going to buzz loudly I was planning on simply declining it, but luckily I got a good one.Now I must say I don't know how SD quality picture compares between the Samsung and the Panasonic since I don't have them side by side and in store they were all showing HD pictures... but I have to say that SOME SD channels on my Samsung look crappy while majority of the others are perfectly fine, it really depends on the quality of the broadcast. I watch mostly HD and DVDs so i'm fine.Regarding burn-ins... all plasmas suffer from this, so just try not to watch anything with black bars on the side for too long... and its also recommended that for the first 100 hours you "Break in" your TV by watching things with picture settings at no more then 50... which is a bit dull, but I'm willing to deal with it for a bit if it prolongs the life of the set in the long run.Also if you want to calibrate the monitor yourself you can get the AVIA dvd calibration... or you can try the settings I got.DNIE - Turn it off (it makes the blacks way too black and you loose shadow detail)Contrast - 80Brightness - 67Sharpness - 20Color - 50 (I don't have the color filters to properly adjust this, but it looks great to me so I left it at 50)Color Temp - Cool 1 (the warmer temps make things a bit too orangey for me, just pay attention to whites when changing this)