I bought this TV for my husband as a father's day gift. So it was purchased about 3 months ago. Here is my full impression.PictureAt the store:When I was walking around in the store I saw this TV with Avatar going on it and right next to it was the equivalent non-3D Samsung in addition to all the other TVs. There is a huge difference in picture. The best way I could describe it is, it looks like a very high def documentary. What the sales guy said about that crisp effect is that since the TV is built to do so much heavy work for 3D, the 2D benefits in it's picture as well.I did NOT buy this TV to watch anything in 3D, I do not even own the glasses because they give me headaches. The picture quality in 2D is simply that good. The only times I've had issues with how anything looks on the TV it has always been from the source. Low quality TV show output. Blue Ray looks incredible.At home:At first it took a LOT of getting used to, it's SO detailed and sharp that it really does kinda feel very odd watching this TV. We watched movies we had seen many times before and found ourselves seeing things we never noticed. So there's an adjustment period.3 months later:The TV feels natural to watch now. The odd thing is watching any non 3D TV feels like trying to watch TV with early stages cataracts. The biggest overall difference I've noticed and enjoyed is that the content you're watching is very immersive. It's all fleshed out to a dimension I did not expect from TV. I did notice after some time that the blacks in the TV are somehow a LOT darker than the screen when the TV is turned off. A lot of people think this is somehow important so I thought I'd include that.Technically speaking, I cant find anything to complain about. It's HEAVY!!! There, I complained.Things to know before you buy!!!This TV.. is HUGE. Have someplace to put it before hand. We are having a heck of a time trying to find a decent TV console for under 1k to put this on. So if you don't already own a very large TV stand or furniture that can accommodate it, look for something ahead of time.This TV is HEAVY. My hubby is 6'6" and we are both in decent shape and moving this thing is a task not taken lightly. Make sure you got someone to help move it.This TV is EXPENSIVE. There are a lot of TV's out there for very cheap that will likely suit most people's needs. We put off buying an upgrade TV for 10 years (drooling over our friend's flat screens and working out bums off to save up for one).For us, I wanted to reward that patience and fiscal responsibility with the biggest TV I could get my hands on that had the best picture I could find and this was it. I have zero buyer's remorse but I did think to myself after a while, if we had not been saving up to splurge after much sacrifice... would I still have bought this?The answer was HELL YES!Funny anecdote. Hubby tried playing The Force Unleashed for an hour and got motion sickness and threw up LOL. It's that immersive!! So don't play video games on it till you have gotten used to it.