This is the first bad review I have ever written, which just shows how disappointed and upset I am with VIZIO. And from my recent experience I will NEVER buy anything with the VIZIO brand name on it ever again.My husband and I bought a 37-inch, 1080p, 120 hz refresh rate VIZIO HDTV. About 8 months later it started having problems where the whole screen would flicker and lines would go across the top half of the screen, making it impossible to see anything we were trying to watch. So we called VIZIO and sent them pictures of the problem, and they sent out a guy to fix it. His repairs seemed to work at first, but then a couple months later the problem came back, and even worse than before. So we called VIZIO again.This time they said they were going to send us a replacement TV. Now, I knew it was important to my husband that the TV was a 37-inch 1080p with a 120 hz refresh rate just like the one we had, so I asked for the specifications of the refurbished TV they said we would be getting. The woman from VIZIO told me it was a 37-inch 1080p and 120hz refresh rate replacement TV, and I quote, "It's exactly like the TV you have now except slightly better." So we accepted the model and had it sent out.When we received the new TV the very first thing I did after opening the package was check the manual for the specifications. I was shocked and upset to see that under refresh rate it said "60 hz", so of course I called Vizio that same day. The guy I talked to put me on a hold for a few minutes saying that he was going to talk to a manager to find out what happened. When he came back on the line he said the manager said I should have been sent an equal TV and that he was going to see what he could do about the problem. So the guy said he would give me a call back when he heard from the manager. I waited for several weeks with no call, so I called VIZIO again. A woman answered and she talked to the previous guy to find out why he hadn't called me. He said he was still waiting to hear from the manager, so I waited several more weeks. Finally I called again, this time demanding something be done and that I wasn't going to wait to be called anymore. The woman I was talking started giving me some garbage about how I had accepted the model and so there was nothing they could do, so I said, "Yeah I accepted it because I was told it would be just as good if not better than our old TV!" but she just kept repeating the same thing. So I asked to talk to a manager, and she got one for me. He kept saying the same things the woman did, completely ignoring the fact that I was telling him that two of his employees had outright lied to me. And then he had the nerve to say that since we'd been using the replacement TV they sent us for almost 2 months, he definitely couldn't do anything about it. I pointed out that I called right after we received the package and that the only reason we'd been using the replacement TV for so long was because I was waiting for that one employee to call me back since he said he had told me he would fix the problem. So the manager said, "Well I'm not sure why he told you that because there's nothing we can do."Moral of the story: VIZIO TVs may seem great, but if they have any problems whatsoever (which it seems they often do from other reviews I've read), you can bet you'll either get nothing back (as I read happened to people in other reviews), or you'll get a TV of less value, and VIZIO will fix up your old one and sell it again, pocketing the extra money they just made from ripping you off. VIZIO doesn't care about their customers at all, and their warranty plans are only there to make unknowing shoppers feel secure in spending all of their savings on their products, since the plans are completely worthless otherwise.Congratulations on earning the title of the most dishonest company I've ever encountered, VIZIO.