I bought this one for my kitchen to replace my Sony tube 24" TV.  My set worked fine right out of the box. The color is not set to ultra stunning or too bright at default value.I noticed that the black level of the DTV signal was not to my expectation. I have two sets of Panasonic industrial plasma monitors, together with Sony's DirecTV/DTV receiver. I have been spoiled with the excellent black level from Panasonic monitors. No matter how I adjusted the color, brightness or "Picture" setting, I cannot get a satisfactory result.Then I changed the setting.  Instead of using the build-in DTV tuner, I used Sony's direcTV/DTV external tuner.  Immediately, even both of my sons noticed big difference. The black level meets the plasma level (especially on full HD football programs). Until then I discovered what this Sony TV can deliver!  Well, that picture is perfect, with Vivid colors (I am not talking about the exaggerated "VIVID mode" here. I meant a more realistic and rich colors) and deep black (but not to the point that you don't see shadow details.)I was only using the component connection. Notice that the commercials always mentioned that the HDMI is the best connection.  However, it depends on the video converter of the TV set and that of the source set.  If you use a high-end Blu-ray or DVD player, the component output may seem better than HDMI output because the video converter on the DVD player is better than the video converter on the TV set.  However, if the TV is also good, then you may (not must) get a better picture through the HDMI.  It depends! For this Sony TV, I tried Toshiba HD DVD player HD D3 (Or HD A3), it is an excellent DVD player too. I compared the component with HDMI and found that the HDMI renders a hair sharper image with very slightly detailed colors. The component wire is not the top-notch here. So the little "worse" image from component could be caused by either slightly inferier video converter from Toshiba or by the inferier component cable. I cannot determine here. However, with the Sony digital DirecTV/DTV receiver, I prefer the signal from the component input. Or at least that I can hardly tell which one is really better. So if you don't have a previous HD connection, buy HDMI.  Otherwise, do some brief "comparison" work before you decide which connection to use.Anyway, the picture quality of this Sony is satisfactory.  The 60hz refresh rate really does not matter that much when I view the HD football games.  However, the 1080p makes difference when you view close by the TV (This TV is in the kitchen).  Also it looks better too if you use as a PC monitor.  I did hook up my Dell Latitude to this Sony and the picture looks very clear and vibrant. I never expect the sound from stand alone TV set to be good. For the news in kitchen, it sounds ok. I hear talks clearly. Don't use its build-in speakers for concert purpose. I have a Denon receiver and Celestion speakers in my kitchen. So the sound is not a problem to me with this TV.Over all, it is an excellent choice as a monitor.  However, as a stand-alone TV, the picture may suffer a little washed-out. The sound may not be able to compete with the best but it is still ok, clear highs, low/no base.  I would give this Sony 3+ stars as a stand-alone TV but 5+ stars as a monitor.  That's why you see 4 stars on my rating.  But for my purpose, it is a solid 5-star monitor!