I am not one to normally write reviews, however i felt compelled to write this review since there is not much first hand information outside of CNET on the PNC7000. I am sort of a video file and have been do homework on my new TV upgrade for almost a year. I currently had a Samsung 40" LCD which i loved. The picture was amazing and i never had any ghosting, motion blur, or image problems whatsoever. I did need however a larger screen size, 58". I began looking at LED LCD's exclusively . Plasma wasn't even a consideration. I had my eye on the Samsung UN55B7000/8000 series. This LCD had received pretty good professional and user reviews. I was sold on this LCD until i watched one in person outside of the retailer showroom. The motion blur and dejudder were horrible and the colors and images looked unrealistic. At this point I starting looking at Plasma. I began to really look at the detail and realness of the plasma vs LED and not the brightness and vivid colors of the LED. Looking at TVs with this perspective showed me the major difference between the two technologies. I went to BB and did a side by comparison of the Samsung UNC6000/7000 and the Samsung PNC7000. The image detail was so much better on the plasma. Watching Discovery channel is simply amazing. The colors of the grass look real. The flesh tones looked real. Now its certainly not as bright as the LED and that takes some getting used to if you already have an LCD, but the Plasma shows much more realistic image quality. I did however really like the UNC8000, but it was way out of my price range. For under 2K with free blue ray and glasses this set cant be beat. As for 3D, its really cool. Although not a feature i needed to have, i am glad it does. It shows really well on MvA and I cant wait for more 3D content. Its a great feature. Style? this set gets major style points. It has a matte finish, hard to find over piano black, and a clear glass border which is sweet looking.  It also comes mounted with a clear bezel on a stainless steel stand that looks killer. Great WAF(wife acceptance factor)The reason I can't give this set 5 stars are as follows: Buzz! the only real issue from the users standpoint was the buzz. I took a chance and my set has a consistent buzz after start up. The good news is that i can only hear it when the volume(i am connected to a Yamaha receiver and Take 5 Classic surround speakers with Polk Audio 10" subwoofer) is down so low you wouldn't be able watch TV anyway. The Xbox 360 has a louder hum than the TV, but the TV should'nt have it at all. Its certainly not a deal breaker but the buzz is real. There is also no Standard AV connections on the back(this did not affect my rating). I needed to upgrade my wii cables to component video to be able to play it on this set. Not a huge deal and i should have looked it up prior to ordering. I just assumed there would be at least one standard AV connection. Could only give 4 stars because of the Buzz!All in all i feel that this is the set to have for the price and image quality. 3D looks amazing, plenty of picture adjustments and settings, widgets(i have CAT6 hardwired for widgets and updates), blue ray looks outstanding, great stand alone image appeal and the set really captures the detail and realism over LCD, in my opinion.