It took me three months to pay for this, actually had it on layaway at my local Sears for that long. Originally I was going to go for two others TVs before this one until a gentleman who works there, went by the name of Peter, directed me towards this TV. As soon as I saw it, and saw the picture clarity in comparison to the Sharp Aquos as well as other TVs of similar size and specs, I knew this was the TV for me. Most of the other TVs looked washed out compared to this thing, so it was no contest.Anyway, I finally got this thing home, eventually set it up on a wall mount I got off of here for cheap, and it's been a fantastic TV. Much, MUCH improved over my old standard-def TV, which was given to a friend afterward BTW. The picture quality is superb, the colours are rich and vibrant, no motion blur, no slowdown, no lag, none of the problems that apparently seems to plague most TVs with the 60Hz specs. Even standard-def cable looks fantastic on this beast, and that's saying something right there. I don't think you'll be disappointed with this as a sports game TV at all if you want to primarily use it for that. However, the real star of the show is gaming. Especially with HDMI cables, which is a must, fortunately you can get them for crazy cheap nowadays.As one other reviewer said, games have never looked better. Like him, I sat there for at least 5 - 10 minutes drooling after booting up Killzone 2 on my PS3. I was absolutely amazed at how good everything looked, and that's just the tip of the proverbial iceberg. Being able to read the text on Star Ocean: The Last Hope International and not having everything blur on me or having my eyes hurt for that matter, when using the classic Anime look of that game was astounding to say the least. Super Street Fighter IV, which is fast and frantic, ran without missing a single beat. Then there was Forza Motorsport 3 on the 360? Jaw-dropping to say the least. Same with Mass Effect, was amazing to see the text on screen whereas before I simply could not do so only downer was the slowdown but I feel that was due to in-game programming as opposed to my TV as the slowdown has only happened with this game alone. While I am sure other HDTVs would do the same thing, could they do so with the same quality? I can answer with doubtful.The only weak point is the sound, which is decent enough, it gets the job done but nothing more. There's nothing special about it, I'd say if you can, hook it up to a good surround sound speaker system. You'll most likely get better sound quality, and you'll be able to enjoy the fantastic picture quality this badboy has to offer. All in all, this is really a fantastic TV with so much bang for the buck that it's unreal. You won't be disappointed if you decide to get this badboy. I am so glad I did, I could not be happier as a gamer.An Update: I have had this TV for just about 2 years now, and I have to say I am still amazed by everything. I've not had any problems with the thing whatsoever. I still can't get over how many connections this thing has, alot of them are being used on it as we speak. I've even hooked up my PS2 through component cable, and my God I see what I was missing throughout all the years now. When even your older games that support Progressive Scan can look amazing on a nice TV such as this, you KNOW you've done something right.