When it's time to buy something as substantial as a TV, I do my research.  In the past year I have researched every aspect of plasma vs LCD, 720p vs 1080p, dynamic contrast ratio vs native contrast ratio, and beyond.  I've gone to multiple showrooms and fiddled with settings on every brand of TV sold in my region.  And after all of this research, I found the Samsung LNT4053H LCD TV to be the best combination of value and features, by far.The picture on the Samsung LNT4053H is unbelievably crisp and detailed.  But bear in mind that the picture will only be as crisp as the input you send it; if you're hoping to hook up your janky standard-def cable and hope this thing turns it into eye-popping high-def, then you're going about it all wrong.  This TV is made for a clean HD signal to show off what it can do.The first thing you should do with this TV is go into the picture settings and turn off the DNIE setting.  Having DNIE on basically turns the color saturation WAY up, which makes everything look very unnatural and dream-like.  After you turn that off, there are a ton of other picture adjustment options for you to play with to customize your viewing experience.  I'm still working on getting mine dialed in just right.The Samsung LNT4053H is only 720p, but every legitimate source of tech information I could find (CNet, Buy.com, etc) says that there is no difference between 720p and 1080p until your TV is at least 50".  This TV is only 40", so it is well below that threshold.  I can vouch for the fact that this TV looked exactly as good as the 40" 1080p sets next to it.The input selection is also best in class.  It has three HDMI inputs, two coaxial inputs (for cable as well as an over-the-air antenna), and plenty of component and composite hookups for your earlier-generation technology like a VHS player or original Sony Playstation.As far as the sound from the TV goes...why are you concerned with the sound from the TV?  Do you really have a TV this nice and no external stereo system?  If you want to compare how this TV sounds compared to a good 5.1 surround setup, then yes, it sounds terrible.  But it has tiny TV speakers for goodness sakes, just like every other TV made, ever.  NO TV has good speakers, because good speakers are expensive and do not fit inside of a slim television.  For anyone out there judging the quality of a TV by its speakers, please stop.  It's not worth taking away a star for that.I can't speak to the quality of the remote, because I use a Logitech Harmony universal.  I can say that this TV integrates flawlessly with it.  If you don't have a good universal remote, get one.  It's worth it.Another thing I was pleased with was the response time of switching inputs and changing channels.  Some TVs have a more noticeable lag for these operations, but the Samsung LNT4053H is pretty snappy.  You can hide inputs you aren't using, and rename the ones you are using.  You can also add customized names for each channel.  You get 5 characters to name each channel, such as "DSCVR" or "HGTV" which is helpful and a nice customization to have.  There is also a "favorites" feature whereby you can designate channels as favorites so you can switch between your most frequently viewed channels.  And if you want, you can completely remove channels so that you don't have to deal with flipping over the Lifetime Movie Network every time you're on your way to Comedy Central.This is a fantastic TV, and as of December 2008 it can be had for as little as $900 shipped if you do some smart online shopping.  But don't take my word for it; go look at televisions in the showroom, read reviews, and learn what the specs mean.  Most TVs aren't necessarily "better" or "worse," but usually just "different."  This TV satisfied every one of my criteria for a good set, so I'm extremely pleased with it.