First, I must say that I owned the PN63C8000 for awhile before returning it due to a technical defect (picture blinking sporadically - known issue for this model). At first, I was a bit upset because the picture on that TV was just beautiful, but I knew that I had to return it or risk the blinking issue progressively getting worse as time passed. Anyway, although I was worried that the TV couldn't perform as well as my C8000, I must say that this TV greatly improved on its picture! It seems brighter than my PN63C8000 (even with my cell light only at 10 right now), and the way it handles motion is incredible. I've had it for only a couple days and I can't wait to get home and turn it on again! I actually turned it on before going to work this morning just to see the amazing picture before I left (Call me a dork/nerd now, but you'll understand if you see this beauty in person!)Funny fact - I have been watching a certain sports station every day on my C8000 set, and when I turned on this station from my D8000 I couldn't believe the difference! The poor woman on there looked much older because I can see so many more fine wrinkles on her face! Amazing! Don't get me wrong, the C8000 is a great set, but I definitely noticed an improvement within minutes of watching this TV! You can read all the reviews you want but you will not be able to truly appreciate and understand the picture quality until you see it in person! Note - I don't have any buzzing or screen peeling issues that affected the earlier manufactured panels (mine was manufactured Aug 19, 2011).I haven't tried the 3D yet, but I heard and read that it's incredible. It worked well on the PN63C8000, so I'm anxious to see if I notice any significant improvements. I also tried the internet browser for a bit and I must say that it is pretty nice. It will take some time to get totally used to it, but having this feature readily available on your TV (think of checking Fantasy Football scores!!) is pretty cool and a nice upgrade from last year!Everyone and anyone who has done his/her research to find the TV with the best picture quality and features knows that for the second straight year it is between Samsung's D8000 Plasma and Panasonic's VT30 plasma. You will most likely be very happy with either one, but I strongly believe the D8000 easily set itself apart from the VT30 because of its superior color accuracy, sleek design, array of features, helpful customer support, and overall value. You will probably be very happy with the VT30, but I am absolutely thrilled with the PN64D8000! You cannot go wrong here! I strongly suggest you get the 64" size too if you have the money and the room for it because you won't have to wonder a couple weeks or months later if you should have gone with the bigger model (because that answer would likely be a "Yes, you idiot!" Not to mention, the bigger panels have been shown to be producing deeper/superior black levels.To sum it up, I have already done all the research and all the comparisons that one could possibly do before making the purchase. Take it from me and do yourself a big favor...SAVE YOURSELF THE TIME AND BUY THE PN64D8000!!! YOU WILL BE SO THRILLED ONCE YOU DO!!