I bought this TV last summer and figured now would be a good time to provide some input.  I am a techie, but i use the default settings on the TV and they have been fine for me.  But after using this TV for 6 months it was time to share my experiences.Picture QualityThis is strongest when I am watching live sports and video gaming.  I don't have cable and use the free TV around me.  Its actually clearer than HD from cable companies.  This TV gets a solid workout when i play games.  I log about 20-30 hours a week in shooters on my XBOX slim like Halo and MW3.  The quality of these games on the large screen is phenomenal.  On the other side, movies and TV programming are a bit weird as all the people are "too life like".  Its as if the TV is trying to up convert everything.  Some things are not meant for this conversion.  The biggest impact is when i see way too much details in action movies like Transformers and Super 8.  detracts from the theatrical experience.SoundThere aren't any noticeable ports where speakers would reside.  Obviously they cant be big on such a thin TV.  But I find the sound is quite good.  I normally turn on my surround for movies, sports or stereo supported TV shows.  But for the news and other general stuff they are great.  Bass is decent.  They get plenty loud and i normally keep around 15 out of 100 is a quite room.Connections4 HDMI connections work well.  I tried the USB connector and started hearing funny sounds from my USB drive.  So now i use a laptop connected using the HDMI connection.  It has an optical out, but it only works with sound from a TV station or one of the streaming apps.  Once again, i think they did this on purpose to reduce piracy.Smart Hub - Apps1st gen apps for a TV.  They aren't special, but can be convient.  BBC news and youtube are nice to watch.  The HD programming on YouTube is nice to watch.  The problem is lake of integration between a cool keyboard to the apps.  For example i need to use the arrow keys to select the right letters to type when I searching term for the YouTube app.  But the browser works ok with the keyboard.Note: The Amazon Prime Instant Video is mysteriously lacking as an app.  Its available for previous Samsung TV models.  So i have a feeling they removed to appease the Netflicks, Vudu and other paid service providers.Power ConsumptionPeople like the color range on a plasma.  I agree that the colors appear better.  But my goal was to have a wall mounted (i can lift this TV by myself) unit that doesnt generate a massive amount of heat.  After 4 or 5 hours of hard core gaming, the TV is cool to the touch.Let me know if there are any other categories missing and i can help fill in some more blanks.