This is not a product review, since I have not recieved the TV yet.I ordered this TV from Amazon on 9/8 and recieved notification that I had a scheduled delivery on 9/20-9/26. OK not to bad I can wait a little. This item was in their wareshouse, so a third party transaction should not be a problem.I recieved my "order shipped" today 9/12.  OK, 3 days to process it.Here's the issue, The scheduled delivery date is now 10/2 from Eagle Truckers. I have not talked to the shipper yet, but will tomorrow. If I had known that it would take close to a month to get the TV, I may not have ordered it from them. Prices are falling fast and I am not sure that it will be such a good deal by the time I get it.I will update this post as things change.Update.I talked to the shipper and now I am scheduled for delivery on 9/19, so maybe all is OK. I guess you can't go by the delivery dates quoted.Will update again when recieved.Update: 9/22/06Received TV on 9/19. No dead pixels. There is always a chance of buying something online and dealing with the return poilicy on over 27" TV's. Fortunately I have not had an issue yet. Don't look forward with having to deal with Samsung for service. I saved about $220 plus the sales tax from buying retail. So if your really price conscious, then you should take the chance. I know that if I had a problem with dead pixels or speakers not working, then I would have just took it back to the store.As far as what I ahve seen on the TV itself...It has excellent HDTV and DVD quality. I am hook up to HD cable box and get anywhere from 720p to 1080i on HD channels..amazing picture.Do not expect analog signals to look as good as a tube TV. Digital channels are just average. So it depends or your source input.I am having trouble using HDMI input, it can't find the signal. At this point I don't know if its my cable box, the HDMI cable or the TV. From what I have seen, there isn't much difference in quality vs component input anyway. The HDMI will be useful for the DVD upconverter I will be getting.Another reason I bought this was for PC input via VGA. It displays 1366 x 768, 1024 x 768 and 800 x 600. Only the highest resouliton keeps the aspect ratio correct, so make sure your graphics card does. I have a good card so mine does and I watch a DVD from the PC and it was beautiful.I am also using it as a monitor for the PC when siitng on a couch 10 feet away, with wireless keyboard and mouse. It a little strain on my eyesite, but I need glasses. For normal vision it is not an issue. You cannot use PIP between PC and component or HDMI inputs.Overall I am please with this purchase, but I have not has the issues that are mentioned elsewhere.Hope this helps.