I purchased this SONY to replace a SAMSUNG ( see below). I  have always  been a big SONY fan and everything I have is SONY,but like many of us SONY tends to be a little pricey and with budgets the way they are I like many was trying to save a few bucks, WRONG thing to do !!  I had a SONY Bravia in the past and it lasted for years, one of those big 2 person to carry type tube TV's whihc was till working great when I got rid of it.After my husbnad died I had no one ot help me move it and decided to go to  a flat screen.A year ago December I purchased a SAMSUNG 40" at Sears.  It was sort a gift to myself as my husband had died a few months earlier and the evenings can be long and lonely.THe SAMSUNG had problems from the start but I thought it was due to the cable service ( or lack there of ). I would be watching and all of a sudden the picture would go away and  window would pop up saying weak or no signal, or there would be no audio, or there would be numerous stops and starts whcih as I said I attributed to the cable company. In January ( a month after the warranty ran out) I was watching when the audio went out, so I checked the back of the TV ( SAMSUNG) and the antenna port was loose which interferred with the cable staying in the port, I wiggled it a little and the audio would came back but unless you held a certain way the audio would not stay. After looking things over and trying a couple of things I found that the cable would not go all the way into the port which is why the TV never worked as it should have . I contacted SAMSUNG and of course they would do  nothing since it was out of warranty by a month.The SONY arrived quickly , I was very concerned because the packaging was badly damaged, I immediately contacted AMAZON and they said to go ahead and open it and  make sure everything works, which I did and it has been fine. I got it all installed and turned it on and VIOLA! I had no idea how much I had been missing!  I was getting more channels than with the SAMSUNG ! The only difference between the two was the size ( 40" verses a 46") . The picture is awesome and it is very easy to manuver around the various options . Watching movies is wonderful! For the price I think it was a good value. I don't  watch lots of TV  but when I do want to enjoy it. I found no distortion when changing the width of the picture which I did have on the SAMSUNGI have an Amazon store card and they offered me no interest for 24 months with no interest, which I can handle easily on my widows benefits . I also lucked out , my son gave me an Amazon Kindle Fire for my birthday and withit came a months free of PRIME so I received it in just a couple of days.I moved the SAMSUNG to the guest room , it works with limited ability to receive channels but it is still good for watching movies so will be okay for when my Grandson visits and wants to watch a movie!I highly recommend This SONY television