This Samsung model truly deserves its five-star rating, even though the first one I received was a bummer.  The first time the TV was powered up on January 29. a vertical red line appeared to the left of center on the screen, and this annoying red line was perpetual.  When the COX cable technician arrived that same day to upgrade my digital receiver to a digital HDTV receiver, he told me the red line was definitely a factory defect.  I immediately contacted Amazon.com by phone, and was assured that the defective TV would be replaced by a new one as quickly as possible.  Amazon.com really deserves five stars for their prompt action on the replacement.  At the time the LNT-4071 was out of stock, but Amazon.com worked miracles and by February 13, CEVA/Eagle brought a replacement TV and took away the defective one.  Their delivery men commented that they seldom have to return a Samsung television set.  I commend CEVA/Eagle for their courtesy in contacting me prior to delivery on arrangements.  While their first delivery person seemed a bit unsteady in handling the large package, CEVA/Eagle sent two men the second time, both of whom were courteous, helpful and professional.  A word to Samsung would be that while this terrific HDTV deserves the five stars, they should really improve their quality control and never let such a defective model be released and delivered to a customer.When I first decided to upgrade to a large flat-screen television with high definition, I researched various brands for months before selecting this model.  I looked at Sony and Vizio and others in a store, and I read many reviews from customers on Amazon.com online.  The Samsung LNT-4071 was the right size, the right price, and from what I'd seen and read, had the best picture and the most happy customers..  So you can understand why I nearly passed out when my newly delivered television came up defective.  Not only did it have the everlasting red horizontal red line, it emitted an unpleasant smell like burnt carbon whenever I walked near the TV.  I didn't realize the smell was a problem until my second delivery TV was up and running with no nasty odor.Now I can appreciate all the great things other reviewers said about the exquisite clarity of the picture, the true-to-life colors, and the ease-of-use of the user's manual for adjusting the detailed setting controlling picture mode, contrast, color, brightness, and so forth.  Some reviewers complained about the reflective screen and border areas, but my room does not provide enough direct lighting to cause such reflections.  Besides, I believe the glossy screen is partially responsible for the amazing precision in picture quality.  Because I'm connected to cable, I use the COX remote control, which allows me to switch from the television to the DVD player to the VCR by just clicking buttons.  I might add that the sound is stereo quality and simple to adjust.Kudos to Amazon.com for their immediate response to my disappointment over my first defective HDTV.  Thanks to Samsung for providing such great television enjoyment, which outperforms the highly touted, more expensive Sony Bravia. My advice to Samsung is to check your quality control division closely before sending out any more defective models.