Like many others, we had been scouring the Internet for credible information about which HDTV to buy (we had already spent $300+ in repairs on our 10-year old Hitachi rear projection set with little improvement and it was obviously on its last legs).  Earlier this year, when we first started looking in earnest, we were interested in this model because it was highly rated on numerous sites.  But then we saw people complain about a "fluctuating brightness (FBR)" issue under very specific scenarios and we were scared off.A few months later, we started looking around again and we noticed that despite this FBR issue, this model was consistently rated near the top of all sets in this size and price range.  When I looked into it some more (mostly by reading helpful reviews from others here on Amazon), I learned that Panasonic was able to reproduce the problem and had come up with a fix.  If you had a set which had been manufactured prior to a specific date (I think it was in Oct 2011), then you could request that Panasonic send a technician to your house at no cost to replace a single part which would fix the FBR issue; this fix was included in all new sets produced in October 2011 on.  So, to me, this was no longer an issue - if I was lucky, I would get a set with the fix added at the factory.  If I was not lucky, I would just have to schedule someone to fix it for me. It is also worth mentioning that many people with sets that have this FBR issue do not even notice it, so chances are you would not even need the fix.While reading the reviews for this set here on Amazon, I saw that some people mentioned instructions for calibrating this set to optimize the picture quality.  One or two of the reviews mentioned a web site called highdefjunkies dot com for instructions on doing this properly.  If you go to their user forums, search for the thread called "2011 Panasonic Settings /Issues Thread".  This thread was started by D-Nice, a guy who makes a living professionally calibrating television sets, which requires purchasing expensive calibration equipment and experience using that equipment.  According to those who eat, sleep, and breathe audio and video, it is a smart investment to pay the $400 or so to have your HDTV professionally calibrated since it will allow you to maximize the enjoyment of your HDTV for the rest of its lifetime.Most of us (including me) would not go through with this because of the expense and/or because we would assume that it would come from the factory with the proper setup.  Thankfully, D-Nice did us all a big favor.  In that thread, he outlined a very specific set of steps to follow in order to reproduce display settings which are very close to those he achieved on the same unit using his professional calibrating equipment, which intrigued me.  So, we bit the bullet and ordered the set.It is important to note that the D-Nice instructions require that you follow everything exactly or your results will differ from his.  This meant that once you turned on the set, rather than watch your favorite movie or TV show, you had to run a specific set of colored slides for 100 hours to artificially age the phosphors (supposedly, the first 100-200 hours that the plasma screen runs the pixels have the potential to subtly change colors, so these slides speed up that process and age all pixels uniformly which improves color fidelity).  There is a very helpful FAQ in post #1258 of that thread (which is located on Page 63 of that thread).  Please read this FAQ for a better idea of what to do and why it is recommended that you do this.I don't know what it would have looked like if rather than following D-Nice's instructions I had just turned it on and used it like 99% of us would have.  However, I do know that the picture is beautiful and I do not regret waiting the extra 100 hours before I could use it.We also ended up buying Walker Edison Regal 60-In. 4-in-1 TV Stand with Mount to set the HDTV on (we bought the 60" version of this model of HDTV).  The original plan had been to use its included mount to mount the television rather than set it on the top shelf, but Panasonic's documentation was adamant that you only use Panasonic-certified mounts so I decided to set it on the top shelf instead, which was no big deal.  We also have the following equipment in this stand: middle shelf: Onkyo TX-NR509 5.1 Channel Network A/V Receiver, PlayStation 3 160GB System.  Bottom shelf: VIP 622, D-Link DGS-1008G 8-Port Gigabit Desktop Switch.  So far, all equipment is running properly since there are no ventilation issues with this stand.  The stand is also very attractive and looks great in our basement (which gets very little ambient light so we do not have any glare issues with its reflective glass screen).We also just bought Panasonic TY-EW3D3MU 3D Active Shutter Eyewear for Panasonic 3D HDTVs (Medium).  We just got them yesterday, and do not yet have much content to test them with.  I found a couple of 3D demo videos online and played them and they looked decent.  I also received Batman: Arkham City which can be played in 3D, though to be honest I did not see any real difference after enabling 3D (though I only played it another hour or two).  So, at the moment, I am not overly impressed with the 3D functionality but like I said, we'll see what happens when I get some real 3D content.