I have done a LOT of research - both reading and viewing TV's and had decided to trade up from my 3 year old 50" Sharp Aquos LCD.  A lot of experts recommended this model but I was totally uninterested in 3D and worried about plasma.  A lesser worry was reflections on the glossy glass screen common to plasma TV's.So I was very interested to read that this highly-rated "25" series is to be replaced with the "30" series this Spring.  The initial reports are that the upgrades will be relatively minor and not really effect the picture quality which is, after all, what is the big issue.  So I raced off to my local video store and sure enough they had this model on close-out pricing $1799.  This is a great value for this excellent picture.So I got it home and all the surprises have been positive:1.  The 3D is really quite good.  Buy your HDMI cable and glasses from Amazon ( there is only one set included with the TV), as dealers always try to nick you on the accessories and cables. Panasonic TY-EW3D2MMK2 Ultimate 3D Starter Kit (Avatar 3D + 2 Rechargeable Glasses)AmazonBasics High Speed HDMI Cable (6.5 Feet / 2.0 Meters) - Supports Ethernet, 3D, and Audio Return [NEW MODEL]2.  This whole Viera Cast capability is very impressive; my Panny DVD player talks to my TV and vice versa.  I am so impressed I ordered a Panny home theater set-up.3.  Netflix streaming is excellent.... I had been using my Samsung Blu-Ray player as a Netflix source before, but now I have the ethernet plugged right into the TV.4.  The 2D picture is amazing.... while in the store I was able to do a side-by-side comparison with a new Sony XBR series LED with local dimming - - supposedly the best tech for non-plasma TV's.  It DID have a great picture, but no better than this set AND it was  $4k for a 42" set!!5.  The salesman did a demo for me of fast-moving scenes... exactly the same picture source on LCD's and LEDs ranging from 60 to 240Hz and then this Panny, which is rated at 600Hz. This is the hands-down champ.6.  The screen glare is no different than my Aquos had in the exact location.7.  The off-center viewing experience is dramatically better than any LCD TV... the picture is sharp and clear and colors are excellent well past 45 degrees off-center.So my advice is to go look at this TV and if you like what you see, go for close-out pricing.Update Dec 8, 2011:All of the above comments are still true; we are very happy with this set.We actually have not used it for 3D since the first month; that's because we aren't interested in most of the 3D movies available.... not Panasonic's fault.  But when I mentioned to the salesman (Video Only) that we were mostly 2D viewers he explained to me that this set, being 1080p AND 3D has a much more powerful signal processor than a typical 2D set.  Be that as it may we just liked what we saw.  So I guess we are future-proofed if 3D grows in importance, but we're very happy with the 2D performance and that's what we bought it for.My only regret is in rushing to buy the extra 3D glasses.  I should have waited.I bought and used a calibration disk Digital Video Essentials Basic Blu-Ray Dvd Audio With Calibration Test Signals Descriptive Text which guided me through tweaking the picture to an even better level.  And stopped my wife from using the "Vivid" setting, which is truly awful.  [I was  surprised I ended up with slightly different settings than the "THX" setting, which is certainly very good out of the box.]UPDATE: Aug 5, 2012:No change to the rating or comments above.  But I have to mention that Comcast is broadcasting the Olympics in 3D (and Panasonic cameras were used in the process) and the result is SPECTACULAR.  They also are broadcasting a wildlife program from Africa and when the Land Rover goes off road, the plants going by it are very realistic.  Rhinos, giraffes, lions .... wow.Just makes me regret even more that there's not more 3D content available.One other small update: the set of glasses that came with my set requires that you put in a new (Cr2032) battery every 10-12 hours.  That is NOT an easy task if you have less than perfect eyesight or trouble with small parts.  The task would have been much easier if the battery compartment was on the outside of the glasses.... but it's on the inside, near the hinge.... most likely the location was dictated by a stylist/designer, not by an engineer.  The accessory glasses I bought (see above review) are rechargeable with a common USB cable so they are more convenient in this regard.  Finally, if you decide to buy accessory glasses look around... they actually are available in small, medium and large sizes... the ones I highlighted above are the mediums; if you want something else look around.