This TV is great- if you can get around the Amazon Instant Video problems.  For me, anyway, I had to restart TV twice in ten days as Amazon App failed to load.  The app is really garbage as it is part of the yahoo suite and it takes like ten clicks to get out and around in the app. Poor organization when you are in- compare the organization to Netflicks and you will see the weaknesses.  I've given up calling in as Amazon CS agents just forward complaint to technical people with no solution- waste of time.  I've uninstalled app and re-installed and I'll see if that helps- self help here as no help from Amazon.  App hasn't crashed yet- but it has only been less than a day.Samsungs are way too expensive.  I got lucky through amazon warehouse deals on this set. I purchased as new through Amazon Warehouse Deals for 891.  It was new- all the film was still on it and all the accessories were still in the bags.  You can count on an as new description from Amazon as being accurate as the 64gb playbook I purchased for 226 was also unopened.  In my opinion, when given the choice between like new and anything else, it's worth getting a like new one.Updating the firmware and software took some restarts and a reset for Netflix to work.  When watching Netflix or streaming video, the screen flickers once every minute or so- for just a fraction of a second.  Doesn't bother me too much.  The Apps, while better then Sony still kinda suck.  BBC News App is totally screwed.  Why does Samsung allow crap like that?The thing looks great in my bedroom.  I also have a Sony kdl-60nx810 in my living room.  There are some minor clouding issues on the Samsung that just aren't present on the Sony.  In addition, some of the presets on the Samsung are way, way too bright. I also have a several year old top of the line 32 Sharp "gaming" LCD TV that my son is stuck with.  I really think it has more room for picture adjustment than this mighty 8000 series has.  My Sony led has slightly less "room" for adjustment than this Samsung has, but the image, when properly calibrated, is better than this 8000 series.I use my ipod touch as a keyboard via Samsung's remote app in itunes.  It makes surfing youtube a breeze. The sound on the 8000 is great for a thin TV- much better than the Sony.  However, I use external speakers through cheap optical cables. I opted to run an ethernet cable toit as the wi-fi dongle is a costly item and wires are always good and cheap.  I understand Rosewill makes a dongle that's available for around 20 for those interested in that route.Most of the professional settings I have found for this Samsung were the lifeless plasma movie settings- not my cup of tea.  I have  found one setting here on Amazon from a user for the Samsung that is pretty decent.... edit.... (actually, the settings found here on Amazon are pretty amazing if watching 1080p.) I have watched some sample videos on the tv from my win 7 computer with these settings and the quality is SUPERB.  However, I do not have the right format videos on my CPU for the most part.  It's REAL pain to make videos compatible if they aren't already.  I'd rather spend my time writing stupid tv reviews on Amazon instead.