So far so good. I wanted this to watch over the air TV broadcasts, Netflix, and blu-ray. The blu-ray player hasn't arrived yet but I'm sure it will be spectacular. The TV setup was fairly easy and would have probably gone better if the furnished remote batteries weren't almost dead. I made it through the setup and a Netflix movie with the remote seeming like something I was going to hate then it quit responding all together. I put in new batteries and it is working fine. I actually got the sound pretty decent by adjusting the settings. I changed the surround setting to standard and selected the ROCK profile and it greatly improved the sound. I ordered an inexpensive sound bar with the TV but it hasn't arrived. The tuner seems really strong. I am in a weak area and have been having to rotate the antenna almost every time I change the channel on my old setup. This TV is pulling in 13 of the 14 available channels very clear without having to move the antenna position. I don't think I'll have much trouble adjusting to the Netflix interface but I will probably still use my computer for browsing movies and putting them in queue. That's about it for now. Will update if it seems any better or worse in the future. Remember this is a first night impression but I have a very positive feeling.October 19, 2012To follow up the remote batteries were not dead. The remote is just very finicky about having to be aimed at the lower left of the TV where the sensor is located.I also adjusted the backlighting to 90% and raised the sharpness setting to 10 and the picture is much crisper. Hooked up the cheap soundbar I purchased and didn't like it. I could not get the volume to adjust with the TV remote so I want to hook up a set of computer speakers sometime to make sure that can be done in case I want a better soundbar or surround sound system.Just watched a preview on the 3D movie I purchased and this 3D stuff is going to be way cooler than I anticipated.November 3, 2012Still very pleased with this purchase. The remote hasn't turned out to be an issue after getting used to it.The 3D was a neat novelty but wore off by the second movie. We actually had a bad experience with 3D on the second one. We watched about 2/3 of a movie without taking a break and all of our eyes started to get irritated. We finished the movie with the 2D disc and haven't messed with 3D since. The first 3D movie we watched we took a break every 20 minutes or so and had no such problem. I tried the simulated 3D on the TV and from the Sony Blu-Ray player and neither were anything I would consider usable. The picture quality is great in regular 2D mode and newer blu-ray movies seem to have near 3D depth without this feature.Even though the sound wasn't that bad I added a pair of Tascom speakers with a sub woofer to enhance the sound. It sounds a lot more dynamic but the sub woofer on this set is not very strong. I would like to add a quality surround sound but the wife would not let me crank it up if I did so this is a compromise.