As others have mentioned, this TV produces a great picture with very deep blacks and smooth motion.  There are, however, a couple of issues that have been raised in other reviews that I'd like to address:(1) This model suffers from a screen abnormality also known as "the crease."  The crease is a line or a series of lines that can be either vertical or horizontal, and which are visible mostly while the TV is displaying solid backgrounds.  The first sample of this model that I got had this problem.  In my case, it was a rather thick (about 10 pixels) vertical line located on the left side of the screen. It was visible no matter what I was watching.  It was so distracting that I didn't think twice about requesting an exchange.  The replacement sample that I got was perfect and I'm very happy with it, but I've read about people who have gotten several samples with the same issue.(2) Several reviewers have complained about the stand.  In my opinion, the stand for this TV is fantastic.  I'm not sure if the reviewers that have complained about it received bad samples or if they did not put it together correctly.  Just to be sure, make sure you tighten the screws simultaneously while you're putting it together so that it is balanced.  Once the TV is placed on top of the stand, it should not lean to either side.  The stand allows the TV to swivel horizontally and to be tilted up like an iMac.  I find this to be absolutely perfect for my application.  Some times we don't sit directly in front of the TV and want to move it so that it is facing us.  The stand's swivel action allows for this to be done very easily.  No need to move the stand itself.  I'm guessing people are unnerved by how flimsy it appears to be, but appearances can be deceiving in this case.  If you tighten everything correctly, there's no way the TV will topple over unless you're trying to do it on purpose, and even so, it will be difficult.(3) I've watched a couple of 3D movies and have played a 3D video game (Wipeout HD). So far, I'm very impressed by how well 3D is displayed by this model.  There is a little bit of ghosting, but it isn't very distracting.  I think the 3D experience will depend a lot more on the movie than on the TV.  I've watched some 3D trailers that were extremely bad - for example, the last Harry Potter movie - while others have been great.  This leads me to put the blame on the movie's 3D implementation, which isn't too surprising as 3D is mostly a Hollywood marketing gimmick at the moment.  Hopefully this will change.So, all in all, this TV is nearly perfect provided you get a good sample.  Make sure you buy it from a dealer with a liberal exchange policy.  I bought mine from Tiger Direct and they were great about my exchange.  Amazon is also known for being very helpful.  In my opinion, this TV is so perfect that it is worth the hassle of going through several samples.  However, if you are not willing to put up with this, I would stay away from it and buy something else.  Keep in mind that LED TVs are known for screen abnormalities, you should probably look at other technologies, such as Plasma if you don't want to deal with exchanges.