I just received the Blu- Ray 3D copy of The Avengers two days ago and watched the 3D feature disc yesterday.I was kinda disappointed in the much too long two and one half hour film and confused by the way they acheived the 3D effect.On October 12 I expect to receive the Alfred Hitchcock 1954 3D film " Dial M For Murder".  In those days 3D films were shot with twocameras, one for the left eye and one for the right eye.  The two views were then projected with a slight overlap through polaroid filters onto asilver coated screen that would retain the polarization. The polaroid glasses the audience wore separated the left and right views.  Simple, but very effective.Apparently, "The Avengers" was not shot that way.When I viewed the film without the glasses a close up of anyone seemed to be a 2D image with the background blurred into two images thatproduced some 3D effect, but still remained almost impossible to fuse even with the glasses so it remained a double image.  Today they referto that as ghosting I believe.  There was quite a bit of that in "The Avengers".When I receive my copy of "Dial M For Murder" I can only hope it was processed the "old fashioned" way and not mucked up with someone'sidea of improved digital processing.NOW, having said that, could my disappointment be due to a defect in my 42 inch VIZIO 3D HDTV?  I will greatly appreciate it if someonewould comment on this if they know how I can improve my 3D viewing.I have been shooting stereo slides with the same Stereo Realist camera since 1952.  I have been waiting sixtyyears for 3D to be completely accepted and now that it is coming to pass I cannot go to see a 3D moviebecause my arthritis will not allow me to sit in one position for more than fifteen minutes or so.The next best thing is 3D at home, but what 3D HDTV to choose.  After some consideration and research Ichose the VIZIO 42 inch Class Theater because I can well remember using polaroid glasses to see films like,The House Of Wax", "Dial M For Murder", Kiss Me Kate" and John Wayne in "Hondo".  Contrary to a lot ofmisinformed reviewers these films were NOT viewed through cardboard red and blue cellophane filters.  I alsochose the polaroid glasses over the active shutter glasses because I have a shutter glasses system from someyears ago that only works with a Cathode Ray Tube television set.  They are bulky and do not fit well over myregular glasses.  And then there's the batteries.The VIZIO 3D HDTV is just about the most TV technology you can get for $548.00.  In conjuction with myVIZIO Wireless Router I can watch all the Netflix streaming instant movies I can stand.  The 2D picture isexcellent and although people complain about a backlight washing out the blacks, the black level on this TV ispretty close to what you would expect from a plasma set.I cannot fairly comment on the 3D picture because I have no 3D Blu Ray discs as of yet and that's thestandard on which I will judge the 3D picture.  I have preordered "The Avengers" and "Dial M for Murder"which I will get in October and if I am really impressed with the 3D image I will update this review.There have been complaints about the built in sound system having low volume and poor sound reproduction, butthose complainants must have received defective units.  I could not believe the quality of sound and stereoeffectiveness of this built in sound system.  I have a good quality surround system, but I have yet to hook it upbecause I am really satisfied with the sound as it is.If you want to go the polaroid glasses route, seriously consider this VIZIO 3D HDTV.It has been about five months since I have written the above review and I feel that I may now comment on the 3D performance of this excellent television set.I had trouble at first since my viewing angle was slightly off.  To get a good 3D picture you must NOT be looking up at, or down on the face of the TV.  You must be viewing thescreen straight on.  I wrongly jumped to the conclusion that the Blu-ray transfers were at fault and that, for that reason, the screen image exhibited ghosting and double images.However, once the proper viewing angle is established, the three dimensional image is perfect.There has been some criticism that scan lines can be seen on images produced with the passive system of 3D presentation.  There are NO visible scan lines associated with my 3Dimages.  Nor is there any ghosting or double images whatsoever.  My conclusion is that if you will seriously evaluate point for point the Active system against the Passive systemyou will find that the Passive system is much cheaper, brighter and completely flicker free.  A big bonus for me is that by using my $6.00 pair of clip-on polaroid glasses it isas if I were wearing only my regular glasses, which I would be wearing anyway to watch TV.