This is an excellent TV.Picture Quality:The picture quality of this set is superb.  In the setup menu, I set the picture to "vivid" mode and the HD quality is simply life-like.  The color and contrast are excellent.  It also uses something that Sony calls MotionFlow which helps to smooth out the image when you are watching fast-action pictures.Backlight Technology:It is an LCD set, but uses a hot cathode fluorescent lamp for its backlighting.  This technology allows it to be much more energy efficient and close to par with the energy usage of LED backlit LCD TVs. Most LCDs use cold cathode fluorescent lamps. The 40" model uses a maximum of 140 watts, the 46" uses a max of 160 watts, and the 52" uses a max of 180 watts.Eco-Friendly:It has a sensor called a presence sensor that does two things.  First it senses the ambient (room) light and if the room gets darker, it will automatically dim the picture of the TV.  This works well if you are watching TV in the bedroom at night and you want less light output.  The second thing  that the sensor does is senses the room for motion and body heat.  If you leave the room for a preset amount of time (5 min, 30 min, ...) and the TV doesn't sense anyone around, it will turn off the picture.  If you walk back in the room, it senses you and turns the screen back on.  The sound stays on for another 30 minutes or so, then the whole set will go into stand-by mode if it does not sense you.  Both of these features can be turned off via the setup menu and help to conserve energy.Features (just a few of them):The TV is loaded with features.  It will automatically sense if you have something connected to an input (for example HDMI2).  This is great when you want to hit the input button on the remote because it will not select items that aren't currently sending out a signal.  This means you don't have to scroll through 10 items if you only have two components connected to the TV.  In the setup menu, you can set each input for always on, always off, or auto.  I used the always on setting for the PC input because the cable I used to connect the PC did not send a power signal so the TV did not sense it.  By setting it to always on, the PC input will always be available when I scan through the inputs.It also has a lot of inputs.  There are 4 HDMI inputs.  If you have a DVI port on your PC, then you can connect it through HDMI port 1 which also has an analog audio input.  There is one dedicated composite (with S-video) and one dedicated component input, but there is another switchable composite/component input that you can use if you have two composites and one component, or vice versa.  There is a PC input to connect via VGA connection.  The audio outputs are one optical digital out and one analog out.Dislikes:1. All of the Inputs and Output are on the left side (when looking at the front of the TV) of the TV.  This is unfortunate for me since my A/V cabinet is on the right side of the TV.  It is a minor inconvenience, but something that I did not think about until I got the set home.  I would say about half of the inputs are one the left side and the other half are on the back, next to the side inputs.2.  The presence sensor is right where I have my center audio speaker.  I will have to raise up the TV to still have that speaker front and center.Overall, this is not a cheap TV, but I think this is a case where you get what you pay for.  It is a really great set.