I have tried to by a Plasma TV for 3 years now, but I always ended up with a LCD.  I recently have been looking for either a Panasonic or Samsung 50" Plasma for either my office or bedroom.  I have a 52" 650 series Samsung 1080p LCD in my Home theater Room that has great color, HD Detail and overall quality.  I have done alot of research on Plasma TVs and found that the fore-mentioned brands above, are the best rated. I debated the 1080p VS 720p issue and came up with the truth that, 50" and below sizes,720p will give you as good a picture on HDTV as 1080p.  Reason, most signals that are sent, are originally 720p anyway.  If you are not using a blu-ray player often and if you are 4-5' away, you will tell no difference. Finally, almost a month ago, I got an email from Amazon that had the 2 brands on their Sales Ad.  I really wanted to try the Panasonic Brand, but the best deal was on the Samsung.  Being that I have several Samsung Products now and know the top quality of the brand, I chose the Samsung PN51D450 51" 720p for under $700.00 and ordered it.  Delivery was about a week, timed appointment, white glove delivery and a nice knowledgable friendly delivery person.  I had read about the "burn in" issues with Plasmas, but with pixal shift and a scroll bar, that is not a issue any longer if you follow the 100-200 break-in period.  Yes, it is a pain, but it is well worth it.  You can find written instructions online on how to setup your Plasma before the seemingly, never-ending break-in time.  You need to find a channel that doesn't have a logo in one place, like a cable information channel, and just let it run.  I put mine in the bedroom, so I was running it 17 hours a day and with that, it was almost 2 weeks before the 200 hours was done.  Most experts recommend the 200 hours.  Once that is done, you may go in and adjust all of the settings to get the UNBELIEVABLE PLASMA PICTURE YOU HAVE HEARD ABOUT, from the experts !!!!!The Samsung is about 20lbs lighter than the Panasonic and that is a plus.  This Plasma is one of the lower priced ones that Samsung has, but you are only missing the "add on features" that have nothing to do with the picture.  The most debate for me was, did I really need 1080p.  For the usage I have for this set, 720p is great and it saved me several Hundred Bucks and that is a plus.If you don't have the desire to wait a couple of weeks to "break-in" the set, buy a LCD. If you want to own and see why all of the experts say that the Plasma is the best picture, try this set.  I think that you will be happy with the picture and I know you you will find a use for all of the money you are saving.Overall, I believe I made the correct decision, 1. as good a picture as you can find2. over 20lbs lighter than comparable brands 3.a 51" Plasma for under $700.00 !!!Just another fine Samsung Product.