Just to give an idea for those ordering now that the 2011 TV's are a deal with 2012's on the horizon. I was torn between this and a similar Panasonic model. With word of Samsung also fixing their Fluctuating Brightness, I thought I've give them a try. I am not particularly a fan of Samsung, and have had very few products of theirs meet my expectations, so bear in mind that this review is given from a very subjective standpoint.Product ordered: 2/11/12Product delivered: 2/17/12 (intentionally scheduled the delivery later than earliest time possible)Product build date: December 2011Product firmware: 1015After 100 hours of use. No slides or any form of break in precautions have been taken, straight to family use from box (mostly Blu-ray, Netflix, Xbox 360, and PC):Fluctuating Brightness: I have noticed fBr only once (and believe me, I've been looking). It occurred at a cinematic moment I would suspect any TV to have had the same issue with.Screen Peeling: None whatsoever thus farBuzzing: Slight buzzing radiating out from the center. Only noticeable at low or nonexistent volume levels. I live 5,700 ft above sea level and know no one else with a Plasma TV in my town; I have no basis for comparison. I expected buzzing, but the buzzing is not only barely noticeable but far less than I expected. Not even close to ruining our cinematic experience.Image Retention: Not even the slightest hint of IR ("burn-in"). I was initially worried about watching content with static bars or games with constant HUD elements, but we've been using this Television aggressively and have not been able to conjure up its flaws. Obviously far less of a problem with newer PDP technology, but still worth bringing to consumer attention.Once calibrated, this TV is gorgeous. It also looks equally as gorgeous when it's displaying no picture. Makes a wonderful center piece for my family's home theater and entertainment center.The bezel looks very good and Samsung's design is slim enough to allow me to use a stand with integrated mount meant for a 60' television and still provide enough room around the outside for proper air flow.Ultimately, we are very satisfied with our purchase. My only gripe is the buzzing, but I'm only reminded of that when the A/V Receiver is switching inputs. Once any level of volume is applied, the buzzing problem goes out the window. I have heard of users who have had their buzzing diminish substantially or even completely after the TV's phosphors had aged past the 200 hour vibrant mark, but I'm not holding on to hope for that. Not a huge problem in the first place.It is hard to give it an accurate review after having only owned it for a week and a half. But if and when anything disappointing/displeasing should occur, i will swiftly update this review for those who may also be on the wall with their expensive purchase. I am pleased enough at this point to positively review it.*Update 1/18/13*5 star review has now become a 1 star based upon the company which produces this television. The internal panel is cracked with no physical damage to the exterior. Samsung will not honor the warranty even knowing this is a problem on their end. I'm leaving the rest of the review as my impression of the television set itself remains the same, but I cannot recommend a television of this caliber and price that will last less than a year. They are quite obviously out of production now that it is 2013, but from what I have read, this still remains a problem with their plasma panels. Please take note when you are deciding where to invest your $2000-3000. I was thrilled with this set and had hoped it would last my family and I for years to come, but only one year later I am having to spend the same amount of money on a new set. I will not be purchasing a Samsung product again. Good luck.