Here's an update to to my initial review below: I've now had it a week and still REALLY like it a lot.. Makes watching TV so much better.. but the main things i figured out and an very impressed with are: the DLNA and Apple AirPlay.. DLNA simply took enabling streaming the DLNA D30 net under Win Media Player .. but the GUI on the TV is what amazed me most. It's very fast to find and fill the directory and even tho i have tens of thousands of folders back to 1980, it sorts them all by date, name and preference (favorites) and builds a directory VERY fast on screen with good playback control to pause, fast forward etc during playback of content from your PC's hard drive (only thing I really miss is the means to rotate the video 180 degrees on playback).. It plays all the formats (unlike if playing from USB) including .mp4, .avi. .wmf and AVHCD camcorder all seem to play and handle the audio fine.. The other exceptionally cool thing that worked just fine with the iPhones and iPad was the Remote app ( that lets you navigate the TV options vis any iPhone /iPad.. and AirPlay..  is really great option if you have HBO GO or any number of videos and pictures on these devices ( or your friends ).. it plays any picture slideshows or video with AirPlay, along with the audio just fine up on this TV.. it's great.Yes, it's so cool to be able to take a huge batch of pictures ( tho it does not do Movies) in the Viera Connect app, then post and sync them on Picasa with one click.. .. then play them as a slideshow  on this TV in the living room with background music.. but now i can also do the same via AirPlay and pick my own Pandora channel audio too.When i reviewed it last i had not set up the Logitec Harmony Remote .. and that works flawlessly too .. I have the Cox Cable Settop Box on HDMI 1, BlueRay on HDMI2, Apple TV on HDMI 3 and "all others" on a 5 way switch coming in HDMI 4.. that works great and a single button turns the TV, set top box, and AV switch ON or all three OFF.. and controls the volume displaying TVo'd content and channels etc.. from the Harmony remote. i have the older Logitec Harmony similar to the model 520 available now.Could it do even MORE? .. yes I'd like a web browser, and a few other things but this TV is a huge step forward for me.. and am very pleased.----------------The 1st one i received looked fantastic. ( It looked far better alongside several other mrf's 37 inch models at Fry's too).. but it would only stay On for 5 seconds to 5 minutes before the screen would blank and POWER ON LED would start blinking.. The Panasonic support rep took 30 minutes to pick up and answer.. but confirmed it was bad after repeating several checks I'd already tried.  Amazon's customer support is great, and sent out a new one the next day and I've had one evening to play with it so far..  A key reason I got it because this 37 inch diagonal screen fits with about an inch to spare within a 36' wide Home theater cabinet. The picture is superb, set up was easy, reloading a new firmware update took about 10 minutes total on a wired CAT 5 connection but it took it fine, Netflix, Picasa, Twitter, etc.. were easy to set up thru the remote.. but i definitely miss the KEY thing all these internet capable TV's seem to lack .. which is a plain and simple Chrome, FireFox Safari or IE browser.. you are locked into their Viera Connect content and that alone REALLY irritates me.. if anyone knows how to get a browser installed and woking on this TV I'd be all ears..  Content from my Cox Set Top box, Apple TV, LG BlueRay and even some picts and videos from a camcorder via USB thumb drive all look great but the USB video's I played said "Incompatible Audio Format" i may need to covert them i guess.. more on that unsolved issue later.. the Digital Audio thru my Sony AV switch and the local speakers sounded great, and the volume is twice what my older Samsung TV would produce.  i use a Logitec Harmony Remote and need to set this TV up on it, and also have been using a 5 way external HDMI Switch and tho it works fine i want to dedicate the 3 or possibly 4 inputs to the HDMI jacks provided and leave the 5 way external HDMI switch for future devices.  I have not tried using the Apple AirPlay or Remote yes and when i tried the DLNA option it could see the two shared drives but not let me see any content in them yet.. likely a setup issue..  Overall I am very happy and will update this review as I learn more about how to solve the issues seen so far..  Hope it Helps.. jimS