Wow! I love my new TV. I got this tv 6 days ago. I can't believe how many people asked if I had to always watch in 3D with the glasses on, NO. I have a hard time reading these bad reviews. This plasma has a beautiful display. If you don't like the display of so called soap opera effect why not tune the settings to your liking? Star Trek in HD looks crystal clear, is that what you people mean by soap opera effect? lol. And everyone I've asked has never heard about plasma tv's buzzing? Weird. It took me one night to get used to the 3D glasses. Your eyes and brain have to do a bit more to take in what you are viewing. The focal point always stays clear. Other pics in the foreground and background might be blurry because of this. What I'm saying is if a car speeds past the foreground you're supposed to see a blurred image. When a car speeds past you in real life and your view is fixed you don't see a crystal image, there is a natural blur effect. Just don't think the display is bad because something that was not the focal point was blurred a bit. I have to point that out because some people are complaining, but they just don't get it. Also, definetly use your plasma for a few days for it to settle in because I noticed more artifacts the first day than a few days later.Anyways, 3D! The best effects of 3D I have seen so far is def the 3d-bluray, monsters vs aliens. I actually gave a lil flinch at the begining of the movie when the guy is playing with a paddle ball, nice! Haven't popped in Cloudy with a Chance yet. The best PS3 3D download of the 4, IMO is Motorstorm. There are smoke particle effects that are really good and that shows the brilliance of the display itself. But 3D really adds nuances that multiply the immersive effects throughout the entire game. Your car and the other AI cars kicking out mud towards the screen as you mash the gas pedal, hitting a ramp and flying toward the transition on the other side of a mountain, and driving through the over-grown brush that happens to be on the dirt path, etc. I can't wait for some full 3D games to come out because these demos must've been made with minimum detail. MLB The Show is just a great game, but I know it could have been a hell of a lot better with max 3D tuning. 3D is most prominent during the pitching/batting sequence. The batter in the box pops, and def the HUD. Stardust HD had very little 3D effect I felt. WipEout HD is a full3D game but I never liked WipEout. But from the demo of it I downloaded, it seems the craft pops from the picture the most. Haven't seen any burn in (Image Retention), after playing.2D to 3D upconversion added a little depth to the view. I had a good time playing Skate3 on it. But let me say I haven't updated my firmware yet. I actually thought 2D to 3D upconvert worked better with standard channels versus HD channels. And I think Sony did a better job with 2d upconvert to 3D because I demoed a Bravia in a Sony Style store. You can't expect too much from this feature with either brand anyway. It adds some depth from the foreground to the background, like the people on the far side of the pitch (field) at the World Cup seemed more distant than in non 3D. The glasses are comfy it really just adds a tint when they are activated. I think 3D shades would be more appropriate.