I've owned this monitor for about a year and half, and overall it's been very enjoyable. It's used as a PC/TV monitor. Why the 2 stars then? Because after about a year a sparkling red pixel appeared and has remained in the lower left half of the screen. As far as I know there is not a remedy for this. This might sound minor but it can be distracting while watching a HD feature within about 10' of the screen. Also for the record, it bothers me, but not the wife. If anyone knows a cure for a pixel fix for a *plasma*, please comment to this review!The other disappointing thing was about 2 weeks ago I stepped out of the room while the TV was running and returned 5 minutes later to find the picture became very grainy and dark. I turned off the TV and turned it back on only to hear a clicking noise as if the TV was trying to turn on, but could not.The good news is that this monitor came with a 2 year warranty. It was quite easy to get a Sony registered tech to come to the house after a quick online search(Within a week). After describing the incident to the tech over the phone, he ordered the parts he felt necessary to repair the panel and we scheduled a appointment once Sony sent him the parts. He replaced some boards in the monitor and it's back up and running as it was. Initially, the sparkling red pixel seemed to disappear after this repair; however, it seemed to re-appear about an hour after he left. It probably never left and just went un-noticed as it only appears during the transmissions of certain colors. From the bit of research I did, it would appear that this is a manufacturing defect of sorts. Also, because only one pixel affected, it's not covered under warranty. In fact, in the instruction booklet it list this as being somewhat normal, specifically red, green, and blue pixels. That is why it's important to make sure that there is a return policy of sorts that won't hurt your wallet when you purchase this monitor.Some other thoughts are a stand or wall mount can easily add another $100-$300 to the price, and you might consider a consumer version of a plasma with a built in HD tuner or speakers. Personally I use this with my cable box tuner and surround sound speakers, and had no need for another version.Using Component, or HDMI with HD programming is simply awesome, while the other inputs(s-video, composite, etc) are disappointing.This monitor has an dvi port which means you needs to buy a dvi to hdmi cable, or buy the optional hdmi input module.The remote looked like it would come with a $30 tv and looks cheaper then most $9 remotes in stores.My first choice at the time was a Panasonic TH-50PH8UK, which seemed to be the way to go after reading countless positive reviews. However it was on backorder just about everywhere for months, and I lost patience and went with this.Shortly after I bought the Sony, I also bought a Panasonic TH-42PH9UK(the next generation of Panasonic) for the bedroom and love it. I love them both, but have always liked the Panny more because it's setup is more user friendly, and it has been more reliable. Also, the Panasonic reads the incoming signal faster and sometimes the Sony takes a while to display the signal from the cable box. The pictures of both are pretty identical, and beat any LCD I've owned or viewed.The last thought is you should have someone home who is capable of lifting the plasma as every unit I've received has been delivered by only one person. It's best to have two people at home capable of lifting though, as it's not the job of the delivery person to carry the plasma for you. However, all the delivery people I've dealt with have helped me get the monitor inside even though curbside is the norm. They even helped unpack it to make sure it wasn't damaged.