I researched for flat panel TV for long time, and I decided to buy the Samsung 4069. I have the TV for a month now.PRO:1. The experience with Amazon is great, I give 5 stars to Amazon customer service and almost 5 stars to TV. The price of the TV droped several times in a month, Amazon customer service was glad to refund the different to me.2. I like the matte screen, and the design of this TV, very stylish.3. I love the USB interface, I am able to view pictures on TV from my USB flash drive.4. Great pictures from the HD channels.5. The SD DTV channels are fine too.6. The SD analog channels appear to be a little darker than HD and Digital channels, but still reasonablely good, better than I initailly thought. This TV is better than other LCD TVs on analog channels. I have my old SONY 27" tube TV next to the Samsung 4069. The SONY looks better in SD. Definitely, tube TV has better picture; the texture, the white color, and the fast scenes are better than LCD TV.  For HD channels, the Samsung LCD TV looks great.7. The touch buttons in the front panel makes the TV very stylish and elegant with a touch of high tech.8. The DVD picture looks very good from the Samsung DVD upconverting player using HDMI connection. Well, depending on the DVD, some of my older DVDs was not able to upconvert as good as the newer ones.9. I took a long time to adjust the color setting, but it is worth the time. The default setting is too bright and the color is too rich.10. The tunner from the TV is great, it is able to detect all the analog, digital and HD channels from my cable without additional set top box.CON:1. The delivery was couple days early. I was not expected. The deliverypeople supposed to call first for setting up a time, but they just came without calling. Fortunately, someone was at home on that day. They came in and just dropped off the box. This supposed to be white glove delivery but they didn't open the box and we didn't have a chance check it out first.2. TV has an odor smell when it turns on.(smell like burning plastic) I hope the smell will go away in time.3. The "enter" button on the remote is far away from the number keys. It is not as convenience when I change channel.4. When I do auto scan for channel, it took 20-25minutes. Some Stations have HD broadcast at certain time. If I did auto scan not in that time frame, the channels would not be detected. I have to go through auto scan again during the HD broadcast period in order for the channel to be appear on the list. Samsung should have an incremental scanning feature. The auto scan is too time consuming(I went through several times) and also the favorite channel setting would be ease when auto scan runs. I have to re-set the favorite channels over and over.5. Not able to display the time in a corner, most tube TVs can. But it has a info button to display channel, time, etc. for few seconds.6. Does not have 2 tunners for PIP, but it has PIP for TV and one of the input source.