I bought this unit from Amazon, not one of the stores on Amazon. Amazon sells great products at great prices.This unit is beautiful, definitely exceeded my expectations.The delivery was on time. No damage.The TV is beautiful, perhaps the most beautiful on the market today. Simple, clean, elegant lines. Very impressive. I was leaning towards a similar product made by Sony. But then the look of the unit, the price, and the better reviews it got won me over. It is piano black (except the screen, of course, which is matte black). I was concerned about reflection but it was not a problem while watching it for several weeks now. Shiny black looks sharp especially when it has smooth, elegantly lines. Straight or hard edges, which this unit does not have, can make shiny black look cheap.Hooked the TV up. Wow. The picture is, of course, beautiful! Not much tuning was needed. Looked great right out of the box. The pictures are so realistic that I kept saying "wow" for at least the first 10 hours of watching. Great color, contrast, brightness, etc. Things just jump at you when you watch a HDTV channel. Samsung certainly has made a great product and Amazon did a good job selling it.By the way, my old TV was 27" Sony. I had concerns too about LCD's contrast ratio and/or brightness compared to the top of line tube/CRT TV. No need to worry. I found this unit to be as good as or far better than the tube/CRT TV in every regard.For those of you who need advice on size and resolution, here are some thoughts. I debated it for a while but I am happy with my decision on this unit. I sit about 12 feet from my TV. I found out that, for a 40 inch TV at this distance, 720p is all you need even though you have 20/20 eye sight, which I do. 1080p would be a waste unless you want to watch it closer than 10-12 feet or you want a bigger screen. You can pretty much calculate what you need using your actual numbers and 720p, 40", and 10-12 feet as baseline. I hope this can be helpful to you.If you do buy this TV, I suggest you try turn on and off the "edge enhancement" feature. When it is on, the picture jumps at you more. However, facial features and hair details look more realistic when it is off.Another thing interesting to mention, which is not the TV's fault, is the HDTV channels. 720p channels look fantastic. 1080i is good with static pictures only. If anything moves, including even the head motion during a person's not-too-energetic speech, motion blur occurs, very annoying. Effectively the motion blur comes and goes all the time no matter what program you are watching, not just sports which I don't watch very offen. This appears worse than it does on the old TV perhaps because the static picture is so good with the new TV. I do not understand why the networks even think about offering HDTV that is interlaced (the i in 1080i means interlaced.) Unfortunately NBC, CBS and public television HDTV channels all use 1080i. ABC and two other local channels in the San Francisco Bay Area use 720p, which was a sensible decision.Good luck finding your perfect TV.