I have always owned LCD tv's and this is my first step into the plasma realm, and what a great step it is! This TV is only $500 more than my 32 inch samsung that it is replacing.Buying on Amazon:I got the TV for a steal, with my 24month 0% financing. It also came with a 3D blue ray player (not all that interested in 3D but having another blue ray player is nice) and a 3D starter kit all for 1,399. The shipping was fast & free, and the TV came in great shape off the truck.-Setup: Was easy to set up and configure. It found all my chanels without much hassle and it hooked up to my wireless network easily.- Burn in: I play video games and haven't had any problems with burn in. I have had some image retention but going into the menu's and running the burn in conditioner (scrolling bars for 10 mins gets rid of that no problem.Side note: Lag is not an issue on this TV - benifit over LCD plus fast moving games look great and not a blur fest-Heat: There is a good amount of heat that comes off the display if you are running the pixels near their max brightness-Sound: The sound from the internal speakers is actually pretty good. Its no 7.1 surround sound (however it does have a virtual surround sound that does an okay job). I was actually pretty impressed by the tiny speakers.-The picture: What a difference this is over my LCD. The picture is beautiful. I can't wait to see what I get out of getting it professionally calibrated! I do like the dynamic setting right now with pixel brightness turned down to 16. 20 is overkill.-Picture settings: So many settings you could play around with it for hours. I however will be getting it professionally calibrated in a week.-3D. I think 3D is a gimmick but I will check it out and update with what I find.The Bad:-The glossy finish: The screen does reflect some light, but its really not that bad except in really dark light with a lamp behind you. The 3D glasses actually reflect light more than the TV! This is why i bought this model is due to the Real Black Filter (helps tone down reflections)-The front panel buttons: If its dark and you haven't memorized where the buttons are... good luck.- very slight buzzing noise: I have to be within inches of the TV to notice it. Really isn't a big deal. I'm gonna try and use the magnet things they include and see if I can get it to disappear.Would I recommend this tv?YES, it really is the best bang for your buck right now in the 50+ inch space.**UPDATE 8/11**I just had the TV professionally calibrated last night. WOW is all I can say. I could of prob got to that setting by playing around with the settings a bunch but it was easier to have him do it. I will tell you though that he set the pixel brightness to 16 ;)I also tried out 3D last night with Megamind. I was actually pretty impressed. It looked a lot better than the 3D I have seen in movie theaters prob due to the fact that it wasn't so dark (downside of polarized 3D) You can adjust how much the picture jumps out at you. I found that if you push it out to much you start to see shadows and the 3D gets messed up. I think its fun but not something I would want to use often.