As a mid-level LCD TV, the KDL55EX500 is simply a stunning bargain for what you get. And despite the fact that it doesn't use LED technology, it's still has excellent picture quality.This is a standard LCD TV. Despite this, it has picture quality that rivals many of its LED competitors. I've found that after visiting several stores that many LED-based sets have restricted viewing angles (often getting washed out easily if you move away from center). Also, if you've ever done research on various tech sites, you would find some people complaining about how their LED TVs have uniformity issues, and/or light-bleed from the edges of the screen. Lastly and most important to me, most of the LED TVs that I liked seemed to have significant input lag. Input lag is a slight delay of the video displayed on the TV. All LCD TVs suffer from at least a small amount of input lag, but it seemed all the LED TVs I liked (mostly Samsungs) had a significant amount of it. (Input lag is not rated on most TVs. But on PC monitors input lag often rated as "latency" and measured in milliseconds or "ms".) And since I like to play Gran Turismo 5 on my PS3 a lot, input lag was a concern for me. My previous TV had a lot of input lag (a Samsung) and it made playing Gran Turismo 5 impossible. I had to resort to playing the game on my PC monitor - it was that bad. (Note: I know a lot of TVs now boast of 120hz, or 240hz motion processing. This does not address input lag. Input lag is a seperate problem.)So after doing a bit of research (reading up on owner's forums of various TVs), I narrowed it down to the KDL55EX500 and the KDL55EX710 - both from Sony. (I really liked the Samsungs, but as I said before, the owners forums swayed me away from them due to quality issues and input lag.) There is about a $700 difference in price of these two TVs because the EX710 series uses the newer LED technology. Seeing them both side-by-side at a local store, it was really hard to see a difference. The EX710 model looked a bit sharper, but the difference was really hard to discern. I couldn't justify paying another $700 for the EX710. Yea, the EX710 is a lot thinner, and consumes less energy, but I don't care about that (gasp!). I just want a good picture for a good price - and the EX500 had both of those things. (When I asked if they had any of the EX500 in stock at that store, the salesman said they did not - which didn't surprise me.)I will admit that the EX500 series does not have the best picture quality I have seen. The best I think are the upper tier Samsungs (UN558000XF is amazing looking when you see it in person). But after owning a Samsung and having it die on me after only 4-years I'll stick with Sony - who seem to have a better quality track record regarding TVs. (I still own a 12-year-old Sony TV that works perfectly). The picture quality on the KDL55EX500 is still nothing to laugh about. It is simply beautiful. It's sharp, vibrant, and bright. My only gripe is that flesh tones on my older Samsung seemed to look better and smoother, not sure why - but it's true. But that's a minor complaint in an otherwise excellent-looking TV.This TV is great with games. I could not discern any sort of input lag at all on standard settings. Sony, however added a "game mode" where it supposedly increases response time from the TV. To be honest, the difference is minute, but I like that it's there. If you're a gamer and want decent response time from your TV with minimal input lag - the KDL55EX500 won't disappoint.