After a few years of seeing friends go HD, and clinging to my aging 32" Sony, an unexpected (both in amount and timing) bonus came in.  My wife & I knew it was time to release ourselves from the shackles of the Cathode Ray Tube and move forward.First, ordering & delivery were great.  I ordered the set on June 3 (a Tuesday) at night, it shipped the next day, and was delivered on Friday, June 6.  Several folks had convinced me that Amazon would take 1-2 weeks to get it here, but 2 days seems pretty good to me.Friday morning began with a trip to Ikea for some of their lovely Besta line.  2 of the 15" shelf benches, stacked vertically, flanked by a pair of the double-wide 75" high shelf units.  Loads of storage, and looked pretty nice too.  But I digress...  Back to the TV.I first noticed the box had a sticker noting that the updated firmware for the now notorious random shutoff issue was already loaded on the set.  Yay, now I didn't need to spend the few minutes to download, put it on a usb stick, etc.  Score 1 for the home team.  The packaging was simply magnificent.  Not sure if it's the norm for such TVs, but I liked the fact that I just had to cut 2 plastic shipping straps, pull out 2 little insert things in the side of the box, and the whole top lifted off.  Out came the TV, off with the protective bag and plastic on the base, and up it went, perched atop our newly constructed Ikea stand.The various connections are well-marked and easy to follow.  I love the fact that it's got 4 HDMI inputs.  I'm already using 2.  One for the connection to our AV receiver (a Yamaha, if anyone cares) that only supports HDMI 1.1 (so no 1080p from it), and another to a Toshiba SD-6100 Upscaling DVD player.  Also connected to the receiver is a DirecTiVo receiver (an SD model) soon to be replaced by a TiVo Series 3 with FiosTV and our Wii.  I ran a calibration wizard DVD, and found that I only needed to adjust the defaults slightly in 1 or 2 places to suit our living room. The defaults were pretty good, but needed slight adjustment for black level and brightness - something that can be largely room-dependent.The TV is very responsive, turning on almost instantly, a welcome change compared with many other HD sets I've seen.  I'm not seeing spotlighting or those funky random patterns that some claim to see on this set either.  I can't speak to the quality of the sound that comes from the TV, since I've turned off the TV speaker (all our audio runs to the receiver).If I could find nits to pick, there would be 2.  The stand and bezel seem to be dust magnets.  Hopefully this will get better as its been installed longer.  This may be due to the complete and utter disruption caused to the immediately surrounding environment. :)  The other is the remote only seems to control Samsung devices.  Not really a concern for us, as I included a Harmony One in the budget for this project.  The remote happily lives below the TV, in a drawer along with the Yamaha receiver's remote and the Toshiba DVD player's remote.  We still occasionally use the TiVo remote, but mostly the Harmony now.Unless you simply must have a Blu-Ray player now, save your pennies, and get an upscaling DVD player for now.  I'm waiting on $200 BR 2.0 players, which I expect to see in Q1 2009.The long & the short of it - a fantastic TV, great picture.  Better at displaying SD content than any other HDTV I've seen to date.  On the fence?  Get off and buy this...