Anyone who has ever seen the picture on a top of the line Hitachi or Pioneer Kuro plasma, or even a top of the line Panasonic LCD, would know this set isn't anywhere close to being top of the line.  That being said, it does look better than the 720P LG that it replaced.  I was surprised that my PS3 recognized the set immediately as being 3D since the PS3 forums have several complaints about other 3D TV brands not being recognized by a PS3.  The passive 3D at this price point is why I purchased this set and it works.  The screen is bright and sharp and there's no doubt it's a 1080P screen.Unfortunately, there are way more negatives than positives with this television.  The feature set is very short.  The menus have the same look and format of software that was used on Panasonic televisions in 1997. It's like stepping back in time not only in look, but in options.  Your choice of color correction is limited to tint control.  There is very little in the way of black level correction either.  If you spend some time adjusting brightness and contrast, you will eventually get an acceptable picture.  I'm sure this panel is used on other brands of televisions and can achieve much better black levels with better software and electronics, but that's why this one is so much cheaper.The worst issues include the absolutely horrible NTSC tuner.  If your cable company is stuck in the dark ages like mine is then some of the channels will still be analog.  On several analog channels the audio would go in and out like the tuner couldn't lock in on the channel frequency. I solved this problem by getting a $10 VCR from the thrift store and use if for it's NTSC tuner and it works great.  That's pretty sorry that an old VCR has a better tuner than this TV.  The other sorry thing is the speakers, you'll need to buy some external ones.  I have a 21 inch Emerson in the office that sounds better than this TV.The final issue is the screen does have quite a bit of light bleed in the lower left hand corner.  You won't notice it in the day time, but it is very visible in a darker room.  This is a fairly common problem on low end televisions and I figured I would see some on this one.I did up my rating by one star after owning this TV for awhile.  Despite it only having a 60khz refresh rate it is amazingly good at reproducing 3D from a PS3.  The PS3 automatically adjusts for 3D content to be displayed on the TV.  This is very good feature and the 3D really comes out at you.  I really like having Zombies disintegrate right in my living room and in another movie snow appeared to be falling on the couch.  It's a shame the studios don't release more 3D content at a reasonable price.  The poor black level (1000-1 contrast), the cheap speakers, and cheap remote are what prevents me from rating this any higher.