The LN46A650 is indeed a beauitul TV, with full HD capability, and amazon offered an unbeatable price. BestBuy, Costco, even Circuit city could not come close to the price Amazon offered. So for starters, you know that the price is a bargain and cant be beat. But what about the Tv itself and how does it compare to other brands and how does it compare to other models within Samsung?Well, during my research, my price budget was actually around 1200, and I was looking towards getting a toshiba of the same size 46" that offered a gaming mode and it seemed to lure me in. But after comparing both TV's, toshiba just wasn't worth it. Yes of course samsung was more money, but you get what you paid for. And since this is an investment that you will enjoy over the years to come, you don't want to go cheap but you do want to have somewhat of a flexible budget. I spent 300-400 more in order to get the 46A650 which offered just simply much more. 50,000 contrast ratio, 120Hz, a beautiful viewing angle from literally any side of the room. Its just a fantastic tv. After going to circuit city, best buy to see the tv in person, I was convinced from the start that this is the tv I wanted. I just couldn't settle for anything less knowing there was so much to offer in the samsung ln46A650. the touch of red is pretty nice and it goes well with our carpetting as well as wall.After your convinced that samsung is the way to go, now you have to decide between the A650, A550, and A750.The 550 has a lower contrast ratio and the price difference was not much and the A750 was 300 dollars more, but you don't get much in return. If you check amazon, amazon lists the difference between the up/down graded models and you see the list of differences. Stick with A650 and you should be pleased with your choice.Now I didn't even consider Sony, it was just too much and I didn't like the looks of the TV itself. Seemed to bulky. The Samsung has a much more sleeker look and so even when people are over, they will notice the beauty of it whether the tv is on or off. And like I said..i love the touch of red...it is a nice touch.Now why did I get this tv? Two things: 1-PS3 (games and blue ray movies), and 2-Sports.This is where you really want a tv that can show itself in 120Hz. I only use it for sports and games. If you use it for movies, it looks way to real in the sense that its like they are making a movie and you are watching it outside your back door window. Almost gives you a 3d image that is just too awkward for me to watch and enjoy. So maybe if you don't play games or watch sports, then having a tv with 120Hz is not really that big of a deal (at least to me). You can probably settle for the A550 which I believe doesn't have 120Hz, only 60Hz.Anyhow I hope this helps, and you cant go wrong with Amazon's deals and free shipping.Don't worry, when they ship you your tv, they don't just leave it on your front porch, there is an exclusive shipping company that contacts you for a good day that they can come and deliver it and they will leave only with a signature.