I did a fair amount of research before deciding on this television. I was looking for an upgrade to my 4 year, 32 inch Sharp LCD. I own both an XBOX 360 and PS3 which get allot of use. My wife and I also watch a few TV shows and if nothing else is going on I usually have it tuned to one of the HD channels as I do other things. In other words, it's on all the time and actively used quite frequently.Pros - I went with the 59 inch which is almost twice the size of my previous TV. The picture is crystal clear and vibrant. So far I've been playing Halo 4 and Skyrim and they look fantastic. My HD channels also come in beautifully. Being a SMART TV it comes with an impressive set of features. Honestly I'll probably not use most of them since my PC is in the same room but I enjoy having them. I was also impressed with the built in audio although I do have a surround sound system so I won't be using that much, if at all.Cons - The buzzing! I knew from my research that plasma's can buzz and that this model was no different. However, some people claimed their set was dead quiet while others said they could only hear it if way up close. I figured this wasn't going to be an issue. When I first set it up I heard no buzzing and thought I had struck gold. Turns out that while plugging it in and messing with the settings I hadn't had a chance to sit down in front of it and when I did was I in for a surprise. The TV is not hung on the wall yet (will be once the basement is finished) so it stands at eye level of anyone sitting on the couch. The buzzing you can hear is quite loud and distracting. It's very directional and seems to shoot out straight from the middle of the screen from end to end. If you stand up or move your head down 12-15 inches the buzzing stops completely. Same deal if you move to either side past the frame. It was so bad I had to find a solution so I propped the TV up about 20 inches with a sturdy plastic bin filled with stacked books for extra support. Now my wife and I can sit on the couch and not be assaulted by the terrible buzzing. When this gets moved to the basement it will be hung on the wall at around the same height so it should not be an issue then either.In conclusion, if it weren't for the buzzing I would have easily given this 5 stars. Even knowing about it beforehand I was caught off guard by how bad it was. I considered returning it and going for one of their LED models but sending this back would be such a huge hassle and with my most recent set up the buzzing isn't a problem anymore. If you are are considering this model I suggest making sure the bottom of the TV is set to eye level to avoid any buzzing. If this is not an option I would look into LCD/LED.Update 12/7/12After going through some of the trouble shooting tips listed on the Samsung website I've come to the conclusion that the buzzing is way louder then it should be. I have opened a service request and should have someone down on 12/12 to take a look at it.Update 12/26/12Technician came to the house, did some measurements and sent them to Samsung for analysis. Instead of being contacted I had to call back which was somewhat irritating. Then I was told Samsung deemed the buzzing to be within specification. So a buzzing sound that is so loud it prevents anyone from comfortably sitting in front of the set is normal. I find this absurd. As such I will change my rating from 4 to 3 stars and simply cannot recommend this TV to anyone. I'll never buy another plasma again. LCD/LED is what I'll be sticking with from now on.