I spent a lot of time researching the various different 55-65" tv options and ultimately decided on getting a 59 or 65" samsung d8000 plasma since I wanted "top of the line" and thought the panasonic vt30 was just too overpriced. Then I found this tv. Given it was significantly cheaper than the d7000/d8000 series I wanted to know what the difference was assuming it was something fairly signficant. As it turned out the only real difference of note being the lack of ARC (compared to d8000) and the real black filter (compared to d7000/8000) and a slightly different bezel + stand. Other than that, its the same panel and actually uses the same firmware as the d7000. While I'd have liked an ARC, it wasn't worth anything close to the roughly $500 difference. The limited information on the real black filter suggested it didn't do much, so that sold me on this unit. It doesn't come in 65" so 59" it was. I figured I could always send it back for free if purchased through amazon.Picture is amazing after using some of the calibration settings posted in various places on the internet. The difference coming from a four year old 46" Sharp LCD (which I previously really liked the picture on) is obvious and noticable. Blacks are *black*... its hard to appreciate what a difference this makes until you actually experience it. SD programming doesn't look bad for a set this size, but when you see how good HD looks on it, its hard to justify watching anything else. True 1080p material really looks ridiculously good. "Brightness pop" issue that many complain about was fixed via a firmware update in Jan 2012 so that's no longer an issue if you are worried about that. Its not "officially" released yet so you'll need to get it off a website like AVS or by calling samsung, but its pretty easy to do and I imagine will be part of an official update eventually. There is a little glare which i only really notice if there is a light source directly opposite the tv, but the TV is plenty watchable during daylight hours in our fairly bright living room. Although it does not have the "real black filter," there is some antiglare coating on it.The TV itself looks good with the picture off. The casing and bezel are attractive and thin. The tv isn't as thin as the samsung LEDs and the bezel is wider, but its still thin compared to most other tvs. The stand is pretty solid and heavy, the base on mine was actually a brushed silver metal rather than black like I was expecting. There is a little buzzing if you sit in the right (or probably more accurately "wrong") place with the sound off, but its nothing distracting from actual tv watching unless you like to watch tv with no sound...Sound is very good for a flat screen tv, several settings including a dialogue enhancement option. I had bought a sony soundbar (ht 150) too which sounds slightly better, but honestly I think its going back since the tv is good enough.Wireless internet connected without much trouble. The reception seems pretty good, some devices have trouble finding the wireless signal in our living room as the signal strength gets pretty low there, but the tv did okay. Just wish it included amazon instant which is really the only service I'd actually use that I can't get on another device I already have, but unfortunately none of the 2011 samsungs do. I read a few places that amazon was working with samsung to add it, but that was written many months ago now with no updates so I'm not holding my breath.Did not test 3d yet, it didn't come with glasses and haven't gotten to purchase any yet. Fortunately, samsung has some cheap glasses that are well reviewed and only about $20/each on amazon.edit: Bought 2 pairs of the $20 glasses on amazon. The 3D works great. The 2D to 3D conversion is far better than expected, but I still can't see myself using it regularly.