I got this TV recently and couldn't find that much on the internet about it in terms of reviews, so I want to share my experience. I had previously owned a 720p LG and bought the Samsung LN46A550 because of a great deal and great reviews. Once I got the Samsung I was happy, but when I spend over a grand on something I need to be ecstatic. So... since I was in the window to take the TV back, I did some research. I came to where there were two TVs in my price range that I was interested in, the Samsung LN46A650 and this TV. I went with this TV because the Samsung seemed to have more issues based on online posts (AVS Forums) and the picture looked a bit better to me in the store. So... here is my review:Setup: I had heard that with this TV you have to attach the stand, but you don't. Its with the smaller models I believe, but this one is was new out of the box and the stand was attached. It was as easy as it should be (instructions are included on how to detach the stand).Look: It has a really classy look. There is a dim light that's red when its off and blue when it's on in the bottom right of the frame, but you can turn it off if you don't like it (I like it). There is red on the trim, but I haven't noticed it since I set it up. I really like that the input/channel/vol buttons are basically touch sensitive.Audio: What you would expect from an LCD. Not that great, but not bad. In my opinion you shouldn't be using the TVs sound if you're going to spend this much on a TV unless you have to... but that's my opinion. I've got mine running through my 5.1.Picture: WOW! HD looks stunning! The contrast compared to the Samsung 550 series is incredible. Blu-Ray is absolutely beautiful. If you like things simple, you can just use one of their many preset options. Plus, the TV does pretty well with the intellisensor. However, if you are a complete videophile, you can calibrate it with the expert setting and control many things (search for this model in the AVS Forum and you can get different people's calibration settings to try if you want to go more in depth). I'm not totally into the Trumotion (its good with sports and a few movies), but turning it off is easy enough. I will tell you though, when you watch true HD content (not just stuff on the HD channels, but the stuff recorded for the HD channels... usually the newer stuff), the picture is hard to beat. The blacks are about 9/10 (compared to other HDTVs), but the colors are 10/10... easy. Standard-def looks about the same as the 550, but not bad enough to make me like this TV any less.CONS: (because everything has them)1. The remote is horrid. If you're going to sell such a great item... spend some time on the remote! However, it doesn't matter to me because I use the Harmony universal remote. Don't have one? Check them out... mine is a cheaper one and I could never ever go back. I can't imagine what he expensive ones are like.2. This isn't much of a con for me, but it would be for some; when you change inputs it takes about 2-3 seconds to come up to that input and another second for the sound.3. The side inputs aren't 100% on the side. They are a bit further back than most TVs have them. However, not too big a deal if you ask me.4. You have to enter settings to turn on/off Trumotion. As I said, there are a few things that it works great with... wish the remote could turn it on/off so I could program my Harmony to do it.That's it... all my cons...I strongly recommend the 47LG70 vs the Samsung A550 or A650 series... well I just recommend it overall. I mean, even the settings menu is pretty. Plus, my last LG shows me that this brand is reliable. It kept going and going and never died... not even after several years and many moves (I'm in the Navy and move a lot). If you have questions check out AVS Forums and search for this TV. It's free and someone on there will answer your question. Go on... buy it already!