The picture quality, colors, contrast and clarity of this television is nothing short of jaw dropping; just amazing really, especially since we upgraded from a 15 year old CRT-TV. It took us a while to get the thing set up, entering account info and registering for the various services but connecting to my wireless network was relatively simple and the TV downloaded an important update right after initial connection was made. Pairing the remote required that I hold the remote pretty close to the hot spot on the lower right corner of the TV but once paired, it worked flawlessly. My Time Warner cable remote however, still is not properly synched and connected to my new Samsung components so I may need to call Time Warner on this; the synch codes I used and the auto synch process did not fully work.Netflix is not what it used to be; the service seems to have only older movies and not the 'just released' films. This, along with nearly intolerable rebuffering pauses and an annoying black flash blip which happens every 3 mins or so makes me wonder if Netflix is really worth the subscription fee anymore. I ordered a new Apple Airport Extreme to upgrade to the new dual band technology so I am hoping that this fixes this rebuffering and drop out problems otherwise it is not likely that I will go past the free trial of Netflix. Blu-rays and DVDs look fantastic on this TV played on my new Samsung BD-D5500. The TV automatically connects to the Blu-Ray and switches ports when you turn it on. Cool.You need to play with the settings on the TV before you know what you like in terms of picture and sound. I was very impressed with the built-in sound of this TV, clearly upgraded over previous models, but I picked up an audio Y-cable and connected the TV directly to my stereo receiver's tape deck 'in' port and now when I activate the receiver's 'Tape' button, I get crystal clear stereo sound to go with my amazing picture. Even though this system supports surround sound 5.1 I am not missing it. The 3D features of this TV are mind-blowing but it does give you a headache after a while; you can sense the flicker of the battery powered glasses. Not all 3D discs are equal, some are a let-down and despite the hype, you likely won't end up watching 3D programming very often. The 3D starter kit comes with 2 pair of glasses and there's a coupon to get two more pair for free by mail so at least it's not too expensive for everyone to get the taste of 3D when they want it. The 2D picture though is beyond incredible. The bezel is unbelievably thin and the TV itself is very very thin and relatively lightweight. Stand is heavy and stable; ports are clearly marked but there is very little room to plug in the HDMI cables at back, especially since the pro cable I got for the Blu-Ray has a magnetic shield barrel on the cable and this presses against the back of the TV and seems to slightly bend the port so it is better to use HDMI cables that lay flat.The Samsung apps work pretty well but they are clearly still young and need development. I spent nearly two years researching TVs and am very happy I got this Smart-TV model. Dynamic LED backlighting was a key feature for me, there is absolutely no flashlighting or ghosting, blacks are deep and solid. This is surely one of the best TVs out there right now and I would whole-heartedly recommend it.