As the title says, this is my first HDTV purchase. The point of this review is that I am extremely pleased in my purchase.I was thinking about getting a TV for a long time, but with all things technology, prices and specifications changed nearly daily with no real consistencies. However, Halo 3 was due to release soon and I knew I would buy it, so I had to sit down and plot which TV would be best for Halo 3 and my new Xbox.The first thing I thought about was size. I am in a dorm room so over 40 inches would be a waste of money and would hamper my experience. Originally I had thought about getting a monitor and then hooking up the xbox through VGA but decided against it as I might actually want to watch TV (plus my computer would hardly use the monitor as it's pretty old). Then I looked at 23-26" TVs. The samsung 23" looked pretty good but unless it was right in front of me, it might be too small. The 26" looked like it was having some problems and it wasn't until I saw this 32" under "Also purchased" that I began taking seriously the thought of a larger TV.In many respects this TV had more than I was looking for. I am not a big audio/visual nut so I had no use for HDMI or tons of components but they seemed like a nice thing to have, so it wasn't a disadvantage. I also wondered the size would be too big with too much pixelation of an image. I knew it was 720p but everyone always talks about 1080p and that's the only thing to get. However, it wasn't until I actually purchased it that I realized that most HD TV shows air at 1080i so 1080p would have to stretch that image. I didn't think it would be worth the additional 300 bucks or so for 1080p.I decided on this TV because it had a great style and no problems. Plus the price is coming down. The problem is that this took nearly 2 weeks to get to me which was more than frustrating. I don't think it was Amazon's fault as they sent it out pretty quick but the shipping company itself is probably to blame.The TV is fantastic. There really is no comparison if this is your first HDTV. The slim dimension of the TV made my TV at home look like Michael Moore (eating a burrito). Channel through standard definition channels is quick and responsive but it takes a second or two to switch to higher definition. I never really thought they would look good (thought it would be overrated) but the difference between HD channels and regular is apparent. The nicest part about switching channels is that as you switch to a channel the TV will list what that channel's resolution is. So for NBC HD, it will say the channel name and say 1080i under it. Great to know that you're watching HD, even though you will know immediately.And yes, Halo 3 and all other games look amazing on it. The sound isn't bad at all either.The problem I have is this tearing issue. Don't read ahead if you're like me and once sometimes tells you something is wrong, you find it. I first saw this when you go into the xbox 360 dashboard and shut it off. I think the image comes up so quick that you can see it tear across the screen. It's like a part of the screen is being blurred. I thought this was the Tearing issue that there is a firmware update for so called Samsung to get the update. MAJOR problems with that. First they tell me they send me the update in email but I never get it. I call them back and they say they're going to send it again. I call back after that and they tell me that my version number is wrong. Huh? They then send me a tech (who doesn't show up the first day). He shows up a day later and tells me my firmware is already up to date. He was a nice guy thought so I can't descredit him.So it turns out that this issue can't be fixed. I can now see this whenever something fast is happening on screen. You can't really see it if you are playing a game, but you can see it in videos sometimes. Maybe I am just looking for problems and am making too big a deal out of it because I want my TV to be perfect? I don't know. It's still a great TV. Now I just need to set up the color and stuff still. I'm so bad at that.Anyways! It's a great TV and if this is your first, you certainly won't regret it.