We ordered this TV in September of 2010, it was delivered in October and we had it professionally installed a couple of weeks later.  Amazon's service, the delivery, the professional installation (we found the local installer through Amazon, as well), all were topnotch and had I written this review at that time, I would have given it 5+ stars.  We were so happy.  Picture quality was tremendous.  While we didn't watch 3D as much as we expected to, the 3D effects were awesome.  All in all, we thought we had the mother of all TVs.  My husband, a huge sports fan, was in Sports Heaven.  We often marveled at the unbelievable picture quality.  We had none of those buzzing sounds mentioned by some of the other reviewers here.  We had no issues whatsoever.  It was by far the best TV either of us had ever owned and we've owned a few in our lifetime.But then, last Sunday, while watching football, the TV all of a sudden simply turned itself off.  In the middle of the game!  Just like that.  No warning, nothing.  We never had any issues that would let us know that something was up with our set.  It was a beautiful day, so there was no lightning anywhere near.  No power surge.  No reason whatsoever why it would turn itself off and it simply wouldn't come back on.  When you clicked it back on, it would make that sound it makes right before you see the screen come to live, but nothing would appear on the screen, and then it would turn itself off again.Since the TV had been perfect up to this very second, we figured it had to be something minor.  After all, it's only a little over a year old.  Surely this was nothing major!We had three different TV repair experts come to our house to take a look.  At one time, after carefully testing all the boards, it looked like the problem might be with one of those boards, so a new one was ordered and installed a couple of days later.  But that did not work.  Additional careful testing finally indicated that the problem was with the whole system.  Apparently, they have seen a lot of these same issues pop up lately... and they were all Samsung Plasma TVs like ours, bought within the last couple of years!!  In fact, one of the repairmen informed us that we were his THIRD customer this week alone who had to be told that their less than two-year-old Samsung Plasma TV was now a piece of junk and would have to be tossed, as repairing it would cost more than buying a new one!We didn't buy an additional warranty and Amazon pretty much told us, "Sorry, but there is nothing we can do about this."  It's out of warranty.  Amazon suggested we contact Samsung anyway, and that if we didn't get anywhere with their Customer Service people, to report back and let us know what they said.  Yes, we will call Samsung tomorrow, but I have a feeling their response will be much the same, "So sorry.  It's out of warranty, so there's nothing we can offer."  If they do replace the set anyway or fix it at their cost, I will definitely report back and let you know!!  Not holding my breath though.So, if you decide that you want this mother of all TVs, be sure you get the extra warranty, because chances are great that you will need it!  If you're one of those people who replace their TV every year anyway, this one should (hopefully) last you a year.UPDATE Feb 12, 2012:  After three different technicians informed us that our TV was "toast" and that it would be too costly to repair (as warranty had recently expired), and before taking it to the trash, my husband decided to give Samsung a call.  He talked to several people and insisted that he be transferred to the top person in charge of customer relations.  After explaining what had happened and mentioning that I'd done some research and found a class-action suit against Samsung in California for their faulty boards, and that Samsung obviously knew that they were having problems with their boards, they finally agreed to fix ours free of charge (even though it was out of warranty).  Samsung handled our problem in an extremely professional and courteous fashion.  We just hung the repaired plasma back up on the wall and it's working again beautifully and the picture quality is perfect.  In light of this development and Samsung's great customer service, I've upgraded my rating to three stars.  It's a great TV, but it really should have lasted longer.  If my husband hadn't been so persistent, it would now be sitting in some "Plasma TV Recycling" bin somewhere.  I'm sure there are lots of customers who would have given up when told that since the TV is out a warranty, there's nothing that can be done.  Apparently, Samsung has redesigned its boards a couple of times since we bought our TV in September of 2010 and so hopefully the sets delivered today come with the newly redesigned, better boards and will last longer than ours did.  Here's hoping that our repaired TV will now last for years to come, as well.  Wish us luck!