In purchasing this TV, I had in mind that I would use this for all of my multimedia needs--using it as a PC display, my 360 display, and as a regular HD cable TV display. Simply put, this TV met every one of these challenges.First up on my agenda was hooking up the PC. I hooked this up via a DVI to HDMI adapter. My PC recognized it immediately and I quickly had my PC looking as vivid as ever on this Samsung.  However, I did have some driver issues in attempting to set a resolution of 1920x1080, but after a few tweaks, I had it running flawlessly. My only complaint is that 1920 resolution is kind of hard on the eyes from a distance--more pronounced during web browsing and text reading. I do, however, always use 1920 res for gaming as it looks quite marvelous and requires little to no squinting for text reading (many games such as WoW allow you to increase the font size anyway)! I tested Half-Life 2, Quake 4, World of Warcraft, and a multitude of other games. In a word, it was simply breathtaking. It took a while to calibrate the display accordingly, but I eventually found a sweet spot for it. This TV will surely provide bragging rights if any of your gaming friends decide to hop on over to your place.The 360, like the PC, looked wonderful. My connection was through an HDMI cable provided in the X-box 360 Elite. Games looked crisp and colorful, and the blacks were quite impressive for an LCD. Movies through the Xbox Live Marketplace were truly a sight to behold as well. Why bother with HD-DVD and Blu-ray when you got great HD movies right here?! Unfortunately, I do not possess any pure native 1080p games, but i'll be sure to test them out soon enough.After I was done with the 360, it was finally time for regular HD cable TV. It was amazing to be sure. Again, calibration took some time, as you can't use the same PC/360 calibrations as you do with regular HD movies. I made sure to take a brief look at the AVSforums for some recommended calibrations--make sure you do the same too! As for cable channels, my only complaint is that Comcast doesn't carry enough HD channels! I don't know the reasoning behind the hold up for television stations not making the HD jump yet. It's almost heartache to try to watch SD channels after watching a few HD Sopranos episodes or some HBO/Showtime HD movies. So in that sense, the only flaw of this TV is that SD pretty much sucks, and it needs to pass away as soon as possible. The HD programming, otherwise, was top notch, and looked sharper than ever on this Samsung display. It's almost scary to imagine what 1080p is like in comparison with 720p--although, the difference is sure to be more pronounced with larger displays than this 40 inch one.As for the general features of this TV, they are clean and simple enough for the general layman to understand. The TV menu offers simple calibration settings which can be furthered by some advanced calibration settings--again, I would try to test out some of the calibration settings provided by the AVSforums. The audio and video hook ups were rather plain, but the bare essentials are obviously there. The most appealing aspect of the AV hook ups is that this Samsung monitor provides 3 HDMI inputs--for the techies out there with multiple HDMI devices, this is a wonderful treat. The frame of this TV is quite clean and while it can reflect light, my TV is placed in a certain angle to avoid any reflections what so ever. The onboard sound of this Samsung is mediocre at best--but, hey, what internal sound is ever good? If you're buying a nice TV like this, then you're most likely buying a nice home theater set up as well. So make sure to pick one up!Ultimately, this TV is a must purchase. I was skeptical after viewing multiple HDTV's at Circuit City, Best Buy, and Tweeter. In fact, the one Best Buy model was constantly having drop outs (a somewhat minor but known issue). As such, I was quite hesitant and was leaning more towards the TV next to it, the 40 inch Sony XBR, whose quality was more of the same, except without the drop outs. Additionally, I was debating between the 4065f instead of the 4061f, as the former provided 'better' technical specs, and more specifically, an emphasis on contrast ratio and impressive blacks. However, after purchasing this TV and evaluating it for quite a while, I can honestly say it is generally without flaws. If you find yourself teetering on the border of purchasing either this, the Sony, or the LNT4065f, go with this. I can't imagine justifying a 200 dollar increase for a reflective screen, and 'technical' stats (contrast ratio) that can barely improve on what already exists on this TV. As for the Sony, well, we all know the ridiculous dollar increases with that brand. This TV wins hands down.