I eagerly awaited the delivery of this bad boy, and can not be more pleased with it. Currently I have a standard def DVD player, Comcast HD cable box, and an Apple Mac Mini connected to it. I'll give you a run-down on how each fares:Standard DVD:The picture looks great, and even though not HD it does not pixellate or blur as much as I'd thought it would. It is noticable that you are not getting a truly HD picture, but not enough to make me want to go out and immediately get an up-converting player.Comcast HD box:The standard channels look so-so, depending on the network and the time of day (prime-time channels are given more attention than off-peak), and HD channels simply scream with life. Discovery HD is amazing! The color balance is wonderful, and the blacks are astounding. It has "living black" as I like to call it, whereas many flat-panels have dull, flat blacks that wash out the picture. I am told that this is because some TVs display black as an inactive pixel (or something of that nature), whereas higher end TVs actually render the color black. My girlfriend's mother said that it was amazing because there was actually DEPTH to the picture. The amount of shows and networks broadcasting in HD on Comcast is a bit low for my liking, but that will change soon enough.I had tried connecting the cable directly to the TV, but since we get digital cable, the higher channels just showed up as 100.5 100.7 etc. Not exactly an easy way to tell which channel you're watching.Apple Mac Mini computer:I had some issues getting the picture to come up. The TV just kept telling me that there was no compatible signal. Since I had no other monitor I had to enable the text-to-speech feature and feel my way to the picture settings in the control panel. When I turned off the "TV overscan" setting, bam, signal. The picture looks good enough, but not as good as i'd hoped. Maybe the Mac Mini just doesn't have the cahones to push that great of a picture to a monitor this big. One other downside is that the picture does not fill the whole screen, but rather leaves about a 3/4 inch of black all around, which reduces my visible image to about 29" in the end. Still huge, but I'd rather have the whole she-bang. I am told Apple TVs fare a lot better in this department, but I want to do more than they offer.*EDIT* I cured the overscan issue and got the full screen real-estate of the Mac Mini by using a program called DisplayConfigX (12 bucks) which lets you set a custom screen resolution. I recommend setting it to 720 and working from there. The 1080i resolution makes everything so small that it ends up being pretty much useless. I also puchased a Wii controller, "wireless" wii bar, and a bluetooth dongle and with a program called RemoteBuddy you can use the Wiimote as a media center remote, though I've still got to iron out some kinks, like clicking stuff (the wiimote isn't steady enough to click without it registering as a click-and-drag).All in all, I love the set. I love it so much I had the 42" model purchased for our lounge area at work, and that one works just as well. I compared similar size competitor's sets at the local big-box store, and most were easily inferior to this set, with the exception of the larger Samsung models that support 1080p (I like the look of the Samsung models more, but sadly they don't make a 32" model that has 1080p), and I am told that Sony brand sets are superior to these, but come at a premium I wasn't prepared to shell out.