For the first year, Toshiba has badged all of its LCD HDTV models as "Regza" which stands for Real Expression Guaranteed by amaZing Architecture.  And amazing architecture is what you first notice when you get this 42" 1080p LCD HDTV home.  The piano black finish is currently in vogue with high end electronics manufacturers, but upon close inspection the black is actually covered with metallic flakes that give it a deep luster and shine.  The soundstrip speaker with SRS Wow technology and formidable bass reproduction is recessed neatly along with an accompanying  brushed stainless steel strip along the bottom.  The TV is solidly connected to a swiveling base which extends several inches in front of the stand in a large crescent shape to lend stability to the set when it is placed on a tabletop or shelf.  The inputs are neatly recessed in the back facing downward for ease of access if and when the set is mounted on the wall.  All in all, when turned off, this TV serves as a cosmetically appealing centerpiece to a living room or den.Be prepared: when connected to SDTV (or basic terrestrial cable), the channels appear grainy and washed out.  This is because HDTV's all display SDTV fairly poorly; they are equipped to handle much higher resolution sources.  So, when connected to a 480i source such as SDTV cable, the picture is poor compared to a CRT TV, whose native resolution is 480 lines of resolution.  Prepare, when upgrading to any 1080p set, to purchase a cable or DrectTV package with HD channel programming.  If you're hesitant to upgrade to HD broadcasting, probably put off the purchase of any HDTV capable of displaying 1080p, and either buy a larger CRT TV or an HDTV only capable of handling 720p.Toshiba REGZA LCD TV's incorporate what is called CineSpeed into their panels.  This essentially means the set employs an 8 milisecond or faster response time for refreshing the image displayed on the screen.  For fast moving situations like sports, or high contrast movies with action packed sequences, this feature is invaluable.  All previous ghosting associated with LCD TV's has been eliminated, and even bright white objects moving across a dark background look smooth, true to their color, and leave no trail.  DynaLight dynamic back light control makes the black truly black, and the whites vivid (almost comparable to plasma TV's with 10,000:1 contrast ratios).  Other features unique to this Toshiba Regza TV are ColorBurst wide color gamut and PixelPure 3G 14-bit internal digital video processing.  These options, together, make the picture displayed from 1080 p sources unbelievably clear and flawlessly reproduced without overscanning.In response to a review posted for this TV, VGA is a virtually obsolete connection.  Most high end computers use either DVI (which is also mediocre) and higher quality media center PC's with Windows Vista premium use an HDMI compatible graphics processing unit with an HD rated display.  Few TV's allow a 1080p source from a VGA connection.  XBox 360's downfall was not using HDMI compatible hardware - this is additionally where the Playstation 3 far exceeds the XBox 360 in terms of hardware with built in blu-ray that incidentally looks outstanding in 1080p with this TV, but also using HDMI as a connection method.  This set is comparable in terms of response time and dynamic contrast ratio to the higher priced LG 42" 1080p model, and beats it in terms of picture tweaking options.  The Sharp 42" Aquos 1080p HDTV has a horrible (1,200:1) contrast ratio and is almost not worth purchasing unless you plan on sitting directly in front of the TV.  Also, if you plan to sit 2 inches in front of your TV, you probably aren't intelligent enough to own one - the difference between 720p/1080i and 1080p is only noticeable based on how close you are sitting to the television and 2 inches would be close enough to notice jagged edges in even ultra XHD or cinema digital which displays beyond 1080p.  Close enough, all smooth lines look jagged and that is the nature of the pixel - pixels are square, therefore all curved lines are composed of a series of straight edges.Also, LG's comparable 42" 1080p HDTV is less than 100 dollars more expensive than this Toshiba, and for the record, LG is only in its second generation of LCD TV's whereas Toshiba is in its 3rd generation (this is the first year for the Regza badge).If you're upset about the component inputs and the VGA not handling a full 1080p signal, buy a 1080p upconverting DVD player (under 100 dollars now) with an HDMI output (I suggest Samsung's DVD1080P7 which has an optical out if you want to hook up to a home theater system).  This TV has 3 HDMI inputs and can more than handle all your AV needs.  In all, this Toshiba model outdoes Sony's XBR Bravia, Sharp's Aquos, LG, and Samsung models.  The dynamic contrast ratio, coupled with the Pixel Pure 14bit processing power produces a sharp, clear picture with unbelievable smoothness, clarity, and vivid realistic color reproduction.  In addition, this is one of the only TV's in the under $2,000 range that includes a remote that can be used as a practical universal remote.  Some techies love their fancy touchscreen universal remotes a la Logitech Harmony 1000, but this remote is solid, has great range, and is a fitting match to the solid TV it is paired with.  Not at all the cheap hunk of plastic you get with the current Sharp LCD TV's on the market.The price of this TV, which encompasses a design quality shared with $3500 Toshiba Regza sets, unique Toshiba features like CineSpeed and Colorburst,  1080p native resolution, and 3 HDMI inputs make it the best value under $2,000 and comparable to much more expensive sets.  Whether an audiophile or just someone looking for a great affordable LCD HDTV, this set delivers.