I bought this to replace our 10 year old 32" TV. This is the first flat screen TV in our house. I wanted a TV with WiFi built in so I wouldn't have to buy a separate piece of equipment to provide that function. I checked Consumer Reports and read the reviews here and elsewhere. This looked like a good buy and I got free shipping and no sales tax plus 30 days no cost return. I decided that if I didn't love this TV for any reason it was going back in the box and out the door. I kept it.It was well packaged and easy to unpack and set up. All I had to do was attach the base to the bottom so the TV would sit on a shelf. The WiFi set up was a breeze in spite of what other reviewers had to say. I hooked up to my existing home theater without any problems. Then I got Netflix streaming all set up and was watching something on Netflix the same evening.Other reviews complained about the remote being difficult or temperamental. I have had no problems with the remote. Due to other reviews I almost upgraded my purchase to the unit with the bluetooth remote. I decided to stick to my guns and go cheap. Glad I did. Now that I have this TV and remote I realize that what probably bothers some users is that there is no keypad on this remote and the bluetooth unit is like a slide phone with a full keypad. The only place where I need a keypad is when searching Netflix. The Netflix app has a hunt and peck kind of thing for spelling out titles - slow but it works fine. If I really want to browse on Netflix, I go to the computer.By the way, the apps that come with the TV are very glitchy. If you are making a buying decision based on the included apps you will be disappointed. For instance, If I run the Pandora app it may play one or two songs then it locks up every time. I was just curious about it but I gave up on it. I didn't call anyone about it because I don't care.We think the video is great on this TV. It is a 60Hz model but we haven't really noticed much blur. I read that the difference between 60 Hz and 120 Hz is hardly noticeable by most poeple - I have to agree. I chose not to pay more for a 120 Hz or more. The sound is better than expected. I like watching most stuff with just the TV's speakers. Of course, if I want better sound (like when watching a concert) I turn on the home theater system. Incidentally, I didn't want to have to turn the TV sound on and off for certain programs so I just leave the TV sound on when using the home theater. This works just fine and I am not having to mess with the TV settings.Great TV. Works perfectly. I am very happy with the purchase.