Please note that I bought this TV from another online retailer. Anyway, I had a Toshiba 42" LCD (REGZA 42RV530U) for the last 3 years and I thought it will be a nice upgrade to a 55" LED, 240Hz and 3D. For this price there was nothing in the market and since I have had pretty good experience with the earlier Toshiba I went for this TV. What a mistake! We've had this TV for nearly 2 months now and I've sent it back to Toshiba for repair. Immediately after the TV arrived I noticed that there was way too much pixelation while watching cable channels. I tried Netflix and DVDs and the same thing happens. Watching sports on this TV is so awful and every time the ball goes up the air all you see is a bunch of pixels. Same goes with pretty much anything whenever there is motion. So much for the 240Hz! The earlier TV had only 60Hz and I always enjoyed watching sports on it. The backlighting was also pretty bad and there were white sports all over the screen. The earlier Toshiba also had some bleeding, but it was limited to the corners and never really bothered me unless it was a mainly black/dark screen. But this one has multiple patches all over the screen and its very visible while changing channels or inputs and makes your TV looks very cheap. I also updated the original firmware that came with the TV, still no improvement.Regarding 3D, there is a button on the remote which you can use to convert regular 2D programming into 3D. It works okay, but I don't think people will really use it all that much. Since its a passive 3D TV you can use your regular movie theater glasses (Real 3D) and no need to buy expensive glasses. The TV comes with four of those. For the regular 3D picture quality I can't comment on it yet as I'm only in the process of getting the new 3D Bluray player.The sound is not great, but I wouldn't list this as a complaint as a 55" thin LED TV with hidden speakers should be used with a home theater system.Pros ------Looks very nice (when switched off!)Very thinMatt finish screen (I like this better than glossy ones, but its a personal preference)Lots of inputs/ports etc (4 HDMI, 1 optical audio out, 1 SVGA etc).Nice remote with backlit buttonsPicture clarity is good when there is no pixelation/backlighting (which happens all the time)Built in wi-fi (though app selection is limited and interface is poorly designed)Good cable/wire management setup on the back panelCons ------Picture quality is horrendous. So much pixelation and backlight bleedingTakes forever to start once you switch it onDoesn't remember the settings always. This is still a mystery to me. Sometimes the input switches back to ANT (antenna) or the picture size switches back to Zoom etc. No consistency here.Limited app selection and Netflix interface is a jokeNo buttons on the panel/side (not a major flaw, but just in case remote is not working or missing there isn't a backup)No true component or RCA audio out ports. The component RGB is combined into one output (Toshiba provides this and comes with the unit). Same for the audio out port (L & R are combined into one). There is an optical out (Toslink) though.Remote can't be configured as universal remote with other devices and/or Apple TV (minor issue)I originally wanted to return the TV and get a Samsung/LG instead, but I called in on the 31st day and hence the retailer won't take it back. Today I had the repair guys (Toshiba outsources this to some local company) come and pick it up. They already ordered the part (which is the panel and costs more than the TV apparently, the technician showed me the bill and asked how much I paid for the TV!) and hopefully I will get it back in 7-10 business days.Once I get the TV back I will do more testing and come back and update this review. As of now, I can give only two stars for this TV (1 for the looks/design and 1 for the price). Please go and check it out at a local store before you buy.--------Update after another month of replacing panel (Oct 3rd 2011).The picture quality is not bad, but nothing fixed the pixelation. 3d picture quality is better than regular HD programming and seems to be okay. However, now there is substantial white light bleeding from the corners now and it looks like there is a bulb switched on. It's impossible to watch dark or night scenes. I've had the same issue with my older Toshiba but it wasn't this prominent. This one is going back for repair again. What a nightmare it has been.--------Update after almost 6 months.I see the price has now dropped to around 1200 and it might be a good TV for that price. But for the 1550 I paid and the trouble I had with this, I stick with my earlier verdict.