I SO wanted to like this television. I fell in love with the very thin bezel and the picture (in the store). I also loved the SmartApp-dedicated buttons on the remote (no more having to talk my wife through changing inputs, etc.). I have no desire to "bash" this product, and I very well may have taken home a lemon unit, which I chose not to exchange. Your mileage may vary, but I can only attest to my experience with this television (that I purchased at a local shopping club that rhymes with clams).Once home, I struggled with what seemed to be one thing after another. Having already gone to the trouble of mounting the TV to our bedroom wall, it was with great angst that I decided to return it a week later.Here are the issues I encountered, ranked in order of my priority, from least to most:- The universal wall mount holes are very bottom-centric, meaning they're situated from the base, up to the center of the TV. If you mount this using a full motion bracket, it feels really "flimsy" on the mount (for lack of a better term) when you try to move it about.- I read spec.s and reviews to the contrary, but the viewing angles we experienced were terrible. Even slightly off center viewing resulted in an extremely washed out, ghost-like picture. Our bedroom is rather large and has room to either side for viewing the TV. This just didn't look very good at all from anywhere but the center of the room.- The IR sensor at the base of the TV is entirely too weak. I've seen others write about this issue, and I can certainly confirm that it's really bad. It often took several frustrating mashes of the buttons to perform any function. I experienced the same poor reactions using our DirecTv remote, which confirmed it was the receiver and not the remote or poor batteries. While on the subject of remotes, I would add that the loud "click, click, click" noise from all of the remote buttons was rather annoying to listen to and conjured up some not-so-great memories of the old "channel changers" of the seventies.- The final straw was the wifi connection. I had no trouble seeing or signing onto my 50MB wireless LAN. In fact, the TV would consistently show 4 out of 4 bars for the signal strength. However, I couldn't get the TV to maintain the connection for more than a few minutes at a time - ever. I tried for hours with their customer service help desk, but we never were able to identify or fix the issue.I realize this is a newer model, and I think Vizio's features, cost, & value ratios are spot-on in this series. I really hope that they can correct most or all of these issues with firmware updates (none were available when I checked). As I said, I really struggled with deciding to return this TV, but I did. I replaced it with another, 2 letter, brand for roughly the same price, and having installed the replacement, I have to tell you that it was hands-down the right decision.