I ordered this TV from Amazon at the beginning of January with standard shipping.  After some issues with the payment methods, I received the TV on the 18th (the earliest estimated shipment day).  Since then, I have nothing but good things to say about this Television.I didn't realize that HD channels come through right over the air.  With the built in HD tuner, I have been able to watch HD shows on this TV, and I don't even have cable or satellite TV.  I love being able to watch my favorite shows like Heroes, CSI, Prison Break, Medium, and even late night shows like Leno and Letterman all in HD!  The colors are striking, and I love having tons of sub-channels like 58-1, 58-2, 10-1, 10-2, 10-3, and more while still being able to watch the regular channel 58 and 10 if I choose to.I've heard some people on here complaining about how you can't stretch channels that already come through in HD (I've noted that channels that are digital such as 720p and 1080i can't be stretched), but I think that has more to do with the channel transmitting the image in 4:3 rather than 16:9.  I can't wait until every channel has to transmit in HD and in 16:9.  I've already noticed a few commercials that are in wide screen without needing to stretch them.  Just wait for it boys and girls.  It'll happen, and you'll have no reason to complain about such things after that.I heard that the TV has only HDMI 1.0.  Let me tell you my experience.I've hooked up my PS3 to this TV using only a generic HDMI cable (not name brand or anything).  The video and audio come through just fine.  The TV only goes to 1080i, but I'm not complaining.  Gaming has gone to a whole new level due to the clarity of this TV.  I never noticed some of the detail of Genji: Days of the Blade until I played it on this TV.I've got a DVD player, a VCR, a Game Cube, and a PS3 hooked up to this puppy, and I still have room to hook up more stuff.  I'm in heaven, and I haven't even hooked up my computer to it yet!Lastly, I want to note how clear the viewing of movies is.  Using my PS3 to play BD movies (Blue-ray Disk) has helped me truly appreciate the quality that the BDs have.I can't wait to have a surround sound system to hook up to this puppy and bring things to yet another level of greatness.The one drawback that I've seen in this TV is that everyone at my house wants to crowd around it to watch their favorite program.  Sorry Mom, but you'll have to watch 24 and Jack Bower in Standard Definition on the TV upstairs.  :DI definitely say it's worth the money to buy this TV.  Whether it's just to watch DVDs and BDs, watch TV in HD, or play games in high quality, I think you'll get what pay for and more.  I'm sure that newer technology probably looks even better than this does, but if you're looking for a great deal, I definitely recommend this TV.---Short summery of this review----HD sub-channels are a wonderful surprise even without the dish or cable-The channel stretching issue will resolve itself in time-HDMI 1.0 is no issue for PS3 audio and video (and am assuming the 360 too)-Wonderful connectivity to multiple media devices-DVD and BD movies are beautifully presented-Definitely recommended for your cost efficient purchase