This is a wonderful TV. The picture is outstanding and the Home Theater Store in Houston not only came up with an outstanding price but excellent service. Try to buy from this store. They are the best.Yes, the tuner is a little slow but 99% of us are going to use this set with HDMI sources like a HD cable or Satellite box - right? No flaws in the display but you have to open the little door on the remote and find the A/V mode that suits your environment. This set has a huge number of "knobs to turn" as far as setting up the picture so be careful and find the mode and settings that you need. Once you get it set - it will blow you away.Yes, the sound isn't what you got out of the 250# "console" TV that you just replaced. It has small speakers because it's a flat panel TV. They are all that way. So stop complaining and go buy yourself a little 5.1 channel sound system that has an optical input. Hook it to the optical output of this set and the Cable or Sat box (see below) and it will be the best show you have ever heard or seen. Better yet, go buy yourself one that has a DVD upconvert or Blue Ray DVD player in it. The LG LHT854 on Amazon is a good example (for less than $200). Buy your optical and HDMI cables here on Amazon too and save a lot of $$. All the hype you read about certain cables being better is wrong. They don't need to be gold or start with "M". Speaker cables don't need to be big, fat and hard to work with. Unless you are running 2000 watts or more, 18 or 16 gauge wire is just fine. It's all digital data so there is no way the optical or HDMA cable can effect the quality of the sound or video. Be sure to connect your optical sound cable from your cable or Sat box directly to your sound system so you don't pick up a delay from the TV processing it. IF your sound system has only one optical input, buy an optical splitter/combiner on Amazon for a couple of dollars and combine the optical sources from the TV and cable or Sat box. This all works.Sharp has taken the most appropriate road on LED backlighting in my view,simply replace the florescent system with proven technology that was developed for the laptop industry by leaders like Apple. It's very bright and even.Since writing the above review, I have become even more sold on this product. Sharp has a fairly small market share in this field so they try hard to support their users. They offer a program called Aquos Advantage. It includes 3 mo.of warranty extension and a newsletter with info on using their products. It also includes a REAL help line you can call to get help if you don't understand something or can't make a feature work. If you are new to HDTV this may be of value to you. They also have a Facebook page and are very responsive through that site. The bigger manufactures may have these contacts as well but Sharps people seem to care about each customer.The other thing I have noticed is the quality of the graphics engine. I connected my 3 year old standard def (480P) DVD player to the set using the "component" connection and the picture is as good or better than from an HDMI-connected Up-convert player. This indicates that the graphics engine in this set is outstanding.When you get yours, open the little door on the bottom of the remote control and check out the different preset video modes. You will find them very helpful as you try different sources or types of material.