I've had this TV for almost 2 weeks and I am very pleased with it. Keep in mind I rated this TV based on value not on picture quality.  The 3d picture is stunning and works very well, the passive display does mean it cuts down the resolution while in 3d mode, but given it's flicker free and very inexpensive that's not a big deal breaker. The glasses are lightweight, battery-less, and inexpensive.  Those wanting to buy must understand that this is and economy TV, meaning that its primary focus is value for your buck, It won't rival the picture quality of the new 1,000,000:1 contrast ratio led TVs.  Being under $700 puts it at a price that with its specifications and features rival similar 2d CCFL LCD TVs. It does lack 2d to 3d like sets that cost at least twice as much. Overall I think this is a tremendous value, especially for those buying a TV anyway, you get a good 2d TV with the option of using 3d.Pros:-Under $700!-3d is great, no flickering or having expensive glasses to charge or break, you can use Real-D glasses you get free at the movies.-Great with ps3 for playing 3d blu-ray movies, 3d MPO picture viewing(works with 3ds pictures), and gaming(3d adds a lot more to gaming than it does movies).-Wifi and apps- Surprised Vizio include both wifi and apps at this price. Pandora, Netflix, Amazon Video, and much more are available.-Full function remote-  Not only has tv functions and a qwerty keyboard, but also supports CEC for controlling hdmi devices(ps3 control works great for bluray playback and menu navigation).-Ample amount of settings to change- Changing the picture to your liking is easy, also has a game setting to ensure you get lag free play when gaming.Cons:-3d up and down viewing angle is limited and slight cross talk when a very bright color overlaps a a very dark background.-3d resolution is cut in half.  In order to work with the lightweight polarized glasses every other horizontal line of pixels is polarized differently.  This means in 3d mode each eye gets a 1920 x 540 resolution image, when displaying full HD 3d most won't be able to tell much of a difference.  This is also not a big deal for this reason, 3d Blurays are the only content I know of that output full 1080p 3d at this time.  The PS3, due to processing limitations, cuts games down to 720p when in 3d, current internet and cable streaming send half of full 3d by squeezing 2 images into one 2d hd stream.-Lacks backlight uniformity of leds/plasma, Uses CCFLs which causes a slight brightness banding effect that is noticeable on solid and panning backgrounds. I'm not overly picky, but a perfectionist will likely want another set.-No 2d to 3d conversion.-Sound does lack richness and bass of a external system, does fine for my small room but those with a big room may want to invest in a sound system.I gave it a 5 out of 5 not because it produces a perfect picture, but because it is a great value and meets all my expectations.  It has the potential to be the best selling 3d TV this year.  Keep in mind while 3d is the main reason people will by this, 3d is just an extra feature not a mandate and it is still a good 2d TV to buy in case you want 3d in the future.  Back to 3d Gran Turismo 5!!Feel free to post a comment or question...