ok, this TV I bought for my girlfriend's bday. She's a research nazi, and researched tv's for 2 months, before deciding on this TV. She's so much of a research nazi, that she actually bought this TV without ever seeing it in a store. She was able to find the 7000 & 8000 series in stores, but not the 6500. She gets seriously motion sickness from 3D stuff, so that wasn't an option for her.We have had the tv for about 2 months now, and we're absolutely in LOVE with this TV. When we travel, we could not wait to get back to our TV LOL. First my girl has a very stylish home, and she wanted a TV that was just as beautiful on the outside as the inside. And this thing is sexy in the living room. Sleek, and stylish. The clear glass boarder is just a seriously nice touch, it kinda sparkles when room lights hit it. She liked the metal boarders on the 7000 and the 8000 but this black boarder here is not so bad at all. It's the thinnest TV I've ever seen, so Im impressed.After seeing our first Blu-Ray movie on this thing... one of her childhood favorites, "The Dark Crystal" we agreed never to watch movies in a theater and pay $40 bucks or more. The entire time we watch Blu-Ray movies, we can't get over how much better the movie looks than it did in the movies. We're in this bad habit of watching movies we've seen before because of how different they look from DVDs or from what we saw in a theater.But here is the test for her... see she bought the tv with a solid thought that she would NOT be getting HD cable. She wanted a tv that would look great with basic tv and internet. And for 2 months, we could not be happier. EVery picture looks amazing. Every show we watch from basic 480 and up looks amazing. Everything we watch free streaming from the internet looks amazing. Old DVDs in the samsung 6500 blu-ray looks amazing.The sound is also quite well. We were going to buy a sound bar before we got the TV based on the reviews from other people here, but we're not sure what they're talking about. Unless they have some sort of mansion. We have a HUGE apt, and HUGE Livingroom, dining room, kitchen open area. But can't imagine needing the sound louder than 50, cause most of the time, the sound is on 15-25. If we got a sound bar we would definitely be disturbing neighbors. The sounds is great on this tv to us, and she likes things loud. The movie and the music sound options are more than adequate.It tilts beautifully, the remote works my blu-ray. Our laptop is permanently hooked to the TV and we have a wireless keyboard, it was a little tricky figuring out the right view options but once we figure it out, we're in heaven. Movie theaters have nothing on this home theater experience. We're actually thinking of getting a old fashion popcorn maker.Pilot delivered her TV and set it up quite quickly, they didn't tweak the picture or anything, but girlfriend calibrated the TV with cnet's options.All and all it made my girlfriend very happy, for her bday and I'm just as happy if not happier cause she's hard to please, but every one of our guy friends who have also bought recent TVs like the Panasonic etc, and then they come here and they're really impressed.Also the internet options on the tv are pretty kewl. Netflix and Vudu. definitely rock. We have an entire instant watch library set up on Netflix for movies and tv shows at our finger tips.Only drawback... Now we might have to figure out how NOT to become couch potatoes.