I have to tell you that I'm not an audio/visual expert. I wear glasses (if that makes any difference) and am prone to headaches (which is relevant to 3D material).So far I only have 3 3D Blu Ray movies (Tangled, Tron Legacy, and Piranha) and have only rented one other (Bolt) so my expertise on this TV is fairly limited. With that said, I've over-all been extremely pleased with the 3D output of this TV. Keep in mind, this TV doesn't require active-shutter glasses (and I'm not even sure if those kinds of glasses will even work with it). It uses basically the same glasses that you get from seeing a movie in "Real-D" at the theater--hence the name of this "Theater 3D" TV. In fact, I saved a couple pairs of the 3D glasses I got from seeing 3D movies in the theater and they work with this TV as well--which is nice, because I can have friends over to watch the 3D movies without having to shell out a ton of cash just for the glasses.Be warned though, the 3D experience won't necessarily always be good--that depends on the source material, not on the TV itself. For instance, the 3D of Piranha, and the 3D from Time Warner On Demand, made me feel kind of woozy. Time Warner uses (at least on the free 3D shows it has available, that I've watched) the top/bottom 3D approach and that makes me feel horrible. Hopefully that gets phased out and only the side/side approach gets used. Piranha looked decent at times but I'm afraid it uses the t/b approach and it made me feel crummy too.Still, with the right source material--like Tangled and Tron Legacy, as well as Bolt and I'm sure many others--the 3D can and does look stunning. It may not be "Full HD" (based on other reviews I've read) but I can't really tell. Sitting 8 feet back, the 3D looks like Full HD to me and the 3D looks awesome. In fact, my dad--who hates seeing 3D movies because it always makes him feel sick, and who says 3D looks poor anyway--was actually very into Tangled 3D at home. He said, with a bit of surprise and even a little smile, "it actually looks a lot better than in the theater."The video quality... I shouldn't really have to say it, but it's great. One of the first things I watched when I got this thing home last weekend was an NBA game and it was SO much better on this TV than my previous (a 32" Samsung 720p). I nearly felt like I was at the court. It could be clearer, and I still noticed some "blocks" (don't  know the technical terms) when there was a lot of fast action, but those moments were few and far between. I only noticed them when I got up close and wanted to see them. Sitting back, you couldn't tell.Besides the 3D, there are other things that make this TV well worth it. First is the Vizio Internet Apps aka VIA. I love having Netflix, Hulu and Amazon VOD right on my TV, without having to switch to another component. You have the VIA button--as well as Netflix, Vudu and Amazon VOD buttons--right on the double-sided remote control. Besides those video services, you can also download Vizio apps such as NBA Game Time (which hopefully, next year, will have League Pass), Showtime, weather, eBay, Facebook, Pandora, a lot of different local news apps, games, Twitter, etc. They all seem to work well, although the Netflix app would be better off if updated (to resemble the current PS3 Netflix app).Second is the remote control which, although not perfect by a long shot, is really cool. For one it's fairly small and thus easy to use. One major plus is, as I mentioned before, the back side which sports a QWERTY keyboard. Unfortunately (maybe) the buttons are not extremely easy to use. I expect the typical buttons to require a bit of force--to prevent hitting buttons that you didn't mean to--but the whole point of a QWERTY is to be able to type faster. Well, the fact that you have to really push the buttons slows you down. Of course the problem here is that if they were easier to push, you'd be pushing them all the time while gripping the remote. Maybe Vizio could redo the remote to have a slide or flip cover for the back?Anyhow, I love the TV and have no regrets buying it. The only problem I have is not having under-$100 access to some of the more popular 3D movies. Bugger.