Most of the time anyway. This was my first HDTV, I purchased it a year and a half ago through Ubid for only 300 (including tax). For an HDTV even today is quite damn cheap. Sadly, I looked not only on Ubid and here but everywhere else as well and haven't seen such a good deal since...For a bargain HDTV the color saturation and clarity isn't too shabby. The viewing angles from my perspective are around 140 degrees. Settings are pretty standard, nothing special. The built-in scanner is quirky though, especially with comcast service. You can get a handful of HD channels but the channels under 720p get too hazy to watch.If you are planning on using it for your PC as well make sure:1) Your video card is HDTV compatable (HDMI slot) so that you can get the most out the signal quality and2) leave your settings for color set to factory default and set it through your video card. Don't worry about it effecting your TV or video watching experience, each input you switch to has its own profile, so you can set different settings for tv, console, ect.Some video cards have the spdif jumper you can attach to your motherboard so that sound goes though your HDMI cable as well but don't bother with it. I found the sound quality to be much better if you just do a direct optical connection from your PC to your home theater system.I love this TV; I have my pc, DVD home theater, and PS3 using it (and although PS3 claims to be full HD it is only 720 so this works fine). In a small apartment this HDTV is ideal, as well as any space-saver.I do have one major con to point out: I don't know if the recent commenters were just lucky or are working for the company but I have to agree with the tens of comments towards the back about all the issues you have (or will have) with this HDTV or any other HDTV Westinghouse makes. Since the name has been sold finally oversees (as someone already pointed out here) customer service and overall product quality has gone though the crapper. If it breaks, just scrap it for parts, you will save a lot of money in the process. After having mine for just an over 1.5 years I'm now just starting to get an occasional "pink distortion over white and dark blue over blue" as what many here have said before. It comes and goes once in a blue moon and when it does it doesn't last long so it doesn't bother me that much.In conclusion, any Westinghouse HDTV has a bargain price for a bargain quality. If you can get one of these for under $400 new then go for it, seriously. Major reason is that even though these are LCD tvs and not plasmas (why in the hell anyone wants to spend thousands of dollars for something that burns out as fast as a candle is beyond me) their lamps still have a short life span as compared to the "never goes away" CRTs. Over 80% of consumers who purchase electronics of any form end up upgrading around five years after it was purchase, so unless you are someone who has and likes to keep what you have around for many years then go out and get something nicer (but still do research on the item before you buy!). For everyone else this is perfect. Yeah, there is a chance you can get stuck with a real lemon that craps on you as soon as you open the box but the odds are safely low enough to take the risk. These should last long enough before you replace it with something better, and if not you didn't lose your life savings in it >.>