Skip to the bottom for pros and cons.Background:I'll be using this Sharp LC-32LE700UN exclusively as a computer monitor. I bought this model due to finding out Sharp manufacturer their own VA-panel (Though they call their version ASV or Advanced Super View. "VA" and "IPS" panels has wide viewing angles and better than "TN" panels found in cheaper LCD). This model have 'full-array LED backlight' which means LED filled the entire back of the panel, not just the edges. Unfortunately, it does not have local dimming feature. Don't bother with the 120hz spec because they achieved it through dithering. These 120hz LCD, as of writing, do not actually accept 120hz input signal.Aesthetic/external impressions:The TV is quite light for its size. The plastic exterior is glossy black, but in term of build quality it's pretty standard. The stand is very sturdy, unfortunately can't swivel. The screen surface is soft like computer monitors, it doesn't have a thick protection. Overall, Sharp skim on the bodywork of the TV, so if your purpose is to impress friends and neighbors, this TV isn't it.Positive points:-Image quality: Amazing image quality and details for this price range. This quality is worthy to be in a TV twice the cost. Very colorful and smooth. The screen is neither matte nor gloss, its in the middle. I'm mostly impressed by the contrast, lots of shadow details. There is a little 'color banding' which you'll only find if you do specific tests to revel it, its not possible to notice during movies.-Backlight uniformity and black level: Excellent. In the dark, I set the TV to show a black screen and took photos of it using my camera set to 1/4th seconds exposure. The idea is to have the taken photo reveal any backlight leakage... there was none from what my camera could make out. It is very rare to find an LCD that has no backlight leakage! The full-array LED backlight really does a good job here.-Viewing angle: Excellent. When they say 176* degree horizontally and vertically, they mean it. Though the colors lose some saturation when viewing off angle, but this is minimal. The color that suffers the most is red, if its not a dark shade it might turn pinkish from an angle.Power consumption:This TV is very energy efficient. By my measurement, at factory setting it consumes 61w. With backlight brightness set at 25% it consumes 49w. At lowest setting, 37w.-Response rate: I notice minimal ghosting for videos. However, I do for 3D gaming (connected to my computer video card running high frame rates), but its not bad enough to distract from the experience.Negative points:-Menu/setting screen: Some people might find the menu screen bland to look at, the graphic look old and blocky. Again, it won't impress your friends.-Speakers: The internal speakers quality won't be that great. It's a bit trebly. You'll want to turn the 'Treble' value from 0 to -6.-No 1080p input support for analog PC input (RGB-15pins): Many competitor brands allow 1080p resolution through PC connection. Through the PC connection with this Sharp, you are allowed up to 1600x1200 pixels max, but its ugly looking. You'll have to use 720p resolution (1360x768) for the image to look good.-The infamous red and green tint: I have witness many LCD suffers from this with varying degrees. With the one I received, it has a pillar of green tint in the middle and the right side is pinkish, these are noticeable when the screen is showing a static white background or very light color. Since I use this TV as my computer monitor, I notice it while viewing the web. Do not worry about this if you are using this TV for its proper purpose: to watch TV and videos, you won't notice it then.HINT for gamers: If you play any games at all, you should change the AV mode to GAME. To do this, open the 'cap' in the bottom of the remote and press 'AV MODE'. The STANDARD mode with HDMI connection has input lag such that the cursor on the screen moved a quarter second after you move your mouse.Calibrating the monitor:It is clear that by default the color temperature has a blue tint. Try turning the 'Color Temperature' from Middle to Mid-Low. Also the color red is pinkish, to fix it, I changed the Red value for "C.M.S.-Value" from 0 to -10. Also the colors are a bit saturated, I set 'Color' from 0 to -4.My 'colorimeter' that I regularly use to calibrate colors for computer monitors works with this thin screen TV. (Generally it don't work with thick screen TVs). The colorimeter can adjust the colors automatically if you have a PC connected, now the TV is showing very accurate colors with no blue tint.Overall:I would recommend this LCD TV if you care most about image quality and don't mind that the physical exterior of the TV isn't made of more expensive materials.PRO:-Excellent image quality, great contrast-Perfect backlight uniformity, great black level-Very, very wide viewing angle, however colors can lose some saturation-Fast response rate, input lag is good with GAME mode, absolutely horrendous with other modes-Low power consumptionCON:-Menu/setting screen is bland looking-Speakers quality not great-analog PC input (RGB-15pins) does not accept 1080p resolution, only look good with 720p-The one I received have a green and red tint over large part of the screen, noticeable with static white background