I dont write many reviews but figured I would go ahead and review this TV because it is one of my favorite toys ever. I love electronics and high tech toys and Ive owned many TVs in my lifetime and Ive never been as satisfied or excited to get home and turn on the tv as with this set. I am very happy I decided to go with the 8000 as opposed to the 7000 because I was looking at both and, due to the excessive glare in my living room, the 7000 would have been the wrong move. I looked at both side by side with the same movie playing and in dark rooms there is hardly any difference but when we shined a led flashlight on the 7000 you couldnt see the picture hardly at all. You couldnt even tell the flashlight was on with the 8000. The 2D picture is the best I've ever seen on any television anyware and everyone who sees it says the same. It seriously looks unreal. There are several different modes and settings on this tv as well. Many of them I do not use on a regular basis but you can set this thing up to your liking with a few hours  of tinkering around with the settings. I do frequently use the Game Mode feature on this tv. I play a lot of video games and the game mode gives you a big advantage in competitive play. Most new tvs have this feature and my last one did but it didnt impact my gameplay like this one. The 3D feature is amazing as well. Ive seen many 3D movies and this sets a new standard for 3D. I cant wait for more content to be released. I have about 7 video games and 3 3D Blu rays that work in stereoscopic 3D that will blow your mind. Im ordering a smaller set for my bedroom because im so happy with this purchase. A few things to watch for are:  Be Very Careful With This TV... It is very fragile. I ordered this TV originally online and had it shipped to me. When it arrived all looked good but I got it out of the box and packaging and the screen was cracked. If you tip it on its side IT WILL BREAK. The shipping company wasnt aware of this I guess. Also dont play video games or watch tv channels or movies with stationary HUD or menu displays for extended periods of time. This is a plasma tv and doing this can cause "burn in". I was playing Borderlands for several hours and the stationary in game HUD menu did cause minor burn in. It seems to be gradually going away but is slightly visible. You may also want to buy an addition 3d emitter because the signal generated by the tv is not that strong. It works well up to about 10-12 feet away. If someone or something is blocking it (the signal) it will not work. Finally buy the rechargeable glasses. Ive had two sets of the battery powered ones go bad on me. The rechargeable ones are more comfortable, function better, and dont require replaceable batteries. They seem to make the 3D picture look better also because the frame at the bottom of the lens goes all the way around. This was a great purchase for me and im looking forward to seeing what it can do in the future. If anybodys interested in 3d gaming send me invite at: ps3- boknows01  xbox 360- bbatx