For a 32" LCD HDTV in this price range, i can't justify getting anything else. the TV is an absolute blast to use, the quality is amazing, it seems to be built well, and i'm immensely happy with it so far.SD Quality - like almost every LCD HDTV out there, the SD quality on this unit leaves much to be desired. it may be the poor cabling in my apartment for my cable channels, but they look pretty bad. i'm guessing that if you had a good quality cable line run to the TV, it would look better, because the digital SD channels from my cable box look pretty good. also, it's not the fact that it's SD that is the problem... because SD DVDs and 480i digital over-the-air look great. it's just cable, and presumably analog over-the-air as well. so make sure you have a good quality cable line run to your TV/cable box and maybe even an amplifier.HD Quality - outstanding. 1080i looks indistinguishable from 720p, as this is a 720p TV with a good 1080i deinterlacer. i don't know why someone tagged this as 1080p, since it clearly doesn't support it. but the quality is amazing, especially with the contrast as high as it is. I have not tried anything over HDMI, since i don't have any HDMI devices. but analog component looks great.Contrast - i have found some of the "Dynamic" settings can be a bit extreme... i actually had to tone down the contrast a little, and i turned the dynamic contrast to Low. Also, this is a very BRIGHT TV, but luckily you can adjust the backlight. on the backlight adjustment that goes to 10, i have mine set at 7, and it's still very bright.Games - i have a Nintendo Wii hooked up via component and it looks great. it's also nice since it supports 480p and 16:9 mode, so in the games, such as Wii Sports, you can have vertical split screen that is actually useful. There is also a "game mode" to enhance how games look on the screen, but i have not yet used this.Over-the-air - This TV does include an OTA tuner for HD and SD digital. I hooked up a cheap little unpowered antenna and i was able to pick up in-town 480i digital stations fine, and they looked AMAZING compared to their cable counterparts. I wasn't able to get any HD channels without a powered antenna, since all the broadcast towers are out of town, but i'd imagine you'd get a much better quality (assuming you can get a good signal) than from digital cable, which suffers from severe compression artifacts in my area.Inputs and Outputs - there are PLENTY to go around, but considering i have 6 component devices, it would be nice to have more component inputs. there are 3 HDMI inputs, one on the side, and two component sets. In addition there are 2 composite inputs for SD, one on the side, and a PC input. DVI is supported in the HDMI port with an adapter.Remote - the remote is easy to use and comfortable. There is a handy P.Size button at the bottom (blue button) that allows you to change between 16:9 stretched, Zoom 1 (cropped), Zoom 2 (i think an even tighter crop), and 4:3 pillarboxed for SD programs, which is very handy. For example, when a widescreen letterboxed program comes on an SD channel, you can go to Zoom 1 with a push of a button and it completely fills the screen, unletterboxed and unstretched. The volume and channel controls are also backlit with the touch of a button.Sound - the sound is a good and bad thing about this TV. it has a cool virtual surround feature that actually sounds pretty neat, especially while watching concerts and programs that make good use of stereo sound, and it has optical output to run to a 5.1 unit for audio from OTA HD or HDMI. The downside is that bass is lacking, but considering how thin the TV is, this is not surprising, and i'd posit that the sound on ths TV is better than other LCD HDTVs i've heard in stores. There is an equalizer as well to fine tune your  sound. Another cool feature is that the speakers are under the TV, so the bezel is significantly smaller than other competing units.Appearance - the unit is a piano black, plastic finish, and there is a glowing blue LED at the bottom. the LED is not distracting at all, and you can program it to be on when the TV is on or off, whichever you prefer. The whole unit is very customizable, you can adjust many tiny details of the image quality, sound quality, channels, and settings for the TV. The controls on the TV itself are touch sensitive and on the side of the unit. The only downside is you can't really see what they are unless you're in a brightly lit room, so i end up relying on the remote more than the controls on the unit. The upside of this is that you wouldn't know they're there upon looking at it, and it makes the bezel very attractive.