I ordered this TV only 3 days ago, and selected the free shipping through Amazon.The estimated delivery date was Oct 11-17th on that, yet here it is on October 7.Amazon had one a couple states away and it was here a day after they updated the status to shipping, a week or so earlier than I expected to get it.  I have to give Amazon credit on this one, as I'm not accustomed to the good kind of shipping surprises when buying online.As the the TV itself, you'll find more depth among the other reviews, so I'll just give me quick opinions.Installation: Hardware and software setup take a few minutes each.  No problems, very straight forward.A list of available wifi access points are displayed for you to choose from or you can opt for built-in ethernet port (cabled).  The wifi receiver is very strong compared to other devices in that same room.Remote: Great range and regardless of what angle I held the remote or where my fingers were around the edges, input was received nicely by the TV.  No frustration.  Of course the qwerty keys are small, but that's pretty obviously a given since it's on a remote.  I had no problems inputting registration email, and the alt key can be kept down to allow multiple symbols and numbers to be entered.  It has colored buttons to instantly jump to Vudu, Netflix, etc.Interface: Very nice menu system.  The widgets bar is responsive, and the main menu for settings is in a box format.  It's intuitive and responsive as well.2D: Quite good by LCD standards.  Not much to say hear, other than the colors are very well, blacks are acceptable so far (haven't calibrated yet, but the blacks look nicer than I'd expected from previous comments).  No ill effects from the 4-8 foot range I'd tried sitting at.Sound:Fine.  I do not understand anyone having an issue with this, given the 32" size.32" is not a screen you buy to base a home theatre with 12' viewing distance around.More than ample for a room, and what to expect from two respectable sized built-in speakers in a TV this size.If this were a 60" TV I might feel differently, but for a room, it's fine for standard speakers.3D: I've thus far only tried HBO's OnDemand 3D movies.  Avatar opening few minutes (a bit weak in depth IMO), and How to Train Your Dragon (very good 3d).  The included glasses and Real3D glasses I got for dirt cheap on ebay all worked well.  No ghosting was present.The Horizontal angles were liberal, as the room I have it in currently as  chair in front, and my bed about 45 degrees to the side, and the 3d effect was retained.  The issue with losing 3d is more present when moving your head higher than the screen.  When testing what would be a normal range of view for me and a few others, it passed the test.One annoyance is that for my cable box, 3d mode remained on, after I went back to 2d content.  I thought the set actively checked for 3d and reverted to 2d automatically.  This might be my cable box.I have not yet had time to compare 3d vs 2d for loss of noticeable detail, nor have I connected my PS3 yet, but that stuff's all been covered very well and at length by other users.Overall, I highly recommend this TV if the size and features match your needs, regardless of budget.