You know, I really had to do a LOT of internet searches and review checks before finding an HDTV that doubled up as a perfect monitor. Now, before I start, let me tell you how picky I am with my PC Monitor and how good I want it to be. I do not want any ghosting, slow response time crap or even HARD to read text. What I do want, is to be able to plug in my HDTV and compare it to my 27 Inch Hannsg monitor right next to it and say 1 of 2 things. These look identical but ones bigger, and/or 2, This looks BETTER than my MONITOR. Fellow Amazon shoppers, I've hit gold.This HDTV is not just a good PC monitor, it's PERFECT. That's right, it's just what I wanted in a TV to double up as a monitor, but there are a few things to note, and I will rattle them off.1. I bought 3. Weird, I know, but 1 from Walmart for 607 (filthy sales tax) and 2 from Amazon. Why 2 from Amazon? Because my first one had a dead stuck pixel. STUCK, not dead, but I didn't wanna play around with that crap, so i RMA'd for refund and bought a 3rd. Out of 3 TV's, only 1 had stuck pixels.2. This HDTV is 40 inches. That means I had to move myself 2-3 feet EXTRA away from my Monitor more than my 27 inch. I am currently at 3 and a half to 4 feet. Perfect distance.3. This game plays computer games flawlessly. I'm not running a 2,000+ machine, but I am running a bulldozer with 16 gb ram and a radeon 6950. I WANT my graphics to look crisp, and they are.4. I play a TON of different games, I'll even prattle on about which ones. Starcraft 2, Bad Company 2, Skyrim, Bulletstorm, Portal (1 and 2), mass effect 1 and 2, and soon 3. Rift, Wow, SWTOR, TF2, Tropico 3, left for dead 1 and 2, half life, fear, Dragon age origins. THEY ALL LOOK PERFECT.5. Custom picture putzing is MANDATORY. First thing i did was check my video settings on my TV. I changed to custom, and set everything till it was perfect for me, you should do the same should you choose to use this for a monitor.6 Don't get me wrong, I also have a blu ray player attached to my PC. As far as i can tell, It all looks fantastic. I have tried several different blu ray movies, all look great.7. If you find, this TV is not to your liking for movies or sports or others are better, I don't care a ton, everything ive checked over tells me this TV is fantastic for 500ish dollars. therefore, i give it a 5 out of 5.Long story short, in conclusion, if you want a HDTV to double up as a PC MONITOR, this is the baby to go with, if you have the 500 bucks to fork out. If not, then try the OTHER BX420 Model that is only 32 inches, You should NOT need to keep the tv more than 2 feet away, and i'm pretty sure because it's the same model number just different size, it should do the same job. But this baby, is just for me!UPDATE:7-27-12 - Still working great and I love almost everything about it, however there is something I did not mention. This would be the fact that every time i turn on the tv it takes about freaking 15 seconds to turn on. What an annoying design.