Whatever you buy, you always want to get the most out of your money. So when I saw an LCD HDTV for only $330 in RadioShack. I had some doubts about whether it was a quality product. Especially since there is always concern about buying a brand name that the average consumer knows little about. Then I did some research on the. They are best known as Envision and are the world's largest display manufacturer of high quality monitors and are a leading brand in Europe. After seeing this close up in a brightly lit store. I knew if it looked good there it would play well in my living room. However it was playing with a blu-ray demo dvd. So I needed to see how it played in my home using cable TV. Knowing that Radio Shack has a 30 days No Hassle Refund Policy helped to reassure me with my purchase.A nice feature is that the base also allows the unit to swivel for a good viewing angle at any position in the room. Although to be best appreciated I would recommend sitting about seven feet away from the TV. After that your viewing angle should be fine from anywhere in the room.The AOC L32W961 is a 720p HTDV, but handles 1080p Inputs and will upconvert your standard definition DVDs using a uponverting DVD player. The 32" widescreen display that delivers an accurate 16:9 aspect ratio and up to 1366x768 resolution. This new model now has three HDMI connections which should be enough for most users. If not,you could always purchase an inexpensive HDMI adaptor to add more inputs.I attached the TV to a HD cable box and an upconverting DVD player using two HDMI cables from [...]. The remotes source button allows instant access of each connected component. Channel switching from SD to HD channels can be somewhat slow. However that is common with most HDTVs and HD cable boxes. The menu is easy enough to use to tune the picture and sound to your preferences. Using the remote , you are able to individually adjust each sound and pictures menu control with out having the entire menu on screen. Out of the box I raised the sharpness and lowered the backlight level. I adjusted the color temperature to cool and set the video noise reduction to off. The only time I have to make any adjustments is when I switch the backlight control up or down a few notches depending on the amount of light in the room at the time. The AOC has an auto contrast detection which automatically and accurately adjusts the picture. With the auto contrast detection set to on, the AOC's brightness and contrast controls seems to have little effect on the picture. The sharpness control does a fine job without adding any video noise. The picture is very detailed with the sharpness turned up just half way.Overall ,the AOC32961 shows extremely accurate color, with excellent brightness and contrast. The 6ms response time means the screen has no trouble with fast-moving, full-motion images. This is very important feature for watching sports or action movies. HD TV cable programming looks phenomenal. I get vivid color, and a bright and well detailed picture on this set. DVD's upconverted to 108oi/p look very well defined. The sound is a bit low with DVD's but it can still be set to adequate level for a standard size room. There's also a headphones input for private listening. The AOC also has a VGA input for use as a PC monitor. I have not used it that way. However I have seen videos of it on [...] showing it working very well as a PC montor.Switching between your various devices (DVD player, Cable Box, PC, TV) is extremely easy thanks to a source buton on the remote. Which brings up a list of the AOC's inputs. The current active input is higlighted in yellow. There are also buttons on the remote for each individual source input.The AOC L32W961 delivered very detailed black levels when I watched The Dark Knight DVD on a 1080p upconverting Panasonic DVD-S54 DVD player. While watching the night scenes shadow detail was very good. I could easily make out details in the Batmans black suit as he stood in the darkness. The AOC's accurate color helped make the different fles. Felsh tones very accurate. The few sunlit outdoor scenes from The Dark Knight look very bright and sharp.  The Audio is better than I expected and sounds best using the "movie" preset setting.AOC seems very conservative when it comes to their specifications. However, I wouldn't be overly concerned with specifications. You will really need to see this TV and try to compare it to the major brand models costing about $150 more. If you do a blind test comparison, where you're not told which one is the more expensive. It would be difficult to tell the difference between the others. You might even pick out the AOC as the one you like the best. This AOC HDTV is rated among is rated among the top 10 LCD HDTVs by Consumer Reports. In addition to everything else this AOC HDTV earns a Energy Star logo. Tech Support by email is very good. I had a question about closed captions using HDMI cables and it was answered the next day. They also have a group on facebook if you need to contact them.