First, it's "VIZIO" not Visio people!  :-)Secondly, thanks to all for the numerous and very informative reviews; much of the praise well deserved and some of the criticism as well.It would be an understatement to say, I "like" this TV.  In fact, I LOVE IT!!!Vizio more than met my expectations with this HDTV.  It does EVERYTHING almost anyone ever could want in a full feature wide screen TV at this price point.  Better still, some stores are currently selling this exact same model with a $100 instant rebate, which makes this an incredible value!  (I paid $569 plus tax).  It comes in a well protected container, but is relatively light weight, ~35 lbs, so that I was able to load/unload to/from the back of my SUV by myself.Some lesser known discoveries with this TV may be of interest . . .VuDu is currently offering a $5.99 credit to open a new account to owners of this TV.  VuDu, along with a couple of other streaming video apps (like Netflix and Amazon.com) has a large selection of old and newly released movies that can be directly streamed over an Internet connection.  For Facebook users, that app is supported as well.  You can connect to these via an Ethernet cable or wirelessly via WiFi, using this TV.  Keep in mind, for ALL streaming videos sources, you must have a HIGH SPEED Internet service provider to properly and effectively utilize streaming videos.  (I'm using AT&T; DSL with a MAXIMUM download speed up to 6.0 Mbits/s.  Lower cost ISPs with download speeds of 3.0 Mbits/sec or less, simply will not cut it for full High Definition quality streaming videos).A nice feature on VuDu is that it allows any movies selected (in one of 3 different resolutions, the highest being true 1080p) to be "tested".  The first few minutes anyway, without charge, using your existing ISP connection.  If you can view it without any issues, you are good to go.  This testing capability is very useful to avoid renting a HD movie only to find your Internet connection has insufficient bandwidth to stream that movie at a high enough download speed.  If it cannot, not to worry, VuDu can usually still stream the same movie at a "standard" wide screen resolution of 480p, at lower cost.  Even at 480p movies still look good on this Vizio HDTV!VuDu also has a terrific selection of actual "3D" movies unlike most other real time VOD (Videos On Demand) sites.  I found an inexpensive 3D documentary, "Hearst Castle", to watch in 3D.  All I can say is, WOW!  The 3D effect is very realistic!!!For a membership fee, Amazon Prime is also supported, which has many FREE movies, but VuDu is strictly a VOD site without any membership fee.  VuDu, Netflix and Amazon are all accessible directly from the Vizio remote control with one button dedicated to each.  The remote is unusual in that it has "two sides".  A QUERTY keyboard is on one side to make browsing on these (and other) movie sites much easier.  My only gripe with this remote, is it has no backlighting; nor do hardly any other TVs currently on the market.  IMHO, such a useful feature should be offered by all consumer electronic manufacturers.  Without backlit illuminated buttons, operating virtually any remote in a dark room is almost impossible.The built-in speakers, as many other reviewers have commented, leaves a lot to be desired.  However in a small size, quite room environment, like a bedroom, they are quite adequate.  To inexpensively enhance the audio, Vizio's separately offered, 40" wide Soundbar is perfect for this model 42" HDTV.  BUYERS BEWARE, unless you elevate this TV off the same surface the soundbar is on, which is generally placed directly in front of the TV, the TV's IR window in the lower left will be blocked.  If wall mounting the Soundbar and/or HDTV (light enough to be quite feasible), solves this problem!In conclusion, this budget minded 1080p, 120Hz, HDTV is 3D enabled right out of the box.  It looks great in 2D as well.  The pair of included 3D glasses work surprising well.  3D viewing on this TV is just as good as any movie playing in the theater.  Vizio has competitively priced this particular model, yet it is still of exceptional quality, enriched with many additional, useful features. This flat screen TV should become a prized possession to anyone's smaller room home entertainment system!