Now I understand why this 46'' LCD HDTV has an average of 5 stars.  I agree with all the positive reviews, so I don't need to repeat that information.  I also was amazed by the LACK of a reflection problem.  With my old non-flat screen, I had to turn all the lights off at night to avoid seeing them.  I was unexpectedly surprised NOT to see the same reflection issue with this TV.  I don't understand why, but it could be due to the fact that it is so amazingly bright and colorful and big, that light reflecting from table or ceiling light simply doesn't show up.  Whatever the explanation, this item does not have a relection problem compared to what I was expecting from couple negative reviews.  I did see some light reflection in reflectiveNote that as of September 1, 2008, Amazon no longer provides refund if the price of an item drops within 30 days.I was even more surprised when after searching for over the air channels (I don't have cable or satellite), I was rewarded with 54 stations.  I use one of those indoor RCA plug in type antennas which cost me I think about $50 at Sears a few years ago.  Now many of those 54 channels were repeats, but I was able to put ~15 HD channels into my favorites, and have the other lesser channels available if I need them.  Some have questioned why on earth one would buy such a nice HDTV and not pay for cable, but the compination of the 15 HD channels and the fantastic improvement in watching DVDs (including Blue-Ray) makes this purchase worth every penney.  Now I'm saving the $600-$1200 / year on cable/satellite, and invest that money in another TV for my basement or a nice vacation.  Alternatively, at an average savings of $1000/year, over the next 20 years given my investment strategies, I'll be ahead between $127,000-139,000.  With that I can see in person all those Monday night football games I'm missing by not having ESPN. :)Regarding movie watching, this 46'' is really big.  I'm amazed at what I was missing by watching movies (DVDs) with my 26'' regular TV.  Note that I struggled between buying the 46'' and the 52'', and am pleased with this 46'' because it fits better in the space I have.  It is also REALLY big, so don't feel bad about not spending extra money on larger version.  My couch is about 10-12' away.I also bought a PlayStation3 (PS3) at the same time in order to play Blue-Ray movies at 1060p.  It looks fantastic, but I must add that I could have waited, because the regular DVDs played with my Panasonic DMR-ES15 DVR also look fantastic on this TV...at least compared to what I was used to.  This TV is also incredible for playing PS3 games, and I'm also able to surf the internet with the PS3 (with separately purchased Logitech PS3 wireless keyboard) when my wife or kids are hogging the desktop computer and I don't want to fire up my laptop.Thus, if you are moving up from an old version TV, this Samsung HDTV will blow you away.  I have yet to find any issues, thus my 5 star rating.