I am a regular "guy" and I don't write a lot of reviews of products with the exception of really bad or really good items I've purchased.  Also, I'm not technically proficient in the area of TVs.  So this review will only be concerned with the quality of this TV from my eyes and ears.First off, I was going to order this from Amazon.com but checking out the companies that sell this TV through Amazon I found the reviewers who bought their set from Walt's TV in Arizona had the best experiences with regard to shipping.  I called Walt's TV and the salesman (Miles) gave me a break of $100 cheaper than Amazon's price with free WHITE GLOVE shipping.  Because of the positive reviews on both the TV and Walt's TV, I went ahead and purchased it directly from Walts.The people over at Walt's TV are great to deal with.  And that's important when it comes to buying something this expensive on-line (this TV isn't available anywhere in the state I live so it was either buy or not).Long story short, I have never made a better purchase in my life!!!  The TV got here in just under 2 weeks - longer than I had hoped for - but there was a mistake made by using the wrong shipping company that would have resulted in curbside delivery.  I noticed this error in my tracking the TV on it's way to me.  I called Walt's TV and told them about it and by the end of that day, arrangements had been made to transfer the TV in Boston to another company that would deliver the TV to me with the full WHITE GLOVE treatment (2 guys bring the TV into your home, you inspect the outside of the box for any damage, the guys remove the TV from the box, plug it in and when the picture comes on and it is okay, you then sign for it and the guys also remove the shipping box and all packing materials, and they even put the TV on the stand for me).  What could be better than this?With the TV out of the box and on the stand, I can't explain how HUGE this TV is.  I mean it's B-I-G!!!  I attached my Hi-Def Cable box and W-O-W I was in heaven.  I have NEVER seen a picture from ANY TV manufacturer, whether LED, LED-LCD or PLASMA that could even come close to the quality this set gives.  The experience is literally the same as going to the movies!!!One very important thing to remember is this is a LASERVUE TV.  There is a BIG difference between a LASERVUE and the other models by Mitsubishi.  The difference is that the other models can't come close to the LASERVUE as far as picture quality.  The difference is utterly staggering.  I cannot praise this TV enough.  I plan on purchasing a 5 year extended warranty on this TV as well and Walt's TV allowed me 30 days to buy the warranty at the discounted price (a little short of $700.00) but well worth it as it covers IN-HOME service by actual Mitsubishi repairmen.  I could go cheaper on a warranty by using a company other than Mitsubishi but in my opinion, I'd rather not take the chance to save a couple hundred bucks.I also purchased the complete 3-D kit directly from Amazon (which includes 2 pairs of 3-D glasses-battery, non-charging type) and I will be installing the hardware this weekend.  I also bought 3 extra pairs of 3-D glasses (from Amazon.com) that are re-chargeable at only $50 each and they are even better than the ones that come with the kit.  The only fault I would say about the glasses is that I wish they came in a hard case (like Panasonic's do).  But if you keep the glasses in a hard quality case (like the large Otterbox's) you will have an even better case to protect your glasses from damage.  I can fit up to 3 pairs of the glasses in one of the large Otterbox box with room to spare for extra batteries, etc.I can't wait to see how 3-D will look on the TV.  Albeit it will be as good and even better than my experience thus far.If you are seriously looking for the best large screen high-def TV out there with 3-D at a price of under $6000.00 you can do no better than buying this TV.  $6000.00 is the retail price for this TV.  I paid $3400.00 for mine.Also, I highly recommend Walt's TV based in Tempke, Arizona.  They've been in business for 50 years so they're not going to disappear after you purchase your TV.  Like I said, they are a pleasure to deal with and will do everything within reason to satisfy their customers.  They've made a believer out of me and I'm more often than not, a skeptic, based on raw deals from a couple of major TV manufacturers - the worst of the lot being SAMSUNG.So do yourself a favor, and skip all the other manufacturers around, forget about LED, LCD, Plasma and get the best TV made right now - buy a LaserVue by Mitsubishi.