I bought this baby after my Samsung broke down after a year, unfortunately out of warranty (Should've got the extended warranty.  Oh well, live and learn I suppose.)First I should say that I don't use this tv for the analog tuner or even watching cable tv, as I do not have a cable box or an antenna hooked up, nor desire to.  What I do use this for is displaying all sorts of content from browsing the web, to deathmatch games directly from my pc's video card (via dvi to hdmi cable) and gaming via my xbox.Let me say that if you're a serious gamer longing for the lag-free response time that you'd get from a crt, only on a large, high def screen, then you need not look any further.  This TV  has a game mode that's actually useful.  My mouse cursor doesn't lag, and timing sensitive games play just like on a crt.  All but the most seriously competitive twitch gamer would be quite satisfied with this tv.  It has a maximum refresh rate of 60hz so it's not as silky smooth as some of the faster crt's, but it's quite satisfactory for me, especially considering the other lcd offerings out there.If you're using this as a pc monitor it's also great, just make sure you hook it up through a digital connection, it supports just about any resolution I could throw at it.  And just press the "view mode" button on the remote to get the full resolution of your video device without any overscan, it makes for very sharp, readable text (especially at 1920 by 1080).As for image quality, it's top notch with only very very minor flaws.  It should satisfy all but the nuttiest of image quality enthusiasts.  Bright sharp screen, great colors, good viewing angle.  As for the flaws, you really have to be paying attention to notice them.  I suppose the most noticeable one is that on the left and right sides of the panel, the display is a bit darker, it's just on the very edge, so you won't be looking there most of the time, therefore, not that big a deal.  As for the banding issue, it's there, but it's a very subtle effect, and it's noticeable on some content more than others and doesn't detract from my enjoyment significantly.  There's also a very subtle issue that I suppose is only really noticeable when you're relatively close to the screen, i'm not sure if it's the way the pixels are arranged on the panel, or the way the panel processes images, but it manifests as being perceived as an uneven arrangement of pixels, most noticeable on high contrast areas along straight lines.  The viewing angles are great, but not as great as on my samsung, but the vast majority of the time this is not noticeable.I suppose if whether or not you choose this tv it depends on your priorities, if you're more of an image quality nut, then you might want to see samsung's or sony's offerings.  If you're more of a gamer, I'd definately recommend this tv over anything else out there.So in short, it's great for all my needs.  Your mileage may vary.