first, let me just say that i owned Sony/Canon/JVC/Panasonic high def camera, 42" Samsung plasma, high def projector and computer with high def drive.wow!  the price has dropped tremendously after i moved into high def 2 yrs ago.on with the review....i haven't seen any bad quality plasma out there.they all seems to have the same quality to me.of course, spec looks different on paper.but, if your eyes cannot detect the difference, why bother with it?why i chose this out of all the rest?first, i was looking for at least 3 HDMI inputs, 2 a/v, 2 S-video, 2 components, USB and PIP.Samsung met all my requirement.i owned the unit for about 3 weeks now.everything works as advertised except the PIP has some "weird" requirement.my thought on PIP is that you can run anything on main and anything on sub as long as they are not the same signal.wrong!!this Samsung and according to Samsung tech support, there's no other Samsung product that can do what i want.you can run PIP if and only if the sub is from analog signal.i wanted PC for main and sub for something else....may be HDMI or component.you can't even watch high def TV in the sub of PIP.since i mainly use this plasma for computer monitor, the PIP function is important to me.another quirk is that if i leave the plasma off for more than 15 minutes and turn it back on, i got sound but no image on screen and this is when i turn off the plasma when the source was TV.  if you turn it off on a certain source and you turn on the plasma without having your source on, it's IMPOSSIBLE to change the source.  the on-screen menu disappears too fast before you can change the source.  for example, i have the plasma on PC and i turn off the PC.  next morning, i turn on the plasma to watch some news.  no can do.  since my PC is off, the plasma won't turn on!!!  i press MENU to bring up the menu so that i can change the source to TV but the on-screen menu disappears too quickly before i can change to TV.so here's the summary:THE GOOD:image quality is excellent (same as other plasma i tested and owned).HD tuner built-in.enough inputs for my needs.good size screen for the price, $1600.swivel base design.USB input (but only supports JPG and MP3).i use the rabbit ear antenna $10 Terk for the HD tuner...works great.THE BAD:PIP doesn't perform intuitively.sub for PIP only works with analog signal source.USB only supports JPG and MP3.switching source impossible if the source is not on when you turn on the plasma.i contacted Samsung support...took 3 weeks for them to respond to my email.CONCLUSION:the plasma deserves great reviews as other reviewers posted.  except the little quirks which i'm sure it's an isolated issue and the PIP flaw design, i wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.therefore, buy the stuff that meet your requirements and budget.in light of the issues i listed in "THE BAD" section, i'm looking at the Pioneer 1080p plasma 50 or 60" model. Pioneer has 2 new models out in September 2007.  so, i'm waiting for that to make my move.  i owned a lot of Pioneer optical product.  love their quality but of course be ready for the price.  :-)i will also post this review and any updates/revisions on my own website, sokhaDotCom.