Yesterday afternoon, it was pouring rain outside, and the CEVA courier parked on the street and came to my apartment complex. I asked him very specifically if he could pull his truck into the complex parking lot next to the stairwell (to minimize rain contact, and also since I live on the 2nd floor). He said "Sure". I waited, and was wondering where he was at. Next thing I know and to my surprise, he came around the corner hauling the box on a dolly from the street!The box was SOAKED! On top of that, he asked me if I could help him bring the box up the stairs. According to Amazon and the CEVA transport document, this delivery was suppose to be "White Glove" service. Instead of wasting time arguing with the delivery driver while the TV was getting even more wet, I helped him carry the box up the stairs into my apartment. I told him "What's the deal, the box is absolutely soaked now!". He had the audacity to tell me "It's not a big deal. The TV is covered in plastic inside." He then asked me if I wanted to open it up. Of course we did, and while at it he got water all over my guitar/drumset with his rain repelling jacket. There was a foam bag covering the TV, with water speckles everywhere, since 2 of the hand holds on the box were torn upwards, and there was also a big gash on the top corner of the box. The bottom of the box somehow was completely drenched, as I think the driver may of rested it on the flooded street before putting it on a dolly. Absolutely distraught, I wrote my name on the invoice and asked him to leave. I was not going to attempt to plug it in since the driver apparently didn't understand the concept of Electricity/Electricial Components + Water = Damage and possible Shock. I was soaked, the TV's box was soaked, my rug was soaked, and to top it off the driver got some of my personal belongings wet.I removed the foam bag, and unfortunately some water did seep through into the TV since the foam bag opening was top folded (remember the box had torn hand holds and a big gash in the top right corner). Also upon further inspection, the manual and batteries did get wet since they were taped to the bottom of the soaked box hidden under the TV stand.If the driver did what I asked him by pulling his truck to the stairwell, the box would only had minimal contact with water (if none) while carrying it up the stairwell, as my passageway is covered. Unfortunately the driver just disregarded what I asked him, so the box was out in the pouring rain probably for a good minute while he was hauling it from the street. It was just jaw dropping painful watching this occur.It's completely shocking that a shipment courier showed no due diligence in the care of my expensive package. He didn't even attempt to cover it with anything, as his excuse was "it has plastic inside". I would of gladly provided him with a tarp, but it was too late as he decided to carry it from the street.Say even in the best case scenario the TV has no contact with water. What if this item was going to be a gift? The packaging is just as important as the contents, and the condition of the packaging does reflect the care of the product.I contacted Amazon.com regarding this issue, and the only thing they can do is schedule a pickup, and issue a refund since the TV is no longer in stock for replacement. They didn't even offer a subsitute!In an attempt to get a replacement television, I contacted Sony's customer relations, and was told to not to even install and power on the television and it would pose a potentional shock/hardware hazard due to water contact. They told me that since the problem is due to the shipper's negligence, I have to file a claim with the shipper and Sony cannot replace the TV.So in the end I'm left with nothing. This has caused me alot of anxiety and a big headache. Whether or not this may be an isolated incident, this delivery person really is going to give CEVA and Amazon a bad name and impression due to his negligence and lack of due diligence. I know Amazon is not the ones directly at fault. I purchased MANY times from Amazon, and this is the first of an incident like this. This is also my first experience with CEVA, so putting those two together, and its easy to see who's fault this is. I plan on informing the BBB, and if they suggest so, I may even file with the FTC consumer protection department.Rain or no rain, if CEVA hires delivery personnel with this much common sense, who knows what else our packages are subjected to.This treatment of expensive shipments is something that should not be tolerated, and it would be unfortunate for this incident to happen to someone else.