Like so many others, I've been researching large-screen televisions for quite a while, reading countless reviews and repeatedly visiting stores to compare the various sets.  And also like many others, I decided against large box CRTs, plasma and DLP sets for well-known reasons (at least among people who have researched these competing technologies) and in favor of LCD technology. I then determined what features would be appropriate for my viewing habits (mostly movies), what price I was able to afford and finally, which brand and model to select.  While I checked out the usual suspects (Sony, Samsung, Toshiba, JVC, Sharp, Panasonic) and a few `orphan' brands (Westinghouse, Olevia, Vizio) I finally came down decisively on the Samsung.  There's a very good reason why they've come to dominate the market.I intended to order a particular Samsung model (the LNS 4041D) from Amazon, as they seemed to have the best price, and buyers' feedback on delivery was generally very positive (I had just ordered an Oppo DV-970HD upconverting DVD player from Amazon a week ago and was anxious to get the TV now).  Before ordering, however, I went to both of the big name stores (BB and CC).  BB had that set listed for $1,299, but it was not in stock.  I went to nearby CC, thinking they might have it and match the price.  They did not have it, but had the newer 4051D in stock for...$1,299 (with 2 HDMI connections, 4,000 to 1 contrast ratio and lots more).  I went to purchase it and found that there was a `promotional special' in effect by Samsung, which was an incredible deal.  I bought the LNS-4051D, 40" LCD set, plus custom Firedog wall mounting installation (regular $299), plus high quality wall mounting brackets (regular $204), plus tax for a grand total of $1,156!  Sorry, Amazon.It took about an hour to move my other TV (a 32" JVC, quite heavy), disconnect some components and connect the Oppo (which came with a gold-plated HDMI cord).  Out of the box and connected to standard definition satellite signals, the image wasn't impressive.  However, a few minutes of easy tweaking brought the image closer to that of the JVC.  The high resolution of the Samsung definitely brings out the limitations of standard broadcast signals, but it still looks as good as analog CRTs (especially when changing the picture size to 4:3 ratio).  After viewing regular SD programming for a while, I put into the Oppo the widescreen Steven Spielberg remake of `War of the Worlds', tweaked the settings a bit more and beheld.  Wow.  The upconversion brought the quality of this 480p disc to near HD quality.  The difference between the Samsung and the JVC CRT set was immediate and pronounced.  It was almost like watching the film for the first time.  I then put on `Roxy Music Live from the Apollo'.  With my Yamaha receiver set on DTS and the surround volume cranked up, it nearly blew me into next week.  I've watched that concert several times, but once it was displayed upconverted to the Samsung, it was like being there in person.  Simply stunning.While it remains to be seen what my reaction will be to real HD signals, I can safely assume that it will be even more jubilance (and when prices drop in half, a HD DVD player will be on the menu).  So far, I could not be more pleased with the purchase.  It is also worth noting that the gloss piano black finish makes this unit look like a veritable work of art.  Some have complained about it, probably due to it attracting dust.  This may be true, but included with the set are soft clothes designed for cleaning the bezel and back of the set.  Since my surround speaker system is NHT that are finished in gloss piano black, the whole setup looks fantastic.  After cutting the system off for the night, I just sat there admiring it for a while, before going to bed and dreaming of high definition viewing yet to come.  I am very, very pleased with this great television