2/5/2010 - trouble again. A year ago I had the lcd replaced because the picture would not render. Tech replaced and worked fine until a couple weeks ago. I called Sony 800-222-7669 and told them the picture in the bottom left was cloudy (darker than the rest), the rep didn't say much so I just said I would call the repair shop that replaced it last year. I called ABL Electronics Madison Heights MI 248-588-6663 and related the problem. They told me Sony is aware of an issue with these tv's and they will warrant until 2012! This extension was just issued by Sony very recently and that is probably why the rep did not tell me, since they may not always have the  latest information. Same guy as last year from ABL came today and swapped out the lcd and we're back to normal. I hope everyone having a problem finds out about this so they can get their's covered at no cost.5/5/08 - the tv has shown some dead pixels occasionally. Oddly, they flicker and do not always appear in the same place when watching different programs. Does not always do it. It is not terribly vexing and total number at any given time of appearance is maybe 5 tops. Noticeable in a black background. I think I maybe should have bought a warranty if it becomes intolerable....One other kind of major issue - we can't use a Wii with this tv. It puts out some kind of signal that bothers the pickup for guitar hero. I haven't heard of anyone else describe this problem so don't know if it is common to all Sony's or just this model or what.Original post: I pulled the trigger this morning and anticipated delivery date is 1/29. I guess I'll have to burn a vacation day for that day. Like many, I have been researching for months. All the reviews have really bolstered confidence in my decision. I already purchased from Amazon the Sanus Articulating Mount For 30" To 50" Flat Panel TVs based on reviews. When the tv arrives I will update this review for both tv and mount. I am also getting directv installed Monday 1/21 in preparation for sony delivery. One thing though, the price tonight is about $100 less now than in the morning when I ordered. I also bot the Yamaha RX-V2700 - AV network receiver - 7.1 channel from Amazon so we'll talk about that as well, sometime the first part of Feb after I get everything hooked up.  I just hope I can figure out how to update this review. In the meantime I'm giving this an anticipatory 5 thumbs up.The tv is now mounted on the wall and everything works perfectly. The only thing is, the screws provided with the Sanus are too long or too short. No big deal as I went to my local hardware store and purchased the right length. And as the instructions say, be careful not to put the screws in too far. 2 washers were the ticket. Assembly was easy. Also, when you level the tv, you do not need to loosen the allen screws much more than maybe a quarter turn. It is easy to adjust. For my application, the mount went on a cinder block wall (it runs the length of the house, splitting the basement in half). I used 12" carriage bolts attached to 2x4's for additional stability, bored a hole (using door knob circle cutter for the drywall and a masonry chisel) for cabling and used a perfect fit section of pvc for a clean look. I use DirecTv and the picture is fantastic. I did not tweak any settings as it looks fine out the box. If you use the Sanus mount and only have 2x4 to attach to, I would think you would need to be dead-on center to make sure it is secure. Other than that, the mount is awesome.As for hdmi and optical cable, purchase from Amazon and save yourself a BUNDLE. Also, delivery from Eagle was excellent and happened earlier. Read the discussion forums for Eagle to get some great information.