Have had this TV up and running now for about two years. The wife has to have the TV on shortly after she gets up in the morning and she leaves it on all the while she is home.  The only time the TV ever gets turned off is when she is not home or when she retires for the night.  The picture is still looking as super good as I got it to look after spending the 1st six months we had it playing with all the menu setting choices.  The TV looked fine right out of the box but I thought I could do better.  And that I did. Mission accomplished. But I cheated.  I used to fix all of our TV's even though I was not a professional TV repairman.  However not having a BluRay DVD player yet even to this day, I used my eye and experience to make all of the adjustments instead of a calibration disk and instruments.  The picture on that thing is now as good as I've seen anywhere and far better then most.  Old friends dropping by for the 1st time since we got the TV just freeze in their tracks with their mouth open when they see that TV playing! Their speech trails off to a mumble for the first few minutes and then they can't take their eyes off of the screen.We can get only one TV station here and there is no cable available so we have satellite with HD. I haven't bought a blue ray player yet because all the DVD rental places within 25 miles of us have closed down. My internet connection is very slow so I don't want to screw around with downloading plus would the download be 1080P?Interesting experience with Amazon ordering this TV over the internet. When the delivery truck arrived right on time as expected the driver was apologetic and a little worried.  He had me climb into the truck to inspect the package the TV was packed in.  One corner was heavily crushed in as though the package had been dropped off of the back of a truck landing on one corner. Edges of the package next to the crushed corner were also wrinkled quite noticeably.  The driver said that was the way it had arrived at his place of work and was laying on the loading dock when he first saw it.  He also stressed that I didn't have to accept it in that condition.  I told him that I won't accept it and he seemed relieved.  He immediately got on his cell phone called his company.  He then said that I have nothing to worry about and everything will be taken care of. Three days and an email from Amazon later another truck showed up in our yard with a different driver.  He showed me the package and it looked pristine.  I accepted it and he carried it into our house, unpacked it and him and I mounted it on it's stand. He then fired it up and it looked great on the satellite TV even without HD yet.  We ordered that next and I could never go back!Amazon's customer service is 2nd to none!