I have been researching on and off for almost 6 months trying to find the "perfect" tv that will fit my needs and my pocketbook.  I have reviewed the technical details and the specifications of numerous tvs and had narrowed the search down to the Samsung LN46B630 and the Phillips 47 PFL6704D.  I had decided on the Samsung and went to my local Sam's Club to buy it when the manager of the electronics area, told me they had a rash of returns on the Samsungs over the last month.I had no reason not to switch as both units were at the top of my list, but after making my decision and purchasing the Phillips and using it for 10 days, I know I made the right decision.Arriving home with the TV my wife assisted me in removing it from the box.  This task is made very easy by the clever design of the box.  It is a two person job.  Do not try it by yourself as you are likely to tip it over and damage the TV.  The next day, the Direct TV guy came and installed our dish and hooked up the tv.  He hooked up the tv and couldn't believe the tv didn't appear to need any adjustment right out of the box.  He also couldn't believe how effective the matte screen reduced the amount of reflection nearly to zero.I have only had one LCD TV and that was a 26inch Vizio in my RV.  It seemed to take forever to get that adjusted for acceptable color etc.  The Phillips seemed to need no adjustment so I thought I would wait for a few days before making any adjustments.  The PFL670 is a 120 Hz so one sees no "judder" and its 2 ms response time is so fast you don't have ANY lag time or jerky movements during fast action scenes.  The colors are bright and vivid it kind of reminded me of when I got new glasses my entire world brightened up.  So it is with the Phillips TV.  I have a friend who is a TV tech at a national electronics store coming over tomorrow.  He told me he will be glad to make any adjustments since they don't sell Phillips at his store.  He wants to be able to compare it to the Samsung and other models they do sell.  He was very skeptical that the set would be "IN TUNE" right out of the box.  If possible, I will come back and make additions and corrections to this review when he has completed his "tune up". In summary, my wife and I are both pleased beyond belief that we found a TV that meets all our needs including the lack of reflections by the matte screen.  We wish that all our decisions would work out this well.I want to add, that I don't think it fair that people mark a TV up or down with delivery issues.  The delivery has nothing to do with the product and it's performance.  Delivery is a separate issue.  I rate the Phillips soley on it performance and its specs.  I try to compare it to other products and their specs.  When a product does not meet its specs it should be downgraded in the review.  In the case of this particular Phillips TV, in my opinion, this model meets or exceeds all the specs.  The contrast issue of 50K to 1 with this model is reduced by the matt screen.  If you have a glossy screen you will have a sharper black.  However, with a matte screen and a setting with the potential for reflection, our living room with a walk thru patio door, we were more concerned with reflection than we were with sharper blacks.  After all,  50K is right up there with the best of them regardless of the matte screen.