My review of the 46XBR4:After years of shopping and browsing for a new tv - I finally settled on the 46" XBR4. This is after countless visits to CC and other stores. The samsung 1080p first caught my eye, but then I started to gravitate toward Sony. It's fairly common for people to stop and gaze in wonder at the 40"XBR4 that CC has on display on one of their endcaps (playing a demo blue ray disk).I've had it for a week now and am fascinated with the PQ for the most part. I previously owned a Mitsubishi 60" projection tv, and was pretty happy when I got that, but detested the thought of moving it (this was purchased back when projection tvs weighed 200-300 lbs). Comparitively speaking, the XBR4 is like going from a decent 4x4 pickup truck to a $100k sports car.I do have very minor clouding with minor/moderate flashlighting in the upper corners. The clouding is virtually unnoticeable after applying calibration settings, and with powersave on, but I still notice the flashligting in upperhand corners during certain dark scenes, especially when playing blu ray movies with the small black bar at top and bottom of screen. I have a Dec 07 build according to label on back of tv.I noticed that my HP 20" lcd monitor (I was using for my pc) had major clouding (a solid bar of gray) across top part of the screen when the screen was dark or black. I have researched the clouding issue throughout forums and elsewhere on the net, and have come to the conclusion that this is one of the bugs that could be very difficult for manufacturers to work out, very much like how they've tried to improve the blacks on lcd tv's. It appears to be a problem that happens across brands, and for the people who've noticed these issues - there are too many repeat defects for multiple returns for me to think that a relatively small percentage of the tv's made have these bugs. I believe it could be quite a large percentage, with varying degrees of 'defectiveness', depending on brand, settings, environment, and material being displayed.I don't want to *cloud* over the great features with my rambling of clouding/flashlighting, but I felt this warranted the 4 star rating for picture quality.  I'd have voted it 4.5 if possible, because pic quality is truly excellent for the most part.Blu ray and HD programming look amazing on this tv, as already pointed out by several people. SD is nothing to write home about, though I did notice some improvement after cable company swapped out my digital cable box for an hd box. I'm still peeved that cable company only offers like 4 hd channels in my area.That said, there have been scenes (blu ray or hd tv) that have given me goosebumps while watching this tv. I constantly find myself thinking "Whoa" or "WOW" lolPS3 Gaming is a blast. I was also very impressed with how well my pc looks hooked up to it, but will be getting a better vid card to play microsoft flight simulator. High resolution 8 mp images (taken with my digital rebel xt) are as crisp and beautiful as they were on the 20" monitor I was using - even when blown up to full screen view. It's weird to see my nose hairs blown up this big lol It will be great using photoshop with this tv after I get a better vid card and cpu (to handle the editing).Sound quality is impressive. A sound system is not necessary unless you really want to feel the bass and have true surround sound.  Also am noticing the humming (fan?) in a quiet room with no sound on tv.  This is usually drowned out with my ps3 fan/disk noise.  The tv sound with volume up is more than capable of drowning both out with ease lolI opted for the relatively inexpensive HDMI cables, since I didn't need anything over 6' long.  May try the 4' long Monster cable to see if there's any improvement, but I doubt it's necessary.  I still get a good laugh out of the prices for some of these cables.The features were only given 4 stars due to limited P&P; options.  However, there are a ton of options for calibration/adjustment to the picture.Bottom line...I've decided to keep the tv in spite of the mentioned issues, because I believe the pros by far outweigh the cons. I did get a pretty good deal on the tv after a couple of discounts through CC (not the open box discount-it was brand new).  This tv is well worth buying, and I think I'll be keeping it for quite some time.Many thanks to the folks in here (and on the forums) who have provided invaluable  input and information.