The TC-P50VT25 is the highest end top tier offering from Panasonic for 2010. The TV is 3D ready, has THX certifications, is Skype enabled (camera sold seperately), and contains Panasonic's new NEO PDP (plasma display panel). How do all of these new features and the accompanying picture quality add up?PICTURE QUALITY RATING 91.5/100Calibration Notes: The VT25 was difficult to calibrate and get balanced and obtain a pure D6500K color measurement. This plasma TV calibrated more accurately with the Panel light at the medium setting. However, the medium setting reduced the measured contrast ration to below 1700:1 so we felt it necessary to go through an extensive calibration with the panel light on high.Panansonic VT25 Series Post-Calibration Picture SettingsPicture Mode:  CustomContrast  +85Brightness  +72Color  +48Tint  0Sharpness  0Color Temp  WARM2Processor Testing: For a top tier TV we expected a better processing chip set. There was significant background motion artifacts and noise as well as significant judder jerky effects with objects moving side to side. Though the VT25 scored well in a few categories, we were disappointed overall by what we saw. The artifacts and background noise also came through in the picture as noted below.Picture Quality and Performance: With both HD sources and standard definition content the VT25 produced a very vibrant, colorful, vivid image even after being toned down during our calibration. This TV is like a difficult to control race horse, that doesn't know when and where to focus its energy. The panel light on the VT25 is extremely powerful. The plasma 3D TV has a tendency toward over saturation with tons of light flowing through color information - providing a bright picture. Motion artifacts and background noise are present, more with standard definition programming than with HD.With a standard definition picture we were impressed with how vivid colors were displayed. Darker scenes show up very well due to the exceeding brightness of the light throughput. However, there were visible motion artifacts, flicker and judder effects with much programming and we were not impressed by the processing quality.If you love ramped up oversaturated color reminiscent of movies like The Fifth Element, 300, Kill Bill, Fox Sports Football in your TV picture even sacrificing accuracy and realism, then the VT25 may be the TV for you. Or if you have a large standard definition DVD collection and want to bring some pop to the old movies (and you don't mind extraneous motion artifacts), the VT25 may also be for you.3D TV Viewing: It took us about 20 minutes to get used to wearing the 3D glasses. For one reviewer that wears prescription glasses it took longer and was never really comfortable. In the negative category, we experienced flashing from the glasses when there was room or ambient light present. This was apparently caused by the ambient light interfering with the infrared receiver on the glasses. Turning your head away from the TV can also cuase the glasses to shut off and turn back on again when you look back to the TV. Without other light sources in the room we didn't experience the issue. I enjoyed the experience and the movie (Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs). The big question: Did the 3D movie, TV, and glasses enhance the experience? For me the answer is yes, it did, I felt that it enveloped me in the movie more. 3D TV is all about making the viewer feel more involved in the content and I would agree that it succeeded in that.FEATURES RATING 89.5/100Features: The Viera Cast feature enables Internet options which are a bit limited at the moment to Pandora, Bloomberg, Amazon Video on Demand, Skype, and Picasa. Fox Sports and twitter are supposedly coming soon. Notably, there is no Netflix feature. Skype is a highlight. When we hooked up the Internet options there had already been a software update, so it's good that Panasonic is actively supporting the Internet options feature.There is an important new aspect ratio feature on the VT25 located in the Picture Options section of the menu called HD Size. Setting 1 scans and displays 95% of the input image. Setting 2does the same for 100%. Set to HD size 1 if noise is generated on the edges of the screen.Aesthetic Considerations: Panasonic doesn't appear to have entered the contest when it comes to 2010's TV aesthetics. They answered, "not present," even with their top end entries. The VT25's looks hearken back to yesteryear. The bezel framing is black gloss plastic at 2" on top and 2.25" on the sides giving the TV a large frame with no real design quality. The dark teal color of the screen (when off) contrasts with the black gloss frame in an unappealing manner.Picture Mode Options: There are plenty of preset picture mode options: THX, Game, Custom, Vivid, Standard. We believe our calibrated picture settings above will serve you better than any of these. The THX options serves as the movie mode option but we found it too dark and weak.See the full review, picture settings and test reaults at Plasma TV Buying Guide or the Panasonic vs Samsung 3D TV Shootout at 3D TV Buying Guide