I bought this TV after much searching the internet and in store viewings.  Originally I was looking at LCDs but when you compare how much you end up paying to get a decent refresh rate versus this one's 600Hz, I couldn't come close for the money.  Also I learned that newer plasmas aren't quite as energy hogging as they use to be and the displays tend to last longer than in the past so once those issues had been addressed I chose to go the plasma route.Upon reading another one of the reviews that explained the difference between the 6500 and the 5500, I chose this one.  The TV itself is downright sexy.  Very very thin panel so for those wall mount people this is perfect.  The base is rather large but provides a solid platform and allows the TV to swivel to the left and right without having to move the whole base.  Setup was a cinch, all the inputs are clearly labeled and feel solid.  Upon first turn on it ran through some basic setup screens and I was off.  I had to manually go in and update the software once connected online but that was easy too.When I first connected this I had HD cable service and to be honest I was kind of saddened at the quality.  Even on the HD channels the quality wasn't that great and I was having to change the aspect ratio or zoom all the time.  Then I tried a Bluray and all was 10-fold better.  The picture quality is amazing.  You can go into the menu to change the picture setting or there is a quick "Tools" button on the remote that brings up a small popup to quickly change between Picture Modes: Dynamic, Relax, Movie, Standard.  There is a pretty big difference in the settings but the Dynamic mode provides for a ridiculously vibrant screen.  I actually had to tone down the brightness just a touch on this setting because the whites were too bright.  After a few tweets all was good.  After a couple weeks of disgust with picture quality from my TW cable provider, I switched to Dish and the difference has floored me.  The HD channel quality is like watching a Bluray all the time.  There are even times when the display looks like watching a LED TV.  The other plus is not having to change the aspect and zoom all the time.Audio quality on this set is also out of this world.  There are a good amount of settings you can mess with but honestly I just left those alone because sounds great right out of the box.  It can also get very loud.  I rarely ever go over 25% and that's if I am listening to Pandora through its internet app and I am in another room.  The speakers are on the back so you will want to make sure there is adequate space around it for the sound to reverb out.The only negative comment I will note but is not worth docking it a star is that there is minor pixel retention for approximately 30 seconds if you stay on a screen for a minute or longer.  Say you are cruising the channel guide a little then finally make your selection, you will see the outlines to the guide faintly in the picture but this disappears after about 30 seconds of active screen images.  It really is a minor thing compared to all the greatness this TV has to offer at this price.Lastly I will note the shipping.  Amazon promised to deliver within a five day window upon checkout.  It arrived on the last day of that window via a third party agent but was still only about a week after I ordered.  The driver was somewhat rude over the phone as they were early and I wasn't home yet (threatened to leave if not home in five minutes) but once home the helper was very nice and helped to get the TV inside. The factory box had a small puncture on the face but there is almost 3" of spacing from the box to display so there was no damage to the TV, thankfully.Overall this is a great TV for a great price.  Everyone that I have shown it to has been blown away especially when showing the Dish HD content.  My wife loves watching football on it as the colors are so vibrant and there is no lag when panning across stadium seating as you might get on slower refresh rates.  I highly recommend this TV, you will not be disappointed.