I purchased the LN46A650 in December 08 and it is my first flat panel television.  I currently have an aging Pioneer Elite RPTV in the den/home theater so this Samsung is for the kitchen/family room.Delivery: Overall delivery was very good and set up was ok, although the delivery man told my wife he could not connect it to our cable (Fios HD), only to an antenna.  Since I don't have an antenna he turned it on to static and was then satisfied it was working and left.Initial Impression: When I got home and connected it to the Fios box with HDMI my wife's first words were that it just looks so much more high def than our Pioneer HDTV and I agreed.Physical: I was initially very worried about the red touch of color, but it really is barely noticeable unless there is a back light or a lot of light in the room.  The TV is not too heavy and overall has a very attractive sleek look. It does collect dust on the bezel and stand especially, so dust often.Interface/Controls: The menu system looks very nice and there are an extensive set of controls, but the response could be faster.  The remote control has an innovative scroll wheel, but the response is too slow to make it practical. There are also some controls that would be very nice to have quick access to, such as the AMP function and backlight. Ideally you should be able to save different custom settings and then toggle between them such as for daytime, low light, or sports. You can switch between Dynamic, Standard and Movie, but since only Movie lets you get accurate calibration, it's not as useful as letting you save any custom settings as a preset. The TV is slow to start up and lock onto the HDMI signal - not really a big deal.Performance: I adjusted the TV using values published on CNET and other sites with some minor tweaking. I am versed on calibrating TVs although I do not have test equipment. From a straight on viewing angle the black level is very good and the contrast is outstanding.  The black level actually looks even better during the day when there is more light in the room - looking as dark as the bezel.  In low light the blacks are not as dark as they could be, but better than almost all other LCDs.  The colors are also very accurate and high definition signals really look amazing.  I believe that the type of screen helps with the contrast and black level, but it is reflective.  However, even in my heavily windowed great room in the day the reflections are not that noticeable when watching.Standard definition looks pretty good given the limitations of SD and the incoming signal. The AMP function does its job and I don't see any noticeable artifacts, but it does cause the soap opera effect, making things look like video instead of film.  I usually turn it off except for sports on occasion. One thing I noticed was some scrolling text is sometimes jerky, but that can be resolved using the Film mode setting of Auto 2.Negatives: The only real disappointment I have is with the viewing angle. The picture, while amazing from straight on, starts to degrade even 15-20 degrees off center. The black level rises and the contrast drops so the picture looks like there is a haze over it. I am very suprised about the many reviews here that say the viewing angle is outstanding and there is no loss in picture quality from the sides. While you can still see the picture from even very sharp angles the picture gets considerably washed out. Others who have posted otherwise must not be very critical in their viewing.Wish List: This is an outstanding TV.  There are only a couple requests I have to make it just about perfect:- Better viewing angle without loss of black and contrast- Light sensor to adjust the backlight based on the ambient room light- Ability to preset any configuration and easily switch between them- Direct buttons for adjusting backlight and AMP settings- Even better black levels- Less reflective screen- No touch of color - or the new gray one.