***Would like to provide an update (2/21/12)***It is vitally important to invest in BluRay and/or some other 1080p content delivery for this HDTV, otherwise it will soon not meet your expectations of picture quality. To say this is to state the obvious a bit. Point is, once you've watched true 1080p on the PN51D550 everything else, DVDs and SD content, etc., will disappoint you. I now expect the same HD PQ in everything I watch. I expect the same Sports broadcast (Comcast) or BluRay quality all the time; Most news and other network broadcast shows are mostly broadcast in 720p; certainly this is true for older so called HD productions. Is it because the PN51D550 displays non-1080p content poorly or is it that the true HD picture quality is so good? I don't know. All I can say is that 720P content (and less) will not be acceptable to you anymore. NetFlix and AppleTV will not be good enough. I'm streaming HDX movies from VUDU now and have mostly abandoned Netflix via xbox 360 and iTunes via AppleTV...I'm completely spoiled.Hope this helps.****Okay, now that the title of this review has your attention let me address the single flaw of this beautiful panel TV. It is very reflective of everything in its surroundings while showing dark scenes, and especially when it is OFF. The PN51D550 would make a very effective mirror. It is not suited for bright, sunny rooms or where there's any lighting in its view.  I won't watch Batman or Tron during the day, that's for sure.However, with that said, I still recommend this Samsung.  It produces a beautiful picture once you calibrate the settings - so don't freak out when you first turn it on because the picture will be very dark, whites will look beige (or grey), and the shadow detail horrible.One of the first things I watched first was one of my son's baseball games we videoed in HD on our Apple TV. Plainly said, it was awful--just really bad and immediately sent my son into the garage to get the box so we could return it. Then I found the Dynamic Control setting and set it OFF. Immediately the image quality and colors came to life.You will also need to set Cell Brightness setting up beyond 16 (as well as set high Brightness and Contrast) to get anything close to white rather than a cream color that's miserably masquerading as white. But once you do this you will have the picture quality to be proud of and thoroughly enjoy.The picture quality and beautiful style of the TV is reason enough to give it 4-Stars. The sound is also decent, though not nearly acceptable enough to match the quality and size of the images flowing from the screen. 3D is awesome. Menu is easy to use. Look...I've read hundreds of reviews about all sorts of panel TVs, from the low-end to the highest and most expensive brands. There's seems to always be something that you can find that might not make it perfect. With this TV I haven't seen brightness pops or any other thing that most people comment on plasmas...other than the reflection issue, that is. No buzzing/humming or heat issues. It's not perfect but I love it just the same.How nice is this TV. Well, it is still sitting in our bright family room right now.  We're a working and active family. We're hardly home during the day watching TV. Any other viewing time or room setting you won't have a single complaint about it, especially when you can pick one up for a very reasonable price. If the reflection issue will bother you I strongly advise you not to get it. Otherwise, you will enjoy it immensely.