This is my second HDTV. I was so impressed with my Samsung PN42c450 that I bought last year (in my bedroom), I was trying to get it's big sister, the Samsung PN50c450 (for my living room) for several months before I gave up due to lack of availability. I then went into current mode and decided to go with the big brother and this years model, the Samsung PN51d450 instead. Sometimes, a year difference in similar TV can be a bad thing. I took the chance and I bought this based on my current research & personal needs. I am not sorry I did!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Setting up out of the box was so simple it took me less than 10 minutes this time to get a picture on it. First of all, the way it was boxed was great. All you have to do is undo a couple of plastic releases towards the bottom of the box and the bottom of the box opens and the TV slides out safely. The TV slides onto the stand and the 8 screws went in a bit too easy. A Philips head screwdriver was used to secure the TV to the base with no problem whatsoever. The TV is so light and it lifted easily onto my electric fireplace media center in the corner of my bright livingroom.I hooked up my standard def cable box & old VCR to it through the coaxle input. I added my regular DVD player through the A/V jacks on the VCR (yeah, I know you are not supposed to hook it up that way but it plays fine that way). The TV only has 2 HDMIs (not used by me at this point)--last years model had 3 so this concerned me a bit for future needs, 2 component jacks, one of which shares the composite A/V jacks, PC input & a USB (on the side). As I said this whole process took under 10 minutes from opening the box to watching TV. The standard def picture through the cable box (Verizon FIOS) is so amazing I may never upgrade to a high def cable box. The audio is sensational and goes from 1 to 100. I'm keeping it between 10 & 25 based on outside noise & show source, etc and it feels like we are in a movie theater. Our heads are about 11-12 feet away from the TV. There is no hissing noise we noticed as others did. We are blown away by the quality of the video & sound and there was no need for us to tinker with the settings although there are tons of them should you desire. The remote is easy to use but for the most part we use the cable remote for most features and only use the TV remote for the sleep timer and the source changing.Some very, very, very minor drawbacks. First, only 2 HDMIs. Who knows what the future holds? Second, it only has one composite jack (A/V) that shares one of the 2 component jacks. It should really have one more on the side for convenience sake. Third, beware of very bright rooms & windows as this reflects off the screen and is a little bit distracting. We have a very bright livingroom with the main windows opposite the TV but we really don't notice any glare--guess we got used to it. Fourth, the base does not swival so getting to the back of the TV is not easy once you have it in place. But I can live with these minor inconveniences.This Samsung 51 inch plasma HDTV is worth triple the great $649 price we paid for it. Our friends have bigger TVs and they don't believe we don't have a high def box. Don't believe the 720 dpi knock as you can't notice any difference unless you stand 2 feet away from the TV and who would do that? Go out and get one of these today--you won't be disappointed. You can't beat the quality & price on this thing. Even if it dies in a couple of years, it is still worth it.Pros:Built-in speakers, Bright display, Inexpensive, Realistic color, Lightweight, Easy setup, Great boxingCons:Beware of very bright rooms, No swival base, Needs 1 more a/v jack, May need more HDMIs