Gave this TV four stars but a high four stars after only having the set for a few days.  Have NOT hooked up a Bluray player and to my understanding so far, that's the only source where you will CURRENTLY realize 1080p resolution.  My cable box delivers 1080i and there may not be much of a difference but from what I've seen in the electronics stores, it does make a difference.  Don't get me wrong, the picture on this LG is really nice but because I haven't tried Bluray, I don't see the very, very high detail I do at the stores.  The stores have some TV's that are directly hooked to a Bluray player, thus the fantastic picture.  So if you're thinking about this TV, simply see the picture for yourself in a store with Bluray.Before buying this TV I compared its picture, right next to a Sony and some Samsung's.  Every bit as good and in the case of the Sony, better!  However, I'm disappointed with some of the views I've seen while at home, the biggest being the "distance" views of people's faces--what looks to be about 10 feet or so, away from the face.  Less detail there than when very close up.  Now, that could be my cable connection or the signal coming from my cable box, how the screen was shot, etc.  Close up face pictures are fantastic.This size TV is really nice, a true "home theater" experience and recommended minimum viewing distance from the set is about 8 feet!  Size does matter.  Ha.  Oh, I wanted to mention this.  If you're in the market for a wall mount I priced them at the stores.  "Cir. Sity"= over $500  "Worst Buy"= $350  I ended up getting a mount on "Fleabay", that great on line auction site for about $100!  It's called the "DUAL ARM LCD PLASMA MOUNT 37" 42" 50" 58" 63" SANUS 1" and it is one of the few wall mounts that will fit this TV.  Be careful at the auctions.  Some sellers will tell you their mount will fit but just look at their mount drawing that shows the dimensions.  Must be 400 X 800 mm to work.PROS ON THIS LCD:  Nice picture and even though I've read other reviews on the poorer "black coloring" I've not noticed a problem with that.  Love the "User 1" and "User 2" and other picture quality setting options.  Yes, the settings make a difference when viewing HD or regular TV.  (Access these quickly by sliding the plastic cover on the remote and hitting "Picture"----simple!)  Love the size of the screen and the overall look of the set.  Sound is average and a home theater system with a set like this is really the icing on the cake.  Installation was pretty straight-forward.  You don't have to be a rocket scientist to hook it up. Really like the USB hook up to show your home photos or to listen to your home music.  Like the side mounted USB and S-video access and find the rear access not an inconvenience.  I like being able to hook up my computer to the set too.  This TV does a great job of showing good quality from stations that do not have HD too!  Very nice picture.CONS ON THIS LCD:  Don't like the lessor quality picture in distance views but as mentioned, that could be my cable connection or what the movie was filmed in, better or worse definition, etc.  (Varies with what you are watching)  The information in the manual that comes with the TV is very poor and the on line manual and included C.D. is no better.  It tells what the buttons on the remote are for and how to hook the TV up, etc. but nothing is really explained.  Nothing.  I guess the only way to get more info is to go directly to LG or through an on line forum.I guess the bottom line is---just because it's an HD LCD TV don't expect this or any other HD set to give you a fantastic picture all the time.  Too many factors, such as; what "broadcasters" are filming in, your personal settings, your cable company's set ups, etc.  Do NOT watch the TV with the picture settings that come from the factory!  You must go through all the settings and adjust them to your own eye.  Only then will you get a good picture.But if you're on the line of whether or not to buy, it truly is a home theater and I couldn't recommend it more highly.  That being said, the news said that LCD's should drop in price, by half, by the day after Thanksgiving!  You might want to hold off!  Good luck.  JerryUpdate:  I've watched movies and have determined that the problem with the lessor quality of picture of people, etc., further from the camera or in the background is the result of programs and movies NOT in HD or shot in a lessor resolution.  The picture in HD is nothing less than fantastic!