First of all, I'm not a technical expert on any of LCD/LED/Plasma TVs. I'm planning to buy a LED 3D TV/Plasma 3D TV on the Black Friday. I read very good reviews on Panasonic Plasma 3D TV than an equivalent LED 3D TV. I've not seen a 3D TV yet myself, so myself and my wife decided to go to BestBuy(BB) to check out practically. Even before we went ot BB, I checked couple of my friends and they said I should go for LED and that is the only way and that Plasma is dead and gone soon. We reached BB and went into the 3D center and saw a Sony 60-inch 3D LED TV(don't remember the model # but the cost is close to 4 grand) and Panasonic 54-inch 3d Plasma TV(model # TC-P54VT25 54" 1080p Plasma 3D TV). I told the technician that I wanted to see a 3D demo of the Panasonic Plasma 3D TV. He said the fixed mount 3d glasses are already attached in front of the Panasonic 3d Plasma TV and that I can go and watch the Avatar movie. I watched the movie in 3D and it's exactly like what we watched in the movie theaters and the colors are crisp and the picture quality is superb. My wife then watched it from the fixed mount and she said the 3D quality is superb. I then asked the technician to put the same Avatar 3D movie in the Sony 3D Bluray player attached to the 60-inch Sony 3D TV and asked for 2 pairs of Sony 3D glasses for the Sony 60-inch tv as there was no fixed mount 3D glass in front of the Sony TV. I watched by sitting in the front couch of the Sony TV and found the 3D tv reasonable. The tech asked me to stand up and move sidewards(any side) couple of feet and then there is the ghost image and the loss of the color and 3D effect. I did the same thing on the other side and the same problem existed. Then the tech asked to sit in the middle of the couch(my initial position). He asked me to bend my head any side, again there is the ghost image and the loss of the color and 3D effect. I bent my head the other side and the same problem persisted. Also the 3D quality of Sony is not as good as the Panasonic Plasma TV. At this point I realized that the Pansonic 3D tv has a fixed mount 3D eye glasses in front of it and we are not moving any side and that probably might be the reason for the Pansonic's better 3D picture quality. I immediately asked the tech to bring a pair of Panasonic 3D glasses. He brought them and I wore it now in front of the Panasonic 3D TV with the same Avatar movie playing again. I moved sidewards either side and bent my head either side. The picture was perfect, no ghosting and no change in colors and absolutely the same picture quality as it was when I was standing in front of the fixed mount eye glasess. My wife did exactly what I did and she said she saw the 3D picture without any negative effects. Also the 3D depth in Plasma TV is very natural and the colors are very crisp and this is not the case with Sony LED TV and 3D in Sony looked somewhat artificial.  As a last thing, I asked the tech to remove the 3D features and saw the Avatar in 2D mode and it has still superb picture quality with crisp colors. Coming to the price, Plasma 3D TVs are relatively inexpensive compared to comparable LED 3D TVs. The only reason most people are interested in LED TV is it is new technoogy, LED TV is sleek looking whereas Plasma TVs are little bulkier and that's my guess. As I've not seen all the features of this TV, I would give atleast 4 stars to this TV So, my advice to you guys, first go to a store like BestBuy and do some research before deciding which TV is good for you and just do not strike off Plasma in the first place.