I've had this TV since the middle of June 2009(reaching the 6 month period). Before this TV, I'd never had an HDTV or a TV anywhere near this size either. I am pretty tech savvy but HDTVs were not my specialty. With that being stated, I will give you my experience with this particular HDTV.Since the beginning of 2009, I'd been looking at TVs off and on with the help of "CNET", just google it, and I'd heard that Sony had an impressive line of entry HDTVs. But I put off the thought of buying one until the middle of June. I was fumbling around on BestBuy's website (sorry Amazon, at the time, I found a better price. BTW, its just a product review.) and in the "weekly specials" I found this TV on sale for $1499.99, down from its original price of $1999.99. It was the HDTV that I had favored the most from CNET's reviews, so I made some calls around and none of the stores close had it. I managed to find a store about an hour away that had 2 left, 1 in stock and 1 on display. Drove an hour to check it out and loved it. I added the 3 or 4 year "bring it back no matter what" warranty and after taxes came out to just under $2250, which I paid on the spot in cash, I had not-so-great credit.Brought it home and set it up and it was a beauty. It took about 30-45 minutes for the TV to recognize (it did something to find all the available cable channels) the channels and our first DVD experience was through our Xbox 360 and it was the Dane Cook's HBO comedy special. The show wasn't that greatest thing I'd ever seen BUT the freaking picture was. BTW, the HD cable, Xbox 360, and our Wii look superb on it as well. (Now if I can just get my hands on some Blu-Ray material.)***PROBLEMS***I guess every rose has its thorns (haha, cheesy), well this one has (2) of them, and they aren't really thorns.1st - MOTION FLOW: To my knowledge(I could be wrong), the MotionFlow feature is the HDTV's way of enabling the 120Hz refresh rate, which is AWESOME, BUT you can't just quickly toggle between the 3 options they have for the MotionFlow,(Off, Standard, Full) I mean, you can preview them on the MotionFlow screen, but no quick adjustment feature/button. You have to go into the picture settings every time and slowly make your way to the advanced settings at the bottom of the screen.2nd - When you have the MotionFlow on "Full" there are still parts during whatever you're watching that don't continuously show in that "smooth frame experience". I'm thinking that the 240Hz HDTVs are probably more dedicated to the continuous MotionFlow. It's nothing to cry about.Other than that, the TV is great. The sound is great, it ranges from 0 to 100 and at 60 its good enough for me. Don't get me wrong, I'd go with a home theater system, but for now its nice. The remote is easy to understand and navigate. I would recommend it to anyone else who was in the same shoes that I was in. To say the least...(haha since I wrote a bibles worth of information) I am satisfied.Feel free to ask any questions.