Wacky shipping. Ordered on Sunday, estimated delivery was for Friday. I noticed on the cryptic tracking info that the TV appeared to be at the freight terminal the day after I ordered (Monday). When the status didn't change by Friday, I made some calls tracking down the freight company & found that the TV was indeed just sitting at the terminal, which I found out was less than 3 miles away. I went & picked it up myself. On that next Tuesday (8 days after ordering) the freight carrier called and asked if they could deliver it! Yes, it was free shipping, but I probably could have picked it up the day after ordering it! Now on to the TV itself...Since this is my 1st flat panel TV (plasma or otherwise), I really can't compare it to others, but I am extremely happy with the picture. I used the opinions of other reviewers and consumer reports to settle on this set, and when it comes to bang for the buck, this is truly the sweet spot.Since I don't have other "modern" TV's to compare this set with, the following comments are not meant necessarily as criticism of this particular model or brand, but I find it odd that:1. You have to screw around with the format settings on all of the channels. I am hooked up to Comcast basic cable, and I can get like 90 channels, but they of course all vary in format. One channel might be 480i normal, the next 480i letterbox, the next 720p normal, 720p letterbox, 720p wide 1080i normal, 1080i wide. While the set can sense some of these and adjust accordingly, many others need to be set manually (about 50/50), so that even when it does correctly set to the optimal format, you still have to cycle through all of the format settings to be sure you have the best possible. I have found that even on the same station, the settings vary from program to program, even program to commercial and back, so that if you set it perfectly lets say 2 minutes before the start of what you actually intend to watch, you will have to cycle through the settings once your program starts to make sure you are using the optimal setting for that actual program. Don't even think about setting it during commercials, they vary like crazy. Now I know why I see so many sets left on the full wide setting even when the program material is not meant to be viewed like that. I figure most people just give up and watch stuff unnaturally stretched to fit the screen, rather than screw with the ever changing formats. I'm sorry, but by now you'd think they'd have a way to auto-sense these formats. It's not like this stuff just occurred and they haven't had a chance to adapt.2. You have to manually set the clock. A small thing to be sure, but I have a 10 year old VCR that sets the clock itself. Unless you're gonna use the timer functions, it doesn't matter anyway. But seriously, is this now rocket science? Nothing like modern marvels!3. Non-lit remote. Once again I have a few 10+ year old lighted remotes lying around. What a convenience! Fumble with this remote in the dark, and you'll wish for the good old days too.The following items are set specific (as far as I know)4. A very nice operating manual that somehow doesn't explain what things do. Like the format settings, it explains them, but when you're done reading it, you still can only figure out things by screwing around until you can figure out what they're trying to tell you.5. Deep sub-menus that you'll never figure out (see 4 above). My favorite is menu item is C.A.T.S. Yes, I have a few, but even they're unimpressed. I'm simply  too tired to figure that one out.6. Stupid remote design. Other than being non-lit, it is cluttered with Viera-Link buttons. If you are one of the very few people who actually use Viera-link, yay. For the rest of us, they're just in the way, and when you press one of them by mistake and end up in that useless menu, you will have to start wading through the menus all over again to get back to where you were when you made that fateful mistake.Over all a great TV, and for the price you won't do better. As far as the logic behind the flaws mentioned above, ya gotta wonder, what were they thinking when they did this. Maybe these basic design flaws don't exist in the $2500+ sets, but for that kind of money, I'll never know. If you remember the good old days, you'd bring home a TV, plug it in, hook up the cable, and you were done. If you had to set the color, contrast, etc., you generally only had to do it once and you were good to go. I feel so old...