A little background of my prior television ownership (so you know what my comparisons will be against):1) Samsung 30" SlimFit CRT HDTV since 20062) upgraded to an LG 32" LED LCD HDTV (32LE5300) at the beginning of May, 20113) upgraded to this television at the beginning of December, 2011Pros: This television simply looks amazing when viewing high definition content. The screen is crystal clear and the colors are great.Apparently this TV uses the same panel as the higher end d7000 series and you can actually go into the root menus and change it so that the television thinks it is a d7000 series. This opens up some extra calibration settings that aren't originally available. Of course, it doesn't have the same hardware as a d7000 though (I think that TV has an extra filter for even more improved blacks or something...not exactly sure).I'm not sure really how the TV does it, but the 2D to 3D conversion is actually pretty cool. It's not eye-popping but it's noticeable when turned on. I have yet to actually watch something that is designated for 3D so I can't comment on that just yet.The USB port to view media is a nice feature. It's not the perfect solution though. A designated media player like a Boxee or an HTPC (what I use) is definitely a better choice in terms of visual quality (the exact same file looks better when played through my HTPC compared to directly through the TV's USB port) but if you don't have either of those options, the USB connection is quite capable.I don't know how common it is for TVs these days, but the base that comes with the set rotates which was a nice bonus that I wasn't expecting. I don't have to rotate it very much since my sofa is directly in front of the screen, but I can turn it to the left or right should I want to watch from a different angleCons:The screen is glossy. The trade off for this is better colors but it is very reflective of light so for best viewing experience, curtains should be closed with the lights off. If the room you are putting this TV into has lots of light coming in through windows or whatever, you may want to pass on this TV (but it might not bother you). I only notice reflections when I look for them. Otherwise, I'm too focused on what I'm watching for it to really be a bother.When walking past the TV I can feel a pretty good amount of heat being emitted. Coming from a 32" LED to this 59" plasma makes this noticeable to me but it was to be expected from the little bit of research that I did. If this is a concern of yours, this TV might not be for you.Of course the wattage used for this TV is going to be higher than that of an LED television but considering this TV is probably about half the price of an LED TV with the same specs, it's really a matter of if you want to pay more up front for monthly savingsI haven't gone through the manual yet to figure out how to do it so I haven't been able to view anything at 600Hz. When I turn the TV on, it has a display in the corner that says 1920x1080 @ 60Hz so that's all I've seen so far. I'll figure out how to do it by the Super Bowl to see if that makes the viewing any better.