I have been playing with this TV for one week, the image a color accuracy was great until I notice there is a white halo in the left and right side of the TV. After reading other users and expert reviews, seems like the screen uniformity problem is persistent.I chat with Samsung representative and this is what they told me: Please wait for a Samsung Agent to respond. You are now chatting with 'Dennis'. There will be a brief survey at the end of our chat to share feedback on my performance today. Your Issue ID for this chat is LTK4380954317XDennis: Hi, thanks for reaching out to Samsung tech support. How can I help you today?Visitor: Yes I bought a UN55D8000 TV,Dennis: Okay.Visitor: have a problem with the image, there is a white halo when watching dark scenesDennis: Where is this located on the screen?Visitor: left side (more intense) and right side (less intense), middle (center) looks fineDennis: Is it on the corners that you can notice this?Visitor: no, more like a vertical line from top to bottomVisitor: but is not exactly a line, it's a haloDennis: Please set the TV to Standard or Movie picture mode and lower the backlight to 7.Dennis: Use the TV with this setting for 3 weeks.Dennis: This should go away.Visitor: tell me more why?Dennis: This occurs when the LED screen emits more light.Visitor: are the LED supposed to emit less light after three weeks?Dennis: Using the TV with these settings will eliminate the excess light.Visitor: yes, but it doesn't look good since doesn't have enough lightDennis: Please change the settings and try this for at least 2 weeks.Visitor: can't understand why 2-3 weeks? what happen after? can I go back and use whatever setting I want?Dennis: Yes, you can change the settings after two to three weeks.Visitor: Ok, just to let you know, I will post this in Amazon ratings, if this is not a fix I will say so... Samsung doesn't say this to customer when sell the TV and this seems to be a problem with the design of the TV itself...Dennis: These are the troubleshooting steps that we can try for this issue.Dennis: We are not suggesting you to use the TV with these settings for ever.Visitor: Ok, I will try...thanks.I will try and let you know, although I'm considering returning it given this is a very pricey TV...UPDATE: Here is an update on the troubleshooting suggested by Samsung on screen uniformity...I don't see material improvement using the setting that Samsung's representative suggested, and honestly don't think it will make any difference (or at least I do not understand why would be better just changing the setting temporarily). I could wait another week but don't have more time to wait before having my window to return... so I have finally decided to return it since the white halo doesn't go away and this TV is just too expensive to have this type of problem... if this TV would be $1500 or less, I would keep it for sure.To be very balance in my review, still think the colors are great and the exterior design of the TV is the best I have ever seen, but it seems like this great exterior design is the one creating the screen uniformity due to the thin bezel...I have also notice two additional minor issues with this TV, motion blur issues on fast pace scenes and the remote control range which is relatively short (8 feet or so).So I'm switching to a recently announced Samsung PND8000 which is supposed to be top rated plasma... same interface and remote control than the UND8000, I will write a review once I get the chance to play with it...