First off this LG has great features for the Price, This was my first LG purchase having been a Sony, Panasonic, Philips and Samsung purchaser of past TVs.  Originally I had been focusing on a Panasonic set, but they discontinued that model and the replacement exceeded the 36 inch cabinet I have to work with.  Thanks LG the set fit like a glove!  Out of the box set-up was simple, just 8 screws to set the base to the LED/LCD set... this set-up is not as simple or versitile as experienced with my Samsung models but is still easy for anyone to do.  One other area where LG can improve is  Samsungs always come with an easy idiot-proof set-up sheet, while the enclosed 30 page manual you have to leaf through to ensure proper set-up... hope LG is listening. LG does provide a DVD with more instructions, the paper manual ends with putting the unit together and hooking it up. The LG is a very generic looking set, another area where Samsung appears to have an upper hand with their touch of color etc... but for the $599 price tag I have little to complain about. The set comes with 3 HDMI connections which is really great and purhaps a bit of an over-kill, Once assembled hook-up was a simple task.  I didn't bother reviewing the DVD and the initial set-up of the TV was intuitive thus a relative breeze.  After the initial set-up I went into each Menu item and adjusted each category to my liking.  This is an area I give a thumbs up to LG over Samsung, I feel it offers more choices.  I would agree with other reviewers, the basic sound from the system is very average, I find myself constantly raising the volume on shows I'm watching to relatively high levels.  The 6 year old Samsung this set replaced rocked in this area.  The other feature I prefer on the Samsung over the LG is when I'm switching video sources.  The Samsung you just hit the source button and it cycled through the availiable options automatically.  The LG you have to choose the source (menu comes up)you want to see and hit enter...it's not a deal breaker but the Samsung is just simplier.  Having this TV just one day I find the picture to be great, although it's hard to see much the difference between the canned choices... one thing for me to follow is whether this set maintains the settings you put in the system.  I did go back in a few times and found the setting I had established mysteriously changed.  On one occassion I though t this might be due to the change in input source from my cable box to the Blue Ray player, if this is the issue that may not be so bad thing. Overall I htink I'm going to be real happy with this set, Samsung Sony Sharp and Philips offer few 37 inch sets today focusing on slightly larger so I guess they will lose a few customers like myself who want the largest possible screen in a relatively tight configuration