BACKGROUND INFO:I am an extremely picky perfectionist with a degree in computer science that is especially picky about TV/computer screens. I have also owned this TV for about 3 months and am very happy with it!I don't like to watch TV, commercials, or any other such nonsense. Therefore, I do not have regular network TV of any kind. Instead I use this TV in conjunction with a media center computer (temporarily a laptop).In my opinion, computer screens usually feature a higher level of sharpness and quality than ordinary TVs. I therefore was looking for a TV that was basically a big computer screen. I looked at many many brands and ended up settling on Samsung. They seemed to offer the highest degree of sharpness, best color, and most inputs over any other brand. And compared with the rest of Samsung's lineup (January 2008), this TV offered the best picture at the best price.SHARPNESS / RESOLUTION 10/10:This is the FIRST TV I have ever seen that meets my standards in terms of text quality and sharpness to pass as a computer monitor. At 1920x1080 text is very difficult to read for most people. To operate my computer I set the text DPI to 200dpi. This makes all the text and icons much larger while still running at 1920x1080. I am sitting about 10 feet away from the TV and it looks great. Additionally, HD content looks amazing but non-HD content doesn't look horrible like on some TVs. This may be because I am using a computer so upconverting is performed very well.COLOR / CONTRAST 9/10:The colors on this TV are very vibrant without being overpowering. Also, a few days before I received this TV, I had borrowed a budget LCD screen from a friend. I noticed a slight graininess in the color quality. This is NOT present on this LCD. The screen is also very bright and fairly evenly lit. No dead pixels that I could notice. Also, the dynamic contrast setting sometimes doesn't catch people's faces in low light. There are times when the screen actually seems a tad bit dark. This usually isn't a problem though.SOUND 5/10:Sound is certainly decent, but I am not particularly impressed either. I have seen 32 inch LCDs from other brands that had significantly stronger speakers. However, for general use, the speakers definitely do their job.INPUTS 10/10:I do not have the hardware to try every possible input on this TV, but the ones I have tried seem to perform very well. I am currently using a laptop computer with a stereo mini cable for audio and a 6ft analog VGA cable for video and computer. Honestly, the VGA seems to be the best! When I connected a computer using DVI (DVI to HDMI), the image was almost over-sharpened. Text became difficult to read and things seemed a little washed out. However, after some tweaking I got the DVI connection to look very nice. The standard composite inputs seem to do very well, and connecting an Xbox 360 at 1080p is a blast.MENU / FIRMWARE 5/10:The menus of the TV seem fairly complete. Not much to complain about other than the rather slow performance. The menu is laggy enough that I sometimes end up impatiently pressing a button multiple times and then it takes me a relatively long time to undo that action or get back to where I was. With such sophisticated technology, how much extra would it cost to get a super-fast overlay menu system? Doesn't seem like it should be an issue.CONSTRUCTION 10/10:The overall design of this TV is pretty good. It looks fantastic, and feels reasonably sturdy. It definitely wouldn't hold up to too much of a beating, but I am very careful with my electronics and I imagine the TV will last for years to come.OTHER RECOMMENDATIONS:If you plan to use this TV with a computer, I would recommend a Logitech's VX Nano laser mouse and MediaBoard Pro with a Bluetooth adapter. I set that up, and it all works really well.PROS:Looks, construction, inputs, sharpness and image qualityCONS:Sound, laggy menu, oversharpening HDMI from DVI sources, contrast in low lightingBOTTOM LINE:If you want a sharp, color-accurate, large, high-resolution, amazing 1080p TV at an affordable price, look no further.