This is a great TV, and I'm keeping this one. It started right after Thanksgiving, when I decided to chuck the old SONY 27" CRT. I asked my knowledgable technocrat at the IT department at the college where I teach digital imaging. Distilled down, he said "get an LED LCD, make sure it's an IPS screen" After a search, the LG 37 seemed to fit the bill. Hey it's 10"s bigger than the old CRT, and Hi def too! Ordered one up and unpacked and set it up with no problem, though I did want to run the sound through my old Sansui stereo system. I chose a GefenTV GTV-DD-2-AA Digital to Analog Decoder GTV-DD-2-AA to convert the Optical audio out of the TV to L/R RCA stereo signals. The resulting audio is hot but totally manageable and quite good. Now the bad part. The TV worked great with bright scenes, though the optimal angle of view was narrow. When the scenes went into night or overall dark, light bluish splotches were evident in the corners and the middle. I lived with it for a week, and finally decided that I didn't want to live with this flaw. Amazon readily agreed to send me another at no charge for delivery or return. At first, the replacement was scheduled for Jan 5th, but the next set came in about a week. Amazon was offering great but slightly confusing customer service. The set was unpacked and setup, and the first TV sent back. Then I noticed that there was a lottery going on. I read reviews about the set here on Amazon, and then I checked the code on my replacement set. Sad to say It was a D set. Not IPS. Oh well, if it didn't have the splotchy dark screen display, I would keep it.... but upon setup, this one displayed the problem too. Not as bad, but easy to see, and distracting when viewing content with dark scenes. So, back it went too. I requested an IPS screen, and Customer service (second tier) said that they couldn't guarantee a W set (IPS) but felt that because the replacement set was coming from a new source it likely was to have an IPS screen. While waiting, Amazon sent an eMail saying that due to the magnitude of the problems with this set, they could only offer a refund and that I should return the set. The next day I got confirmation that the replacement was on its way! So I guess this set made it under the wire for the panel lottery described in earlier posts. Well, two days before Christmas, the set came, and It's a beaut! I am very pleased with this IPS set. Great color, and even black screen in the dark scenes. I bet when Amazon sorts out the distribution, it will be a best seller. While the process of getting an IPS set was harder than it should have been, I am happy with the results. As usual, Amazon took care of my purchase, and I finally got a great TV. One tip for making the set look great is to turn down the backlight to something like 35. The blacks look much better than what the default value produced. Great product! (with the IPS screen!!!)