This is an excellent LCD HDTV to buy.  I did a lot of research before deciding upon the Sharp Aquos LC46D92U.  The two determining things were: quality and price.  There was little doubt after reading many reviews that the Sony Bravia 46XBR4 was the best TV to buy, as far as quality is concerned.  It, however, costs more than $500 more than the Sharp.The next best TV after Sony is Samsung.  Once again, picture quality is high.  However, Samsung has a problem with its reflective screen.  My family room has lots of windows, so I had to rule out the Samsung.The Sharp had a few excellent things going for it.  The 15,000 to one contrast ratio, the 4-millisecond pixel response time, 120 Hz frame rate conversion, and the small footprint of the TV.  Also, the blacks are supposed to look like blacks on the picture.The big negative about the Sharp TV was that some people, including CNET, said that they saw some banding with Sharp TV's.  The positive was that many people said they did not see any banding at all with this model.  Also CNET makes this negative statement:  "Sharp also adds a 120 Hz frame rate conversion mode to the spec sheet, which is not the same as a true 120 Hz refresh rate." Whatever that means.  Also, some people said that the 120 Hz rate is not that noticeable.I bought my Sharp from Amazon for $2,000, including shipping.  It was shipped by Electronics Expo.  The first problem was with the shipping -- there was no tracking mechanism available by Electronics Expo.  They give me a window of about five days when it might arrive.  After calling their office, they said that they usually call the day before and give us a time for delivery.Electronics Expo called the day before to say they were delivering the next day.  It was a Wednesday and fortunately my wife was off work that day.  However, the best the shipping company could give us was a time from sometime between 9:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m.  They said if we wanted they could call an hour before they were to deliver.  However, they also said that if no one answered the phone when they called, the TV would not be delivered.  They did call that Wednesday at 4:00 p.m. and delivered at 5:00 p.m.  They did do an "into the threshold delivery."When my wife and I examined the box everything looked to be in good shape.  The first thing we noticed that assembly was needed on both the speakers and the base. It took us about 20 minutes to figure out how to do this.  It does take two people to do the assembly.I have Comcast digital cable, and the picture is spectacular, even though it is at 1080i because of Comcast's limitations.  There is no banding.  Even regular TV looks acceptable.  The sound is just adequate, but I have the TV hooked up to my home theater and am enjoying digital surround sound on high definition stations.  I do notice that some stations are louder than other stations.We had the Sharp TV for almost a month now, without any problems.  By the way, we signed up for the Sharp Advantage Club at no cost and received three additional months of warranty for the Sharp TV.Also, I found a Sony remote for $23 that takes over all the TV functions, as well as the functions for the cable box, DVD player, and home theater receiver.