I purchased this televison yesterday and was major disappointed due to the fact that the screen was broken in 2 or 3 places.  The reason was due to the fact that, no one told the consumer to never lay this tv flat. It must be kept in an upright position during and after transport.  Although ours had never been laid on its side, but was picked up that way.  We took it back and the salesman at Sams Club told us that whomever brought the television out to us in the store, should have had it upright.  If the television is laid on its side or laid flat, it has some type of gas and the gas is very heavy and that is what will cause the screen to break.I have found out from doing the reviews prior to purchase that quite a few people had experienced broken screens right out of the box.  It states it on the box, but Panasonic needs to put this extremely important information directly on the front and top of the box in huge bold letters to avoid this problem.  Other than that, this television is very easy to setup and operate.  The picture quality is bold and up front and in your face beautiful to see.  We purchased the 720p and we also saw the 1080p in the store side by side, and there is very minor difference in the two, except the 1080p has a little bit more of a sharper color.  I was told that when you purchase or if you have an HD receiver and the cord with the gold end, you get the exact same picture as the 1080p.  My sister has a 32 inch Panasonic Viera, and before she hooked it to her HD receiver, she still had a dynamite picture, but when she hooked it to her HD receiver, it was mad with color and clarity and features. She said she could see pock marks and freckles in peoples faces.  That is how clear this tv shows clarity.The one thing that I am glad this television didn't have that my RCA HDTV had was, the Convergence feature.  The RCA Convergence had us having to have it repaired every year after the 2nd year.  The cost of repair was $200 plus, and that is the reason I kicked my RCA out of my bedroom and soon to be leaving the house.I will be a Panasonic fan now, and RCA can forget about me and my husband as buyers of anymore of their products.  This Panasonic is worth every penny, which wasn't much.  I purchased mine on Sams Club web site and used the Click and Pull feature and was given the online price of $797.00 and I went to the store and paid there.  The in store price at Sams for this same tv is $1198.00.The Panasonic Viera 50 inch with 720p which is the pixels, is alright with me and I will be buying more tv's for other rooms in my home.  I didn't know how good watching tv was, and I didn't know all this time, that I had been watching a dead tv until I got my Panasonic Plasma.Buy this tv and you won't be sorry, and the sound is amazing and the features are too numerous to tell you here.