I was so excited to get this new TV, but unfortunately, I've experienced nothing but problems and I just purchased it yesterday (not on Amazon, but at Walmart).I was able to work through setup using the QWERTY remote, but even though the television found my WiFi connection and I used the correct security password, it was not able to connect after many minutes of waiting.  Tried this about three times, and still no connection.  Upgraded firmware, reset router, tried again.  The television sees my network, but just can't connect.After I tried a fourth time, the remote control died!!  I called customer support at Vizio and I will say that they were terrific.  We worked through every possible fix, including taking the batteries out, pressing every button once, putting the batteries back in.  Nothing.  Then we tried pressing a series of buttons on the QWERTY side of the remote.  Nothing.  Tech rep had me use a digital camera to see if we could see the infrared signal.  That fix was kind of cool!  We could see it through the digital camera, and then it would go away.  It would work, then it wouldn't.  Finally, the tech rep decided to send me a new remote control via mail.  I should receive it in three to five business days and I'll come back to edit my review at that time.I'm so disappointed.  The TV is absolutely beautiful, and I can access 3D content using the side panel buttons, but I'm not going to keep the television if the remote doesn't work and I can't connect to the internet.UPDATE: Received the new remote control direct from Vizio, and it works!  So that's the good news.  Bad news?  Still won't connect to the internet.UPDATE 2 - June 12, 2012: Well, my problems are solved!  I took the advice of commenter Arsynic below and replaced my old dinosaur of a router with a new Wireless N compatible router and was able to connect the Vizio TV effortlessly!  So, after several weeks of hassles (having the remote replaced by Vizio; having to purchase a new router) I am finally satisfied with this TV.  I don't feel right to change my initial 1-Star rating since the TV provided far more hassle than expected out of the box, but with a little effort and patience I was able to resolve the problems.  As long as you get a remote that works, and you have a newer router, you'll probably love this TV.  The picture is gorgeous and the 3D is fun!!  Good luck to all and thanks especially to all the commenters here who helped me resolve my problems far better than contacting Vizio Customer Service!!UPDATE 3 - February 19, 2013: I see many commenters disagree with my decision to keep my initial rating of One Star after replacing my router and solving the Smart TV connectivity problem. That's fine; if you've had a better experience I'm thrilled for you, but  please understand I've been nothing but honest and wrote/updated my review simply out of concern for anyone looking to purchase this product and have written my review in complete honesty. I did want to update to let everyone know that my second remote control has now died and Vizio won't replace it. It will cost over $65.00 to have the remote replaced, less than one year from original purchase! Vizio remotes have been a problem for years, it's certainly not just me. So, sigh. I stick by my One Star rating and hope my review is helpful whether one agrees with it or not.