I gave this four stars because This TV has a nice picture and some of the features work. If I gave it a rating on internet connectivity I would give it only one star though. (note: see also the update I wrote at the end of this review)I'm having a problem with (and apparently I am not alone) the "Internet@TV" feature. One of the main features I purchased this model for is the internet application features. There are two types of internet features on this series of Samsung LED TV: One is called "Widgets" which gives some very limited internet content and it does work on my setup and communicates via the internet ok, the other feature is called "Internet@TV" which presumably gives all the advertised but missing functionality I was looking forward to. Internet@TV does not work with my setup even though my Widgets communicate on the internet fine, I can even go online to shop for, purchase, download and watch videos with my Widgets. I purchased,downloaded and watched one of my favorite shows "Whale Wars" the most recent episode. I know for a fact that my internet connection is communicating with the TV with the Widgets.After many hours of trial and error with configuration changes, firmware updates (that was a time-consuming problem as well as Samsung's website url for support files also has problems and also the TV will not do an update online) and unfruitful chats with Samsung techs I did extensive research online and found the problem I am having is a common and known problem with no apparent solution from Samsung at this time.The common complaint is that people who use Verizon as their internet provider are the ones who have the most problem with the Internet@TV feature not functioning and with being able to download support files like firmware updates via Verizon not only via the TV but even when using a PC to try to do so.As a tip for anyone using Verizon as their ISP who wants to try to update their firmware via a PC and USB drive: when you get the link for the download from Samsungs Support website erase the "org." part at the very beginning of the link and try the link... it worked for me, I was then able to download, manuals and firmware with no problem. For example this edited link works for me for the firmware update  [...] well I tried to help with the link but it was apparently deleted and not allowed here.I'm writing this review to warn and inform that this is a concern and that the amount of time that others may waste on trying to get this Internet@TV feature to work with certain ISP such as Verizon or to get Samsung tech support on this issue will likely be be excessive and fruitless.I'm very aggravated by this as most of the advertised features for internet connectivity that I was counting on DO NOT WORK. I would say, as a conservative estimate, I have spent at least 20 hours on this problem and am no closer to resolving it. I am now waiting for Samsung "Tier 3" support to return my call.... someday. They agree something is wrong but that my network/internet appears to be operating OK. One of their experts is supposed to call me back..... probably, possibly? maybe? Seemed pretty noncommittal to me. They said if I don't hear from anyone then I can try to call back someday. I never heard back from Samsung "Tier 3" or any other Samsung "tier". Samsung "tier 2" told me all I can do is to call Verizon and tell them they are blocking my access to Samsung's domain and Samsung Internet@TV. I've tried to get help with Verizon but gave up on after trying for a couple of hours with their tech support. I can imagine that Verizon will likely blame it on Samsung anyway.You have been warned! If you buy one of these Samsungs for the internet features and especially if you use Verizon as your ISP... you better keep your box and packaging and make sure you are willing and able to return the unit for another brand or model that will work correctly.If I have any success on this problem I will plan to amend my review here to reflect that in the future.update 8/4/2010: I am amending my review now, my internet@tv function is now working. I did nothing at all to my setup, tv or dsl modem configuration and it started on its own one day. It did a bunch of internet@tv updates automatically and it is working properly now. Samsung Tier 3 support never contacted me though. I'm leaving one star off because of that and the related hassle I went through trying to get it to work and attempting to get support to resolve the problem.