I used to sell electronics a few years back when I was working my way through college and it is amazing how inept the majority of salespeople are in the retail environment.  For the most part, if the TV does not offer a high percentage commission you can bet that the salesperson knows diddly about the product.  There are however a few people who take pride in their work and do there best to fulfill the needs of the customer.  But sometimes you have to do some research and footwork for yourself if you want to save some cash.  Case in point the "no name"  Olevia HDTV (ready) by Syntax.  I did a lot of research both online and in-stores before deciding to go with the Olevia.  Originally I was skeptical of a brand I did not know, but after some research I learned that the LCD panel is actually produced by Phillips, now Phillips/Maganavox.  My old Tv is a 14 year old 32 in Magnavox console.  So if this Olevia lasts even half as long as the Magnavox then I am one happy camper.  Despite what the saleperson told me the TV is capable of True HD, has PIP, and very easy hookup.  I was disapointed with the picture at the store, and the sign on the TV did not mention HD ( or any of the great features on this set).  The salesman told me "no that ain't HD", he turned pointed to the bright crisp picture on a very expensive Sharp Aquos and said, "that's HD".  If I had not already done the reseasrch I would have believed the salesman and thought  the TV was just EDTV (Enhanced Definition-one step down from HD).  It really pays to know what your looking at when you are preparing to make such a large luxury item purchase.  If you did not have time to research a specific TV at home you might benefit from asking a salesperson to see the companies product description booklet(not all store have this, I know SEARS does), this is usually kept near the register and will have everything from dimesions to (most if not all of the) special features of the set.  Believe me, it was not just PRICE that swayed my to the Olevia, I also chose the TV because of the picture quality.  BE AWARE!  At retail stores very often the expensive TV's are hooked up directly to a high quality signal while the more economical models are hooked up on a split feed which has a weak signal and therefore a poor picture quality.  ALWAYS ask to see the TV through a Component hookup directly off of a DVD player or HD source.  You will be astonished at how much clearer the picture is vs. the split feed most sets have in store.  This is exactly what I did when testing my Olevia, and I would say the picture is 85% to 90% of the Sharp Aquos at around half the price.  It really is a fantastic Television at a great price.  And once I got the TV home I was able to tweak the settings and got the picture even clearer!Be careful, take the time to test TV's with the proper cable hookups, if a salesperson refuses to help you talk to a manager.  Satisfying the needs of the customer is their job, don't let a poor salesperson keep you from getting a deal or the treatment you desreve!