Summary: Excellent colour and other picture qualities. Basic setup quite a breeze. Amazon's in-home delivery truly outstanding. Sound struggling to keep up even at moderate volumes. Very basic remote.This is our second flat-panel television. The first one - also a plasma display - is a Pioneer Kuro and it is still outstanding and a league apart. In fact, many of my comments below will use the Pioneer Kuro as the reference. Since Pioneer discontinued its consumer-oriented plasma panels several years ago, Panasonic has successfully picked up the mantle and stepped up to the challenge as an able successor. These days, despite the advances in LCD and LED-lit LCD technologies, it is still quite hard to beat the picture quality of a plasma at a comparable price point using an LCD or an LED-lit LCD.This model - in the Panasonic ST30 series - is no exception. There are some gripes, e.g., sound quality and remote functionality could be better. The sound, in particular, is borderline awful. Even with sound effects for better low-end turned on, the small speakers are demonstrably no match for even the regular television programming sound. The user should channel the sound through a home theatre system to properly enjoy content. The remote is really bare-bones. The television being a smart TV, the remote could definitely benefit from a QWERTY keypad. Typing letters via the on-screen menu can be a pain.But, as long as the user knows how to calibrate the display properly, the overall picture quality actually comes very close to the Pioneer Kuro. The main caveat in the last sentence is about knowing how to calibrate. The television has quite a few calibration parameters that the user can tweak. A pro can make the most sense out of it, but I wish there were some on-screen explanation, if not an actual before-and-after side-by-side display of how the picture would change when the user would modify one or more of those settings. This I found to be a very useful feature on the Pioneer Kuro.So, off to the pros. CNet is a great resource. Google or search for calibration parameters and chances are that the average user will be able to locate a set of calibration settings that may actually work very well on the display. I did that and the effect was awesome. As I noted, the picture quality is now very close to Pioneer Kuro.Which brings me to the other point of default factory settings. One good thing about the Pioneer Kuro - not the Elite Pro model - is that even though it does not come with all those tweaks, the default settings are actually quite excellent. That mostly mitigates the hassle of doing this trial-and-error thing with the multitude of calibration parameters. I wish Panasonic did the calibration themselves - hey if CNet can do it so can Panasonic I suppose - and used those as the default factory settings.Regarding the picture I have only two issues, both of which are more than eliminated by way of proper calibration and settings. But, issues they are nonetheless. First one is with the 48 Hz (extrapolated) frame refresh rate. This is an eyesore and actually can give you a headache as it does not seem to work the way it sounds to be. When engaged, this mode causes excessive jitter, as I noticed on television broadcasts showing 2:3 pulled up 1080p/24 material such as movies. In fact it looks like the actual frame rate is far below even 24 fps, although closer inspection reveals that it is not the case. The issue appears to be more related to high-rate brighness fluctuation than a low frame-rate of display, but I could be wrong. All in all, 48 Hz makes the television pretty much unwatchable. The good and redeeming thing is that regular 3:2 pulldown, e.g., with movies broadcast on television, works flawlessly. The latter is, by the way, what the calibration settings that I used recommend, so this is no longer an issue for me. In comparison, Pioneer Kuro's "Advance" mode, which , I think engages a 72 Hz extrapolated refresh rate, does a wonderful job in my opinion (even though I am sure many picture purists may actually find that statement appalling).The second issue is with the setting for panel brightness. I noticed that there are decidely some shadow detail, colour saturation and colour balance lost when going down from high to mid to low brightness settings. High setting, along with the other calibration parameters that I used gave me the most accurate colours with adequate shadow details, even though mid setting was not all that bad.In all other respects, including reproduction of HD material - 480p through 1080p, the set does wonderfully. Upconversion to the native 1080p is excellent, even for good old 480i material from analogue channels and sources. The set also comes with a USB-tethered dongle that can connect the television to the home WiFi network. Setting this up was quite easy - plug and play - except for the pain to type in the WEP password to access our home WiFi using the basic remote. I have noticed only one instance where the television seemed to require reestablishment of the WiFi link, i.e., by going through the setup menu, but that could be a temporary issue with our home WiFi router. Streaming movies from Netflix at HD quality was without any buffering or interruption, and pretty much flawless, except for one minor point: the colour setting appears to require a higher setting when streaming movies from Netflix than, say, when watching regular television or a DVD/Blu-ray disk.I am still waiting for my 3D glasses to be delivered, so have not yet had a chance to inspect the 3D qualities of this set.