SEE IT FOR YOURSELF - Video Review Link:  [...]The TV is less than two weeks old.  I knew that I saw lines late one night when I turned the TV off.  At exactly one week, the TV started up with neon yellow vertical lines.  They distort the picture on the right hand side of the TV.  They take up to 30 minutes to disappear.  I have reset the TV.  I have tried to turn the 3D on and off.  Nothing make the lines go away.  When they go off on their own, they come back on.  Sometimes you cannot select items using the remote.  I don't think it's the remote but it's the TV.  I made a video review.  I really hope someone from VISIO will watch the video and contact me.  My first VISIO TV was a Gallavia and it was spectacular.  A ladder fell in it an my extended warranty did not cover the damage.  So, I was sold on Visio but not extended warranties.  I was promised the moon when I bought the TV from Sams.I am hoping THIS WAS JUST A BUM TV.  At least, I intend to exchange it for another one just like it.  I have not had problems with buttons on the remote that are hard to press.  However, certain things cannot be selected with the remote.  Then like the stripes in the TV disappear, you can select something that was previously non-selectable.  The guide worked on the first day.  Then it became the same as the info button.  That guide was awesome.  WHAT A SHAME!!!!!!  This is because I loved this TV on week one.  I bought a slew of movies.  I even used VUDU for streaming 3D movies.  I loved the TV almost more than my first born.  The apps are the best collection that I have seen.  Just watch my video and see it for yourself.  I would like to note that I had the TV on for a while trying to make the video and that is why the lines went away so fast.  They normally take up to 30 minutes to go away.  They stay off for about two hours and then they come back on and stay on until you turn the TV off.  Tonight there was a problem with the sound.  I was trying to figure that one out.  Couldn't figure it out.  So, I cut the TV off.  So the TV was warmed up before I made the video.  I will post the video at Amazon, Walmart, and Youtube. Please know that I will talk before I cut the TV on so the video starts off dark.UPDATE - I returned the TV last night and exchanged it for another one just like it.  I set the TV and four apps (netflix, hulu, amazon prime, and vudu).  The set up was about thirty minutes total.  Soooo much better and user friendly - as compared to the PS3 and XBOX 360.  MY GUIDE BUTTON WORKED AGAIN!!!!!  If you don't have cable (like me) that guide is awesome.  Then I went to sleep, turned the TV back on and it said it had updated.  THE GUIDE WAS GONE!!!!!  The size of the picture changed.  I don't know what VISIO is doing - Yes, you can't stop the updates.  I'll have to research that one. Now, I remember that the problem started after the update.The bottom line is the jury is still out.  The thing to know is that this TV is fantastic for the price.  I read so many reviews about things with this TV.  Regarding negative ones (like mine), I think I really get it.  This TV is priced low and an LCD (not LED).  So it's not supposed to be thin and light weight.  The remote is really good.  I don't doubt that many reviews have to push buttons really hard but I've had two and they are like a normal remote (not like a touch screen).  The querty keyboard is awesome.  You will not find many of the features on more expensive models or other brands.  I researched TVs and I could have afforded to spend more on a TV, but this one had the features I really want: apps (netflix, hulu, vudu, blockbuster, and amazon prime), passive 3D (inexpensive glasses), built in 3D (better than 3D ready), three types of 3D (horizontal, vertical, and sensio).  Now defects in manufacturing will negate everything I just wrote about.  I really want this TV to work long term.  I have 8 televisions (all are LCD or LED).  Only one has been temperamental and that was after five years of ownership. The fact that the TV was not working properly within two weeks of purchase is a serious thing with me despite how I really like what it offers.  If there is another problem, I will not get another TV like this one.PRICE:  This time I bought the TV for $713 ($648 + tax) and $65 for a two year extended warranty.  Now, Amazon is really where you should get this TV and where I wish I would have gotten it.  It is $629 and you could get the four square warranty for (four yrs) for $99.  That would be a real savings.  I decided to go to Walmart because I just haven't ever bought anything like that online and I wanted 90 day return window.