Sharp dispatched service company and contracted for a Thursday repair. The repair shop called the next day Wed an stated they had to order parts. They would cancel and reschedule when  the parts came in. 7PM service tech called to confirm Thursday AM appointment. I asked of they had gotten the parts already and he stated yes. 30 minutes later the same service repair tech called back and indicated the parts were for a different customer and that my parts would take up to a week to get. On Sunday, I returned the TV out of box to Costco for a full no hassel refund. Took the money + $400 and bought a Panasonic 60 inch GT30  Plasma that after 2 weeks I am very happy with. Especially like the texturing, depth of color and motion. This is my 3rd Panasonic Plasma in 6 years and I still use all the 37" 50" and now 60" sof far never an issue and always pleased.Time to drop to 1 star from 3 stars. This morning just 2 weeks into ownership, tv fails to power on, flashing code on led of 2 fast 2 slow repetatively. Will see and give feedback on Sharp support. I hear they dispatch repair people to the house. This TV now meets my Criteria of if it breaks, I will never buy another Product from them.Bought the Sharp 60 inch 633 from Costco after some reviews and watching it in store. For me, I should have stayed with a Plasma. I have yet to find a quality picture setting as skin tones vary widely from a flat pale to a clayish to a red splotched and lip colors can appear to be very pinkish and not natural at times(even on men). Maybe this is just from having a large screen and they really are using lip coloring in the filming?  I have tried several color settings that were online recomendations and have yet to find a happy medium. The reds appear more magenta to pinkish at times. Watching the Stanford Oklahoma game was a trial as the colors of the oranges and the reds on the jerseys appeared to shift and not be the natural deeper red colors and orange.Also depending on the Angle of view, the colors tend to dull and lose teh crispness almost whiting out a little. Have a chair over at an angle around 45 degrees and about 10 feet away, the picture quality is not as clean and crisp as from directly in front.I also like hockey and watching sports, I have noticed the blur from a fast pace or a jitter from sudden back and forth movement as well as what looks like a slow bending during a slow movement seen of a longer straight line.I do like the ability to retrieve videos and pictures from my PC. I do not however like the user interface for Netflix as it is not as graceful as a web browser on a PC.The lip and skin coloring is the most anoying and making me want to replace the TV with a LG Plasma. I find it hard to throw out $1400 dollars though. Maybe in a year if the 60 inch plasmas drop to under $700