Well, it's nice to know I'm not the only one who purchased this from Best Buy and am experiencing the exact same issues.I bought this from Best Buy #1436 on 10/12/11 as I was building an entertainment setup for numerous old and new video game systems.  I rarely used it but for the first three months it suited my needs.  The sound is absolutely horrible on the built-in speakers, but the headphone-out jack facilitated enough for an external sound system to compensate.  The video quality was slightly below average, but that was to be expected.Then, almost EXACTLY after the 33rd day, I started experiencing some strange picture issues.  For the first week, I got about an hour of use before the picture started going out.  And when I say it started going out, I'm not referring to the inputs not being detected properly.  The audio and video connections were solid, and no matter what kind of input I tried, the picture would still flicker in and out.  Specifically, the picture would start to crush upwards with various scattered green lines.  Spastic flickering accompanied this until the picture just completely cut out, and the audio would still be running.  Sometimes, just waiting would bring the video back temporarily, and then it would go out again in the same way.  Sometimes the video would not come back at all.Here's the kicker: the GUI boxes and menu were succumbing to those symptoms as well, so it was the entire display hardware that was glitching and failing, not the inputs.Restarting it temporarily fixed it at first, but as time went by, the symptoms increased and power cycling no longer remedied it.  You know what started helping temporarily fixing it? Read this slowly: a somewhat forceful jab down on the top of the tv.  YEAH, just like an old CRT getting bad UHF reception, banging on the top of the set helped for a little bit.  I have never in my life seen a digital TV be remedied by physical force that way.  I can only assume that there might be some loose solder on one or more of the internal connections.  I'd attempt to open it and check myself if I weren't afraid it were going to electrically shock me, which considering the possible culprits for this kind of issue, is probable.As of today, the picture doesn't show up at all anymore.  I hadn't used it in about 3 weeks but in that time it apparently decided to just stop working entirely picture-wise.  I haven't tried calling about the warranty yet, however having read what other people have experienced, if Westinghouse tells me to pay for the shipping to have it "repaired", I will tell them that I'll spend the money on a sledge instead to get a few last fleeting moments of enjoyment out of the box, and vow to never buy a Westinghouse product ever again.Take it from me: avoid this set for any cost.  In fact, avoid it even if you get it for free.  You'll end up with a very large impractical paperweight.