I have had this set since October 2009 and I have not been disappointed in any way.In September I had concerns about some of the reviews complaining about the "white" edges/corners on dark scenes.Well these are rare and very faint.  But once you perform a firmware update they no longer show up.  My firmware update was from 001011 to 001017, and I performed it just this week after finally finding the time to connect the TV to the internet with a Netgear HD/Gaming 5 GHz Wireless-N Networking Kit -great kit by the way.Netgear WNHDEB111-100NAS Wireless N Access PointThe only thing on my wish list for this set would have been two banks of ports; one dedicated for Video Components devices, and the second one dedicated to AV devices.  As it is there is only one bank that can service both types of devices. However once the connection is setup you are committed to that connection type.  So if you have a switch box to share that bank between a Wii, a DVD, a laser disc player and a VCR and you want the highest image resolution possible you are going to have to connect using a Video Component connection thus leaving out your VCR and the Laser disc player because these two use an AV connection.- forget those switches advertised as converters they don't work.  True converters are very expensive too.Also the remote uses AAA batteries.  Considering that it is the only way to turn the TV on, that its size is quite large, and that it has a back lit feature that illuminates the keys in the dark, I would have preferred a larger size battery like AA that would last longer.  But I am just nitpicking here.I connected a Panasonic Blu-Ray player through the HDMI interface and the picture quality is just outstanding.Panasonic DMP-BD60 Blu-ray Disc Player (Black)I also complemented the set with a Sharp sound bar which provide great sound at a modest expense.Sharp HTSB200 2.1 Sound Bar Audio SystemThe TV is hung on the wall like a picture which is the better way to install it.  The pedestal is okay, but it is rather heavy ( 10 lbs ) and requires a strap attachment to the wall.  Do yourself a favor, get the hanger kit from Samsung.Samsung WMN1000B Fixed Low-Profile Wall Mount for Select Samsung 40-Inch to 55-Inch Displays  It is easy and fast to install.  I did it myself after delivery.I love this set and would buy a second one to replace our older second CRT TV set in the bedroom if I could afford it .I truly hope Samsung is working on larger LED sets.  Initially I was shopping for a 65 to 70 inch set.  But these sizes were not available with LED.I do not want to ramble too much here.  But I figure folks reading these reviews and considering making such a large purchase would want to get good practical feedback.So last but not least, the concierge/delivery service working with Amazon was fast and efficient.  The TV was delivered on time, in great condition - including the packaging - , and with great care.  The deliverers were in and out in 10 minutes with the TV setup, configured, and running.  I guess they could have stayed longer and answered my questions if I had wanted to.  But I am not that kind of customer :-)