I have had this 42 in Vizio TV for about 2 months now and I am very happy with my purchase. At $638 this was a real bargain even if it didn't have 3D capability.2D: Has a fantastic  picture right out of the box.  The pre select settings are pretty close to being right on.  If not some tweaking will get it just the way you like it.  The automatic light sensor (when enabled) works great without it being noticeable as it works. If the sun comes out or goes behind a cloud the tv picture adjusts to just the right brightness. Also, I can tell the difference with the 120 hz refresh rate vs 60 hz. I am not sure your eyes could tell the difference between 120 hz vs 240 hz, so I opted for the 120 hz version.  I have seen some advertised as high as 480hz but not sure if it would be worth the expense.  You also have to consider the source material and whether it is in 240 hz or 480 hz format.Netflix: I really like that you can connect to the internet and hook up to Netflix without having to go through another device. Especially with a PS3 that uses quite a lot of electricity. Oh, this TV uses very little electricity. $19.00 /yr at 5 hours per day. Another nice point to consider. And it puts out very little heat compared to my previous HDTV.There are many other settings you can adjust to your liking that are too numerous to talk about here.  But go through your manual to see if there are any that you would like to change.  There is even a lip sych adjustment in the other settings area.3D:  I do like the passive 3D glasses:  (Inexpensive and lightweight) You can even order extras if needed online, but not through Vizo since their price was much higher.  The 3D picture is amazing with the right source material. Now not all 3D is created equal, but when it is filmed correctly it shines on this tv.  There is some ghosting on some 3D material, but again you have to consider the source. The angle of viewing also affects the amount of ghosting so be aware of that. Another thing I noticed is that there is a vanishing point in distance where the 3D effect disappears. This probably varies with the type of 3D camera being used. You will notice that things far away will look 2D. This is normal an not a TV defect.  If you have Directv, you are in luck since there are 4 channels that have 3D content and it doesn't cost anything extra to view them, except for the premium movie channel. I especially like watching Lady's Tennis in 3D. Football not so much, but there is a good variety on DirecTV's 3D channels. I have a DVR and it works good recording 3D content as well.Sound: The sound of the TV is lame as is the case for just about all Flat Panels.  But I really like the optical audio output so I can hook up the TV to my JVC 5.1 surround sound system. All sources are HDMI and whatever source being used goes right into my sound system.I do like the remote too in that you can control Netflix with it as well as the TV itself.  I could go on but other reviewers have done a pretty good job with many of the other specifics about this product.In conclusion, I can recommend this Vizio. Yeah I know you're skeptical because its not a Sony, LG, or Samsung etc., but it's every bit as good and much less expensive.I did get a chance to use Pandora and it works great once I figured out how to use it. I did notice the price went up since my purchase.  Glad I bought it early.