First off, let me say that the picture quality is fantastic. The colors are fantastic, so true to real life. The Blacks are good. Not the best, but def solid. It almost appears that the screen itself while power is off is slightly gray, which makes the blacks suffer a bit.I would rate this as 5 stars on picture quality alone, but there are too many issues for me to keep this TV. This was also my first Plasma TV.The number one issue is the buzz. It's no joke, it's loud and it's very annoying. I'm not sure if it's the acoustics of my room, but I swear it's louder 16 ft (where I sit) away than it is with your ear right next to the TV. The other thing about the buzz is, it's a very focused sound. What I mean by that is, picture a flashlight's beam of light. That is how the buzz sound is. My chair which is obviously the best seat in the house is the only seat that you can hear this buzz. You sit in my wife's seat, which is right next to me and nothing. Even if you stand up from my seat the buzz disappears. So, this might not be a major issue for some who sit slightly off angle.Now you can turn up the sound and wash out the buzz, but after any break in sound you hear it. In the morning at normal listening levels I hear it over the sound. Even with the news on where there is no reason to have the sound turned up, you can hear it. Too distracting to me and it's all I focus on now which is unfortunate.The other issue I have is when I use this on my HTPC. When I display an all white back round, such as a webpage, I notice the middle of the screen from top to bottom about a foot wide has a slight greenish tint to it, while the screen to the left or right has a slight pinkish/reddish tint. No matter what setting or cable I use I can't get rid of this. Although, I do not notice this while watching TV while a white screen comes up. The LCD it replaced never displayed that. This would also be a non-issue for most consumers.The other issues isn't from the TV itself, but rather the technology. Again back to a computer screen, while browsing the web where the back round is white and you have a solid darker image on the screen it will cast a shadow of that image across the entire screen horizontally. Even large bold fonts on a white back round will display this "shadow". And then we have the risk of image retention. Since I use this as a computer monitor as well I am in constant fear of the dreaded IR. I always switch the image up, but I know when I'm gone my wife will not do this and leave static images while cleaning or talking ETC... Also, the heat factor. These babys burn. They get hot which tells me I'm in for a much higher electric bill this month. I knew most of the issues going in, so shame on me.The last issues didn't bother me, but my wife and family commented on the fact the TV isn't very bright and doesn't have the bright as they called it, but over saturated colors like a LCD/LED. Believe it or not, most people actually love the "torch mode" with dynamic contrast turned way.All in all, looks like I'm going with the LCD/LED model.