Other reviewers have covered the features well. I hope to address areas that I felt weren't focused on by others. I'm happy with this, my first HDTV of this size. For me, this was an upgrade from a 25" 1080p LCD monitor. My input sources are:Pioneer VSX-1120K AV receiverTiVo Premier XL (service from Comcast HD and ATSC via OTA antenna)XBox 360First I'll speak of the applications embedded with the TV. I find myself surprised at how much I access them. I originally expected to use them sparingly, if at all.Since I've had the LG 47LE8500 setup, I've had two firmware updates, so it's nice to see the manufacturer support the product. If you connect the unit to your network via. the built-in ethernet port, it will automatically check for firmware updates when you access the internet applications. I've not tested this with the optional wireless adapter, which I don't have nor need. Most firmware changes appear to be with the internet applications embedded with the unit: Netflix, VUDU, You Tube, Yahoo Widgets. All the applications work well. At the moment, the only application that supports 1080p with 5.1 Digital audio (via the TOSLINK, for me) is VUDU. I'm not sure if Netflix or YouTube will be updated in the future to support 1080p or 5.1 digital audio in the future. I believe Netflix has introduced a few clients capable of both, but with limited content supporting full HD. The highest supported resolution at the moment appears to be 720p for the LG installed Netflix app. Interestingly, despite having the Netflix and You Tube functionality duplicated on my TiVo Premier, I find it more convenient accessing them directly from the TV's implementation, sacrificing sound quality, just for the convenience of not having to turn on the other devices required to view the same content via. the TiVo. Since I have a TOSLink audio connection from the TV to my receiver, I can get better audio quality from these applications just by turning on the receiver, and muting the TV audio.In my opinion, this is a well designed TV. There are plenty of input and output ports, it runs cool, and most importantly, the display is brilliant. The color reproduction is incredible, from my point of view. I haven't had it calibrated, but a simple image check with some blue lenses and a video calibration video resulted in no tweaks or adjustments required, other than setting the video mode to one of the LG provided configurations: THX/Cinema. The source for this test was the TiVo Premier connected via. HDMI through the Pioneer receiver.The full local dimming feature of the TV makes for some incredible blacks in a fully darkened room. Unfortunately, I have observed a few instances where the back-lighting does bleed through. Possibly related to the full local dimming back-light implementation, I can see a horizontal banding effect apparent when displaying a screen of either white or blue/sky blue. This will probably be most visible watching Ice Hockey or scenes showing a lot of daytime sky. Since the bands appear to be static, I'm guessing it's related to the LED full array local dimming back-light. For me, this is a sufficient trade-off, for the brilliant color reproduction, and deep blacks.Another source I have connected to the TV is a XBox 360 game console. For that input device, I needed a TV with flexibility to disable whatever display processing that might introduce input lag. I'm happy with this unit in that it has not appeared to introduce any discernible input lag when I disable the TruMotion or any video upscaling options on both the TV and AV receiver. I have noticed some audio/video sync issues with some television programs from the TiVo input source when I was playing with the TruMotion adjustment options in conjunction with the video processing features available on my receiver, but that's to be expected.I'm very happy with the LG 47LE8500. I had very specific requirements going into my purchase. I researched my options extensively and came to the conclusion this TV met my requirements best, and I'm happy with that.