I was a more than a little aprehensive about buying this TV since I did not find one review prior to purchasing. I had done a lot of research on Natural (passive)3D LED-LCD HDTV televisions. I even bought a subscription to consumer reports to gain more information. I read reviews on as many models that I could find that fit my criteria. I wanted a passive 3D system, I wanted a screen at least 46 inches and after researching I decided I needed at least a 240hz refresh rate to avoid the "ghosts" I keep hearing about. Unfortunately most of those TV's were expensive and I wanted to keep my price point below $1300.00. Then I found this Toshiba. The price point was great, no tax, and shipping was only $25.00. Set up was easy (my 19 year old son did it...may not have been easy for me). I heard on other reviews from many of the other televisions that the default picture settings needed adjustment but all I did was turn it on and was AMAZED. This picture is crystal clear. I have had the TV for about 2 months now and it still continues to amaze me. Although I don't watch a lot of the 3D channels, but this is VERY COOL. I have never had a ghost issue, even when watching sports. It feels as if you are in the picture...I wish I had more 3D programs available to me. I did watch the british open the other day and thought I saw a trail after a putt of the golf ball...but it didn't happen again. Interestingly my kids brought home a set of 3D glasses from an imax theatre the other day (I am NOT encouraging people to do this...) and those glasses also worked with this TV. Another reason I wanted natural...I did not want to spend $100 dollars for more glasses. My father owns a Sony HD LCD and he is impressed with the picture I have vs his.My only two complaints are: there is a big lag time between channel changes. It feels like a minute or so after you change the channel until the picture comes back but I am sure it is only 20 seconds or so, I am just used to that function being instantaneous. The other is the sound. I read reviews on all of the other comparable TV's and they all said you need to get a decent sound bar or surround sound because of this so it was expected and I will eventually invest in an up to date system.All in all, I am very happy with this TV...I made a big leap of faith that it would be everything I had hoped for and have not been dissapointed. I thought about giving it only 4 stars because of the sound and channel issue but it is such a great TV otherwise I didn't think it was fair. Hopefully this review will help someone else take the plunge!