After a few weeks of research I finally settled on the Samsung UN46C7000. At the time it was about $250 cheaper on Amazon.com than in any local business that and for whatever reason Wal Mart, Best Buy, etc... did not carry the 46 inch TVs, it was either 40 or 55. Also at the time Amazon.com was running a promo to get a free 3D Blu Ray player and starter kit (worth around $700-800) with the purchase of the TV. I received the TV after about 10 days, there was a mix up with the local carrier that when I called to question the status of the delivery, they told me they were waiting for me to call them to schedule delivery.The first thing you notice when you take it out of the box is it is super thin and light. This TV is easily lighter than the older LCD 40 inch Samsung I had bought my parents. I could move and mount it by myself if needed, but I don't recommend that. Setup was easy, most of everything is just plug and play. However for everything that is not HDMI (VGA or CAT5 cables for example) the TV requires a special adapter for, which are all included. I assume this is to keep the slimness of the TV.The picture quality is amazing. If you are watching a Blu Ray it will look as if you're looking through a window and not a TV. Some of my friends however have complained that it looks "too real" and it looks like you're watching "the making of" instead of the actual movie itself. It does take a bit to get used to, but once I adjusted to the "realness" I love it. The auto motion 240hz feature makes everything incredibly smooth, you can turn the feature on or off in case you don't like the "real life" look.The 3D aspects of the TV are stunning. I have only viewed Monsters vs Aliens 3D and some of the Playstation 3's 3D demos. It really does look like things are reaching out at you. The TV also has a 2D to 3D conversion, this will not make things pop out at you, but it will add a lot of depth to what you are viewing, as if you could stick your hand into the TV. However, you need the glasses in order to view it. Everyone watching will need a pair because watching it without the glasses things are very blurry and it can strain your eyes.The Sound on the TV I can't say much about, they're good for TV speakers but you can't get a TV like this and use the default speakers, some sort of surround sound set up is a must. I personally use the Samsung HT-Z522 Home Theater System and it makes for an awesome in home movie experience.The TV stand is solid, I have used it and another mounting system. The TV is light enough I would be comfortable wall mounting it if I wanted too. I currently have the TV mounting on a swivel on the Bell'O TPC2127 Triple Play Universal Flat Panel Audio Video System with Swivel Mount. The remote is a very nice looking remote and and super easy to navigate. There is a button to back light all of the buttons, and it works as an on/off switch. (It will stay lit until you turn it off)