Let me start by saying that I am picky and a bit of a technophile so things that bother me may not bother you. Also, many of my complaints about this TV would be applicable to *any* LCD TV so are not necessarily a problem with this TV vs another LCD. Now that that is out of the way...I have been waiting to buy a new TV for three years. During this time I researched the technologies (plasma, CRT, rear-projection, LCD, DLP, etc.). I watched the prices fall and the features improve. I visited TV stores and compared pictures. In the meantime, my little CRT TV was getting more and more flakey, but delivered a great picture when it worked (albeit low resolution). I finally decided it was time to get an HDTV. I was wrong - at least for LCD.I decided some time ago that LCD was the only technology I would buy due to its longer life and lack of burn-in (my kids play video games). Of course the big knocks against LCD are viewing angle and contrast. Viewing angle is now pretty good (although much less than the quoted specs - you will want to look at one in a store) and contrast has improved. When I saw that Sharp had 'dynamic' contrast that adjusted to room light and scene brightness, I thought I would take the plunge. However, I found both these features too obtrusive and unfortunately, you cannot turn the dynamic contrast off. The higher contrast specification is achieved by varying the backlight level based on the brightness of the scene or the amount of light in the room. Of course when the backlight level is changed, the entire screen brightness will increase or decrease. What is odd is that rather than settling in on a backlight level, it seems to wander around for second or two with every scene change, even if it eventually settles back where it was. I found this constant pumping of brightness to be very annoying. I also found that even with the adjustable backlight, shadow detail was poor. I was expecting this, but I did not realize how much 'normal' program material this affects - even noticeable on commercials - not to mention large portions of many movies and TV shows. I admit that the TV was not prefectly calibrated, but it was adjusted by eye using several different types of program material and comparing it against my DLP projector and my CRT television. Out of the box, the unit is adjusted to turn everything white or black. Luckily the unit can be adjusted to look much better, but still with the weaknesses mentioned above. I found that while you cannot turn the dynamic constrast off, you can turn the effect down and since I have done this the brightness-pumping is less.I found the viewing angle is also a problem, although less of an issue than the contrast. Side to side it is actually pretty good, probably over 100 degrees. Vertically, however, the change in contrast is quite noticeable when moving from a sitting to a standing position from about six feet away. You will notice that the blacks become less dark when standing.I have not mentioned the HDTV aspect, but the picture for things like sports or any well-lit HD scene is outstanding. My old CRT cannot compare there, despite its advantages in other areas. I receive my HD signals over the air (which is the only way to get *real* HD) and boy does it look good. I would also say that the resolution of this screen is plenty for its size. There is no need to be able to display 1080p resolution on a 26 in. screen, 720P (1280 x 720) is just fine.The other features of the unit seem comparable to other digital TVs. The one area they really blew it was the setting of 'favorite' channels. Setting these channels (or more correctly avoiding all the useless ones in between the ones you want) is VERY tedious. I used another receiver that let you simply delete unwanted channels. Then you could use to channel clicker to quickly scan through the remaining ones. Not practical for 200 cable channels I suppose, but it worked for me. The Sharp wants you to select a channel you want, then go into the favorites menu, then choose one of 4 groups of 4 to store it in. Then good luck remembering which group it is in. Another place for improvement is the display of broadcast signal strength. Tuning to a digital station can be very difficult if you do not see all the stations you expect after the initial scan. The "signal strength' meter provided with some digital tuners can give you instant feedback and help you aim the antenna properly. Unfortunately, the Sharp TV only allows you to look at the signal strength of channels that have already be found by the scanning process - essentially rendering the feature useless.There are technologies on the horizon that will reduce these picture quality problems I am complaining about (LED backlight for instance), but they are a ways off. I am tempted to send this unit back and wait another year, but I don't know if my old TV will hold out that long. If you can wait a year, you will probably be rewarded with a picture with fewer flaws although it may cost more.A final note - if you want help with this product, use the support number in the manual. The email support on the Sharp web site is useless. I received no reply to two messages after waiting over a month.