First off, on a scale of 1 to 5 I give it a -5. Here's why;To begin this unit will cost you $200.00 to ship and since it is over the 27" return policy size don't expect to be able to return it if it's defective.You will never get your $200.00 back or have the unit replaced unless of course there is a forklift hole through it or something obvious like that. Amazon "cuts and runs" and leaves the unit to you and the manufacturer who is supposed to have "in-home-service" if the unit is found to be defective after you unpack it and try to use it.Well, you better check the Funai warranty to find out if they even have a service center in your area that can come out to your home (which you will have to do yourself because when my unit showed up on my doorstep D.O.A. I called them and they could not locate anyone in my area. I had to call the Funai service number and press "2" to find the nearest service center which, BTW, was just about 40 min away. I found it astonishing that the service folk at Funai couldn't find one...what kind of service center doesn't have a list of "ceritfied" service centers for there call center? I find it odd that a technical company doesn't have a database of these centers for the call center to use... ?!?!?!)We bought this unit as a surprise gift for the holiday and received it on Dec 7th, I checked the unit immediately to make sure it was ok (which is why we got it early!). After finding that the unit was D.O.A., I called the mfg right away, and guess what...? I had to leave a message. Wow. Now there's some customer service. Well after a day and a half I got no return call, so I persistently kept calling the service number and finally got to talk to a human (BTW, the message got responded to 3 days later.). They told me I had to get a replacement from Amazon (which seemed odd because of their return policy but I contacted them about it anyway). I sent Amazon an email and they directed me to the web page regarding the return policy. I replied asking them to push the mfg for some resolution and they said sorry we sympathize with you but we can't help you.Gee thanks for the sympathy card but, for a $1000.00 I expected a little more. Maybe on Dec 25th they could come and sing Kumbyah with me and my family and make us feel all warm and fuzzy?(I don't mean to sound materialistic but, I am tired of people taking my hard-earned money and handing me junk in return with no path to resolve an issue in a reasonable manner.)As of this writing (Dec 14th) I still have not seen or even heard from my local service "certified" center. I am completely unimpressed with there customer service and have no faith in the product or there ability to support it. Thanks Funai and Amazon for a wonderful holiday. My year long savings gone and my surprise gift is a bust. Right now I am sitting on a paper warranty worth $1000.00.Do yourself a favor and spend a few dollars more and buy your next TV from a locally trusted store. You will have a better chance at getting some courteous and prompt service if in the event you should need it. Also make sure you buy a unit from a different mfg. Buy from someone who knows what customer service is about. Funai really doesn't care all that much if you spent a grand on their product. They'll take your money and complacently get around to you and your silly problem on their terms.