I've had my eye on the Sony 40" XBR4 since January.  The prices have been all over place and lately have been much higher than when I first started shopping around online.  I went to Best Buy to check to do a visual comparison of the XBR4 vs 4071.  I was impressed with the image quality of the 4071, so I placed my order here on Amazon.  A couple of days later, I noticed that I had not taken advantage of the free Samsung Upconverting DVD player, so I called customer service and after a 15-min conversation, a free DVD player was on its way to me.  I hope to purchase a blu-ray player in June!Both products arrived within two weeks.  The CEVA delivery guys were very friendly and set up my TV and attached directly to the cable.  Within a few minutes, I had lots and lots of channels, many of them HD.  I was very happy with the picture quality.  I went out and rented a few videos and the DVD player worked great.  Well, I had a dinner party this past Monday night.  I decided to put an MP3 CD into the DVD player (which I'd done before and it worked great).  The music had been playing for about 3 hours and one of my guests wanted to see the picture quality of the TV, so I picked up the TV remote and pressed the "source" button.  The TV channel displayed for a few minutes and then the TV went black.We went through the troubleshooting procedures in the instruction book with no luck.  After my guests left, I unplugged everything and I tried to get the TV to come back on.  There was power to the TV because the blue light was glowing, but all I got was a clicking sound and red flashing lights on the lower right indicator panel.  I did some research on the web and I think there is a problem with the power panel.  I called Amazon the next afternoon.  They directed me back to Samsung.  The Samsung person told me that because I purchased the TV online, they would not service it and she directed me back to Amazon.  So, I called Amazon and the agent apologized for the problem and said customer service was backed up and someone would call me the next morning.  Well, yesterday no one called me, however, when I checked my email this morning Amazon had already shipped me a new TV.On the one hand, I'm thrilled that the problem is being resolved.  On the other hand, I'm wondering about the power panel problem along with the Samsung DVD player.  I had pressed the "source" button several times before the night of the dinner party and had no problem switching back and forth.  Once my new TV arrives, I will update this review and hopefully give it 5 stars.COMMENTS ABOUT THE TV:  I like the favorites button on the remote but wish it could be more prominent.  It's buried at the bottom of the remote with a bunch of other buttons.  Sometimes the commercials seem louder than the programs even though I've turned the "volume control" on.NOTE:  Be sure to read about Amazon's Post-Order Price Guarantee in the HELP area.  I check the price of this TV on a daily basis.  To date, Amazon has issued 3 price guarantee refunds. I still have 8 days left -- unless they now honor the new ship date for the replacement TV. Requests must be made within 30 days of the item's shipment date.  Overall, my customer service experience with Amazon has been excellent!