My previous HDTV was a 40" 120Hz Samsung. Less than 2 years old and I had nothing but problems with the Samsung so decided to go with what I've had good luck with in the past. Just to name a few problems I had with the Samsung to put this in perspective, remote control battery contacts sucked and the remote had to be pounded on the palm of the hand to work after sitting over night (poor quality plating on contacts), TV channels would change intermittently and had to rescan to obtain lock on the correct channel, red lines in picture would appear intermittently, Picture would flicker or roll horizontally on the lower part of the screen after the unit went out of warranty, after a year and a half, TV would shut down after being on for an hour or two. I'd say the Samsung was the worst TV as far as reliability that I've ever had in 45 years. I'm not the only one that has had problems with Samsung in my family, My sister, also has problems with hers.So far I'm happy with the Sony. Great picture. vivid colors and no quirks. I like the auto contrast which adjusts based on ambient lighting as it seems to work well. I even played with it using a flashlight on the sensor to see how it affects the pictures. Yes, it really does adjust the picture.One thing my Samsung had that I could not find in a new TV was dual cable inputs. That us, one for cable and one for antenna. I only have basic cable which gets all the local channels in HD (no cable box). I used this cable/antenna feature when cable goes out, which happens quite often here. That way I didn't have to re-scan the channels and could just switch over to Antenna with a push of a button. No rescan required. Well, I was surprised that the Sony has dual channel scan, one for cable and one for antenna and remembers the channels for each. I just had to buy a cable switch so that I can change from cable to antenna inputs then change the input selection in the Sony setup to antenna. Works well (not quite as easy as the Samsung since it's two steps but acceptable). I know this is not likely a feature most people would need but I was pleasantly surprised that it had it.  On a side note and interestingly enough, not a single sales person at any of the stores I went to knew about this feature as I specifically asked if there was a dual cable input TV available like my older Samsung and explained that I didn't want to have to rescan every time I switched to antenna from cable.A few things I am disappointed with is the lack of controls on the remote. The remote is very basic. The Samsung had keys on the remote to do just about everything. The Sony remote has far fewer keys and controls are menu based. That is, you can control everything but will take multiple key stokes to get where you want to get to. My Samsung has a 55 key remote. The Sony has a 41 key remote. That is, if you want to go to your HDMI input 4, you have to go to a menu and then arrow up or down to the input then hit enter or wait until it defaults to it. It would be better in my opinion if they had a key for each HDMI input so I didn't have to sift through a menu to go to it. Also, it would be nice if the Sony could lock out channels. For example, if I want to go to channel 5.1 and there is no analog channel on channel 5.0, why does it go to channel 5.0 when I push "5"? Ideally it should recognize that I want to go the channel 5.1 since there is no channel at 5.0, like the Samsung did. Sony requires that you enter "5" then "." then "1" otherwise it will just go to the off-air channel "5". Yes, it skips the non-air channels using the up and down channel keys so this is just an annoyance when entering channels directly.I haven't owned this Sony long enough to comment about longevity. One thing I do know is that I had so many problems with Samsung that I will likely never buy one again. I also can say that the two other Sony TVs I've had in the past 30 years were very reliable. As a matter of fact, the only reason I replaced my older Sony TVs were to upgrade technology, not due to defect. Samsung rates a zero as far as quality as far as I'm concerned. Yes, Samsung picture quality is great, when they are working. The problem is, they just don't work very long.After my experience with Samsung, I did buy an extended warranty with this Sony purchase, unlike my Samsung purchase, but with any luck, I won't need it. My two-bits, if you chose a Samsung, don't expect it to last. Buy an extended warranty! Not sure if I needed it with the Sony but did buy it anyway.Sorry if this sounds more like a rant about Samsung's poor quality than a review of this Sony TV, but I think it was worth mentioning my experience of more than just this Sony TV.Overall, I'm very happy with this Sony TV with the minor exceptions listed above. Hopefully I will have it for 10 + years of reliable service.