I've had this amazing viewing experience (just calling it a TV doesn't do it justice) for a couple of days now.  I am completely impressed and satisfied with pretty much all aspects of this set.  The Picture is exactly what I expected. AWESOME, Lifelike, Vibrant, stunning and a host of other adjectives that don't do this amazing beauty justice.  I had no trouble with the setup or initial operation and the WiFi connection setup was a breeze.  To my surprise the AnyNet feature reached right out to my Sony BDV-E570 Blu-Ray Player/Surround sound system automatically.  The TV switches automatically to the player when a disk inserted.  Who would've thunk it.  I have DLNA setup in my home and the TV had no trouble accessing the content unlike my Sony. HA!  However, The TV like the Sony has trouble playing videos. Essentially no Codec = No Video.  I'm thinking its more of a DRM issue that will take a bunch of lawyers to figure out.  Oh well someday maybe.So now for my only Complaint...  Sound Quality!  I know all manufactures expect us silly Consumers to buy their new fancy "Sound Bars" but come on...  I just forked over close to two grand and the default sound is simply awful.  No bass, very "tinny" ultra ultra highs make this set very uncomfortable to listen to.  In our setup we only use surround for movies so TV sound quality is important. So here is the big gotcha with this.  My last Plasma (Vizio 42") had the same problem. So I purchased a medium grade Logitech computer speaker w/ Subwoofer setup and problem solved right??? With the Vizio it was! With my new fancy Plasma.... Not so much! Unfortunately you cannot control the sound level of the External Speakers with this two thousand dollar TV.  It's like Samsung mocks us by putting a nice headphone jack right on the side of the TV that can't be used for this application.  So in the end we've settled for my custom "AM Radio" settings on the joke of an equalizer Samsun provides under setup.My only other annoyance is they promote this as a "Smart TV" with awesome Internet Apps. And it is very cool to say the least.  But again, for two grand you'd think Samsung would include a QWERTY Keyboard Remote with the TV for no extra cost. I'm not asking for the ultra high end fancy pantsy 3" color touch screen Remote Control.  I just want a standard one. Having said this, I saw on CNET today that Samsung will sell me what I want (Samsung Flip QWERTY Remote) for only $99 starting in April.  How did they know I needed one??? Hmmmmm :0) Who knows... maybe they will send me one for writing this review. HA!All in all I am thoroughly happy and impressed with the TV, Samsung, Plasma vs LCD-LED, Features and pretty much everything else involving this TV.  Again, calling it a TV just doesn't do it justice.Thank you Samsung for knowing what I wanted. We are not into the whole 3d thing. That is what Movie Theaters are for.  So I was very happy to be able to purchase a Premium grade HDTV without the extra 3d Expense.