I have had this Samsung for about two weeks now and my kids and I have just been shocked at the quality on this TV.  We find each other staying up late watching National GeographicHD or Science Channel HD for hours on end, deep into the night!The immersive experience of high quality HD prgramming is just unbeleivable.  It does seem like you are actually on the set of the show you are watching!Unlike others, I got this TV to replace an old bulky 32 inch boob tube TV that I had for 8 years!  This is basically the most technologically advanced thing that has ever been in my home.  The difference between my old TV and the Samsung is like the difference between DOING the Moonwalk and actually WALKING on the Moon!And I haven't even added any peripherals yet!  I scrapped up the money to buy the TV and have just been blown away with the prescence of it in my living room and I bought a whole new entertainment center to put it in of course!!  I find myself looking at it even when it is off!  The chrome four leg stand, the brushed aluminum look to the edge, highlighted with the clear edge, the ease with which it swivels, the weight of it and the "How did they do that?!" thinness!! 1.1" OMG, you gotta be kidding!  Yet it has connections on the back that I will not understand for ten years probably!I insisted on a TV with 240hz vs. 160hz and I am glad I did, it makes all the difference.Future plans:1) Just ordered a micro hdmi to hdmi cable so I can get my droid X in on the fun!  Can't wait to see the videos of my son playing baseball and some vacation videos I have stored on my Droid.2) Today I will probably order a Samsung 3D 6900 Blu Ray player.  I almost ordered a Linkstick but the cost of it is at least $60 and the 3D Blu Ray can probably be bought for just under $200 and it already has the Linkstick included.  Just got my computers hooked up to a wireless modem so I cannot wait to sync everything together and I am finally coming out of the dark ages, throwing away my Blockbuster and HollyWood Video member cards (remember those!?), and signing up for NetFlix!!3) Lastly, I am going to order a Bose Cinematic sound system sometime this year to polish off the experience.My only complaint is the weak sound from the built in speakers.  I guess when you only have an inch to work with, then the sound will not be too good.  The Bose should solve that.  I have not adjusted any picture setting and it just seems perfect.  Probably because my old TV, affectionately refered to by my kids as "Old Sucky" was so....well...old and sucky!  I probably don't know the difference!  I would like advice on that from current owners,  If I LIKE the picture should I leave it or are there recommended settings I should manipulate that you think I will like even more?I will say two final things.  My teens all invited people over last week for the first time in recent memory to play video games!  Not one of them left the living room the whole time!!  Also, I love playing MLB The Show on my PSP and have for years.  I am giving myself permission to buy a PS3 so I can play my beloved MLB on my Samsung...(Huge GRIN from teen son standing behind me now waiting to hug me)!!!Buy this TV, you will NOT be disappointed!James