I ordered this on January 3rd and just received it today and set it up.  I did extensive research before buying an LCD TV and this was what I finally decided on.  I haven't made any changes to the picture yet and have only viewed the set from regular CATV but am anxious to hook up my XBOX and DVD player via component cables since the set looked wonderful at HHGregg watching the Discovery Channel in HD.  The audio output via RCA cables to my receiver is unfortunately not as good as the output on my old CRT.  Not a really big deal though.  The set is very well put together and I like the fact that you purchase an extended warranty through Syntax.  The set is of course very bright and vibrant the way an LCD is advertised to be.  I'm looking forward to spending a lot of time in front of this set and believe it was the best bang for my buck.Updated: I have now messed with all of the settings on this TV and the colors it can display out of any input are amazing.  Blacks look black for an LCD with the backlight on just normal.  Red is a little overwhelming but blues and greens never looked better.  If you intend on watching regular cable make sure to have noise reduction on high.  Another thing that is nice is that you can set color and other video options for each individual input.  The remote really is something to be desired.  Sometimes it works and sometimes it just decides it doesn't work, I can't figure it out(guess it's just cheap).  I would like to get a better universal remote but I'm not sure on the codes.  I have heard Philips codes work possibly?  I might also add that I have removed the speakers that came with the monitor since I use my own home theater speakers.  This really makes the monitor itself look very clean and cutting-edge.  I was skeptical at first but please do yourself a favor and get this set!Updated again(January 11, 2005):  I have hooked up my dvd and xbox via component video cables to this set.  To anyone that doesn't already know, this set does do progressive scan, only on one of the component inputs though.  I saw someone say it didn't do progressive content but it does, 480p and 720p as well as 1080i.  Also, 480p is NOT HD, 720p and 1080i are HD though.  Video games look absolutely detailed and stunning however I wasn't as impressed with DVD content displayed at 480p.  DVD content was very good overall but the sharpness that I experienced when playing the XBOX in 480p just wasn't there.  I have also found it a bit difficult to find the correct picture settings that give me the most pleasing picture.  I am still tweaking the settings though and hopefully I will have them the way I want soon.  My main issue is getting skin tones to look accurate on both regular TV and DVD...the skin color always looks a little washed out but I'm sure I can fix that.  I have also seen some people mention the buzz on this set.  There is a very slight hum that is only audible if you put your ear right up behind the set in a perfectly quiet room.  I swear, this set is super quiet as an LCD monitor should be.  Read the reviews on [...] and [...] I only saw one poor review and that was on CNET.com.  PC magazine even gave it 4/5 stars!  Great set, I'm really pleased.