Bought this sight unseen based on recommendations as the top LED-LCD TV and after a few months of researching both on the net and in stores. I have previous experience with LCD TVs owning about 3 Sony, Samsung HDTV and Sharp Aquous HDTV televisions over the years. I was a die hard Sharp fan. This is my first Panasonic TV purchase. I never view 3D movies. Wanted the best LCD TV for under $2500 since I plan to keep it 3-5 years. This unit lives up to the ratings.PROs:- Great TV!! -- I'm extremely happy with this purchase. My older Sharp Aquous had the darkest black pigments until I saw the Panasonic. The blacks a really inky black! No better way to describe it. They are almost too black for my comfort. So, made the blacks a little paler to bring up details in dark areas of movies/TV shows. This TV blows others out the park!- Quantity of Adjustments -- The amount of adjustable menus are a blessing and a curse. Many adjustments to fine tune the audio/video to one's liking. But, so much that it can be a little overwhelming if you are not patient or want a quick fix of a feature. I took the time over 3 days to tweak the video until I was extremely happy with the adjustment. Too much yellow in the factory settings for my taste. And a little too dark.- Customizable settings -- I customized and stored my settings. My son likes the original settings for ESPN game viewing. I can reset to my settings as needed.- Lots of Ports -- Plenty of ports to connect many devices. Some ports conveniently located on the side of the TV including a USB connection for viewing pictures on the TV.CONs:- Can't run standalone movies stored on portable hard drives using the USB port on the side of the TV. This TV will only show pictures/video on an SD card using the USB port. The workaround is to use a PC to run movies and connect through another port such as an HDMI port.- A little wobbly -- Not many things I disliked about the TV expect the slight wobble of the set in its stand. The stand is oval and has a small foot print. Looks very sleek at a distance, but, not the most stable base I have seen on HDTVs. There is a slight bobble head-like wobble of the TV. The side-to-side wobble is small and is not caused by any movement/noise unless you touch the TV to add/remove a cable. Some TVs have a wide base up to 1/3 the width of the TV. This one is about 1/8 the width of the 50" screen. Not a problem if the TV is hung on a wall.- Glare -- Glare can be annoying in a well lit room due to polished screen. I can live with it. I would rather look at sharper pictures on a polished screen than to see dull pictures on a buffed, non-glare TV. Most of my viewing is at night when glare has no impact on picture quality. I use blackout curtains to block most light during the day.