This is my first HD TV and I couldn't be happier.  I had been shopping HD TV's for more than a month beginning my search a few weeks before Thanksgiving with hopes of getting the best price on Black Friday or Cyber Monday.  That would not be the case as many stores had sales for this size HDTV a week before Thanksgiving and I would not see those prices again until after Christmas.  This gave me plenty of time to do my research and wait for the prices to fall.  Basically my search came down to 3 HD TV's all 1080p - the Sony 40 inch EX 500 which I purchased; the LG 42LD520, 120 Hz and the Panasonic Plasma TC-P42S2, 600 Hz.From the beginning when I first saw the Sony in Best Buys I was blown away by the picture but the price was just a bit out of my range - $750 plus.  My wife liked the LG and my father had just purchased the Panasonic Plasma.  I knew I wanted the 120 Hz or 600 Hz for better sports viewing and yes there is a difference between the 60 Hz and anyone who tells you otherwise are not watching sports or action movies.  I also had an odd want in that I wanted the HDTV to also look very good in Standard Definition.  I wanted to be able to TIVO some shows in SD for use of less storage space on my DVR but I still wanted the picture to be as good as or better than my current Sony WEGA.  The LG and Plasma just didn't do it for me on the SD stations.Next consideration was price, the LG and Panasonic run about $100 less than the Sony depending on when you look you can find these both for under $650.  The Sony was always hanging out at $760ish.  A few nights after Christmas I was online checking prices as I had been doing what seemed daily since Thanksgiving.  That night I noticed Amazon had the Sony 40 inch 500 for $642, the Sony was now a few dollars less than the LG and the Panasonic, I had to make my move to purchase it and my wife concurred.The time of delivery took less than a week my buddy and I hooked it up and all worked great.  The first big sporting event I watched was the National Championship game with my Auburn Tigers beating Oregon.  It blew me away how good this TV looked in HD; I'm sure my wife grew tired of hearing me say how good the TV looked; even on SD this TV looks great.  I'm very pleased with my purchase and would still be very satisfied if I had paid the current going rate of this TV.As far as the few items people touch on in these reviews that lean negative.  (1) The controller being cheap, the controller is what it is and its functions work very well, it may not be the best feeling controller you have ever had but it gets the job done.  Plus if you use a cable box, TIVO or SAT TV your main controller is most likely to be that other controller to control that device. (2) The chime that comes on when your TV turns on, personally I like the Sony chime and like one reviewer wrote you just know you have a great TV.  I think you can turn this off and for me I run my TV through my external speakers and the volume on the Sony is always down so I never hear it anymore.  (3) The speakers for the TV I can't really comment due to running my sound through external speakers but when I have run the sound I've been impressed, the fact is the TV is not going to sound as good as your home theater system.  (4)  The blacks or darks not coming through as sharp - this is the one thing I'm still studying and it may have to do with my settings but I have noticed at times some darks/blacks do not come through as sharp - I'll read some setting reviews and see if I can find anything to improve on it.All and All it's a great HDTV and if you are looking to make your first HD purchase or your tenth I would go Sony.Here are the settings that work for me, my wife and I find ourselves watching prime time TV shows, movies and sports:Picture Mode: CUSTOM (**Note each setting (Vivid, Standard Custom, Game-Standard Game-Original etc) are slightly different by default.)Backlight: 3 (WOW-ness without over doing it)Picture: 85 (there really isn't a reason to have it lower or higher)Brightness : 50 ( 50 hits Custom's mark for absolutely no loss of shadow detail)Color : 50Hue : 0Color Temperature : NeutralSharpness : 1 (I've settled with a not so noisy picture. looks VERY professional. 1 is perfect for Custom.)Noise Reduction : OffMPEG NR : OffMotionflow: StandardCineMotion: offAdvanced SettingsBlack Corrector : offAdvanced CE : offGamma : offClear White : LowLive Color : offWhite Balance : Factory default (all zero)