I bought this TV from Best Buy about a month ago.  I was originally going to buy a 24" LG LED monitor but they didn't have them in stock.  I then came across the 32" LCD TV section.  Of the 5 TVs there, I found a 32" LG to have the best picture, with this Sony coming in second.  Unfortunately, the store was also out of the 32" LG monitors (notice a pattern here?).  I saw that this Sony was on sale from $449 to $399 and I had $150 in Best Buy giftcards, so I was excited that I was going home with 8" more than I anticipated.I use this TV in my dorm room (it's a 115 sq ft single, so it's not very large) as a second monitor for my aluminum unibody MacBook Pro 15" laptop.  I use it to do a great deal of schoolwork and to watch movies and tv shows in my spare time.  Since I sit about an arm-length and a half away from the TV, I turn the brightness, backlight, and picture nearly all the way down so I don't blind myself.  However, when I am watching movies, I enjoy using the "Scene" button on the remote to quickly switch to the pre-programmed theater like settings.  I did not even think about this option when I was originally purchasing this TV, but it is awesome.  I have been using this TV for just over a month now, and I have not had any major problems.  As far as clarity is concerned, this would definitely not be my choice of television if I was looking for something to place in a family room and use for HD cable/satellite/ blu-rays/ PS3 gaming.  In my opinion, the best way to correct for motion blur in an LCD TV is to buy a plasma.  I have not come across a single LCD TV that can oust a plasma (some may match it, but they ultimately don't beat it).  LED-LCD TVs don't really impress me because they are simply thinner and brighter than LCD TVs...  Anyways, this TV meets the purpose of serving as a dual-monitor, for school work and streaming movies & shows in a small room, perfectly.The only minor problems that I have had are from the connection between my MBPro and the TV.  I connect the Sony TV to my computer by using a DisplayPort to HDMI connector, and then by running a basic (although it has gold-plated connectors) 6-ft long HDMI wire directly into the back of the TV.  It has happened about 4-5 times that when I wake my computer from sleep that I get a Snow Screen on the Sony while the display on my computer screen works perfectly fine.  I attribute this as to a glitch in my computer's graphics card/ the Sony TV's auto-shutoff (when no input is detected) feature.  This problem is remedied by either removing and reattaching the HDMI connection in the back of the TV, removing and reattaching the HDMI connector from the DisplayPort to HDMI convertor, or by removing and reattaching the DisplayPort to HDMI convertor from my computer.  I still give this TV 5 stars because this is an extremely small deal for me.  2 weeks after buying the TV, I turned off the "auto-shutoff" feature and it seems to help.  So to summarize, I don't believe this occurs due to any fault of the TV.I use this TV for at least 6 hours every day to do my school work and although it can't match my MBPro's LED backlight LCD display, having this Sony as a second monitor effectively more than triples the amount of screen that I have.  Instead of mirroring the display between my computer & the Sony, I set my computer's graphics card to output at 720p (it recognizes the Sony 32" as "SONY TELEVISION" and even defaults to 720p).  I had been looking forward to dual-screening for about 8 months before I purchased this TV and I can't imagine working on a desk without my laptop and my Sony KDL-32BX300.  This TV keeps me out of the library because it reliably increases my productivity in the comfort of my own dorm room.  At times I truly miss the 27" iMac that I have at home, but by coupling my laptop with this TV, I have an even better computing experience.