I'm in love. Researched new TV's like I was studying for an exam. And this model is what I came up with out of reading everything that was out there, and talking to every techy person or high end TV store rep. I didn't want a 3D tv, but I wanted all the bells and whistles. My main concerns was buzzing cause I saw a lot of people talk about buzzing. Well after talking to quite a few high-end stores and specialty home theater stores, all calmed my fear down in saying that TVs only buzz in high altitude locations. I got my TV, I do not live in a high altitude location and NO buzzing what so ever. My tv is on right now, with no volume and no sounds or buzzing what so ever. So if you're worried about buzzing find out if you're in a high altitude location and find TVs suitable for your location.The other thing I was worried about because of reviews was poor sound. I was fine with getting a soundbar but once I got the TV, I can't imagine needing anything additional sound systems without annoying and disrespecting everyone around me. The sound is great. I have watched lots of shows and movies in the last 2 months and never had a thought that I needed better sound.Now for the picture... AMAZING!I wanted a tv that would look amazing at any picture level. 480, 720 or 1080. And this TV does. I do not pay for cable or HD sucker cable. Basically TV looks amazing, and sharp, and every show I watch through my laptop connection (I have a macbook) looks amazing as well. I free stream movies and they look amazing. Old DVDs in my Samsung 6500 blu-ray looks like I'm watching them for the first time. Movies that I have seen in theaters, looks way better than what they can deliver on screen. I'm blown away with the crispness. At times people and myself feels like it looks 3D almost even though it's not.The black or dark scenes looks amazing as well. The amount of details that this TV shows in the dark scenes is crazy. Our friend bought the Panasonic Viera series and their dark scenes looks like a washed out black spot on the screen. There is no details not contrast what so ever, you just see a black void. This TV, shows you great contrast, and true blacks with details.It tilts very far in both directions so I can watch from any room, especially as far as my kitchen, and the remotes from my kitchen, which is pretty far and not exactly a straight line of site, but the remote works.The remotes works my blu-ray, but I wish the remote light button, would keep the remote lights on once you press it. The remote light button, turns the remote light option on. But you still have to press a dark button to get the light to turn on, which seems quite silly. I need the remote light to KNOW and SEE which button I want to press. Grrrr ok that's a little annoying. LOLThe internet options are a kewl feature, cant wait until there are more options available. The the netflix, vudu, and youtube seems to be serving us quite well.All and all, a bright, true color, true skin tone, great sound, crisp, sharp, virtually 3d picture that I'm more than happy with.I bought through Amazon, and thought the price was a great value for what I got. Pilot delivered and set it up, though when I bought the TV, It states, if you buy it now, it will be delivered on this date. But Pilot was not able to deliver it on the date Amazon had advertised it to be. But that wasn't a huge deal for me. When it was delivered, Pilot had it set up in less than 10mins, I calibrated it myself with CNET's info.Beautiful TV inside and out.Also, I would like to address a few issues, that others seem to be stating.- TV Temp... my tv doesn't get hot at all in my opinion. I had a very old 25" picture tube tv before this, and that thing gave off more heat in an hour than this TV does running all day. I have to put my hand within a 1/2 of inch of the TV to feel any warmth. My friend has a 40" LCD tv from 4 years ago that you can feel the heat just walking by the tv. Lastly, and more importantly my electricity bill has gone down a few bucks so far.- The TV stand is sleek, solid and sturdy. Not sure why people say it's flimsy. It's holding up a 60 lb tv and twirls it with no problems, no shaking no wobbling.- Image Retention, is not bad at all. Especially if you're slowing breaking in the TV for the first 200 hours like you're suppose to. Meaning, I have lowered my cell light between 10-15 depending if I'm watching a tv show or movie. I try not to pause anything for more than a few minutes so it doesn't stick to the screen. And at the end of the day, I use the scroll feature to remove anything left.