Let me start by saying I have read some of the reviews about the 47' and after purchasing I was skeptical, but when I received the TV I was thoroughly satisfied. Some of the 'issues' that some reviewers had such as not finding an analogue output etc. and the image being too clear (whatever that meant) is no fault of Vizio...its just that some persons do not take the time to do their research and just want to jump into new technology. Here's a reality check - 'Any item that will do multiple functions will need some brains.' In other words, if you are a dummy then the TV will not bode well with you. You will get a soap opera effect but, duh, you have to change the settings in order to get the fantasy effect (Game Mode).Here are a few helpful points from my experience so far:I have a XBOX 360 with kinect and I have played Halo 4, Forza, Dance Central and Kinect Star Wars and the image is fine. No problems.I have the TV hooked up to my stereo via analogue and through the microphone jack. You just need to find the correct adapters to make it work and they are very cheap to buy (about $0.50). I have had one for 7 years. With these you will get a very good surround effect. No need to purchase some expensive home theatre system. And I have listened to the expensive theatre systems and my system is far better sounding.The TV picks up the internet just fine....once you have a good router.I have watched a few movies and at first they were so clean that you can clearly see the soap opera effect but when I changed the settings the image was movie quality.The only downside to this TV is that it is larger than the regular LCD TVs but it is not that big that it will not fit in your living room or on your wall. Besides, its not like you will be going to work with it in your pocket every day and will have to cry out about the 42lbs weight in your pocket. It will either be on a wall or on your TV stand.The shipping was great and the box it came in was very sturdy. Amazon delivered as promised with Prime.As to the life of the TV, I will update every 2 to 3 months on its performance. I do agree with one writer where he said most persons posting were new buyers and I only got this TV a few days ago, so I will update to let you know of the long term performance.Again, this Smart TV (as the box says) is not for Dummies!Update - December 28, 2012Its been one month since I bought the TV and it is still going strong. I had the opportunity to test the 3D and it works excellent. The images are very close to cinema 3D. Also, the TV works great with the internet. Me and my wife are enjoying this product!Update - April 17, 2013Watched Amazing Spiderman 3D and Titanic 3D and it was fantastic! This TV works great - 5 months going strong!