I bought this exact model the PN50C8000. One might get the impression that it is silver. I'd call it a dark grey brushed metal look. Which is fine IMO.One thing that is not often publicized for some reason is the fact that plasma's are not even close to as bright as newer LCD models. This worried me a little.But when I got it; it took some tweaking but I was able to get exactly the color/brightness I wanted for normal viewing and 3d viewing. All 3d glasses are tinted so it's good to have a very bright setting for when you view 3d.Electronics review websites always talk about how plasmas can do extreme blacks. I set it to where the blacks are on the darkest setting.  Honestly I was surprised that the blacks are not all that dark (note this is my first plasma I'm not comparing it with other plasmas). The 8000 series LED LCD Samsungs seem about the same when it comes to blacks, of course I have not seen both inside my living room environment so I can't make a perfect comparison. I don't actually care; either tv would be dark enough for me. I just thought I'd point this fact out.The primary reason I bought a plasma over a 8000 series LCD has nothing to do with price or darkness levels, it was for superior 3d viewing. 1.) Less eye strain. I have read on more than one electronics site and electronics magazines that the 600hz viewing of plasmas (and the way the image is drawn on the screen) has been proven to provide less eye strain for 3d viewing. 2.) Viewing angle is always better for plasma over LCD. (This is important for 3d because loss of lighting and clarity is a big deal when you are already limited by the glasses.) 3.) Clearly there is a issue with mixing LCD tech with 3d since if you tilt your head the image splits apart. (This DOES NOT happen with the plasma) and 4. All the reviews I've read say plasma's have tested better for 3d viewing.My complaints are minimal but I think they justify giving 4 stars instead of 5. One is that the TV decides to turn off 3d mode on it's own if you for example exit a Playstation 3 game or change to another input. I understand their reason for doing this but I prefer to just have manual control of it on my own. Also I couldn't get the red and white audio out ports to work, even when I selected to switch to alternate sound output. I suspect it was just something I was doing wrong but it shouldn't be something that requires much effort. I gave up on that because I also had the choice of optical or using the headphones port for my audio so it wasn't a big deal. Another minor complaint I have is the stand is particularly heavy. Obviously it's good to have a sturdy stand but they could have made it strong and much lighter weight and I don't think it would have made for any greater risk of the TV tipping over or something..On a side note; when manufactures say that you should sit closer for optimal 3d viewing than normal viewing they mean it. I'm glad I didn't get any smaller than 50 inches.For optimal 3d immersion I found I like sitting just 5 feet from the screen. For normal viewing I sit at about 8-10 feet from the screen.