This TV replaces a Mitsubishi 55" rear projection TV that we bought 3 1/2 years ago.  Really liked the Mits but right after the warrenty expired (@ 1 year....learned our lesson the expensive way about buying an extended warrenty!!)the infamous 'white stars' problem developed & flourished.  The cost of repair would have been $800+ so decided to ditch the projection TV & try a LCD one.  After several days of Internet searching, we decided on this Sony 55" EX500 series TV. While we didn't buy this set through Amazon.com, we did get a very good price on it at our local BestBuy electronics store.  We also purchased their 4 year extended warrenty. The setup was easy, once we got it out of the box (most difficult part so that shows you how easy the rest of setup was). The picture was not ready to go for us out of the box as it has been reported by other reviews I had read.  We had to do quite a bit of adjusting.  Flesh tones still need a little more work.  We were comparing this picture to our deceased Mits DPL picture, which was excellent.  After our adjustments, I can say that we are pretty happy with the picture & color.  The HD is very nice.  No complaints there. The sound is fine.  We have external speakers that we will connect it up to when we want the movie effect.  Otherwise, for everyday viewing, the sound is fine for us.  The remote is great, easy to navigate & easy to use. This set has more inputs than our DPL which really makes my husband happy.  The shiny frame does not bother us. Matte screen is a must in our living room.  Overall, it is a nice looking TV. One thing that is a bit of a nuisance & hopefully not a long term problem, is the slight odor that this set emits (on or off).  We really noticed it when we walked into our living room where the TV is located this morning.  I had read on other reviews that there was an odor problem.  While it is not a problem for us humans (we get used to it & don't notice it as the day wears on), I am hoping it will not be a problem for our pets, especially our birds that share the living room with this new set.  Will call Sony tomorrow & see what they say about it.  Maybe it dissipates after a while?  The verdict is out on that for now.Bottom line:  This is a nice set for the price.  We did get to compare pictures & prices with other same size sets, different manufacturers, while at the store & still came home with the Sony EX500 55".  Part of the decision being that we have had great luck with our other Sony products (VCR, 32" LCD, Blu-Ray, CD player etc.) We are looking forward to a longer life with this set than we had with the Mits.