I just purchased this TV, and it had problems right out of the box. Right side of the screen has red dots that move in randoms directions. I called Samsung warranty and created a service request. A week later I got a call from service center that was 90 miles away. They were trying to diagnose problem over the phone because they couldn't send a tech to check it out because it's "too far away". So 3 days later they called me back to tell me that the part was ordered, so I asked what kind of part is it? They told me its an internal cable. That didn't make any sense to me, but I said ok. So 2 weeks later they showed up at my house to replace the cable and before the tech even took my tv apart he said that it's not going to solve the problem, it's just a cable!!! So he told me that the paned is bad and it needs to be replaced. He also said that that kind of problems occur on Samsungs all the time, so when my warranty expires I would have to pay it out of my pocket. He said that sometimes they would order a new panel from Samsung and it would come with a defect from factory. Now, apparently Samsung has no quality control and they use the cheapest parts they can find. At this point I hope they can fix my TV, if the second repair is going to be unsuccessful, they should give me a new TV. The reason why I didn't ship my TV back is because I threw the box away, and the tech told me that new TV from Samsung might have the same problem, if not now then in the future, maybe after my warranty expires, so the best thing to do is fix the existing problem now while its free.Samsung has the best picture out of al TV's out there, but they sell defective unit to people and do nothing about it. Samsung had same problems with their LCDs and LEDs for years and they keep manufacturing this crap without correcting they problems. Sony has no problems with parts, but their picture quality is not as good as Samsung. So decide...Update:Here is the transcript of my chat with tech support:Chat Information Please wait for a Samsung Agent to respond.Chat Information You are now chatting with 'Susana Y'Susana Y: Hi, thanks for reaching out to Samsung tech support. How can I help you today?Visitor: Hello, I have purchased a TV few week ago from samsung and I had issues with it(screen). I created a service request and they came by my hose to fix it today.Susana Y: Okay.Visitor: They replaced an internal cable, but it didn't solve the problem. The technician told me that the panel is bad and need to be replaced. Since the panel is the major and most expensive part of the TV and it only few weeks old, is samsung going to replace the TV? The problem occured from day 1.Susana Y: I'm sorry for the inconvenience.Susana Y: When did you get the unit serviced?Visitor: todaySusana Y: Did you file the online service request?Visitor: I did, few weeks ago(on 02/10/11).Susana Y: Okay.Susana Y: In this regard, please contact the service center to fix the issue.Visitor: I repeat the question: "The technician told me that the panel is bad and need to be replaced. Since the panel is the major and most expensive part of the TV and it only few weeks old, is samsung going to replace the TV? The problem occured from day 1."Susana Y: I understand your concern.Susana Y: Please provide me with the model number of the TV.Visitor: UN46C7000WFXZASusana Y: Thank you.Susana Y: You can purchase the parts from J & J Parts.Visitor: Excuse me?Susana Y: Yes, please go ahead.Visitor: You can purchase the parts from J & J Parts.... what is that?Susana Y: I'm sorry, Samsung do not provide replacement for the panel.Visitor: It's under warranty.Susana Y: I can understand, however, there is no replacement for the panel.Visitor: ??? The TV is only few weeks old, its under warranty, and your repair guys said it needs a panel. How is it not covered? You sell defective TVs to people and then refuse to replace it??Susana Y: I can understand your requirement. However, replacement is not provided for the panel of the TV. If I have any other option to process request for the panel replacement I would have really helped you.Susana Y: I hope you understand my scope.Visitor: I hope you understand that samsung is going to see me in courtThen I had a chat with another agent and he told me it's covered under warranty.Aghhhhhhhhh.........