We had been planning on getting a 3D TV to replace our 2D 42" Panasonic plasma (now moved to the bedroom)  We initially looked at the Samsung 58" and the Sony 55".  When Panasonic made theirs available, we looked at it and preferred it.  Recent sale offers from Amazon caused us to get it now.First, the appearance of the set is superb.  Sleek, glossy black exterior with a touch of silver and a stand that looks good but doesn't distract you from looking at the screen will fit many decors.  OK, it isn't as "skinny" (front to back) as LCD/LED sets, but we've always preferred the color  and contrast of a plasma set.  Also, 3D appears more natural in plasma.The initial setup is fairly straight forward, but there were items I encountered that I felt required more than a 0ne line on screen description or short sentence in the manual.  There are many options for both video and audio, so you should find that things can be adjusted to your liking.  I particularly like the THX setting.I tested the set using the Avatar disc in 3D.  The quality of the picture was outstanding.  In some respects, it was even better than what I'd seen in theaters.  There were some scenes that had a slightly layered look in the theater, but didn't appear so with the Panasonic.  Now, if they will only release more good 3D content.The only negative in this whole experience is the firm Amazon uses to ship TVs, Home direct USA and the trucking firm used from the nearest terminal to my home.  The TV was picked up in Goodyear, AZ on 12/30  and arrived in Santa Fe Springs, CA on 1/3.  Its projected delivery date was 1/5.  When I'd heard nothing by 1/4, I decided to speak to a "customer care" person.  I really don't know if she was a bit on the slow side or was trained to treat everyone like a 4-year old.  After putting me on hold for a couple of minutes to call the terminal of American Relocation and Logistics, the trucker in CA, she came back on the line to tell me they disconnected her and would I like her to try again.  Then she came back and told me the people to speak with were both on the phone and gave me their phone number to call.  If she'd done that originally, I'd have spent 5 less minutes getting nowhere.  I called that number and spoke to a woman who looked up the waybill number and told me that though she hadn't received the information in their usual manner, she would schedule it for the earliest slot she had available, 1/6.  When I protested it was supposed to be delivered 1/5, I got the usual meaningless apology.  I provided each person I spoke with, an additional phone number I could be reached at if I was outside my home.  They all took it down, but the papers the driver had only had the original.  The driver and his assistant were quite professional and unpacked the set and tested it, while still standing in part of the packing box, telling me that for liability reasons, they were not permitted to attach the set to its stand.  Now, either that is buried in some of Amazon's fine print or it was a condition not included in the product description.  Attaching the set to its base requires two people or Arnold Schwarzenegger.To sum it all up, the TV rates 5 stars, the shipper, minus 10.UPDATE:  Almost a month later, and I am still in love with this set.  I have found one very minor flaw in the design that is so limited, most people won't be effected.  You can stream Pandora Radio from the Internet with this TV, and while there is a screen saver function, there is no way (at least, that I can find) to turn the display off while listenting to Pandora.  As I said, it is a very minor issue that won't effect many folks.