For the most part I am in full agreement with the reviews that have been posted. Picture quality is great, Nice clean look, I am not experiencing any noticeable noise/buzz from the tv. Delivery from CEVA was not as smooth as I would have liked, I chose scheduled delivery 12 - 4 PM, I did not receive a call the night before nor the morning of the scheduled delivery. Rather than trust fate, I called CEVA at 9 AM they were surprised that I had not been contacted and did apologize. They then indicated that I would get a call from the driver an hour before the delivery. Being that it was a Friday rather than waiting for a call from the driver, I decided to leave the office a little after noon. It was a good thing that I did, when I arrived at home (around 12:30) the delivery truck was there and the driver indicated that had another five minutes gone by he would have left. Bottom line, you definitely want to be proactive if CEVA is delivering.Delivery issues aside, two other items of note. There are currently no games available from Samsung Apps for the plasma TV model. This is not well advertised, even Samsung Tier 1 and Tier 2 support were unaware of this. It took me a week of calling Samsung before this was disclosed to me. Apparently more focus is being placed on the LCD/LED TV where Samsung Apps is concerned. I've posted my initial chat transcript below for those that are interested.One other, in my opinion, odd limitation is the default behavior of the TV when the Samsung Blu-ray player is turned off if using the Anynet+ feature. Anynet+ is Samsung's implementation of HDMI CEC. This feature is pretty handy, for example when I turn on the Blu-ray player the TV is automatically turned on and the input is automatically change to the HDMI input that the Blu-ray is on. The behavior I don't like is when the Blu-ray player is turned off the input on the TV is switched to the Antenna (TV) input. That may be fine for most folks but it sure would be nice if that default behavior could be changed to automatically switch it to another input such as HDMI1 which is the input I'm using for my CABLE STB. It's not a huge issue I just find it strange that it's hard coded and cannot be changed.Ultimately despite this, I still would have purchased the Plasma TV over the LED TV.info: Please wait for a Samsung Agent to respond.info: You are now chatting with 'Rachael T'Rachael T: Hi, thanks for reaching out to Samsung tech support.  How can I help you today?Visitor: I don't have a games category under Samsung Apps on my TV like the examples displayed under the SPSTV appRachael T: Please allow me to go through the inquiry.Rachael T: Let me know the complete model number of your TV. It will be located on the back or side of the TV.Visitor: PN58C8000Rachael T: Would you  mind holding a few minutes, while I those details for you?Visitor: No I don't mindRachael T: Thank you.Rachael T: Thank you for being on hold.Visitor: no problemRachael T: Let us try to reset the TV.Visitor: OKRachael T: Turn the TV on and hold down the EXIT button on the remote control for 10 seconds. You will be prompted with a couple questions, just select Yes to both and the TV will be completely reset.Rachael T: Let me know the status once you have done the above steps.Rachael T: It has been a while since I received the message from you. Are you with me?Visitor: yes internet tv is performing a service updateRachael T: Okay that's fine.Visitor: That did not appear to work, I'm still missing the game categoryRachael T: As we have tried to reset the TV which should over come the issue and as the problem still persist I suggest you to contact our level-2 support for further assistance regarding the issue ,I will provide you with their number.Rachael T: I recommend you contact our Tier2 department at 800-726-7864 and they are available from 9:00am - 9:00pm(EST), Monday - Friday, 9:00am - 7:00pm(EST), Saturday and Sunday.info: Your chat transcript will be sent to [...] at the end of your chat.Visitor: Ok that is what I will do. Thanks for your timeRachael T: You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?Visitor: not at this timeRachael T: Thank you for chatting with us. If you have a minute, please press the "close" button and fill out a brief survey to help us serve you better. Have a wonderful day!Tired of tech TV shows that only review your product?  Check out Samsung SPSTV "Keep It Simple" every Thursday and Friday where we show you live on the web how to get the most out of your Samsung product.  Just click here to check us out online.