One star because it does suffer from Brightness pops and fluctuating brightness!  IF it wasn't for the fluctuating brightness then this television would have been rated 5 stars.  To anyone reading and considering purchasing any television where consumers complain that there is 'brightness pops' or fluctuating brightness, then I implore you to RUN in the other direction and choose their competitor.Samsung does not stand behind this product and has still to acknowledge that this is an issue by rolling out an update like Panasonic had done to remedy the same issue.  Another slap in the face is the fact that in the SAMSUNG SMART TV apps, Amazon is not included nor supported.  Their reasoning is that the televisions in the D line are not recommended for to be able to show the content properly.  They think that these expensive televisions cannot stream Amazon videos!  What a sham!  The Samsung Smart apps are a joke and slow down everything.  There is nothing intelligent about the interface.Aside from the 'pops'... the picture is beautiful/stunning.  The colors are amazing and I can begrudgingly agree with my family that the 3D looks great as well.  I personally hate 3D and always get a headache from it; but I will admit it is a cool fad.  The television was not purchased for the 3D, that was just an afterthought.  There have not been any burn issues and we did not bother 'conditioning' the plasma or calibrating.  We have owned it since October 2011.  We previously owned a Panasonic plasma commercial model from 2004; that television is still beautiful and has been moved to the bedroom.If you are not sure what fluctuating brightness is...  when you are watching a program and the scene changes from dark to bright, or from white background to a darker one, you will notice something like a flashlight popping.  Another way to describe it is that the screen dims and brightens to adjust to the new color.  At times it is barely noticeable; then there are times that the scenes keep on shifting and you feel as if you are going POP POP POP POP and you scream: DAMN BRIGHTNESS POP! (True story!)  In our home after the initial denial that we did indeed notice POPS, then came the depression.  Now we are at a point where we announce it to the whole house and mess up everyone's viewing pleasure.  Many times I will announce 'POPS' in the middle of a scene and my Husband will become upset because he didn't notice them until I said something.  This leads me to believe that EVERYONE'S model is suffering from the same issue but some individuals are more sensitive to it then others.  Then again... maybe those people are just in denial because it would be so sad to think that we all spent thousands upon thousands on a product that seems to have a defect.Does it buzz?  Well, for me it never did; until the day I walked right in front of it and couldn't figure out what that annoying buzzing was.  I swore it was every other gadget.  My husband confirmed by stating that he had heard it buzzing one night when he was napping on the couch and the volume was low.  The way around this is to jack up your volume LOL.So.. it buzzes and it pops and is not a cereal unfortunately.  If it wasn't for those defects then it would be perfect.  I truly believed that after reading countless reviews and researching on the AVS Forums that maybe I would be a lucky one that received a 'newer' model.  NO... there are not lucky ones... just your ability to realize that there is truly something wrong with your television and not your eyes when the brightness fluctuates quickly.Do NOT RECOMMEND!!  Please do not purchase.  Samsung will not release an update.  IF you would like to research the brightness pops phenomenon, then read all the reviews on Amazon, the internet, page dedicated on Facebook and finally AVS forums.  You will regret it the moment you notice that first pop and hear that first buzz.