6 years ago I got myself a 54" HDTV from Panasonic. One of those rear projection TVs that you might barely remember. It was the final year of production for Panasonic. Ever since then, I am hooked on to HDTV. The Plasma HDTV that followed was way too expensive and the following LCD HDTV were too "unreal" esp. with their inability to deal correctly with color bands and blacks. Fast forward to Christmas this year, and Plasma HDTVs are at a price point which equals my buying price 6 years ago. Time to buy.So I started researching various HDTV review sites including amazon, avs forums, hi def junkies, and especially televisioninfo.com for a critical objective review from TV experts. Once I assimilated all my information, I made the decision to go for the Samsung D6500 series since it was a step up from the D550 series in terms of wifi, smart tv apps, higher contrast levels and Anti Reflective screen without the drawbacks of the Black Filter found on the next high up series (reduced viewing angle). In short, the D6500 was the best compromise.So why not the Panasonic Plasma one might ask. The true answer is that a Panasonic Plasma is what I wanted in the first place. But after reading all the reviews esp. on televisioninfo.com, I decided to give the Samsung HDTV a shot, especially with the price/feature levels on the D6500. Good thing Amazon has a Free 30 day return policy so it gave me the reassurance to try out my hunch. And I am impressed.It has been about 2 weeks now and I have tried out the HDTV content as well as the 3D TV content on Direct-TV and it has been a stunning experience for me as well as all of my family members. My kids hated 3D movies in the cinema hall as it always gave them headaches. No more. with the bluetooth 3D glasses SSG-3100 and SSG-3500 (purchased as open box items from Ebay) the 3D content viewing is pain free and we can watch whole movies and not even get distracted by the glasses. They are that good. No Flicker, No Ghosting. Pure 3D immersion from any angle in the Media room. I have even sat at 60 degrees from the center and only 4 feet away and it was perfect.As far as picture settings/calibration go, here is what I am using after trying out the presets available. Rather than using any "software", I like to adjust according to what I like to see. This is for my viewing pleasure not somebody else's.Picture - Relax modeBrightness - 35Contrast - 100Cell light - 20Color Temp - CoolBlack Level - LowEco - OnSo where do I have it set up? Not on the wall. Why? for the simple fact that I like to move my furniture around every 12 months or so. Secondly, I have a Yamaha 5.2 Receiver, a Directv receiver, a PS3 and my Wi-FI Router. They all take up space anyways so the idea of mounting the TV on the wall to save space sounds ridiculous. My TV is on a table 20 inches high, with the AV components stacked underneath it. At a distance of 12 feet, it is at perfect eye level from my cinema seating sofas. I pity the folks who end up watching their HDTV mounted high up on the wall not realizing that they are straining their necks in that process.So what is not to like? The smart TV apps are good, but anyone who owns a PS3 will realize that they do not hold a candle against the sheer processing speed and power of the PS3 apps. In essence they work, but they are slow to scroll through list of programs, FF and REW, etc.And yes. I am not using the Wi-Fi. Rather it is plugged directly into my Wireless Router.Another thing to mention is that as soon as I turned it on, the TV found an update pushed out from Samsung and it went ahead an updated the TV.To all those who have experienced the brightness flicker/pop (read on AVS), I have not experienced anything like that. Is it due to my settings? or the Samsung update? I don't know, and do not want to find out as I am enjoying the TV as it is right now.The final "wow" moment? I also got 10% off the price in my cart as I used my Discover Card.