I did not buy from Amazon but I'd like to say its overall performance has been excellent. As all products have pros/cons, my experience tilts the pros in its favor. The deep black is impressive as all the pro reviews state. Out of the box the picture looks great but can be overpowering after awhile, its so bright and vivid at least in my room setting (shady room). After 3wks+ ownership and some tweaking with tips from online sources its a pleasure. Blu-ray even more stunning as I watched Dark Knight again...a very different experience from prior tv. The blackness of the panel really brings to life all the colors even in the dark scenes and 1080/24 resolution BD playback seems to have made a significant difference. Frameless appearance fits well in my room setting.Some usage feedback, the settings menu navigation to adjust picture should be up front at 1st level instead of 2nd level to even 3rd level menus then need to back out of each menu level to see the picture effect can be tedious if doing it for any length of time. Some settings show a small horizontal bar to set/view the effect but some menus take up half the screen so its difficult to judge picture effect at times. However, like the remote that comes with it, even controls PS3 DVD playback and I like the automatic port switching when you turn-on/off PS3 goes to/from cable. Don't like the cables/port arrangement to insert perpendicular to back of TV prefer if it was insertable parallel to back panel, as my wall bracket is closer to the wall and thick cables hard to fit easily so had to switch to thinner HDMI cables.My only viewing gripes have to do with HD cable as each station tends to have varying degrees of color saturation and sometimes the red overpowers the flesh tones and the blood in some scenes have a tinge of purple/fuscia as opposed to blood red, very obvious when another red object in the scene or its just the producers poor choice of color for fake blood, otherwise stunning for other stations especially sports. I've learned to ignore it to just enjoy watching or could bring in a pro tuner for a marginal tweak IMO.The speaker volume in my room requires 50-75% vol setting but once you setup w/external soundbar or HT system its better and can back it down to 30-40% of range...native TV should have sufficient sound capacity for this price range. 52" Size is great for me (as I had a 720p/1080i 42" LCD which I loved) the combination of newer panel tech/electronics and full array local dimming has apparently refined the picture quality to a new level than when I bought my old panel years ago. The debate plasma/lcd, choice is simple for me w/this panel, plus it generates almost no heat maybe 10 degrees above ambient room temp. Have not tried 3D as I was only interested in basic 2D capabilities and satisfied with purchase. Going to wait for a mature direct view 3D experience as I don't like wearing the 3D glasses to watch a movie.