Yesterday I received my Toshiba 47TL515U 47-Inch Natural 3D 1080p 240 Hz LED-LCD HDTV and quickly set it up for viewing.I was a bit apprehensive about buying such an expensive product over the Internet for home delivery. No issues. The unitarrived in good shape. Although I have not yet explored all of its capabilities I am very happy with my product:- Power up time: I kept reading that it would take a long time to power up. Not so. It takes about 5-10 secs maximum so no  issue with me there.- Support pedestal: I read that it was unstable and that screws did not align well with holes. Not so. I mounted the pedestal  very easily and it is very sturdy. Sure it moves a little but it is to be expected since the TV is fairly heavy for its size.- Picture quality: I read it was questionable compared to Samsung. Not so. It is excellent. You do have to calibrate it but we  all do that one way or the other to adjust it to what we like. Recommend URL: [...]  to research by TV model and get feedback/recommendations on calibration settings. Recommendations are subjective as I have  tried some of them and either liked them or not so it's ultimately up to what YOU like.  I am very happy and impressed with all of this product's capabilities (NetTV, Netflix, Yahoo Gadgets, Pandora, YouTUBE). I  am only scratching the surface with this TV and am looking forward to continuing to calibrate it to my liking. At the end  of the day it is not what CNET says but whether we the users are happy or not. Right now I am a believer, 'two thumbs way up'.- Footprint: For a 47" TV I was afraid it would be too big for placement in the corner of my living room. Not so. It has a  deceivingly small foot print for its size. Although it is recommended the unit be placed at 'eye level' I converted my  previous TV cabinet (designed for picture tube TV's) and am now using it as a platform to put my new TV on top of it. Sure  it is a bit elevated but because of the TV's screen size, IT LOOKS GREAT from anywhere.- User's manual: It is included. Read that you would have to 'download it from the internet'. Not accurate. The packaging does  come with a hardcopy of the manual which is very user friendly.I did extensive research on this and other TV's that are similar and all in all this is a safe bet and excellent purchasefor its price, given how many attributes/features it has. Perhaps I am bit biased because I have always had Toshiba TV's butit's like comparing apples to oranges because my previous units were picture tube TV's. This is the first Toshiba HDTV LED-LCDunit I have purchased and once again, it rocks. You will find no better TV for the price, picture quality/calibrationattributes, and features when you compare it to other brands side by side:Links to find more information on this TV:[...]Enjoy!!!!!