COMPARISON: I spent a long time researching LED TVs before buying the Samsung UN55D8000. The final test was a side by side comparison of a Samsung UN55D8000, an LG Infinia 55LW5600 and a Sony Bravia 55HX820. All three are 3D Edge lit LEDs, with different technologies for local dimming (controlling the light dark levels in different areas of the screen). The one other relevant difference was that the LG was a 120Hz (TruMotion), the Samsung a 240Hz (Auto Motion Plus) and the Sony a 480Hz (Motionflow XR), which are all different trade names for a technology to reduce blurring seen on fast moving objects.PICTURE QUALITY: The biggest and most obvious difference was the picture quality. The colors, contrast and in general the "life like" quality of the Sony and Samsung were very obviously better than the LG. This was not a subtle difference. The LG seemed more faded and washed out when you compare it side by side with the other two. I spent a lot of time playing with the video settings on the LG (I was at a HHGregg and they were really flexible - just gave me the remotes and left me alone) - but no luck. I don't thing the 120 vs 240/480 Hz has anything to do with this. The screen, and the LED local dimming technology of the LG is just not as good as either the Samsung or Sony.I did not see any difference between the Samsung or the SonyThere was a noticeable difference in the motion blur between the LG (120Hz) and the Samsung/Sony (240, 480Hz), but not huge. There was a basketball game on, and all the fast movement made the difference more obvious. Again - no difference between the Sony and Samsung.APPEARANCE: The Samsung and the Sony both have a very thin bezel, and yes this does make a difference. It is all picture and very little "TV" - very classy.DECISION: The choice to go for Samsung instead of the LG was easy: big upgrade in picture quality. A HUGE deciding factor between the Samsung and Sony was the flexibility in playing my  media collection. Sony is VERY restrictive in the video formats it supports. Samsung plays pretty much everything I have - avi, mkv, mp4, wmv, DVDs ripped to vob files - in fact almost everything out there except flv.AFTERTHOUGHTS: I've had the TV for a month now and I'm very happy with the purchase. I haven't noticed any of the bleed through or edge light artifacts that I've seen mentioned here. The backlit SAMSUNG logo at the bottom was distracting, but its easy enough to turn off. I suspect that these "issues" don't bother most people, or are simply not really visible when watching regular TV. The picture quality is outstanding. Sometimes its like looking through a window!I'm not big on 3D, but I've seen some of the streaming 3D previews and nature documentaries available through Smart Hub and the quality is very good. I do see some strange artefacts - a sort of blurring/ pixellation - on some parts of the image, especially when the camera is panning, or when there's moving water. This is very likely because of limited wireless bandwidth - I have a wireless G network, not an N, and 3D streaming takes a LOT of bandwidth. This was probably also the reason the streaming 3D video would pause a couple of times during playback - something that never happens when I'm using Netflix. I would have to see a 3D Blu Ray to reliably comment on 3D quality. In general though, since 99.9% of my TV and video watching is 2D, 3D is not a big issue for me.The Wireless reception is excellent, and setting up the network for Netflix was very easy - The remote has a full keypad on one side which helps a lot in typing in passwords etc (The remote has a gyroscope/sensor, so the keypad is inactive when its facing down, during normal use). The really irritating thing though is that the keypad does not work for the search input on Netflix or YouTube, which I hope they fix soon!I've used Samsung's Allshare media server software to stream videos and music from my laptop through the wireless network and it works just fine (as does other media server software - Serviio is a good alternative. I prefer hooking up my hard drive directly to the TV, because nether Allshare nor other media software allow you to rewind and forward videos.The Android remote app is also excellent - it is a full feature remote and easy to set up. I've also been using the imediashare lite android app to stream stuff from my phone.I can't comment on the customer service since I haven't had any issues, but I got a great deal on a 3 year in-home service plan at the store I bought the TV, so I'm covered.A FINAL WORD - I'd seen some reviews mention that they don't get Dolby 5.1 surround from Netflix, and this was a downer - I couldn't get a clear answer to that at the store, or from the Samsung website. I can report now that the TV DOES support HD and 5.1 Dolby digital from Netflix - I've tested it and there's no doubt - my AV receiver shows a Dolby Digital signal. I think this is a recent thing - there was a firmware upgrade in Dec 2011, and at least one Smart Hub upgrade since I bought the TV in late Jan.