This plasma set is one of the best rated in the 42" category by most of the plasma sites.Love the twin HDMI connectors, which I use to connect an HDMI Panasonic DVD player, only one cable is required per connection for video/audio. Cable is inpervious to EMI (Electro Magnetic Interference) and Crosstalk, since it's digital and all it does is transfer ones and zeroes :) (Note, for this reason, there is NO need to spend $60 and up for the high end cables like Monster. I've bought the $4 cables from Amazon and they work great).Unit also has a cable card slot (which I don't use), PC port, and SD card slot for watching photos on your TV.The sound is very good, unit is rated at 31 W Output Power, and has four speakers (including two woofers), very good channel separation, and sound that is very nice and crisp, which should be more than enough for anyone except an audiophile in my opinion.Colors are vivid, and the images are ultra sharp.I've only had mine for about 10 days, so I have not calibrated mine yet until it's broken in. Also, I don't have HD service through my cable provider, since Time Warner is transitioning to Comcast in our area, and they're have been out of HD converters & DVRs for weeks now - Thanks Warner Cable...)The remote control is intuitive and well laid out, with big buttons, and a size that feels just right for even smaller hands. Keys are not backlit, but that's about the only fault I could find with it.A word of advice for folks that have bought plasmas and prospective buyers, is to take the set out of "torch" mode (very high picture setting, intended for showing the TV in brightly lit store showrooms, which increases wear on the screen phosphors) and lower this setting as when your unit is new to minimize burn in (see Panny's instructions below). After the first 100 hours, the unit should give you around ~60,000 hours of trouble free viewing, which translates to around 20 years of 8 hours/day viewing.Keep in mind that this phenomenon is not unique to plasma technology, CRT (Cathode Ray Tube), can and do suffer from burn-in if not used properly).Here's what you need to do per Panasonic instructions (should be applied to all brands, not just Panasonic). When your plasma TV is initially installed, the first 100 hours of use is known as the "break-in period." During this time, to minimize any risk of image retention, you should:  1. Make sure the plasma TV is in a viewing mode (aspect ratio) that completely fills the screen. The panel is shipped in this condition, in what is called the "Just" mode.  2. Turn down the Picture setting (in the Picture menu) to +0.  3. Briefly engage the 4:3 mode and confirm the side bars are set to "Mid", or "Bright". This can be adjusted in the Set Up menu.  4. Always return the display mode that fills the screen (such as Just, Zoom, Full, or H-FILL).  5. Try not to view channels with stationary backgrounds or logos for extended periods of time.  6. Avoid extended display of static images (video games, computer images, DVD title screens, etc.).After following the brake in period, you should buy a calibration DVD like Avia or Digital Video Essentials (~$40), to calibrate the unit and get the best picture possible.Mounting the unit on a wall is pretty straight forward. I've bought theEasyMount EZLCDP-02 (see my review on it, along with step-by-step install instructions), so overall I am very happy with our purchase.Pros: Awesome picture, sound, plenty of connectors, built-in HD tunner,PC port, sleek and sexy looking set, valueCons: Remote control's keys not lit