After talking to Vizio to try to get a handle on their multitude of model numbers (they seem to have more TV's than HP has printers), at least with the "E" and the "M" versions, they are the same set, just meant to be sold in different markets. The 220VA (both sets) will apply to this review.I had a chance to do a side by side with a Samsung 22" 1080 set (B2230HD) and to my surprise, this Vizio surpassed the Sammy in the detail department. Very noticeable when looking close up at faces or any other fine detail.The Sammy looked 'rolled off', soft compared to this. This is with the detail turned off (down to zero) on this set due to the excessive edginess to the image.Pros;1 1080p panel (most small sets under 32" are 720's). Advantage: computer monitor,2. Excellent fine detail compared to a equivalent Samsung model,2. Better audio than most (though that might not be saying much) as long as the SRS features are OFF. Due to the larger area below the panel, larger speakers (1"x 3" ovals) are apparently used (see below),3. Separate component and composite inputs. (many sets combine both, you can only use one or the other),4. Direct input entry for many (not all) inputs: TV, composite, component & HDMI. The 2nd HDMI input takes a second press of that button (The VGA & USB input are only through the 'Input' button),4. USB input for some media types,5. Very low power consumption. 13 to 24 watts depending on backlight setting,6. Headphone jack with adjustable bass & treble (some sets defeat the adjustments when using headphones). Can power up small bookshelve speakers, but with very low output. Running 4 ohm speakers might make enough difference,7. Decent image quality (with sharpness set to zero and 'idiot' gimmicks turned off),8, Ambient light sensor seems to work ok,9. VGA input works fine for a computer monitor (HDMI does not, see below),10. Ability to add channels they were not in the original scan but, only one memory; OTA or CATV not both (as with most sets),11. Ability to custom edit the input and station names (& call letters). Not just set choices, but almost anything you want,12 Base (not really a stand) can be left on if wall mounting since it isn't visible from the front and doesn't protrude out the back very far.Cons;1. The supplied 'base' (not really a 'stand') is a 'mother' to insert into the bottom of the panel. Extra force is needed to slide it into the mating 'tabs'. It's obvious this is a source of problems and many complaints here,2. There is no separate 'enter' button for channel entry. One has to just press the desired number and wait three seconds for the tuner to change channels. This is annoying!,3. If the channel was not in the 'master channel list', you can't access it by direct entry. There is a 'add channel' scan though,4. It takes FIVE button presses just to access the buried picture controls! Something that should not be more than one or two presses, takes five,5. HDMI is unsuitable for a PC input. Best one can do is using 1776x1000 to achieve 1:1 pixel mapping (just scan) with a 1" border around the desktop. Using any of the 'zoom' modes to 'fill' the screen destroys the mapping. The VGA has no problem and produces excellent text.6. 'Custom' picture settings are global. Set them for one input and all others have the same settings,7. Anything other than the 'Custom' setting, all the other picture modes have no adjustments available. Contrast, brightness, color, tint etc. are only available under 'Custom'. Really limits you here since other inputs may need different 'tweaking',8. Set powers down after a very short period of time with no input signal present; two minutes. A huge problem for PC use. When the computer goes to sleep or standby, the set shuts off. When you wake the PC, the TV doesn't sense the signal. You have to reboot the PC for the set to recognize the signal,9. Audio is fair. Far better than many, but still not up to the PQ level. The 'gimmicks' are a problem. SRS causes audio issues depending on the material. Leave both off!10. Remote leaves alot to be desired,11. Rear/side mounted panel controls. Hard to find, read & operate.The biggest outstanding issues are that base for the panel, picture settings, set shutting off too quickly, channel access, side/rear mounted controls and improving the audio.