I've had this Sony Tv now for a month and feel I can give an adequate review. This series of Sony HDTV is the "S" series which is Sony's lower end model (they have a "V" and "W" also).  For the price-point (under six fifty) the pic quality is not bad.  The sound using HDMI is also fine as far as volume goes.  Granted, the tone quality (richness) is not very good but none of the speakers on these HDTV's are.  Contrary to other reviews, I found the speakers to be above average.However, I really can't recommend this tv because the update (fix) did not fix anything for me.  The color shifting remains after the update and I have tried 2 of these tvs now.  Sony support has been fairly good but in the end they haven't fixed anything yet.  If you are considering this tv, please read online for complaints for the S and V series.  People mention the color shift and noise poping even after the updates so while the update may work for some people, clearly it is is not for others.  I really have spent much too much time on this.  I really wish I had just purchased a different TV even if it meant doing so at a higher cost.  If you do decide to get this tv, make sure you get a really good price on it!!Finally, the picture on this tv is pretty good and I don't doubt that the software fix work for some people.  If it had worked for me I would have given this tv 4 stars.  The fact that I've had this problem with 2 Sony's now just makes me question this model  (also, I didn't mention that I have tried different hdmi cable as well as swapped out my cable box thinking these might be the cause).All I am saying is do your research and "buyer be informed."One last thing I will mention, because I haven't seen it mentioned in any of the other reviews is about the Sony recommended memory cards for the update.  Even if you don't have a card on their list try the one you have BUT MAKE SURE you format it first as suggested in their instructions (FAT32).  I only had a 128mb card (not on their list) and it didn't work.  I noticed the Fat32 instructions and tried that and the update ran perfectly.I hope this has been helpful.*********UPDATE**********I agreed to let Sony send me a 3rd tv.  I had doubts that a 3rd would be much diff. than the first 2 but I didn't have many options.  A new tv was sent to me by Sony in a decent time with all the return info I needed so I could send the bad unit back (at no charge to me).  Sony's return service and support has been good.  However, that is all I can say that is good.The 3rd unit has most of the same issues plus some sound issues.  I have spent so much time dealing with this Tv.  I really regret it.  FORTUNATELY, I bought it from a place with a 90-day return policy.  I took it back after just over 60 days.  Good rid-dens.  I STRONGLY recommend against this model in the "S" series (Sony's low end).