First of all let's start saying that at the price I bought this T.V in Amazon ($579) this is a steal!!!. I have read almost all the reviews not only in here but in Cnet, Tiger Direct, etc. and I was afraid of the problems that some people mentioned. Let's go 1 by 1 so if you decide to buy this T.V you will avoid all the hassle others has been through.1, Problems with clarity of Signal in 3D while using games consoles etc. Bad 3d lenes.  To avoid any problems don't be cheap and stop using your old cables ot eh glasses you "forgot" to return in your movie theater. this is new technology and to enjoy it properly you have to keep with the new requirements. You don't have to break the bank to get the best of this T.V. I bought the new series 2 certified cables on this same web page the Mediabridge Ultra series ($9.99) and 3 pairs of new RealD compatible Polarized Glasses ($8.51). The best money you ever spend!.In my case the 3D image is crisp, vibrant and left almost nothing to desire in comparison to a $2.000 T.V with lenses costing $200 each!!! Yes you have to be in front of the T.V because when you moved to the sides or too much up or down the image deteriorate a bit but give me a $1.000 in savings and I will seat in the middle happy with the money I saved!!!2. Too much Ghosting - Soap Opera effect, not as vibrant image in 2D  than "more Expensive" T.Vs.The solution for these problems in my case was rather simple. I follow some of the advices from C.Rickel "Turn the auto-motion off. On this Vizio, Menu>Picture>More>Advanced>Smooth Picture Mode and turn it to "off." Always can be turned back on for a game.:  I also changed the picture quality to "Game". I adjusted the colors to increase blue to 130 decrease green 110, increase red 130. Turn off the light dimming thing. The soap opera effect disappeared, not more ghosting but a clear vibrant image.  I get my signal from a Time Warner Box that actually only sends signal at 720p (lower end of HD but some theorist and studies actually recommend this for watching fast paced action games and action movies). I get my 3d signal from a 3d/High def capable DVD.3. Bad Sound. Yes, this Vizio won't win any sound or aesthetic competition or put Bose on the brink of Bankruptcy but you can play with the settings as well.  I set "the surround sound on", "Reduced Noise" is "On" and the sound improved a bit still kind of flat. I have not done that yet but I think I will buy the VIZIO VSB200 Universal HD Sound Bar ($100) I already saved around $1.000 in comparison with the TV's I was looking for so this won't be a biggie. Sound on the other hand is "Acceptable" bass is the one that is missed like in all cheap speakers. Trust me if you are a regular user the sound is average/acceptable for a regular size room.4. Useless remote Control. Read lots of complains with the remote. Have this people ever complain while sending a text message in a I-phone or other cell phones? In comparison to the cellular phones QWERTY keyboards the keys in this remote are actually BIG and have some spacing between the keys (Try that with an i-phone 4s for example).  Yes the keys felt a little bit soft and unresponsive you have to press them to the bottom but they do the work again a regular user that has not read the negative comments most likely would not even notice.So far when I Bought the T.V there were 205 "5 stars" reviews from a 314 total reviews that means a absolute positive factor of almost 65% add the 4 stars (56 at the time I bought the T.V) and the positive appreciation factor jumps to 86%!!! I read the negatives and it is my understanding that for bad luck or careless shipping these unfortunate people received defective units. Remember there are almost around 3-5% of defective units not matter the quality of production line this is almost a fact of life and also there is around 5% of people that would never be happy with anything....Get your T.V, make your kiddos happy, save yourself some money and start enjoying 3D. I hope I help you with this, this is a great T.V good size and more than capable in any aspect you consider, easy to set up my wireless network works the apps like a charm and by the way all of this for a GREAT PRICE!!