An excellent set depending on how you set it up and use it.My criteria were:- 24-27" Wide-screen 16X9 (for small sitting area off kitchen)- High Definition- Integrated HDTV tuner (ATSC)- LCD flat panel with minimum 1366X768 resolution- 8ms response time or better- High contrast to counteract a well-lit area- HDMI input(s)- An excellent picture both in-store and in online reviewsThe Samsung LNS2651D met them all. It's mated to an HDTV satellite receiver (with dish and rooftop HD antenna) and an HD upconverting DVD player. I'm currently receiving about 17 HD channels including the "major networks", HBO, Showtime, Discovery, TNT, and a couple of ESPNs. This is important because it covers a pretty high percentage of our TV time. If you're watching the CNN and the Weather Channel 90% of the time, this set's probably overkill...look for a 4:3 EDTV and save your money. On the other hand, if primetime major network is your thing, the ATSC tuner should give you a good supply of HD quality viewing without satellite so long as your antenna setup is up to the task.This Samsung really shines in high definition, where many movies and shows leap out at you with an almost 3D image. It's wonderful with widescreen DVD, especially the HD or HD upconverting players. Colors are true, vibrant, and well-defined. Ghosting hasn't been observed, even in fast action sports, with the low response time. Contrast, brightness, and other video adjustments may initially be necessary to get an optimal picture, this is especially true with standard definition sources. Blacks are generally well done, with the caveat that some detail within blacks can be lost, especially if the overall scene is dark. No edge problems are apparent; convergence settings look good out of the box. Its 170 degree viewing angle seems as advertised and the picture doesn't easily wash out, even with too much sunshine in the room.The LNS2651D is good-to-very good in standard definition with a 4:3 aspect ratio (no fan of stretching/cropping the picture, so it's black bars on the sides for me!), about what you'd expect from 480i channels on an LCD. The mandatory noise reduction/picture enhancement circuitry (DNIe) generally works well but the inability to disengage it (without some service menu trickery) is a bit of a disadvantage but even then, it only seems to be a slight problem with low definition material.Audio quality isn't bad for what it is, small built-in speakers on a thin TV. The sound isn't tinny or shrill, but its not exactly room filling either. You do get some traces of the "SRS Tru-Surround" audio effects with movies and other programs at times, but if you're looking for theater-like audio....you know the drill, that's a separate purchase.Fit and finish on the LNS2651D is remarkable with the glossy piano-black cabinet; an exquisite-looking television. Careful searches have revealed no dead or ailing pixels on this screen, which is always a relief. The set is also attached to an articulating arm (separate purchase) allowing it to be turned completely perpendicular to its wall position. Using an HDMI connection means only three wires (two HDMIs and power) run through the wall, the arm, and then to the panel instead of 4 to 6 or more wires with other configurations.The off-kitchen area went from a mammoth 19" CRT with the rudimentary satellite receiver to a wall mounted articulating 26" widescreen HD flat panel with an HD satellite receiver and an HD upconverting DVD player. This setup was completely wired and installed for a little under $1,200...not bad when the MSRP is $100 more than that on the LCD TV alone. Buying online really makes a difference. The Samsung LNS2651D is recommended for HD and DVD lovers without reservation. You'll not be disappointed.