I just got the TV a couple of weeks a go and decided to post my first review ever on Amazon, as well this is the largest purchase I've made.  This is my first LCD purchase in a while, I've had a Pioneer Plasma that I've loved forever, but just moved to Boston and left the Pioneer back home.  The picture is extremly clear, almost too clear, sometimes I feel like the TV shows are live action TV, which takes a bit to get used too.  The features seem great.  I read through some of the comments, I'm pretty sure the C8000 doesn't have WIFI, as it wasn't an option, but I had ethernet right behind the TV so I didn't dig super deep.  The Internet options are great, can't wait to try netflix out.  The Yahoo gadget bar is cool and the Internet TV seem great, first time I've had these options on a TV.I watched the masters in 3D, pretty cool, but your eyes get tired pretty quick, active 3D makes your eyes work more than passive 3d IMHO.  I'm stuck with crappy comcast in my new building, so no 1080P coming through for other channels.  I did the 3D combo and got monsters vs aliens.  Wife and I watched a bit of it to check out the 3D.  Way better quality than the Masters in 3D, but to be honest when I remember watching HDTV for the first time versus Standard TV, that leap was way bigger than from HDTV to 3DTV, maybe when more content comes out.  I was hoping to get Avatar 3D, but those jerks are going to wait a year before releasing it.  But atleast Comcast has the 3D Channel, maybe they will do more events in the future.TV is beautiful, nice and thin.  One comment about the C9000 it won't support the pin-point dimming, so the C8000 is Samsungs best picture TV.  That touchscreen remote can be purchased, but it won't allow you to watch TV on the remote with the C8000 like the C9000 does.Setup was simple, haven't really dug deep into the features.  Sound is OK, but then again I'm used to my home theatre.  Does extremely well with the glare and I haven't mounted it on the wall and I'm using the standard stand, comes in handy to turn it slighty to get the glare from the sun out of the picture.One more thing the 3D mode has some ghosting, I wonder if that will be fixed over time.  I do think it is worse when your eyes get tired though.  I don't mind the glasses, but I wouldn't wear them in public ;-)If you are getting a new TV, go for this one, don't be put off by the 3D as a gimic, all TVs are going to ship with them, I don't think you are paying a premimum for the HD.  I still love my Pioneer Plasma, the thing is 6 years old and still has a great picture, but this is way better than the two Sharp LCDs I own, espicially the one I dropped and broke the screen on.