I, like so many other guys (and gals), who before a major purchase do all the research.  Watch, listen or read anything about the product and reviews.  Wonder and worry about paying too much and the technoligical reliability or repair issues. Compare product after product looking for the best bang for the buck.  It took me over a year to finally decide to buy this TV.  I then waited a few months more, as I saw the price dropping.  BOTTOM LINE:  THIS TV ROCKS!The weight of the set is very light 49 lbs. if I remember correctly.  That helps when it's only me and my lovely 125 lbs. wife trying to move it around and attach it to the mounting system.The picture is fantastic.  I was very concerned about the glare issue others have raised, since I do have a rather large picture window in the room. Luckily it has not been a problem at the current angle the tv is set and I do not believe that it would be an issue anyway.  The picture can be set to higher lighting conditions and in my opinion it seems to compensate very well.The touch of red surrounding the screen is very elegant and exudes refinement. I spent a whole day reading through the 115 page manual trying out the different functions and just having a ball.SETUP: The box comes with some pop out plastic plugs at the bottome center.  Once removed the top slides up and off easily.  This is a great feature that bypasses box cutters and the stress of their deployment.We pulled off the mounting bolts from the back and measured up the new ones supplied with the mount. We bolted on the supports and proceeded to remove the stand. The bottom stand is a little stubborn to get off. By detaching four small screws at the bottom rear of the set you can disconnect it from the stand.  Use a magnetic screw driver with a phillips head since they are located in deeply recessed holes.  The last one would not come out until we lifted the set up to relieve the weight on the screw.  We replaced the hole left by the stand with a supplied cover that snapped in perfectly.  We the mounted the TV to the stand, connected the various HDMI (there are 4 ports, yes really 4 of them!) within a few minutes of setup menu's, we where watching the Mummy Returns on DirectTV in HD.Then the WOW's started. My wife walked in and said, "WOW!"  My teenagers each walked in and said, "WOW! Cool!"  And finally I said, "yeah, WOW!"I was very pleased.The only con to this whole experience was the CEVA logistics delivery.  I would tell them what time I was to be at home and they would show up at a completely different time when I was gone. It took me three days and several long tirades over the phone to get my shipment. They also left the packaging for me to dispose, disposal is supposed to be included with the "White Glove" service.  Oh well, I still am very, very pleased with my purchase.