I recently purchased the Vizio Razor from Amazon, and just an interesting side note is that I purchased a 19" LCDTV by Dynex just a few months prior that I was extremely disappointed with, but this is not the case with Vizio. Anyway, here's an indepth review.Picture clarity- 9.5/10Crisp, clear and customizable.I use this TV primarily for gaming so that I don't take up the 40" and I have to say that the image clarity is really good. I played PS2, Wii, Xbox 360, Original Xbox, Dreamcast and PS3; and every console looks really nice on this screen. But there is a slight catch being that the viewing angle of this TV is a little strange. If you're viewing too low, the screen will appear dark with a shimmer, if you view too high, it looks very bright. So you have to view it at the right angle. Personally, this isn't really a problem considering the biggest problem would be viewing it from a laying position.Besides gaming, I also tested my Roku Player, regular TV and DVD. All to which I'll say still looks really good. My only problems with Roku was the fact that despite the TV's options to stretch or pan an image, some videos will come out cropped. This is probably because their native resolution was somewhere around 480i but the Roku only bumps up the quality while not messing with the resolution. Sadly, you'll have to deal with those videos if you watch them because you cannot stretch the image, so in essence, you lose about 4-6 inches of the screen.Features- 10/10Before I get into any of the main features of this TV, I want to speak on the TV's tuner. The TV works just as good as any tuner on a big TV and I got all my DTV channels. The only problem you'll run into with the tuner would be where the TV or HDTV antennae is positioned. Now, onto the features.I really liked the fact that this TV has so many connections. There's HDMI x2, component, AV, S-video, digital optical output, headphones jack, Aux, RF and USB. The usb connection will scan a usb device for photos so that you're able to see them using the TV's slideshow. This was kinda cool; but not really necessary. Unfortunately, the USB connection will only scan photos and I haven't gotten it to play music or videos.The Vizio Razor has a cool slim looking remote, but in addition to the remote design, it also has touch technology to access the menu. This means no more loud "clicking sounds" to adjust volume. I was particularly fond of this being that I'm a fan of tablets.The actual menu has a lot of options such as picture settings to adjust color, picture noise, color temperature or custom, there's audio settings featuring SRS trusound, truvolume or customizable sound with an equalizer. The equalizer was pretty decent. It lets you adjust the bass, treble and such, but I haven't used it much.There's also the autoprogramming which would be your tuner settings. There's a cool feature for the tuner being that it can tune in stereo, SAP or mono separately. Also, after scanning for channels, there's an option for scanning "for new channels" which means that whatever channel you previously had you'll keep but any new channels you find will be added. Most larger TV's or more expensive TV's don't have this feature. This TV features closed captioning, energy saving, language support and such. It just really features a lot of options.Design- 9/10I like the design. The TV is thin. It has a very slight bulkiness in the back where the connections are; but it's still very thin. It's also light.The one thing I didn't like about the TV would be it's AC adapter (which can be disconnected). The adapter just looks like a block with the "Vizio" logo.Sound- 9/10I've read some reviews on here that says the "sound is bad" and that couldn't be further away from the truth. The sound is customizable and if you leave it as default which would be "flat" then perhaps that's where the reviewers where coming from. However, being that this TV features SRS trusound and tru volume as well as an equalizer, I don't see any problems.One issue I found using this TV would be that at times if SRS trusound is turned on, the sound will echo and it is annoying. I thought it was my gaming consoles at first, but it happened with TV stations. I simply turned off the SRS trusound and problem solved.I wish it had a little more options to customize the sound, because my craptacular Dynex 19" actually has a ton of sound options not found on this TV. Also, the sound is really loud. I found that turning the volume up to 4 or even 8 was sufficient. The volume goes up to 100. When using earphones, you have to tweak the sound because it can be really low requiring you to blast the volume. This doesn't happen when using headphones.Overall, this TV is a fantastic purchase. The picture clarity is great. The only downside would be the fact that the TV's 720p with 1080i max resolution. It's good for gaming. I play Battlefield, Call of Duty, Gears of War, God of war and such on it and it looks fine. PS2 games were a little questionable at times, but you have to play with the color. I bought mine for a little over 100 dollars and are happy with it.In comparison to Sony or Samsung, I'd say that the picture clarity is about on par but slightly less. Still, the images are crisp and clear with I believe 5ms response time. This TV's a must buy if you want quality at a price that's not going to break your pockets.Edit- Apparently this TV actually does 1080P.