I did a lot of research before pulling the trigger on making a new 3D TV purchase.  This was going to be my first 3D TV and I had some criteria that had to be met: 1) great picture quality, 2) smooth 3D, 3) stylish design.  I did a lot of reading on forums and found the PN59D6500 highly recommended.  I visited several retail stores to visually compare several models of 3D TVs.  The picture quality of this Samsung model did not disappoint.When I went to the retail stores I could notice that the LED TVs were brighter compared to this model.  However, this is not always a good thing. The picture is very crisp and the colors are very warm compared to many of the LED's I observed.  Though the black levels of LED TVs are getting better, I found the Samsung plasma had slightly better black levels from side angles.  I was also very impressed by the smoothness of this plasma's 3D compared to the LED TV's.  The difference between 600 Hz and 120 or 240 Hz is huge.  I could notice some juddering in the 120 Hz and 240 Hz LED TV's, whereas the 3D on the 600 Hz plasma is very smooth.  I don't know if this was mainly due to the speed difference in the TV's or if the 3D glasses also played a role.  FYI, I have the Samsung 3100GB glasses and they are awesome at $30 each.  Very happy with these 3D glasses...they are light, affordable, and sync up flawlessly with the PN59D6500.  They also shut off automatically when you're not watching 3D to conserve battery life.  When watching 3D with the glasses, the picture is slightly darker due to the lenses, but still isn't that bad since pretty much all current 3D glasses are slightly tinted.  Overall, I'm very satisfied with the 2D and 3D performance of this TV.  The Standard picture mode is decent, but the TV really shines when you tweak the picture settings.  Do a Google search and you should find some calibration settings that you can be happy with.  The sound of the TV is very good considering that they are integrated into the TV.  Samsung did a great job with the speakers in the TV.  The sound is not tinny and has a decent amount of bass.  As far as the design of the TV, I'm glad I decided on the 6500 model.  The screen is a little reflective, but less reflective than the lower model 5500.  Also, the bezel on the TV is an attractive metal rather than plastic.  The base is also made of metal rather than plastic and has an attractive/modern look to it since it has a brushed aluminum/titanium appearance.  Another thing I liked about the design is that the TV is very thin for a plasma.  If you were to look at it from the side, you'd think this was an LED TV.From now on, I'll only order TV's from Amazon.  Forget the huge store retailers.  I saved a bunch on tax, the TV was cheaper on Amazon,  shipping was free with Amazon Prime, and the carrier that delivered the TV was very professional.  I got the white glove treatment...I didn't have to lift a finger!  They unpacked the TV and set it up to make sure everything was working.So far I only have a few very minor complaints.  However, these are so minor that I don't think you should be discouraged at all from purchasing this model.  The first complaint I have is that I notice a minor buzzing sound if I am watching directly in front of the TV from about 6 feet away.  All plasma TV's have a slight buzzing sound, but the buzz is only noticeable from a certain distance and angle.  Not that big of a deal, but once you know about it you will notice it.  But eventually when you're watching your program you eventually forget about it or get used to it.  This was something I read about in other reviews of this TV and I knew what I was getting into before making this purchase.  The second complaint I have is that it's 59 inches.  Why 59 inches?  Why not just give us the extra inch and make it 60?  Most of the TV's I saw were either 55 or 60 inches so I don't know why Samsung decided to make this 59.  60 just sounds better than 59 but whatever...not really a big deal.  You can tell your friends it's a 60 and they'll believe you.  The thin bezel gives it a larger appearance.Overall, I'd say that this TV exceeded my expectations.  I highly recommend this TV if you're in the market for a new 3D TV.