What's good: an excellent picture (good blacks, vivid though slightly unnatural colors), classy looking thin panelWhat's bad: very poor sound (single back-firing speaker, not even stereo sound),highly reflective screen (glare problem), ugly and obstructive 4-footed stand, poorly designed remote control, WiFi setup buggy.Had this TV for about a month, have not yet calibrated it with a HDTV calibration DVD but was able to eyeball adjust the brightness, contrast, and color settings to get a very pleasing  picture.  But no amount of playing with the audio settings could I get a decent sound.  Dialogs all sound tinny, the best I could do was to cut the "10K" equalization setting down to minimum to reduce the "tinny-ness" of spoken words at the expense of getting much high frequency with music.  Neither could I get any stereo effect out of the TV and playing with the "balance" audio setting made no difference in the sound.  The reason became clear when I opened the back plate of the TV.  The sound comes from a single 3" back-firing speaker, driven by a single pair of wires from the audio board.  The 3" speaker is pancake flat, giving the cone little extension for producing the lower frequency sounds.  A single pair of wires can produce only one channel of sound and my guess it's a mono channel.  I cannot understand why the specification claims "10 Watts x 2 audio power stereo broadcast reception" when there is only one speaker.The obvious solution is to get a sound bar or a home theater audio system to handle the audio.  The Samsung sound bar sounds like a good bet, but here's where Samsung fails to provide an aesthetically pleasing solution.  If the TV is not wall-mounted, the 4-footed stand prevents the sound bar from sitting right below the TV bezel.  As much as the ToC decor is meant to help with the spouse factor, the sound bar addition will send one once again to the dog house.  Samsung, Wake Up!!!  If you can't make the sound bar look good with the TV, then you can at least try to provide decent stereo sound.A few other issues with this TV and probably all Samsung LCD TV's.  The highly reflective display surface creates a very distracting reflection if there is a light source directly opposite the screen; this is especially a problem when the scene has low light intensity.  This TV is in our bedroom and the nightstand lights have to be turned off in order to watch a movie at night.The remote control leaves a lot to be desired.  Not only can it not control a Samsung DVD player, the ergonomics is far shy of other brands.  Just try using the navigational and enter keys by feel without looking and you will get an exercise in frustration.  Those keys are not sculpted to gives you any feel for which key you are pushing, and unlike other keys, they are not backlit, so when you are navigating the Samsung apps at night, you may have to turn on a light that you just turned off to avoid the screen glare problem.  Samsung could learn a great deal by studying a Toshiba TV remote.One other problem I encountered was in setting up the WiFi connection.  The same Samsung WiFi USB adapter on the Samsung Blu-ray DVD player connected to my wireless router without any problem.  Yet the same adapter failed to connect to the router when it's moved over to the TV.  This is all done with the Samsung WiFi adapter on a USB extension cable that allows the adapter to be placed in exactly the same spot regardless of which device it was wired to.  It took some playing around, but it finally got down to the fact that my router has SSID broadcast disabled.  The DVD player software has no trouble with not seeing a broadcasted SSID whereas the TV's software wouldn't initialize to it even when all the proper information was entered in the setup procedure.  When I turned on SSID broadcast, the TV connected to the router right away and the signal strength was excellent.  Once I had the TV connected to the router, I was able to disable SSID broadcast and the TV now connects to the router without a problem; so the bug seems to be only in the software for initial connection.Given all the deficiencies with this TV, as much as I liked the picture quality, I would not recommend this TV, especially at the price that has to be paid.  There are TV's with equally good picture quality, much better sound, less glare and better remote control ergonomics.