I researched for a solid week, or more before ordering this TV. I was set on a Samsung, but after reading some of the problems, on AVS forums and Highdefjunkies, I decided to look at Panasonic more closely. I read all about the Plasma burn in, the buzzing, the fluctuating brightness, and worried some more. I was set on a plasma, but was a little intimidated by all the issues.When Amazon had a sudden price drop on a model I had been researching and that HDJ, had said was a good one, (with a build date after June 2011) I decided to go for it.It was supposed to arrive in 10 days, so I made plans to get help to move furniture, and our old monster rear projection TV, out the day before arrival. Well I got a call several days early informing us that the TV was already here and since we weren't prepared, it had to wait for us. We set aside time for delivery on the date it was supposed to arrive, and we got the TV and furniture moved and ready. The delivery guy was a little late, but he called to explain and was very nice about it. It was pouring down rain when he arrived and he had to park at the end of our long drive way because his truck wouldn't make it past our apple tree. He used his dolly and got it to the steps and carried it the rest of the way. What a load for one medium sized man. He did swell. He unboxed it, made sure everything was there that should have been, and turned it on and made sure it was undamaged and worked. He got a signal. That was it. My husband put the stand together and he and I put it on top of our cabinet. It was heavy for me. We neither one are as young as we used to be, so we could have used my sons help.Well, I'd heard you have to run colored slides, to set the plasma cells, so I borrowed a thumb drive from my granddaughter and used my grandson's computer to download them and get them going. It was easy enough getting it to work, and we were off and running. My husband is a TV junkie and no way would I get him to wait four days to watch TV, so during the day, and evenings, we watched regular HD TV, but we always made sure it was full screen, using one of the settings. Sometimes we had to use the zoom, but it wasn't bad. Not quite as clear as regular HD, but better than standard TV.  It does sometimes cut off the tops of their heads though. Then I'd run the slides all night and part of the following day.I set the contrast and color below 50 and the brightness at about 65. I used the THX mode and it's still like that after having 350+ hours on it. We still watch it as above and run the slides occasionally, especially if we watch several hours of DVD movies with black bars top and bottom. I check every night when the slides are going, and don't see any black areas, no stripes, or logos, or whatever they claim, that is supposed to be causing burn in problems. I did think we had some fluctuating brightness and got to worrying that we might have to download a software update. I checked and this was a June 2011 build, and there was a newer update, but it said not to download it unless you had problems. We haven't seen any fluctuating brightness so far, unless it's slipped by me.I set up the internet and it found my router, but I haven't used it yet. We have a whole wall of DVD movies, and most of them play real good in our new Panasonic Blueray DVD player Panasonic DMP-BDT220 Integrated Wi-Fi 3D Blu-ray DVD Player. We got a new Yamaha receiver to hook up all the stuff to, and with all three of these new gadgets, they have kept me going around in circles, figuring how to hook them up and which remote does what. We also added a subwoofer Polk Audio PSW110 10-Inch Powered Subwoofer (Single, Black)  to our system, and it blew out our surround speakers, so I have to find a replacement for them. Guess we have the base set too low.As of today, it's been 3 weeks since we fired it up, and I am pleased as punch with it. I'm sure we could use a professional calibrator, but DVD movies, and most HD TV shows we watch on CBS and NBC, and HBO etc., are really good. The color is pretty good right out of the box, on THX, I haven't even tried anything else. I hear no buzzing at all, except on NBC, which had buzzing with our old set, bad transmission I guess, and FOX channel is a little dark, but they are always dark. No fluctuating brightness, unless we just aren't aware of it, but I'm sure I would have noticed. My husband doesn't see anything, but I'm pretty picky. We are going to be very watchful for the next month or two, then it says after 900 hours or so, you can't hardly cause burn in no matter what, so I'm mindful of that.It's been fifteen years since we bought our last home theater stuff, and even though it all still worked, we figured it was time to upgrade. Now we have to find someone that can use an Mitsubishi 50 inch rear projection TV. :)