I purchased the Samsung PN64D550 to replace my old late-2006 vintage Samsung plasma HDTV (which is still going strong). When I set out to buy a bigger TV, I had a few requirements:1) I wanted another plasma set.  LCD may have made great strides in the last few years, but at the end of the day, I still prefer plasma, and think plasma has the superior picture quality.  Yes, plasma sets can have glare.  Make sure you have the appropriate lighting if you're going to purchase a plasma HDTV.  Also, I stare at 4 LCD monitors all day at work.  After 10 hours of that, I'd prefer to not sit in front of yet another LCD screen to watch TV.  Plasma rocks!2) I wanted a Samsung.  Yes, this limited my choices, but I saw that as a good thing, and a bad thing.  Mainly, I didn't have as many TVs to pick from.  My old Samsung has been rock solid, and a consistently great picture quality.  I know two others with Samsung plasma sets that have had similar good experiences, so this is one time I felt like brand loyalty might be easier than doing hours and hours of research.3) I wanted the biggest TV I could afford.  Coming from a 50" HDTV, I wanted to go at least 10" bigger.  The Samsung PN64D550 was right in my sweet spot, as far as budget, and a great size, too.  In fact, I ended up paying less for this TV than I did for me 50" Samsung back in 2006.  Ahh, the wonders of tech pricing!So, I finally decided to pull the trigger on this purchase.  Amazon's delivery was flawless, just like my original Samsung unit back in 2006.  Their delivery company called me, set up a delivery time, and arrived within their scheduled time.  The TV itself was in perfect condition with no damage during shipping.Setting up the Samsung PN64D550 was a breeze (albeit, somewhat heavy since I was doing it by myself).  The ports are all well labeled, and laid out in a practical manner. Diving into the setup menus on the TV was very familiar - just an updated look and feel to the interface on my old Samsung.  Again, everything in the menu is well laid out, and easy to use.  The menu itself is responsive, and quite slick.This TV is big.  Considerably larger than the 50" it replaced.  That's not a bad thing, but it is surprisingly large once you get it set up.  Of course, to be fair, I said the same thing about the 50" when I first got it.  I guess these things have a way of growing on you.Anyway, the picture quality is great, and certainly met my expectations.  I still need to run my calibration Blu-ray and really get this thing calibrated properly, but for now, I've at least got some more common-sense settings and moved away from the factory retina-scorching defaults.  The picture has a good dynamic contrast, and there are no artifacts present to my eye.  I can say the picture quality easily exceed that of my older 50" 1080p Samsung.I suspect that most people buying a TV of this size won't be using the internal speaker, but I did have to use it for a few days while my receiver was being RMA'd.  For such a tiny speaker, it worked surprisingly well.  It was able to get acceptably loud, and provided enough volume to satisfy anyone seated in my living room.Overall, I'm very satisfied with this purchase.  Yes, there may be better plasma sets out there, but for the money, I think Samsung has a winner here.  Hopefully my past experience with Samsung holds true.  If so, I hope to see years of dependable service come out of this TV.