Our Sony 24" CRT TV died on Friday. That thing only lasted about 5 years before the picture started going bad. Black band across the bottom of the screen until it warmed up. Then on Friday it began having new problems with the picture after it warmed up...After four Sony turkeys in a row I have quit that brand. It's sad b/c I bought several high end Sony VCRs and TVs back in the 1990s. I just won't risk that kind of $$$ on that brand again. Before the TV 5-6 years ago I bought a ~$200 Sony DVD player that began randomly skipping even on new movie discs. It might skip from 3/4 of the way through the movie back to the beginning.By Saturday I had hunted for a Samsung with a 120HZ screen in the 40"-ish range and found this TV. Previously for projects at work I had purchased a 37" LG and a pair of 46" Phillips TVs. One of the Phillips died (bad screen or bad backlight?) and it took 9 MONTHS for Phillips to fix it! I was told the company had been purchased by someone and there were problems with communications and procedures... No thanks. Not again. (several years later the TVs all work perfectly).Those projects helped me know what I valued in an LCD TV and which sizes. This fix the bill perfectly. We love it. Looks great. Plenty of connections. Competitive price. Seems as well done as the Samsung DVD player I purchased a year ago to replace the randomly skipping Sony DVD player. Our Samsung isn't even an expensive BluRay player. It is a progressive 1080p player that does a good job. Samsung DVD-1080P9 1080p Upconverting DVD PlayerThe menus are well thought out and very detailed. I lamented no bass/treble adjustments until last night when I found the equalizer. Down went the treble, up went the bass and now the sound is pretty good. Not great - it's just too high. The speakers are optimized for high frequency sounds. Likely very small speakers but they make plenty of noise and we can certainly hear everything clearly. I think a subwoofer is in order. I don't need bone shaking bass but just enough bass to offset the higher frequencies. Don't like the smooth video? You cna adjust that or turn it off entirely. Want to save power? You can adjust that too. I've tinkered with everything to fine tune it just the way I liked for a week. It looks great. By default it seemed too dim and colorless. Tune up the adjustments a little and it looks spectacular.We don't subscribe to satellite anymore and not cable for 15 years (too expensive). We instead run DVDs through this TV and a ROKU. Even the ROKU's picture for Hulu, Netflix and some of the news shows look good despite DSL internet speeds. Our Roku is an HD version and we are using an HDMI cable. Looks much better than the RCA cables. Not perfect of course b/c of the slow internet. Wish we had faster DSL but I'm too cheap for that. ;) If you have trouble with the Roku locking up try moving it away from the TV. We were having troubles with that occasionally watching Hulu and this mostly fixed that. Netflix and Amazon never have that problem. I just slid the Roku box forward about 12" and eventually will relocate it away from the TV to some part of the entertainment center below. My theory is that the Roku and the high frequency inverter for the backlight might be interacting in some negative way. Our Samsung DVD player and WiFi are directly under the TV (touching the edge of the screen) and no problems.