I absolutely love this TV.I did a lot of research before buying... LCD vs. Plasma, 720p/1080i vs 1080p, Sony, Toshiba, Samsung, Sharp, etc...  I ended up deciding on this TV and after having it for a few weeks now I can categorically say I don't regret it.The picture quality is superb (after a little tuning of course), and it has inputs galore.  Right now I'm running an Xbox 360 (Component), an HD-DVR (HDMI), a laptop computer (VGA), and a PS2 (S-video).  I love that it upsamples all of the audio inputs and will output them over the digital optical cable (just stereo, not 5.1 unfortunately) so I can run a single wire down to my stereo receiver, since the speakers on the TV are a little on the weak side.Although there is very little content out there right now in "full HD" resolution, I decided to go with 1080p, primarily for future compatibility, and for better picture quality when connecting to my laptop or a HTPC in the near future.  It looks fantastic as a monitor, with clean, crisp lines and bright but not oversaturated colors.  I looked at this (LNT-4061) and another in the same line (LNT-4065).  The primary difference between the two is that the 4065 has a glossy panel and frame, while this one has a matte panel with a glossy frame.  I prefer the matte panel, since it reduces glare, but I suppose that part comes down to personal preference.Amazon was great, I bought it directly through them, not an authorized retailer, so I got free shipping, which was a nice benefit, since it would normally cost around $99.  Also, about 27 days after purchase, I noticed that it had been reduced in price, so I phoned Amazon, and they refunded me the difference of about $140... you can't beat that!As I mentioned before, there are a few minor quibbles I have with it.  The remote is sub-par, although it can technically be used as a universal remote, I don't think I'd want to.  Also, the speakers are fine, but nothing special, which isn't a problem for me since I turned on the internal mute and connected it to a real stereo receiver.  Also, black levels aren't as good as on a plasma display, but this is a problem with LCD panels in general, and this one is better than most, with no clouding in dark areas like in the previous generation (The LNS series).  Honestly, though, I'll take lighter blacks to plasma burn-in any day of the week, especially when using it as a monitor or to play games.Others have been complaining with bugs in the firmware related to HDMI and HDCP devices in particular, but I haven't experienced anything of this sort, so I can't comment for sure, but it seems like the kind of thing a firmware update would take care of.  As far as I can tell, updating said firmware is as simple as saving a few files to a USB flash drive and putting it into the USB port on the side of the TV.I'm still giving this TV 5 stars, however, since the annoyances are very minor, and since you simply get an amazing TV at an amazing price.  With the money you saved over the Sony TV (which uses the same image panel), you can buy a 5.1 audio system and/or a Logitech Harmony remote, eliminating the two main problems I have found with this display.