For the price, this is the 3D plasma to own. Panasonic makes the highest rated, best plasma displays on the market for the middle-end consumer and even higher-end sets. The GT30 has taken some hits due to its black-leveling during scene transitions.  This seems most notable to those who may not understand or have the know how to alter the video settings properly; I DID notice this occurring when video output is set to "standard", once you tune the display properly, there should be no noticeable or any flickering between darker scenes to brighter transitions.  To go into great detail on how to properly set your TV would be worthless, a "good" picture varies person by person but this preliminary issue should not deter one from purchasing this set.With that out of the way, consider this: you will not see a better high definition plasma display on the market.  At the GT30 price, you are not going to get 3D quality, HD quality, feature set and value any where else. If you have not been to any store to view other brands competing with this set/price, do so and do yourself a favor. Once you see a GT30 set up properly, showing the same content as other brands, there should be no questions left to answer. The display owns. From blu rays to PS3 to Wii to regular DVDs, I have not scene until this plasma a more OUTSTANDING visual display. Blu Rays appear as though people are standing in your living room.the most noticeable attribute of this plasma, at least to me, is the quality and richness of the depth in the display. Its simply amazing. Looks like you can reach your hand into the background and touch things. And no, I am not talking about when 3D is on, that is another story. In pure HD form without 3D, the depth, black, and richness of this display is simply jaw dropping. Your friends will not understand what they are looking at. To note, a HD gaming system looks simply unbelievable. You will be playing your games for the "first time" all over again.The bad: THE SPEAKERS ARE DOWN RIGHT AWFUL. if you do not have some sort of surround sound system, or at the very least two channels (front left/right) the speakers sound terrible, they may as well sold it without them and saved a few bucks. You will need some sort of sound bar or extra components to get anything other than dialog. And the dialog is barely satisfactory; no bass, tiny highs, bad spacing and underpowered.3D: Panasonic has the best 3D on the market. Compare it with Samsung or Sony. There is no comparison. View them back to back and you will find that Panasonics 3D technology, although requiring ACTIVE shutter glasses, reproduced 3D images in HD form where as others may not. Samsung for example, 3D reproduction looks like cardboard paper cutouts with no depth and lacking resolution. Not in the GT30 however. The 3D is amazing and even the 2D->3D reproduction (taking standard 2D video and artificially creating 3D images) adds incredible depth to your viewing experience, albeit not so much "pop" off the screen. Worthy to note is that 3D viewing does produce a somewhat dimmer display, not sure if this is due to the glasses tint or how their system works, but overall when 3D is on, expect a less vibrant picture from non-glasses viewing.Overall, theres not much out there for the GT30 price that offers screen size, content and value. Above all else, picture quality should take the cake here. Please check it out in a store and make your decision. Cant beat this set. On a side note, internet connectivity works flawlessly, I wired the TV with a ethernet cable, which, you should do if you expect the highest speeds and purest connection.  The TV synced up with zero glitches and loaded youtube, pandora and amazon with the ease of touching 1 button.Excellent buy, sound is its largest demerit but can be remedied for a couple of bucks. Good luck!!