We purchased this 32 inch 3D TV from Electronics 101 in mid-December 2012. We wanted it in time for Christmas, and they shipped it right out. It arrived with extra packaging added to ensure that it wouldn't be damaged in shipping.I was interested in having the 3D TV for our bedroom, so the smaller size is perfect for in there. The picture quality of the TV is really good for regular viewing. And the sound is perfect for a bedroom setting. The 3D experience is amazing, with objects seemingly coming out of the screen to where they seem almost touchable. Two sets of glasses come with the TV, but I also have two more pairs that I saved from the movie theater. All work great.Setting up the TV was easy, and we easily connected it to our wireless router for an internet connection. That enables us to watch Netflix and other such streaming offerings. We also purchased a blu ray DVD player for the best experience in playing 3D movies. The remote is easy to operate.The one problem I found was obtaining 3D movies. I can't find any place that rents them. Netflix has begun streaming in 3D, but finding 3D content that is worth watching is difficult. Our cable company offers pay-per-view movies in 3D, but there are only a handful at any given time and now we have the cost of an additional cable box plus the cost of renting the movie. So I ended up having to purchase a few movies, which is no more expensive per movie than paying for the cable box and having to rent movies. We will watch them and then sell them back through Amazon when we are finished. I have petitioned Redbox about renting 3D movies. If you want accessibility to 3D movies, you should contact Netflix and Redbox about renting the DVDs. Still, I'm very happy to have the capability of watching 3D on the rare occasions when we can, and the TV for the price is great even if it didn't have 3D.I am leaving additional comments here about the seller, because Amazon only allows seller feedback within 90 days of purchase. But Electronics 101 was so helpful and cooperative, that they must be applauded. After purchasing, I found that another company was selling the TV for a bit less. While the price difference wasn't that great, it meant being able to purchase a less expensive, but more expansive, Square Trade warranty plan for the lower price range. I contacted Electronics 101 and they refunded the $26 difference in price. But to be able to purchase the warranty, I needed an invoice showing the lower price. The one listed on Amazon still showed the original price with a notation of a refund at the bottom, but I needed one that gave the TOTAL as the lower price. E101 attempted to fax me a new one several times over several days, but for some reason the fax wouldn't go through. So while they were in a very busy season and must have been tired of hearing from me asking favors by then, they gave no indication of being anything but helpful and supportive and took the time to scan the invoice in so that they could attach it to an email for me.......and also mailed out a copy. Hopefully, this feedback will bring them a new customer or two. This kind of customer service is very rare and should be rewarded with more business!