I got a great deal on this TV at my local Best Buy and picked it up based on reviews and on-line research.  With the introduction of LCDs with the 120hz refresh rate and motion enhancement technology, this HDTV still looks absolutely incredible in terms of resolution, color and contrast.  Blu-Ray movies look unbelievable.  The first movie I tested on this set was Disney's Cars, and the image was so vivid I felt as if I could reach in and touch Lightning McQueen.  The picture was bright and the colors were rich and accurate.  Properly transfered films on the HD (Blu-ray) format look better than ever.  You can see every blemish, sweat drop and pores of the actor's face in great detail.  This set has a 60hz refresh rate, which makes cinema look like real cinema, whereas a 120hz set with motion enhancement technology tends to make films look more like live broadcast (the "soap opera look" if you will). While this is great for viewing sports and documentaries, movies tend to lose that cinematic feel we've grown to love, and movies that have a lot of CGI such as Transformers look really fake.  I won't argue that those images also tend to be crystal clear and seems as though you're looking through some sort of magic mirror into another world.  Yes, it would be nice to have a 120hz set with the option to select a 60hz refresh rate when viewing movies, but you'll be paying more for that technology as well.  The CineSpeed works flawlessly and I've experienced no strange artifacts or motion blur.  When viewing films such as Sunshine on Blu-Ray, you become so immersed in the film because the visuals are so stunning and this set delivers what your eyes deserve to see.  I'll admit that I own most Blu-Ray titles purely for eye-candy and not so much for the film itself.  But when you have a great set like this you just want to throw everything at it just to see it beautifully rendered on the Regza.  The viewing angle is great and I could be sitting well outside of the ideal viewing "sweet spot" and still see a great picture.  This set also really shines when playing video games on the Playstation 3.  It has really taken my gaming experience to an entirely new level.  Games such as Call of Duty 4 feels like you're controlling the action in a movie, not just playing a game.  Simply beautiful.  There are enough inputs for everything in your high def cabinet I'm sure of it.  The TV offers much in the way of tweaks and adjustments, and plenty of picture size options to choose from depending on the input source.The cons:  The built-in audio leaves a bit to be desired, but I'm assuming anyone purchasing this for their home theater will be using a dedicated receiver and surround speakers.  There's a lot of noticeable noise when  viewing standard analog cable TV broadcast, but I can live with it.  Not everything I watch has to be in absolute HD, but it would be nice.  Subscribing to HD cable or satellite will do this set justice.  There is no PIP, but I didn't use it much when I had my old 55" rear projection set.Overall, this is a great package for the price.  This display looked just as good if not better than some of the more expensive HDTVs when viewing the floor models side-by-side.  Not to mention this set looks really beautiful even when turned off!  Very sleek, stylish and sexy, and it's the perfect size for our modest living space.  Our guests are always blown away when they see the picture quality.  If you're looking for an excuse to get into the wide screen HDTV game or simply want to give your home theater set-up a fresh make-over, you will be quite pleased with the 42" Toshiba Regza 42HL167 1080p LCD.