UPDATE: January 11, 2010Just a few weeks past two years of ownership and just in time to increase my spending for Christmas 09 - my Samsung stops working. No picture, no sound, just a clicking from the circuit board that NEVER STOPS; had to unplug the unit to silence it. Sudden stoppage, too, with perhaps 3 seconds of warning via frazzled picture before the end.Sumsung's consumer web site and hot line personnel weren't of much use for the repair since I didn't buy the extended warranty. They both directed me to a repair facility 2 hours away which refused to travel to my town to work on it and discouraged carry-ins. If you don't have a warranty and you're not living in a top 50 metro area you're going to have to use local talent to fix one of these.The good news is that a local repair shop sent a tech out who fixed the TV in less than an hour. The problem: capacitor failure. According to the tech, most LCD and many plasma TVs were built with what his company considers substandard capacitors. When they replace them his company uses higher quality parts than OEM and he assured me they rarely had recalls for "cap" problems on the same TVs. Six capacitors and some soldering later, I'm back in business.The BETTER news is that even after two years of developments in TV technology, I STILL receive raves on the picture and sound quality of this TV.  Even the repair tech was impressed and he sees all brands and types in his work!OK, so it cost me $275 for in-house repair. I'm not happy about that - but I'm still happy with the viewing experience from this TV, and I still haven't seen anything in the stores that make me want to dump it for something better.Samsung LNT4071F 40" 1080p 120Hz LCD HDTVAfter waiting for years for that elusive HDTV with the most compelling mix of features, quality and price - here it is, at last! Some of the other reviewers pointed out a number of flaws with this unit, from the shiny screen and case to the ditzy remote to the 120Hz hijinks, etc. They're absolutely right, I admit: it's not perfect. But if you wait for the perfect set you'll spend many more months searching for it - months that you could have spent enjoying yourself watching THIS unit.The picture quality is better than many plasma sets I've seen in friends' homes and in store displays. The contrast level is incredible for an LCD,  displaying shadows that look like shadows, while still retaining the details in the dark areas. The range of video controls gives you quite a depth of control over the picture quality, and the unit even remembers the last video setting for each input, separately, so that you don't have to readjust when you change from cable to DVD to air antenna to PC to satellite to USB, etc. down the list of more inputs than most people will have reason to use. The unit has excellent audio for a TV, especially after you take time to tweak the many available sound options. The screen even physically swivels 20 degrees in either direction for optimum placement!I've had mine for two weeks, and I'm still amazed at the quality of the total package: picture, sound, connectivity options, menu setup, physical appearance. I've spent several hours, yes, tweaking the video settings to my personal preference, but the Samsung setup menu is easy to follow and provides a huge number of options as I noted earlier.And that's what I believe to be the source of many of the complaints - people are used to the mature technology of analog TV, with everything standardized to a comfort level of bland conformity and very forgiving of all but the most extreme signal errors. Digital TV's high res displays showcase the flaws from all the odd inputs and off kilter signals that were masked on analog sets. Until all input sources provide a consistent, high quality video signal calibrated for digital displays, the better digital sets will have to offer many adjustment possibilities, and digital set owners will have to frequently interact with their sets to adjust out those flaws. You have to work for that great picture!Maybe a few years after the 2009 move to all digital is complete most content providers will take more effort to deliver an industry standard, consistent and quality signal. Until then, buy this set and have one of the best pictures you can finagle from an LCD.