For background info purposes, let me first say that my Samsung is rooftop antenna-connected via an RF modulator, and it is not connected to any other units (VCR, DVD player, ...). This is the same setup I maintained with the 18 year old TV the Samsung replaced, and I simply ended up reusing the RF modulator as a preference option. This decision, however, turned out to be one supported by a Samsung tech support person, who said that the modulator would enhance the picture quality all the more.Whether or not picture quality is enhanced by the modulator connection, I cannot say, as I haven't tried my setup without it. All I can say is that the picture quality is excellent, and that is without having had to do any adjustment tweaking (sharpness, contrast, brightness, ....). Thus, I would rate picture quality as my Samsung's best, most satisfying attribute.I am also pleased with the user-friendly remote. The numerals are generously large, and are color-contrasted with the remote's black background, which adds to visibility ease. Other icon and identifier buttons are likewise easy to ID and access. Moreover, buttons are nicely clustered, enabling easy location/activation.Samsung also gets kudos for the user-friendly owner's guide, which even I --- a tech-challenged hater of instruction manuals --- was able to navigate for set-up and adjustments, thanks to the thorough and easy to follow, step-by-step instructions and helpful illustrations. I surprised myself by completing the set-up, including programming the remote, with little angst and no tantrums!With regard to dissatisfaction, I would rate Samsung's overall sound quality as its primarily negative feature. It is woefully sub-standard and most disappointing. Without exaggeration, the sound quality emitted by this Samsung model is actually inferior to that of my old TVs, low-end computer, and even my inexpensive radios. The sound is tinny and"echoey". And unfortunately,neither the manual-based sound adjustment options nor Samsung tech support contacts were able to completely overcome the sound deficiencies. I'm thinking that the type and location of the TV's speakers --- on the bottom of the unit --- may be part of the problem. However, I was able, by strictly trial and error, to achieve some sound improvement by playing around with the bandwidth adjustments (per the Sound Customizing section of the manual). I have since found that the sound quality, whether due to my happenstance adjustments or not, is just a bit improved, but tends to vary with channel (including digital), as well as with voice vs. music output. Actually, at times, the music-based sound comes through well. I don't understand the sound variability enigma here, which is somewhat annoying, but I have determined that I can live with the sound in its current state, though reluctantly so.The one other negative feature is the ridiculously small, channel ID caption square (blue background/white numerals) which appears at the top left on the screen when making a channel change. Now, my distance vision is quite good, and I have watched TV from the same distance for 32 years, never having a problem seeing any emergent captions, etc. on any TV. But with this Samsung, especially when channel surfing, I literally have to get up from the couch and move a bit closer to the TV to see the caption figures. And with the multitude of adjustments that one canmake for so many of the Samsung features, you'd think that the caption could be enlarged. But alas, a Samsung contact revealed no such option.Would I have purchased this Samsung, based on knowing what I know now relative to the above? I think I'd probably opt to check out other Samsung models or other brands altogether beforehand, which is my recommendation to other potential buyers.