What can I say - I am amazed and speechless !!This bad boy is huge - massive. I spent 3 days in my local Best Buy comparing the HIGH end LED TV's and LCDs to this Plasma. And somehow could not pass the price point. I also did a lot of research on Plasma's before I pulled the trigger. AVS forum is a good place. This TV is supposed to consume relatively low power compared to older Plasma with bills of only 28$ / year. It may be a tad more than LCD and LED's but I am not ready to pay 500$ just to save 10$ in electricity bills every year. The final decision was the 3D, a 51 inch 3D for 750$ - was a steal. Cannot beat that price.Pros -a. Beautiful Build, slim and elegant - much much better than any LCD I saw in store.b. Glass stand, and solid glass construction - feels awesome....c. Picture Quality - Outstandingd. Though only 720p - I could not make out the difference between Full HD and 720p unless I think I stand very close to it. Played Full HD Blu Ray Batman Dark Knight as a test, and was truly blown away. Rem - it may not be as awesome as an LED - I think Full HD LED's give a better picture - but this is largely sufficient for any person. Also remember the seating arrangement, unless you are seating within 5 feet of the TV, you will never make out the difference between Full HD and 720p. It is hard to believe but that is a fact.d. Inputs - 3 HDMI, USB, PC input etc. Connected to USB drives and pronto - nice menu to navigate and play your favse. Pretty decent Sound inbuiltf. Awesome clarity even from an angleCons -a. The only con I can think of is that the glass reflects a little bit, but that can be taken care of by adjusting the lighting in the room, if you are watching a movie etc. Reflection only present during day time. Play with the controls a little bit before you decide which setting works best for you.All I can say is - that Plasmas throw out an awesome picture / beautiful blacks great contrast and are better off than the LCD TVs. If you are looking to save a few hundred dollars, and still get a killer picture and a beautiful piece - this is the one.The Burn in issue is over rated, the new Plasma's do not seem to suffer from it. Atleast this one does not. I just played full screen content for about 2 days, and den got tired of it. Its been a week since I have it, and it is just awesome....Samsung has released a statement that their TV's do not require a break in. Its all your comfort level. If you are not comfortable, just avoid playing content that has static images for more than 30 mins. The TV also has burn-in protection modes.Apparently this model is better than 51D450 since it has a better panel.