Typically when there is a fanboy war over LCDs, the fight comes down between Samsung and Sony.  Sonys are usually hailed as having better blacks while Samsungs [aka Sammys] are cited as having more accurate color.I had a 46V4100 [last year's V-Series a step higher than this S-series] and found it was a solid performer that was plagued by uneven backlight issues.After researching several sets, I decided to give Sony another chance.  At some point when buying an HDTV you have to accept that there will be compromises.For a "entry level" set, the S5100 does not disappoint.  Yes, SD content looks sketchy because of the huge amounts of upscaling that take place. That's true on any 1080p set.  And the compression that the cable and satellite companies use mean you will see blocky compression artifacts around the edges of some HD content.But from a picture standpoint, the colors are accurate, the shadow detail is good and the viewing angle for an LCD is outstanding.Physically, the set is handsome in a functional way but doesn't have any design pizzazz. Also, the bezel is reflective.  I know manufacturers do this so their products look "nice and shiny" but the position of the set in my room causes a noticeable glare on the left bezel- I thought it was severe backlight bleed until I looked more closely.The screen itself is glossier than most LCD screens- not as reflective as a plasma but it will still throw a reflection at you.  Probably not the best choice for a room with lots of direct sunlight.  I have the TV in a room under a ceiling fan and the reflection is noticeable but not distracting.  However, the reflection is nowhere near as diffuse as you'd expect from an LCD.I think this reflective screen helps with the viewing angle, though.  I'm sitting 6 feet to the left and 2 feet in front of the TV and the colors are almost as vivid as if I were sitting directly in front.  This is a rare LCD that can challenge a plasma on viewing angle. Usually you get 50 degrees off center from an LCD and your picture is washed out.Sony's xcross [pronounced "cross"] menu system [used on the PS3 AND PSP] is not on the S5100.  I don't consider that a big loss and you do get a remote button called "tools" that lets you get to commonly used functions without using the menu.  The interface is attractive and easy to use.The TV has plenty of connectivity.  3 HDMI, PC input [9 pin, not DVI], 2 component in, digital audio digital audio out... you get the idea.  2 of the HDMI ports and the PC input are on the left side of the panel, recessed far enough to protect the plugs.  Seems like a strange design choice.Finally, I will admit that there are some minor backlight issues [2 "flashlight" areas] but unlike the V4100, I have to look at them to notice them.If you want a big set and you're on a budget, this is definitely a set worth looking at.  I will warn you that it is very basic- there are NO extras on the TV.  So SD slot, no internet connectivity, no picture in picture, no Motionflow 120/240Those aren't issues for me.  In my opinion, most of those "features" exist to allow TV manufacturers to roll new TVs out each year and build in profit margin at then expense of people who want toys.  I'm willing to bet that as a pure picture and sound experience [ie no MotionFlow] this set is the equal of the V5100 series for $200-$500 less.PS- I apologize for not being able to review the sound but I have the set connected to a receiver.