Wow...I got a great deal from Amazon one one of the better TVs out there. After moving into our new place our 50 in Pioneer Kuro was getting a bit long in a tooth. I had budget issues when I bought the Pio 4 years ago so had to stick with 720p. That and our old setup had be back around 10 feet which made 1080p TV no longer needed. Now we were in the new house with a new setup we are sitting about 8 feet away. Yea I know Kuro still has an awesome picture but I am still trying to justify the upgrade :)I got this TV for a few reasons. The reviews I read about this tv and the simular models were all excellent. I followed the thread over on the AVS forums to get more insight and listen to peoples feedback. The features also seemed to me to help seal the deal as I could now get netflix and Pandora steaming in my TV vrs an extra dedicated box. I looked hard at the 8000 but I was not sure if the value for me was there to justify the price and hated the stand it used (I use an harmony remote so the better remote on the 8000 was a non-factor). So at the end of the day the 7000 model seem to be the best TV to fit my needs/wants.And after playing with it wow it was. Going from 50 to 64 was a major increase of course. But the TV so far has been excellent. The colors and IQ of the TV are very close to the Kuro. Once I have it running for a bit more I want to get it professionally calibrated. The blu-rays look amazing on the TV. The stream services are pretty good as well. The Samsung apps are pretty good as well. I have not tried 3D but thats low priortiy as we wanted the TV for its 2D abilities and so far its not disappointing.Still there are some minor things that could be done better. The stand on the 7000 is flimy as the tv will wobble if touched. That alone makes me almost want to mount it. I had to download the Samsung Remote App on the Android Market as is it took forever to try to log on Netflix, Pandora, twitter, ect taping out my username/password. There also are reports of a pealing of the antiglare filter which so far (crossing fingers) have not happened to me. Also there is a feature that will try to adjust brightness which can lead to image changes in dark to light scene. I hear Samsung is working on a Firmware fix to correct this or at least make it optional.Other than those minor things the TV is great. We have had it for two weeks and loving it. The price, look (its very thin) and the great service as it showed up in about 6 days after we ordered it, has made this to be a very enjoyable experience. Which is nice as these TVs are still not cheap :)