Recieved this Samsung LCD two days ago and I have to say for the price, this TV is hard to beat.  I knew I was buying a 32 inch LCD for about 2 months and researched the Sharp Aquos model, the Sony XBR, and this one.  After much research and comparing of pictures I felt the Samsung was the best combination of price and picture.  The Sony XBR will give you a better picture, no doubt, but it is not such a jump that is justifies spending the $900 more to buy it.  I also thought the Sharp Aquos's picture looked a little washed out compared to this Samsung.I've been told that seeing TV's on display at Best Buy and Circuit City is a bad way to go about this because store managers tend to turn up the contrast or brightness on the TV's.  I never have understood this theory, I mean maybe they are trying to get rid of some inventory or something of that nature but has anyone tried playing with their brightness and/or contrast balance on thier TV's?  It helps but it doesn't make a crappy picture brilliant or vice versa.  Therefore when I went to Best Buy and saw the picture on the Samsung compared to the Sharp it was a no brainer for me which TV had the better picture.Anyways back to the actual TV.  I have Brighthouse Cable TV and run an HDMI cord from my Scientific Atlanta HD DVR to the TV and the picture is brilliant.  The HD picture is amazing, the first thing I turned to was HBO HD and Spiderman 2 was playing.  I watched the last half of it in amazment because the picture was that good.  My father in law and my father both have the 32 inch Sony XBR and although I did not have them side to side I felt the Samsung's HD picture was just as colorful and vibrant as the Sony XBR.The biggest differance I noticed between the XBR and this Samsung was how they handled SD TV.  The Sony is in my opinion is significantly better at handling SD TV than this Samsung (although the Samsung is also good).  Not only can it decode it better, it also has a screen streach called Wide Zoom (i think that's the name) that can actually put SD TV at 16:9 ratio and make it look very good.  The Samsung cannot do that and either can my cable box.  I can fill the screen but it becomes stretched beyond the border and look odd.  So I just watch SD in regular 4:3, which looks good, and let the HD shine when I turn it to my HD channels.I also ran my iBook G4 through the TV via the 15 pin VGA connector.  Looks amazing.  I've tried to run my iBook through other LCD before and it has never looked nearly as good as it does on this TV.  A great bonus because it wasn't really a factor in my buying decision.Last but not least I have my audio running from my cable box to my reciever so I have not really tested the speakers on this TV.  Sorry!Anyways in conclusion.  Great HD picture.  Two HDMI hookups which will give you a little bit of futureproof (Sony XBR only has 1)!  Very lightweight (I was very, very surprised at how light the actually TV is, you could carry it with one hand!) Easy to put the stand on and very easy to get working.  A great TV that is impossible to beat at the price Amazon is offering it for.  Go for it!PS  I would give this TV 4.5 stars if possible for the simple fact that the Sony XBR plays SD better.  However like I said earlier in my review it's not worth an extra $900.