This vizio 3dTV sold here on amazon is amazing! the price was way lower than the active shutter 3d tv's out there...this is a passive 3d tv wich basicaly means no charging of the glasses, a feature im enjoying verry much! :)At first i was a little disapointed with the color out of the box,but theres just so many settings for you to get it just the way you like it, took me hours and every day this week i tweeked the settings a bit until now its crisp clear and bright and so much better than out of the box! the colors are amazing! i had the tv hooked up to comcast cable with component cables and the standard tv channels were horrible but the hd ones were great..well today i got the new cable box from comcast with "HDMI" inputs and WOW! everything is fantastic!.im also realy enjoying the 3d content that comcast offers, although its limited  atleast i got to test out the 3d feature wich is awesome by the way!I had been wanting a 3d tv for some while but figured i could never afford the $1000-$2000+ dollar priced sets that i saw in the stores, but then i came accross this jem at a walmart and started researching it.I found that this tv is way too cool to be at this low price so i decided to buy it..no mistake at all! i love this tv!the apps are cool and having the wifi is so great! it was so easy to setup my wireless network too. i heard some bad reviews about vizio tv's on walmart's website and a few on youtube etc.. i think most of the reviews were posotive though. I guess the people probably just had some bad luck with a defective tv thats all. i think vizio is a great brand and would definetaly recomend buying this tv especialy if you want a cheap 3d tv,not cheap quality just a cheap price, lets get that straight! its probably worth more than they are selling it for so dont let that be a factor its definetaly not bad quality at all.The only thing that would have made this tv better would be the power light...its white and bland, i wish they had made it colored like my last lcd tv but its still a great tv! I cant wait to get the blu ray player and watch blu-ray movies, if its as great or better than my comcast in high def, then im going to be one happy camper!! i suggest if you are afraid of buying a vizio because of the brand name and its generic advertising status then just get over your fear and buy this baby because its just about the best tv iv owned so far! and im a techy guy too!!A++ VIZIO!!! oh and the 3d glasses at the theatre will work with this set, so save them each time you go..vizios included glasses  are slightly better but the galsses from theatres will stil work with this tv! Oh and thank you to amazon for price matching!the main reason why i bought it here and not a walmart!! THANKS!!