I bought this TV (KDL55NX720) for $1399 new which included the Narnia 3D movie and 2 rechargable glasses and sits 12 ft away from me in my bedroom. I've had a month with this set and have to say this was a very,very good deal and I am happy with this investment. The picture is outstanding, the color and sharpness are amazing with excellent black levels. The gorilla glass looks amazing and covers the entire front way better than the matted screens and plastic trim on other TV's, very heavy because of the glass but that is a good thing but the stand I think is a little on the weak side but no problems with it yet and it does swivel for view adjustment and no backlight on the remote ( come on Sony you could of added that). This TV is also crazy thin I hope to put this up on a wall in the future, it has to be one of the thinnest TV's on the market today. It is a huge step up in technology from my Sharp LCD that is 5 years old. It connects to my receiver through ARC hdmi and I am now able to control sound through my receiver on or off with my cable box remote. The built in wireless lets me connect to the net included access to Netflix, Pandora and the cool 3D media ( the new Spiderman movie trailer in 3D is awesome) and other widgets that I haven't played with yet, it also lets me do system updates. It also includes sensors that warn you if the kids are too close by making a loud beep and a video camera for its built in motion sensors and a skype accessory (not included) for video chat that i don't really need. The 3D depends on the Blu-ray movie quality, Narnia had a lot of ghosting/crosstalk  which worried me about my purchase but after buying a few 3D movies and some IMAX blu-ray's (Deep Sea 3D, Hubble 3D and Tron 3D) I was in awe of the quality of the 3D only a very few times did I notice ghosting/crosstalk not like Narnia which was also a boring movie. It depends on the movie when it comes to 3D quality in my opinion. Deep Sea is a must have to see the potential of this TV. I will be hooking up my Xbox to play the new Batman game 3D this weekend and write a update on 3D gaming but Super Stardust HD on PS3 looks really good in 3D. This for me was the best bang for the buck hands down! Winning!Sony BRAVIA KDL55NX720 55-inch 1080p 3D LED HDTV with Built-in WiFi, BlackUpdate: Purchased the Playstation 3 3D glasses and it is a major improvement over the Sony TDG-BR250 glasses that came with this TV, improvements are a lot less crosstalk and ghosting and you are able to fully tilt your head without seeing ghosting and double image and much more comfortable because of being lighter in weight less pressure on the nose. If you are disappointed with 3D on this TV buy these glasses, a must for this TV.