Purchase date: Dec.31 2010. Full array of tweaks, apps, widgets, and features: If you are the type of person who like to "play with numerous controls" in order to customize your television experience the way that "you want", this TV will equal paradise to you!... Most users won't use all the features, but it's nice to have them. For example, who will really use 3 sets of " on/off " timers, on top of a sleep timer?... or have a message on your tv screen when you receive a text message on your cel phone? Plasma displays typically offer beyond any doubt the best, most pleasing and realistic picture, from all angles: this TV is no exception! The color accuracy, deep blacks, and image definition are so amazing on this Samsung TV that your favorite pet may want to jump into the tv! Movies on this set are just breathtaking!.I like its contemporary design, and the TV is a lot thinner than its direct competitor, Panasonic's flagship model. The PN50C8000 remote control is a continuation of the unit's design and is not your regular "Fisher Price" big rubber button remote; so I disagree with CNET's opinion by a mile. I also disagree with CNET's review and ranking when comparing Samsung's flagship model to the Panasonic's. The only advantage noted by CNET was the black level scientifically measured on the Panasonic VT25, which won the contest by a hair over Samsung. However, Panasonic's black level decreases over time according to... Panasonic. Furthermore, Panasonic's tasteless "Ford Escort" inspired design is at the antipodes of the contemporary lines of Samsung's flagship model. Panasonic's app interface looks like a game of Pong straight form the 1980's rather than the nice well organized app screen found on the Samsung, which by the way also offers the greatest number of apps of any tv. The PN50C8000 is not shy about its black... it offers about 5 different levels of black that you can set to your liking... (yes, it does extremely deep blacks) I also have to mention that my model was manufactured at the end of 2010, so it has a darker plasma screen than the same model on display at Best Buy. That is probably why Amazon adds "(BLACK)" at the end of the model's number. This tv also came with the latest software version, so I did not even need to update it! This is also probably why some previous bugs are no longer present...Plasma TV's consume slightly more energy than same size LED's. but on average, and with normal settings, we're talking about 75-100W more than LED's, so around 200W total, depending on settings and the image being displayed. However, that will certainly not intimidate anyone who wants to add a 800-1000W home theater sound system to complement his/her purchase, or use a 1100W microwave to make popcorn... Give me a break!As far as the buzzing goes, I only heard a low buzzing sound for a very short time. After turning the TV slightly on its stand, it then stopped and I never heard it again. There is however a note in the user manual that a buzz may be heard at over 6500ft of altitude (if you live at that elevation). In any case, one should definitely use a power surge with line conditioner to control possible interference, especially with any TV in this size and price range! Samsung also includes a "ferrite" that  one can attach / clip to the power cord to control/avoid interference. I did not personally experience any image retention so far, under normal, responsible but "not over-paranoid" viewing conditions. If you do watch CNN for hours however, I suspect that it would be wiser to purchase a LED TV's instead. Samsung warns users about static images being displayed for long periods on this type of screen (not covered by the warranty) causing what is called "burned in" images. But, guess what, there is also 2 separate functions on this TV in order to prevent this from happening; a swipe that can be run for a few minutes to "erase" image retention, and a pixel rotating function which is "on" by default.Hope this has been helpful. It's all a matter of common sense, and taste of course. The user manual is a free download from Samsung's website if one wants to go over all the specs before buying. At about $1600 on Amazon (MSRP: $2,299) including a blu-ray player, 3D movies, and 2 pairs of 3D glasses, it's a real deal! You should get it!