After reviewing many options online and in local stores, I purchased this as a secondary television for my basement as it hit the sweet spot in terms of size, price, and features.  Delivery was through Ceva here in NJ and the very friendly delivery man helped me bring the set into my basement, unpack it, and helped me set it up to ensure that the set wasn't defective (wish I had some cash on me to give him a tip!).The set itself is aesthetically attractive -- very thin and generally light.  The setup and installation were easy to do (mounted to the base) and the general operation of the set is simple and straightforward from the inputs to the menus to the remote.As far as 720p vs 1080p, I am primarily using it with our FiOS HD cable box and I would say that for the HD channels, from the distance that I am sitting at -- about 7 feet away, it is very, very difficult to tell the difference between my 1080p LCD -- I would say nearly impossible if I didn't already know that it was 720p (the scaler will automatically resample the 1080p signal).  I also popped in a DVD I had nearby (Vicky Cristina Barcelona) to see how it looked and it looked pretty solid, even though it wasn't an HD source.  From anything more than roughly 7 feet, it looks identical to the LCD (but with better colors and black levels).  Yes, if you get up and close, you'll see that difference much more markedly, but then you should consider buying a smaller set (37" or so) to match your expected viewing distance.Additional thoughts broken down into PROS (+), CONS (-), NEUTRAL (=):---------(+) Great price(+) Beautiful set(+) Construction seems _generally_ well built and solid(+) Black levels and colors are excellent(+) Remote and menus are easy to use and navigate(+) Makes a chime when it turns on and off -- a handy feature as it let's me know when I've turned off the cable box but missed the power on the TV before walking out of the room---------(-) Glossy screen is a distraction and takes some getting used to as our primary set is a matte LCD.  Even in the basement and with recessed lights (NOT over the set), there is a strong reflection.  You have to force yourself to not look at the reflection until you adjust to it.(-) Some faint "ghosting" (or light blurring) during action/panning shots that I've noticed.  I wonder if this goes away over time with use?  If you are planning on using this for gaming, maybe you'd want to reconsider.  I guess you can't compare the "120Hz" LCDs with this "600Hz" plasma.(-) Somewhat wobbly on the base -- the base is simply secured with 4 small screws to the panel and it does wobble a bit if you press on the panel while plugging/unplugging cables, for example.---------(=) No wireless device connectivity, no USB inputs, but I generally would not expect these at this price point eitherOverall, a good purchase and I'd highly recommend this set for most general viewing purposes.  If you're sensitive to reflections, then I would highly recommend skipping this set for one with a matte screen.UPDATE: After checking again, it does indeed have a USB port on the left side. Now I need to go RTFM and figure out what it's for :D