I picked this TV up for 299.99 for Black Friday.  In fairness, I got the Wal-Mart version which appears to be exactly the same as this television listed here, with nearly the same model number (L40FHDM12) - my understanding is the slight variance is that Wal-Mart orders large enough batches to deserve their own #.  I'm reviewing it here because the listing is not maintained on Wal-Mart's website (as it was a temporary special) and I also relied on Amazon's reviews in making my purchasing decision.The Good:*Connections - Amount of connections are good, several HDMIs, AVs, Component, a VGA connection as well as USB connection.  All of them worked well except for the USB, which is largely useless as it has a very small range of file types it will read.  Basically, you can look at .JPGs with it (and about two other file types) but that's it.  I tried a few videos and other files, no luck.*Sound - Reasonable for built in speakers.  I have no complaints.  If you want to shake the floor you'll need something more substantial, but the speakers are good for casual tv/movie watching.*Settings - There are a wide range of settings on the TV.  Only complaint here is that you can't change the actual individual color settings (i.e. red only).*Picture - This goes good and bad.  The good is the picture is quite crisp.  The HD does not disappoint.The Bad:My one complaint - the complaint that killed the deal for me - is this-THE PICTURE COLOR - The picture color on the televisionS (yes, multiple) are awful.  The crispness is fantastic but the colors look drab.  Everything looks like it was shot on a rainy day.  To compensate for this I tried upping the color, contrast, brightness, etc.  What I wound up with then was a horribly contrasted overbrightened (blacks look high gray) picture, still with bad color.  And believe me, I tried.  I used calibration images, everything.  I tried it with regular DVDs, Blu-Rays, hooking up a computer, streaming video, you name it.  Using a calibration disc to make sure contrast and brightness were correct resulted in the colors being extremely drab.  No manner of shifting settings would work.  For instance, at no point did any of the greens ever look normal.  And the presets that came with the TV (i.e. cinema) all looked universally dark and drab.  Playing video games was hard as well, for instance the gun in Call of Duty looked about 90% like a black blob with no definition.After reading reviews here and at Wal-Mart (mostly good) I figured the TV I bought was defective so I got a replacement set.  It looked *exactly* the same - I ran them side by side, same scene, same movie, at the same time.  Awful color.My conclusion is it would be an ok set to throw in a guest bedroom but in my experience using it for day-to-day viewing would be distracting.  And I suppose if one was upgrading from a 27" tube TV it may look good in comparison to that based simply on the crispness.  $300 for a 40" TV is ridiculously low price but I figured I would try it.  I don't expect above-and-beyond from something that cheap, but a decent picture is a must.