Well i am and always will definitely be a Sony fan but wow how this killed me to own and to have to write a bad review. Unpacking the Sony out of the box i was siked up because it was a good price and it was a Sony. I knew that i liked Samsung better but couldnt find any good deals in my area so i went ahead with this thinking it would be on par. Boy was i mistaken, i turned it on, ran the set up, right out of the box the picture was just so smokey and fuzzy i started having to make adjustments right away. I used the PS3 screen and Lord Of The Rings on blu ray to fool around with the color etc, and a few HD trailers i had. The ps3 screen looked pretty good but had some jagged edges around the icons, so i popped in LOTR and went to the first scene in the shire to mess with colors. It looked "ok" and by that i mean JUST "ok" the greens were a little TO green and going back and forth just made it worse with contrast and color. Also the image was still cloudy and grainy. So i tried something computer animated, and downloaded the new Shrek trailer, it had such a bad orange tint to it, and Shrek was a pale skinned color it was just awful. So after many hour i said to myself either this is really a bad product from Sony, or i just got a lemon, which is true? Probably its just bad, i've read several reviews on this model with cloudy and grainy picture issues. So to no surprise i took it back got the newer model 46 inch Samsung that retailed for 1899, for just 1199. Took the Samusung home popped it out of the box and wulla! Very few adjustments and looked spectacular straight out of the package. I'm still a fan of Sony products but just not the Bravias, they have gotten pretty poor reviews as of late, check out Cnet and you'll see that most barely get 3 stars and few get 3 1/2. So go with Samsung it is and probably will always remain the best LCD television on the market, the only complaint i have about the Samsung is putting the stand on it, which is a pain with all there TV's and Monitors. I'll stick with PS3, and my nice Sony MP3 player and stereo, but no more LCDs from them for me. Sorry folks not sure if your blind or just wanted to give all 5 star reviews, but this thing just stinks.BTW-CHECK OUT THIS MODEL ON CNET, OR ONE SIMILAR AND SEE THAT THE AVERAGE REVIEW IS 3 STARS, AND THE BOTTOM LINE IS ALWAYS ABOUT THE PICTURE QUALITY NOT WOWING PEOPLE.1.Sony's midrange edge-lit LED-based LCD is nothing special from an image quality standpoint(thats from the new LED models)2.The bottom line: Despite a picture that won't wow sticklers3.The commendable picture quality of Sony's entry-level (its always about the picture), isn't that most important in your LCD, umm yes.