Delivery - it was one man and a truck scheduled to arrive within a 2 hour time period (he was on time).  I helped him carry it in, we lifted the box off together and plugged it in to ensure that it worked.  Then he left.  I waited for my nephew to come and help me.  Assembly of the stand is easy (4 screws, then 4 screws to secure the TV).  It's just such a wide TV that you need two people to lift it onto the stand and then on to your entertainment center.Plugging it in - it took you through a setup wizard, asked some simple questions, it figured stuff out, all worked.Had some snafus - I could NOT get the picture to look right with the cable box.  Then I discovered the handy "INFO" button on the remote.  This told me that my cable box was sending the TV 480i -- GASP!!  Switched it to 1080i and it was sharp and clear.  So, if letters come up on the screen somewhat pixelated from your cable box, check to ensure you're sending the TV the highest resolution.  Also compare the cable box to your DVD player.  If one looks good and the other doesn't then it's probably not the TV's problem, it is the box providing the signal (or the connecting cable).The other snafu was the that TV seemed so dim.  That's because the TV starts off in "Standard" picture mode which has a low contrast setting.  So I switched the picture to "Custom" and it was MUCH better!  Perfect in fact!We watched the 2D blu-ray version of 'Avatar' and it was AMAZING.  Somehow even in 2D it looks a bit 3D -- much more so than my previous plasma.  There are a zillion adjustments you can make to the picture in Custom mode like how bright you want the TV to be (which is not the same as "Brightness"), and so on so that you can get the picture to be just perfect.  So perfect in fact, we looked at each other and felt we were looking at live scenes through a window instead of viewing a TV.  Truly amazing.And FYI - the connection points are on the left side of the TV (left side as in when you're watching it).  So to keep cable lengths shorter, you're better off putting your receiver, DVD player, etc on the left side as well (otherwise plan on getting 8' to 10' HDMI cables).  The TV comes with a bunch of "adapters", like for optical digital audio cable and for composite video.  My guess is that the connections on the back of the TV can get tight especially when wall mounted, so the adapters help things to dangle easier.The "Apps" - the Netflix app took a day to work.  I didn't have "streaming" in my existing Netflix account, so maybe it took a day for it to get all worked out.  Meanwhile, I kept getting "my code has expired" and I had no clue why.  The next day when it finally did work, I discovered that Netflix really doesn't have much at all for streaming movies.  So then I tried the amazon app and it had TONS of movies available.  I haven't watched a movie that way yet, just watched a trailer or two, but it looks like it's going to work well.  The YouTube app was not very intuitive.  When you watch a video, the left half of the screen has the video information and the right half plays the video in a small 3 by 4 ratio box.  I saw no way to play a video in full screen, but thanks to the comment left by wasabi5858, I now know how to watch the video full screen -- you use your arrow buttons to highlight the video playing and then click OK to switch to full screen.  The remote's "return" button brings up controls to pause, return, etc.