I've been using my HX-909 for a couple of months and continue to be impressed with the quality of the picture it presents.  The best description I can give is that it it's like looking out an open window.  The LED backlight makes for vibrant colors.  The black level is by far the best I've seen on an LCD set.  It's nearly as black as the black plastic frame around the screen.  The glass in front of the screen does an excellent job of eliminating glare from other sorces.  The set is not a power hog by any means.  My Kill-A-Watt meter shows an average draw of about 130 Watts with normal programming although that figure can drop quite a bit if there is a lot of dark in the scene, when some of the LED backlights are off.Fast-moving scenes are rendered very well by the HX-909.  Whether that's due to the 240 Hz processing or just Sony's basic technology I don't know but I do know that I've never seen any juddering.  Picture quality seems more reliant on what's being fed to the set, rather than it adding any artifacts of its own.  Also, as another reviewer noted, the way this set upconverts regular DVDs is pretty amazing.  It really is hard to tell many of them from Blu-ray discs.The number of inputs (4 HDMI, 2 component, 1 composite, 1 PC-RGB) is certainly adequate.  The internal speakers are located in the bottom of the cabinet and are down-firing.  Their sound is somewhat better than one might expect but you really need a home theater sound setup to do justice to the picture.  I'm using a Sony HT-SS370 with mine along with a Sony BDP-S570 Blu-ray player, all using HDMI connections.  HDMI is also used to connect a Comcast HD box to the home theater.Now, that remote control.  It is both a pleasure to use and frustrating to use.  It is nearly 10" long, 2" wide and has a concave surface.  It fits the hand quite nicely and many of the buttons are well laid-out.  The buttons themselves have a "clicky" feel, unlike the rubbery feel of most remotes.  The volume and channel up-down toggles are large and easy to find.  The muting and jump buttons are quite another matter, however.  They are located at the sides of the volume and channel toggles and are tiny, measuring only 1/8" x 3/16".  Also, the distance they travel when pushed is very small.  They barely move at all.  Large fingers can have problems pushing them.  This can be a pain if you need to mute the set quickly, such as when the phone rings or the channel you're watching blasts you with an overly-loud commercial.  As for the extra power button on the back of the remote, one has to wonder why it's there as there certainly is no hardship with using the power button on the front of the unit.Be aware that the "manual" that comes with the HX-909 contains a mere 21 pages and contains only the most basic information.  The real manual is accessed by pushing the Guide button on the remote.  It is very complete but is somewhat of a chore to navigate with the remote.  To get to some of the subjects it contains requires drilling down through several pages.These are fairly minor gripes, however.  If you are looking for one of the best viewing experiences available today on an LCD set you will certainly like the HX-909.