I was debating whether to get a panasonic or LG 37" LED TV. When the price droppped for this one, I just couldn't resist to pull the trigger. TV just arrived yesterday and the first thing I checked for was the 7 digit code on the box: AUSWLUR. Then I said to myself, "Great! Awesome! It's a W not a D". What this indicates is this panel is an IPS panel, not the inferior VA panel.Setup:This setup was easy. It took me less than five minutes to install the swivel stand and connect my Verizon FIOS STB to the HDMI input.Physical Appeal:The black glossy frame and stand look terrific in our bedroom. It's thin and only weighs 40 lbs. Something that your wife will be more concern of than the picture quality. Also, the matte screen is what I personally prefer because we have two windows facing the TV.Picture:Picture looked mediocre in the beginning until I used the LG calibration function in the menu. HD channels look fantastic as espected, but what really disappoints me is the quality of SD. Obviously, the unit doesn't have a good enough filter, or may not even have one at all to filter out the noisy picture. Doing some custom tuning will improve SD to somewhat acceptable, but it'll still be far inferior to any Panasonic TV out there as Panasonic outputs SD content so well that it can fool people thinking they're watching HD. I recommend anyone who purchases this LG TV should do their own tuning rather than using the preset picture modes. Watching static picture like David Letterman on 1080i looks even better. No ghosting spotted when watching football thanks to its low response time. However, one huge letdown that buyer needs to be aware of is backlight bleeding. I start noticing backlight bleeding from all four corners after a week of watching. The top left corner is getting so bright that it's even affecting non-black color around that corner. So having an IPS panel doesn't guarantee you have a good TV.Audio:Don't expect any high quality trusurround sound coming out from these tiny speakers on this paper thin panel. The sound quality is just okay. At least I'm not hearing any fuzzy noise so far. If you're serious about sound, you always have the option to hook up to your external speakers.Gaming:I have yet to test out my PS3 and Blu-ray movies, but seeing how well it displays HD content for my FIOS TV with no lags in sport, I shouldn't expect anything less.PC:It connects to my HP laptop just fine via HDMI, but about 0.5" is cutoff on all four sides no matter what resolution I set to, but I can tolerate that.Conclusion:-1 for SD Quality, and -2 for Backlight CloudingIt's sad that this TV has to go. I would have kept this TV if it wasn't for the backlight issue, which is the only problem that I can't tolerate. Knowing that I get less than 50% chance to get another IPS panel for this LG, I'm going to have to try out another brand. Keep buying and returning until I get another IPS panel with NO backlight issue is not fun, and it's definitely bad for Amazon's business.