I've been contemplating 3D TV's for some time now. It wasn't really an idea I took seriously until I purchased Nintendo's 3DS and enjoyed the added depth that it provided. Demoing a few active-shutter sets from Sony, Samsung, and Panasonic, I was left with mixed emotions. While viewing some units, I could actually see the lenses flickering, and on two sets I was distracted by a very blue tint added to the picture. Reading about passive 3D made me excited, but many tech sites had reported that passive just didn't quite match up to active... this is not my experience at all. Before finally giving in and purchasing the E3D420VX I viewed a passive set in 3D from LG and was quite impressed. The Vizio was on multiple showroom floors, but never in 3D. This worried me but I took a chance. On to the TV itself...3D:Seeing as I wanted to add 3D to my entertainment (mainly for video games), this was my selling point. When I hooked up a PS3 to the TV and started a game in 3D, I was immediately blown away. I was extremely excited to finally own a 3D TV and knew I would love it, but still expected to be a little let down. However, the 3D on this TV far surpassed my expectations, and actually looked BETTER than 3D that I had recently seen in theaters. 3D was also superior to the active sets I viewed, as well as the passive LG. Images are extremely crisp and the depth that is added seems to make my living room disappear, leaving me immersed in whatever world is on the screen at the time. This effect makes the 42" TV somehow seem twice as big when viewing in 3D. While the two glasses included with the TV are different (1 premium, 1 basic), there was NO difference in the image between them, just small changes in design. A friend brought over a pair of RealD glasses from the theater and they worked fantastic as well. I prefer the Vizio glasses slightly more because they create a vivid colorful image, and the RealD glasses are a little more plain in color. I honestly CAN NOT speak highly enough of the 3D on this TV and would strongly recommend choosing passive 3D for so many reasons.2D:This TV also has one of the best 2D HD pictures I've seen on a TV. The black levels are extremely deep, and there is no visible ghosting or pixelation when viewing in HD. Since it is a 120Hz TV there is a very smooth image, as has become the case with nicer TVs. Vizio leaves options to disable screen smoothing if that is not your preference (I disabled screen smoothing because it makes things seem like they are slightly in fast forward and give too much of a "through the window" effect).Features:The E3D420VX offers a lot at its price point. This is my first experience with apps built into a TV, but I don't really know what more you could want. It has Netflix, Hulu, Vudu, Amazon, Yahoo, Blockbuster, Facebook and more. There are plenty of picture customization options, motion smoothing options, 3D options... really everything a TV should and can have. I've read a few reviews that say the TV takes far too long to start up. This is not an issue for me at all, and don't see where people actually get frustrated about its boot-up. It takes about ten seconds or so for the TV to get going.Hardware:The light weight of the TV was a welcome change to my previous LCD, an earlier model which was almost twice as heavy as the E3D420VX. This was a little extra reassurance that the TV would be just fine hanging on the wall mount that housed its heavier predecessor. I was very happy to find that they had changing their lit-up Vizio logo to a normal branding that doesn't light while the TV is powered up, an aspect of a few Vizio's, including my previous one, that distracted and irritated me while trying to enjoy something on-screen. My only complaint about the construction is that the built-in speakers are not removable, a feature I hoped for since the TV runs through my surround sound. That's only a cosmetic opinion though. I haven't listened to sound through the TV's speakers, so I can't vouch for them. I think the remote is pretty neat, featuring buttons for quick access to Amazon, Netflix, and Vudu. The back of the remote features a full QWERTY keyboard that has already saved a lot of time searching for things to watch online, or even naming inputs (ex: I named HDMI 1 PS3, HDMI 2 Xbox 360, a small feature that made me happy).Overall:All I've wanted to do since purchasing this TV is sit in my living room and enjoy it. I don't understand why it is as cheap as it is compared to other TV's that offer the same features. At $650, this is one of the best and most well enjoyed entertainment additions I can recall. If you're considering it, do it. If you're a little on the fence... still do it! This TV rocks in every way.