Summary:  This HDTV is good!  But it is a super thin edge-lit TV, and suffers from the same issues that all other edge-lit HDTVs suffer from:  occasional light-leak on the edges in certain situations and less-than-stellar quality from the built-in speakers.The light leak from the edge-lit sides is a little worse than I expected in a very dark room.  If you watch this in a dark room, you'll notice it a lot with movies that are letterboxed.  I mean: Anything you're watching that has black bars on the top/bottom or sides, you'll notice bright parts (or bad black levels) on the side edges of the display if you're in a very dark room.  This is because an edge-lit TV gets 100% of its light from the sides, not from directly behind the display.I don't think this is an issue with this specific television, but an issue with the edge-lit LED technology in general.  If you watch this TV in a room with a few lights on, you won't notice the leak.If you are going to watch this TV in a pitch-black room for movies that may be letterboxed, you may want to consider spending a little more money for an LED backlit HDTV that is full array, as opposed to edge lit.The sound that comes out of this TV is OK.  Not great.  If you're looking for some great booming sound to go with this TV, you'll probably want to invest in an external sound system.  Again, I don't think this is an issue with this particular TV, but an issue with these very thin/light TVs in general.  Because the TV is so thin, the size of the speaker they can cram into the case is relatively small/weak.Another thing about a 1080p 120hz television:  Unless you're going to watch Blu-Ray movies, you don't need this technology.  HDTV is only broadcasted in 1080i at 60hz.  Same with most all DVD players.  So you may not need a picture quality this good if you don't care about Blu-Ray.The inputs:  Beware!  There is no composite input, only component input.  Composite is the single RCA video connection (usually color-coded yellow).  Component is the three RCA video connection, color coded with Red/Green/Blue.  This TV does NOT have a composite connection.  For example, my Nintendo Gamecube (old!) has a composite video connection, and I cannot use it with this TV.This TV is a DLNA compatible device.  I can stream video to it via "PS3 Media Server" software (Mac OS X), no problem.  There is official Samsung software you can use to do this is you use Windows.  It can allegedly also play divx/mpeg/etc. via media plugged into its USB port, though I have yet to test this.If I had to do it all over again, I would either spend more money and get an LED backlit TV that is full array; not edge-lit.  Or I would spend less money and get a classically backlit HDTV.Other than my gripe about the edge-lit light leak, this HDTV is very good.  Overall I'm happy with it.