RESEARCH:After doing research for months, I ended up buying the 65ST30 from Amazon for $2050 last month. I'm a first time Plasma buyer, so researched QUITE a bit into this technology. I was surprised how far Plasmas have come along. I used to think they don't have a long life, or are an outdated technology. I couldn't have been more wrong. I also looked at the GT and the VT series, but VT was out of the question due to ridiculous pricing, and the picture quality of GT didn't look any different than ST30 at the local best-buy. GT does have a smaller bezel though, and is more attractive looking.Also, after reading several reviews and talking to people on AVS forum - I found out GT has bigger issues with floating blacks and brightness fluctuations, so decision was rather easy. ST30 was the one to get.CALIBRATION:After I got the set, I used the D-Nice's settings/slides to prep the set for his calibration (available online). You don't have to do this, even using his calibrated settings looked pretty good out of the box - but I went through his recommended process, to get the best possible image. If you have the patience, I'll recommend using his entire process. It's worth it.PICTURE QUALITY:After inputting the settings provided by D-Nice (and some of my tweaks) the picture quality was simply breathtaking. I was just amazed how natural the image looked. I was told this is the biggest advantage of going Plasma over LED, and at first I wasn't sure if I'll see much difference - but now I'm sold.I bought a 2011 LG LED TV just few months ago, and this Plasma is much better. I compared them next to each other, and it's not close. Not only you get true natural colors with Plasma, you get very deep blacks and no motion blur. Can't wait to watch some football on this beautiful set. I was somewhat worried about floating blacks - but no issues with this set. Watched a few Blu-Ray movies on it - and was blown away by the size of the TV and the fine picture quality. The TV speakers aren't great, but aren't bad either. I plan to buy a sound-bar at some point though.FEATURES:a) 3D - I'm not a big fan of 3D (not yet at least) but 3D is pretty damn good on this tv. Better than any other set I've come across. But, 3D image has always given me a head-ache, so I avoid using 3D.b) Online services - Basic applications are there, such as Netflix, Amazon videos, Youtube. User-Interface is very simple to use and is intuitive. I mostly use these services through the Blu-Ray player anyway. You can play videos or view pictures through SD slot or USB drive or DNLA server (connecting to your PC through wireless).c) Viera Connect - I love this feature. After I bought this TV, I also purchased a Panasonic Blu-Ray player and with Viera Connect, you can easily sync up the device with your TV and use the TV remote to control the player. Simple idea which makes a LOT of sense.d) Remote Control - I've not said this in a while, but I absolutely love the remote control that comes with this TV. It is also back-lit, which is helpful at night. Again, very simple and intuitive.CONS:I have yet to find anything wrong with this set. But, I must say - no TV is perfect. LEDs have their issues and Plasmas have their issues. I was aware of basic issues with Plasma's - so nothing caught me off-guard. I'll advise everyone to research these issues beforehand, or ask me if you have questions. These are small issues to deal with, nothing major but one must be aware of them.FINAL THOUGHTS:Another thing I'll advise everyone interested in buying a Plasma - don't go by what you see at your local store. If you have to compare at the store, compare Plasma TV with Plasma TV - not with LEDs. Plasma TVs need to be set-up according to your room and lighting. If not set correctly, Plasmas are likely to look pale and dull. To get the picture to pop-out and look accurate at the same time (something LEDs struggle with), you really need to mess with the settings. As mentioned before, google for D-Nice's settings - he is a professional calibrator who has shared his settings. Of course, you still have to tweak your settings - but it gives you a great starting point. Also head over to AVS forum where you can find more setting options and figure out what works best for you.I've had this TV for a month, and so far, it has been one of the best TVs I've ever purchased. Since then, I've purchased a 50ST30 as well for my bed-room and am just as pleased with that set. When you factor in the price (for 65ST30 or 50ST30), I doubt you can find a better deal out there. I looked at the Samsung Plasmas (which are skinnier) and look great as well. In the end, Panasonic is a more renowned brand when it comes to Plasmas and are still a step or two ahead when it comes to black levels and over-all quality. Also, Samsung has very poor customer service - which made the decision for me.