I have been in the market for a TV for a while now. I decided that I would look for a good 3D TV for an even better price. I realize it is not something I would use everyday, but I figured I would enjoy playing some 3D Blu-Rays and playing some PS3 games in 3D. I had really been looking at the Panasonic TVs, their 3D is really excellent. I've found that the Sony brand of 3D TVs was really hurting my eyes when watching. Panasonic didn't do that. Then I came across this Vizio TV and decided to give it a try.PriceThe price on this TV was pretty good. It was about $150 cheaper than the same Panasonic TV I was looking at, and that is before adding the price of the active shutter 3D glasses that Panasonic needs. The Vizio brand passive 3D glasses are cheap on Amazon, or you can just use all those 3D glasses you've not turned in after a movie.QualitySo far I'm really impressed with this TV. It compares well to my friends 3D Sony Bravia, which is a little higher quality in picture. The Sony TVs are also much more expensive, and his does not have the wifi and internet apps that this Vizio has. Someone had posted about the quality of the stand that the TV uses. They had said it was poor and wobbly. I don't find it to be wobbly at all, I actually think it is quite sturdy. Someone else complained about the onboard speakers, saying they weren't loud enough. I find that they are pretty good for built in speakers. Many of the TVs out there don't have amazing speaker quality, that is what surround sound is for. The speakers are just fine.3DI will say that I was blown away by the 3D. I really wasn't too sure what to expect, as I had not seen a demo of Vizio 3D before. I was a little weary because LG uses passive 3D glasses, and they did not impress me very much. Vizio seemed to do it right though. After many days and nights of playing on my buddy's Sony Bravia I can say that I prefer the 3D on this TV over his. While watching Tron and Alice in Wonderland in 3D on his Sony I noticed a lot of ghosting. I don't know if the batteries in his glasses needed to be changed, or we weren't quite at the right viewing angle. Those same movies on the Vizio have much less ghosting than on the Bravia. So far we've watched Tron, Alice and Tangled, all in 3D, and really enjoyed it. I've also played Killzone 3, COD: Black Ops and Gran Turismo 5. They all look really good in 3D, especially GT5.Pros:3D looks greatHD Looks greatPassive glasses seem to cause lest ghosting (and are MUCH cheaper)Remote control is awesomeCons:TV turns on kind of slowlyCome with that video smoothing turned on, which annoyed me to no end right away (now turned off and working great)Basically, if you're in the market for a 3D TV but don't want to spend too much money that Vizio is an amazing TV. I usually find myself very picky about the quality of video I am watching (much to my fiances irritation) and I haven't had one thing to complain about on here. My ps3 looks great, 3D is great and my HD cable looks great. It is a great buy and I'm glad I made the jump to the 3rd dimension.