We have had a Panasonic 46 inch TH-46PZ850U for the last two years and have enjoyed that set. Good black levels, decent ability to handle non HD sources, and very good color on 1080 sources. It was unfortunately stolen in a burglary 2 weeks ago so we found ourselves back on the market for a TV. We briefly looked at the LCD/LED sets essentially to confirm that motion is still an issue on many of them and that they still have that eye popping, yet somehow hyperreal image quality. We researched the Panasonic and the Samsung plasmas. Consumer Reports gives Samsung the edge (on the models they tested). Crutchfield stopped carrying Panasonic and raves about Samsung's quality improvements. CNET sees strengths and weaknesses in both, fretting about last years 2009 Panasonics' rapidly diminishing black levels and possible "motion issues" with the Samsungs.With all that in mind, we visited the local retailers to see the 2010 models from each. Both manufacturers top of the line plasma sets are now 3D models. Not a big selling point for us, but we do want the best 2D image quality possible. The Panasonic models are the TCP50VT25 and the TCP50VT20. We evaluated these with a Planet Earth Blu Ray as well as the feeds in the stores. In Samsung, it came down to the Samsung PN50C8000 and the similar PN50C7000. The 8000 offers a different black level adjustment and motion dejudder adjustments.We were impressed by the Panasonics. A definite improvement over our 2008 model. Better blacks and a very clean image.But we decided on the Samsung PN508000C. The Black levels on this set are stunning! The anti-reflective screen is far superior to the Panasonic. It makes the blacks so "present" that the 2D images create incredible depth in the image. On the Panasonic's glossier glass screen, it still feels like you are looking through a window. On the Samsung, the window vanishes and the image pulls you in. We had some reflection issues with our previous Panasonic when viewing during the day. None with the Samsung. Off angle viewing, even far closer and wider than anyone would ever choose to sit are amazing on this set. I was a little concerned about possible motion problems (although we saw none in store viewing). There have been NONE.We have Direct TV, a roof antenna for local HD channels and a Sony Blu Ray player. Since its been home, we have watched The Hurt Locker, Up in the Air and Mongol in Blu Ray. A standard def copy of Fantastic Mr. Fox upconverted by the Sony. We also watched an episode of HBO's the Pacific, US Open Series Tennis and several Baseball games all in HD. Finally we watched Direct TV's poor non HD feed of the national PBS station.This set combines the bright "pop" of an LED/LCD set with the inky blacks plasma's are rightly famous for. Motion in the sports programming have been silky smooth. Battle scenes in the Pacific and the Hurt Locker were very convincing. The gorgeous scenery of the Asian Steppes in Mongol had a presence and vividness that everyone watching commented on. The Fantastic Mr. Fox looked so good, that if you had told me it was a Blu Ray disc, I would not have questioned it. This set has a ton of picture adjustment options which have allowed me to tweak the settings to match the various sources we watch. Even the PBS feed of Charlie Rose, a notably dark and hard to make pleasing image has been an improvement.Some posts talk about a buzzing noise on the Samsungs. We have ours hooked into a Monster Cable line conditioner and have heard none.I really liked our previous Panasonic Plasma. This Samsung plasma is a far superior set in all areas. The image on it has that "wow factor" we all experienced when we first saw an HD set demonstrating in the store. Highly recommended.