I bought this plasma TV from Amazon a few weeks ago and I'm very happy with it.  Before I talk about the TV, let me say that buying from Amazon was an excellent experience. The transaction was fast, and the trucking company that delivered it -- Eagle Freight -- delivered it way ahead of schedule, brought inside my house, unpacked it and made sure it arrived in good condition. All in all Amazon was great to deal with.I chose a 720p plasma for a couple of reasons. At first I was on the 1080p bandwagon but after more research found that since my sofa is 14 feet from the TV, my eyes would not be able see much difference between 720p and 1080p at that distance. So why pay more for 1080p?  Also, no broadcast service has any plans to broadcast in 1080p. None, nobody. It will be years, if ever, before 1080p gets broadcast. So why pay more for 1080p?I looked at a number of 50-inch plasmas including Panasonic, Pioneer, Toshiba, LG, Vizio and Samsung. To my eyes the best pictures were found on the Pioneer and Samsung. The Pioneer plasmas have wonderful color rendition but seem to be a little soft in the focus, not as sharp as the others. Panasonics seem to have a slightly reddish hue that I don't care for. I won't mention LG and Vizio. The new Samsung -- this model -- impressed me with a highly balanced image: it has bright but realistic colors (unlike LCDs, which are too bright and cartoonish) with a sharp, clear image.The HPT-5064 has a very good user menu. Each input can be customized -- in other words, you can set color and contrast for HDMI while having other picture settings for component, etc. There are so many settings that it is a little overwhelming at first. I like the "Standard" and "Movie" modes: you can set color, tint, brightness and contrast for regular viewing; for watching movies at night in a dim room, you can have custom picture settings that are less bright.Using a home theater computer and a good Nvidia graphics card, I found that even though the TV is 720p, it will accept a 1080p signal through HDMI and properly downconvert. 1080i and 720p through either over the air or DirecTV look stunning on this TV.There are a bunch of other features on this set that I won't go into because this review is too long as it is. The USB port is handy if you want to show some pictures from your digital camera (easiest way is to buy a little adapter with USB male on one end and accepts the camera's SD card on the other).Are there any negatives to this TV? A couple of minor issues. One is that switching inputs -- say from HDMI(1) to HDMI(2) -- takes several seconds with some awkward shapes on the screen. The other thing is that some ticker tapes (horizontal scrolling stock quotes or sports scores) can be jerky and not as smooth as I would expect. Other than these minor flaws the Samsung performs great. Watching movies and especially HDTV is an "eye candy" experience. With standard DVDs I get the feeling that the Samsung is showing all of the picture information that is available -- you get a real sense of the limitations of regular DVDs. The 5064's compatibility with 1080p makes me confident that once Blu-Ray DVDs become more commonplace and reasonably priced, the HPT-5064 will show an excellent image at 720p or 1080i downconverted from 1080p.All in all I think the HPT-5064 is an excellent value.