So back to my bread and butter for reviewing - TV's!So I purchased the UN55D8000 even after hearing numerous complaints of screen uniformity issues. Why? I was looking for a TV that was about 4' wide and light enough I could mount it myself. Mind you it didn't hurt that this TV had the aesthetics of a modern art masterpiece. Ok so on to the review...Having had the TV for over 2 weeks - Here are some observations. Picture Quality is great, colors are vibrant, blacks are really deep.I've tested the 3D on here as well as the blacks using Tron Legacy 3D.Tested Gaming with my Xbox and Gears of War 3.Tested HD movie viewing with various movies, most recently the Bluray release of Star Wars complete Saga.So what can I say about the TV?Overall I am amazed with the picture sharpness, vibrant colors, and deep blacks.I do have some complaints, most notably the price... I was fortunate enough to find this on sale at Bestbuy (aka Worst Buy) for $1979 with free 3D Bluray player and 3D starter kit. The Tv comes with 2 glasses in the box so having spent under $2K pretax for the TV, 4 glasses, bluray player, and Megamind + Shreks 1-4 was a good deal. As of the writing of this review I noticed the price jump back up to $2079 (no freebies) here at Amazon and at Worst Buy. Sorry for the aside...Other things I noticed - Sound - Though vastly improved from prior LED's and LCD's the sound is something that suffers due to the design. You just can't get quality sound in such a svelte package.Last item to note 3D performance. I have the PN58C8000 (Last year's Samsung Plasma high end) which had good 3D picture. When I compare the C8000 to this TV - it appears last years Plasma (C8000) is still superior to this TV in terms of 3D performance. I noticed more flicker and image "ghosting" when off angle. Meaning that only the person at dead center or persons near dead-center will enjoy the 3D on this unit. Now I must admit, I am not sure if its the TV or the change in 3D technology. Last year Samsung used an IR (infrared transmitter); This year Samsung is using bluetooth. So I can't say its a true apples to apples comparison.Other thoughts...Smart Features - Wow is everything "smart" these days? Well I used the apps - they are fairly slow and a pain to use as a result. If you want a video streaming service (use a separate item like AppleTV, Xbox, PS3, Roku). I also seemed to have problems using other DLNA compliant items (Read Windows Home Server) to play video on the TV over the network - appears this TV is very picky on the movie formats it will play over DLNA (like the PS3).So performance - Out of the box the Picture Quality (PQ) is very good. Once I calibrate it I will share in an update.Setup - If you've set up a computer recently its pretty straightforward - appreciate the built in WiFi for network connectivity.SUMMARY:Overall 4/5 starsPros:*Picture Quality - sharp image, vibrant colors, deep black level*Design - Samsung's "One" Design is stunning. I must say its the most visually stunning design and minimalistic*Smart Features - If you dont have another box, you can stream video using many popular online streaming servicesCons:*Price - The plasma at a larger size is actually less costly I usually go bang for the buck, in this case due to the numerous picture uniformity issues I have been hearing about I must note that, I must admit I only saw it while watching Thor (and I am looking for it)*Sound - Well this goes without saying most TV's these days don't have the rich sound they once had.*3D viewing - If you buy this to primarily watch 3D you will have "ghosting" at off center viewing angles.**Update**All credit to CNET - I will do my own THX calibration when I get a chance.[...]Found the calibration settings - NOT on AVSforums, but CNET per their review--Picture menuMode: MovieBacklight: 10Contrast: 96Brightness: 51Sharpness: 0Color: 47Tint: G50/R50Screen adjustment submenu:Picture Size: Screen FitPosition: [no change]Auto Adjustment submenu: [Grayed out]Advanced settings submenu:Black tone: OffDynamic contrast: OffGamma: -1Expert Pattern: OffRGB Only Mode: OffColor space: CustomWhite Balance: [see below]10p White Balance: OnFlesh tone: 0Edge enhancement: OffMotion Lighting: OffxvYCC: OffLED Motion Plus: CinemaColor Space submenu:Red: Red 59, Green 0, Blue 0Green: Red 10, Green 55, Blue 10Blue: Red 0, Green 6, Blue 61Yellow: Red 53, Green 50, Blue 0Cyan: Red 4, Green 49, Blue 50Magenta: Red 37, Green 4, Blue 41White balance submenu:R-Offset: 19G-Offset: 18B-Offset: 20R-Gain: 31G-Gain: 29B-Gain: 2410p White Balance submenu:Interval 1: Red 2, Green 2, Blue 2Interval 2: Red -1, Green -1, Blue -1Interval 3: Red 1, Green 1, Blue 0Interval 4: Red 3, Green 3, Blue 2Interval 5: Red 6, Green 4, Blue 3Interval 6: Red 7, Green 6, Blue 4Interval 7: Red 5, Green 6, Blue 4Interval 8: Red 3, Green 3, Blue 2Interval 9: Red 1, Green 1, Blue 0Interval 10: Red -2, Green 0, Blue -1Picture options submenuColor tone: Warm2Digital Noise Filter: OffMPEG Noise Filter: OffHDMI black level: Normal [grayed out]Film mode: Off [grayed out]Auto motion plus: Custom-- Custom settings:Blur reduction: 10Judder reduction: 0Smart LED: StandardCinema Black: On