Well, my son loaned me his 40 inch TV to take the place of my 5 year old 30 inch TV. I loved the bigger TV because it was so much easier on my aging eyes. I loved that bigger TV...for a solid 8 days, until it broke. I couldn't simply go back to my 30 incher, so I finally bit the bullet and purchased this TV. After watching it for a week or so, I am very glad I did so.The setup was reasonably easy and quick. The TV found my network and connected with no problems. The Internet setup of this TV is somewhat different than that of the Sony Blu-ray I purchased to accompany the TV. The Blu-ray allows me to easily access Amazon's free-to-Prime customers downloads of movies and TV shows. I haven't been able to figure out how to make the TV access as easy. Of course, I don't "need" the TV access because I have access via the Blu-ray player, but in some sense it would still be nice if I could use the TV itself for access. I don't (yet) subscribe to Netflex or similar services, so unfortunately I have no comment on their ease of use. Edited to add: After the TV updated itself (very easy!) it no longer was able to connect to the Internet. My computer-expert son had to manually connect it. If I was able to subtract a halof-star so that the rating was 4.5 stars, I would do so.The instruction book is on the skimpy side. Thankfully there is an "i-manual" on the TV itself, which is handy. Still, I guess I'd have liked more detail in the print manual, especially about issues such as setting up Internet access. On the plus side, the TV just finished up-dating its software with no glitches, so I know that my Internet access is at least semi OK.The picture on the TV seems significantly brighter than that on the old TVs. I like this feature. A feature that takes a bit more to get used to is how the TV handles scenes with rapid (or, even in some cases, not so rapid) motion. Often the people or objects seem to "glide" across the scene. It's hard to describe but I think that once you see it, you'll understand. Presently this effect is somewhat jarring, but as I've watched more on the TV, this effect has become somewhat less disconcerting. Perhaps ultimately I'll grow accustomed to it.The TV definitely runs much cooler than did my 5-year old 30 inch TV or, especially, the 4-year old 40 inch TV. I expect that this difference is due to the use of LCDs as the light source. Given that I live in Florida, this heat saving is hugely appreciated.One drawback is that the package did not include any 3-D glasses. Because I doubt I'll ever watch much (or any) 3-D at home, this point does not bother me.Amazon's delivery was first class. The TV even came a day earlier than initially promised. Of course, unless you live next door to me and get the same delivery person, your mileage may vary.Another huge advantage has been Amazon's low-price guarantee. Merely by checking on Amazon's web page, I have (so far) saved slightly more than $250 by submitting multiple "found a lower price" link to Amazon. Perhaps if I was more ambitious and looked at still more websites, I could save even more, but checking Amazon's alone is just so easy....EDIT: As I have gained experience with the TV, I'd subtract another half star (and be down to 4 stars) due to frustrating Internet access and even more annoying Sony help. At 12:00 noon today, the Internet access was fine. We watched a free-to-Amazon Prime customer TV show. But at 6:30, with absolutely no changes, it failed. After 30 minutes of repeatedly successfully connecting to my network and the Internet(at least according to the TV) and still being unable to access Amazon I decided to use the apparently helpful Sony help screen built into the TV. There was a nice 800 number, which I dialed...only to discover that 7:10PM Eastern time is "after hours" for Sony help and if I wanted to talk to someone, I had to call some other long-distance number. I decided I'd call tomorrow. I have my fingers crossed...