I purchased this set from Amazon about a month ago and have been very happy with it.  As you would expect, I spent a lot of time researching HDTVs both online and in stores.  I had initially been looking for a 46"+ model but after spending some time looking at them in person I determined that a 42" set would be a better option.  I use the TV primarily for viewing HD cable and gaming on an XBOX 360.  A larger set would have been too big for the room and gaming would have been a headache.Free delivery (through Pilot) went smoothly.  I scheduled my delivery date at checkout, followed the progress on Pilot's website, and called to follow up the day before (they did not, and would not have called me).  Setup only involved affixing the swivel stand which, while not rock solid as other reviewers have noted, is no less stable than other flat screen stands I've seen.  There is an included attachment screw if you wanted to semi-permanently mount it to your entertainment center.Initial setup was easy and I never needed the included users manual CD.  There are a lot of settings options which initially overwhelmed me but I found a great forum with a number of settings and a wealth of other information for this particular model (the AVS forums are great).  I'm happy to post a direct link in the comments if anyone is interested.Image quality, black levels, contrast, viewing angle and even sound are all wonderful.  I have a pioneer surround sound system that I have yet to bother setting up since I haven't had the need yet.  I've only gotten the set cranked up to half way (15 or so maybe) and it was plenty loud.  We usually watch it on 8 or 9.Also, I had considered the 520 model of this same set (as I'm sure others have) but opted for the 550 due to the slight increase in dynamic contrast as well as the internet connectivity.  I have no need for the wireless adapter as the TV sits right next to my router.  The network connection allows for automatic software updates which can add functionality or troubleshoot bugs.One important note is that a recent automatic update changed the Netflix interface, adding many more functions, category browsing, search capability and a new layout (I may try to post some pictures when I get a chance).  While I previously used my 360 to stream Netflix movies, the ease of using the TV alone can not be overstated.  The picture quality is great (obviously depending on your connection) and the controls are intuitive.  I've also fiddled with Youtube a bit and set up some of the Yahoo widgets but Netflix will be the primary use for the Netcast feature.I'm still tweaking some of the settings but the set lets you adjust and save settings for each input.  I've programmed a different picture mode (game vs. cinema) and completely different settings (backlight, contrast, TruMotion, etc.) for the cable and the xbox and all I have to do is change the input and the tv applies the settings I've programmed.  Inputs are initially labeled as "HDMI1", "HDMI2" etc. but you can select from a number of preset labels and icons (cable box, game system, etc) and assign them to the appropriate input.  It's a simple feature, but a very handy one.  In general, gaming looks great and I've yet to notice even a hint of input lag.Overall, I'd say this TV ranks at or near the top of its price category and gives models costing a few hundred more a run for their money.  After spending the better part of a year looking for just the right mix of value and performance, I'm happy I waited for this LG.  It's been just what I was looking for.