Excellent TV! After doing a lot of research and comparison I decided to go with Samsung 5053 model and I'm really happy with my decision.No buzzing sound of any kind. My TV was made on 10/2006 on Mexico. I think the major mistake people do is not buying extra stuff that are really necessary.First, if you spend $2000+ on TV, please invest a little more into HDMI cable (can be bought for $15, and there is no need for Monster HDMI brand that cost $90+).I compared them (Monster and other no brand cable) and there is NO difference what so ever.Second, you need to get a High Definition receiver from your cable/dish company that have an HDMI output. I have Cablevision and I got DVR box with HDMI output from them. If you want to see high resolution picture you MUST get a High Definition receiver otherwise you will not get the same picture you see in the store.Actually you will get a BETTER picture then in the store because most of the stores do not use HDMI cables.And the last thing THE MOST IMPORTANT ONE since the biggest problem for most of the people in reviews below is BUZZING sound, is to get a noise reducer / surge protector.This thing is a MUST HAVE, if you do not want to have buzzing problems like many people have. I got Belkin PureAV 10 Outlet Isolator, but there are other brands available like Monster. It DOES reduce any unnecessary noise and IMPROVE your picture and sound. In this case I would recommend to spend a little extra and get a good quality isolator instead of the unknown brand model since it does make a difference (unlike HDMI cable)Also make sure your cable is also connected to Isolator first before it goes to TV.All I can say that I have a BETTER picture that most of the stores have, and HDTV channels are breathtaking! I just wish my cable company provided more channels in high resolution. One thing that stand Samsung apart from most of the other plasma brands is the quality of Analog channels. On my TV they look even BETTER then on regular CRT TVs! The only difference since they are displayed in 16:9 format, the picture is a little wider then normal but it is barely noticeable.Also make sure you set up you cable box properly, so it would up convert all 1080i signals when you switch to HDTV channel and go back to 480i when you switch to Analog channels. This way you will not have to constantly change setting in order to get rid of side bars that all Analog channels have when viewed on 16:9 format TV.I'm not sure how it is done with other cable providers but in Cablevision it is really simple: you just make only 1080i and 480i formats available and for picture format option choose "Auto DVI/HDMI"Also you might want to get something like "The AVIA Guide to Home Theater DVD" (sold here on Amazon for $39). It will help you to calibrate your picture settings. I did not purchase it since I think that my picture is already amazing, but I know few people who did and it help them significantly improve their picture (contrast, color, sharpness, etc).So overall I'm very happy with this TV an I do not think there are anything better available within this price range and even Pioneer Elite (for around $6000) is not noticeably better.