Let me start off my saying that this TV is amazing! I was first contemplating on getting the 5 series (Ln52a550) larger screen @ 52" at little bit more in price but lower in specs (i.e. lower contrast ratio and no 120hz). But I decided to go with a 46" in more picture quality than the 52". I am very pleased with my decision! Before I purchased the TV on Amazon, I went to my local Best Buy to look at the picture qualities and compare the various models. Right away, I can notice the deeper blacks and the more vibrant colors produced from this 6 series HDTV. The "ultra clear panel" glossy coat on the screen (similarly to what you see in plasmas) attribute to the more vibrant colors and deeper blacks, which in my opinion really deliver on a great picture. Please note, this might not be ideal for those who can't control the ambient lighting in the room because you might see a little glare. However, this is not a problem for me.One of my biggest dilemmas was this whole thing on the "120hz" auto motion, do I spend less and not worry about this feature or pay a little extra to have the latest technology out there in terms of LCD's? Well since I'm a gamer and I like watching sports, I opted to go withthe 120hz. At first, right out the box, the TV's settings have the 120hz on medium. The motion looked really awkward to me, sinceI'm not used to the 120hz motion flow (my previous TV being a 720p 32" LCD mind you). The great thing I noticed when going through the picture options is that you can customize the settings to be off, low, medium, high, etc. So in other words, you can ease yourself in to the 120hz motion by starting off on low and turn it up when you feel you're ready for it. In my opinion, it looks great on the low setting.Other great features include: electrostatic touch sensitive controls on the TV bezel (adds to the sleek design), many picture adjustment options, ease of navigating menus, really nice remote with backlighting, great sound produced by the built-in down-firing speakers, ultra fast response time for gaming, info link to display RSS feeds such as weather and news (just connect it with a ethernet cable to your router / wireless option available), and swivel stand (for those of you that are not wall mounting this bad boy).One last thing that is important to note, Amazon's delivery service exceeded my expectations! When I purchased the TV I was quoted by the automated system on receiving the item in like 7 business days. I may have been lucky or Amazon is just good like this, but I actually got the TV in 3 business days!!! The delivery service called me the day before it was delivered to confirm a time to deliver the TV. Once the delivery got to my house, they called me to let me know they were here! The box was brought up to my house in a perfect condition box. If you're like me, even so the product may be good inside, but I hate boxes that look like they were beat up in transit. All in all, GREAT SERVICE!