I received this TV on Friday 6/17 after a lot of nail-biting because of the power/firware issue mentioned by a few other people.  First off, the TV is very slim and the picture on it is very good.  I am still futzing with the picture options but I think I have everything set the way I like.  I have it connected via HDMI to a Comcast DVR and also an XBOX 360 (also via HDMI) and everything is good there.  Also, I was able to get the unit very snug to the wall using a PYLE PSW598UT wall mount (also from Amazon).  I have a recessed power outlet behind the TV and all of the cables are hidden and it looks really nice being such a thin TV and then having it right up against the wall.  The TV was on a lot today and never shut itself off.  I also got the TV to recognize my wireless router and I played with the apps a little bit.  The remote is a bit clunky but I like the way it works.  The only issue I have with it is the sound, which is okay but not great.  I changed the audio settings and equalizer settings (I set it to ROCK which seems to have the most bass).  But as I went between the unit that this one replaced (a 50" Samsung which is now in a different room) I noticed that the audio on the Samsung is MUCH better than the Vizio.  The 37" Vizio I own had sound that was so bad that I had to by a soundbar for it.  I don't think I'll need one for this 55", but it's always possible I'll get one.  I will update this review as pros and cons come up but at this point, I'm liking it.** UPDATE **I have been playing with the video settings on the TV for the past four days & watching quite a bit of baseball, news and other HD content.  I don't know if everyone will benefit from this, but after looking at the various settings, the best combination seems to be:SMOOTH MOTION  :  MEDCINEMA MODE  :  SMOOTHNOISE REDUCTION  :  LOWMPEG NR  :  OFFCOLOR ENHANCEMENT  :  RICH COLORADAPTIVE LUMA  :  LOWFILM MODE  :  AUTOSMART DIMMING  :  OFFAMBIENT LIGHT SENSOR:  OFFI like the screen bright and everyone in my house agrees with that.  The smart dimming plus the ambient light sensor both being off along with the picture mode set to VIVID makes for a pretty bright screen but I like it.  I will admit right now that I do not know what all of these things do so I just played with the settings until I thought I had the best picture for me.  Also, the 50" plasma that was in this space before had a better viewing angle.  It was bright, crisp and clear from angles and across the room.  This one is very good from directly in front of the screen and although it's okay from angles, it's noticeably darker which is why I keep the picture settings bright.  I have not changed the other video settings at all (BRIGHTNESS, CONTRAST, SHARPNESS, etc).  The TV has stayed powered on and has not surprised us by turning itself off or anything else.