I have had this TV for 6 weeks and I am very pleased with it.  This was my first HD TV and I previously had a 32 inch 11 year-old SDTV.  The upgrade to a 47 inch screen was amazing, not to mention the superior clarity and detail on movies, sports and network TV shows.  I saw a Celtics basketball game on their parquet floor and I have never seen it look like that!The best features of this TV are:1) Screen size.  We sit about 6-7 feet from the TV and 47 inches is perfect and does not overwhelm the room.2) Thin screen.  We put the TV much closer to the wall than our old RCA clunker with the huge back.3) Swivel screen.  This is a great feature!  Our rec room has a long couch that faces the TV straight-on and a recliner about 4-5 feet to the side.  We can angle the screen between us without any perceivable change in size or picture quality.  The advantage is you do not have to re-arrange your furniture to optimize your view, just turn the screen to face where you are sitting.4) Glare reduction.  We have a basement rec room that gets no direct sunlight, but we do have several lamps.  Before we turn on the TV, we can see the glare on the screen from the light on the end table. After turning the TV on, you don't notice any glare whatsoever.  This model LG comes with a feature that automatically adjusts the brightness of the picture based on the amount of light in the room.  We shopped for plasmas in our local electronics store and the glare was a huge distraction.  You will not have that issue with this TV - it is a must if you are going to use it in a room that gets substantial sunlight.5) 120 hz refresh rate.  This was the biggest decision we faced since this feature adds about $300 to the price.  We are huge sports fans and were afraid of "pixilization" during fast-moving sequences.  I am happy to report that the picture quality is outstanding while watching football, basketball, Winter X Games, etc.  We tend to keep things a long time so we were willing to spend extra for this technology.The one negative I have to point out is the sound quality.  On some movies and tv shows, the sound is tinny and vibrates like the speaker at an old drive-in movie or fast food drive-through.  It's not quite that bad, but it is noticible and distracting.  I would expect better sound for a TV of this price but I guess this is a common complaint since many people purchase sound bars or surround sound speakers.  I'm sure we'll get those eventually, but for now it will do.Overall, I feel like my 4 months of research paid off and this LG LCD gave me the bang for my buck that I was looking for.  I would not return the TV for a full refund and I am still very happy with my purchase!