When I first ordered the TV I knew it was a risk because it's a LONG distance between California and New York and of course, there was a giant hole in the screen when I got it! However, the seller, Electronics101 really did a great job quickly sending me out a replacement so kudos to them! (Don't bother calling them though, use the Amazon e-mail service if you want a quick response.)3D Content:I purchased this as a first 3D TV, so I can't really compare to other 3DTV's.The only 3D movie I had to test with was Finding Nemo and it looked fantastic! When the TV detects 3D content (from my 3D Blu-Ray Player for example) it automatically asks if I would like to switch to 3D. Sadly, with my Time Warner Cable (Cisco) box this isn't the case- but I'm not surprised as cable companies are behind the times when it comes to 3D content.Blu-Ray HD:When I put in Band of Brothers (Blu-Ray 1080P, 24p) it was the crispest picture I have ever seen. This was especially the case when I enabled the Vizio Smooth Action/Cinema settings. It did kind of look surreal in some parts (like in a long scene where people are walking) as if people were moving faster than they should have, but part of that is because with regular TV we are used to seeing motion blur. This blur is precisely what the Vizio Smooth Action/Cinema settings try to omit.Darker colors show up nicely. The blacks in a picture show better when the Vizio Luma setting is on high.Digital Cable:Unfortunately I'm plagued with Time Warner Cable monopoly in my area. The only 3D channel (with content on it) are the old replays ESPN3D, which is not worth the $10/month they require you to pay. Time Warner does offer a 3D section on their On Demand movie lineup, but the free contents are short documentary-type movies. Regardless, the 3D content through cable looks fine- though not nearly as good as when played back from a 3D blu-ray disc.As of now, TV companies only broadcast in 1080i or 720p (1080p is too expensive), so the HD content through cable looked good, but again, not the 1080p you get when playing back from a blu-ray. By the way, those of you watching DirecTV 1080p are watching a dumbed down/compressed version of 1080p, so again, it's not true 1080p therefore the quality won't look like a 1080P blu-ray.Internet Content/Vizio Apps:I definitely didn't get this TV for the use of apps, as I use the blu-ray player for streaming. However, it is nice to hit a button the TV remote and scroll through the apps while watching TV simultaneously. I especially like being able to check the weather when watching TV. The YouTube app is nice, but not as easy to navigate as the blu-ray player YouTube app and I can only assume the same for Netflix. I believe all the apps are sponsored/developed by Yahoo!, but as I said, the blu-ray players is much better. You can also download more apps from the Yahoo! app store (or whatever it's called) but there isn't much of a variety.It DOES take a few seconds longer to turn on than a regular TV. But I feel this is normal as I attribute this to being a Smart TV and having to load the operating system, apps and also logging on to the wireless network. Patience is a virtue.The 802.11n WiFi works very nicely, after putting in the password for my wireless network, the TV did the two firmware updates automatically.Remote Control:The idea behind this thing is simply awesome. It would take FOREVER to use any of the apps without a keyboard so the keyboard on the flip side of the remote is really a great idea. The problem? It's not bluetooth, it's infrared! At first glance this might not sound like a big problem, and indeed, that's how I felt when I made the purchase. However, it's a pain in the neck. If there is ANYTHING even close to blocking the IR receiver on the bottom left of the TV, forget about using the remote! In my case the TV is sitting on a dresser which is higher than the bed. When laying bed trying to use the keyboard-remote, you have to tilt the remote up while pressing the keys. It's especially hard because the cable box sits in front of the TV (there's no other place for it!).Again, not a deal breaker as I didn't plan on using the apps much anyway, but still would have liked the solid bluetooth.Input/Output:This TV definitely CAN play movies from USB Flash drives. Some reviews have said it can't. Perhaps they were trying to play file formats that were unsupported? I created a 1080p movie using iMovie and it worked without any conversion. There are two USB ports.The HDMI ports are great, I only wish there were more than three! (One on the side, two in the back.)Summary:This is a wonderful TV. Yes, there are a few small things that could have made it even better, but they might have those features omitted simply in order to entice the purchase of a different, more expensive model. Also, it's 120hz as opposed to 60hz, so that makes the picture looks even sharper. 1080p Blu-Ray's look wonderful and 1080p 3D blu-rays look even better! With ethernet/wifi ability the TV is able to keep itself and apps updated automatically which is very nice. If you have reasonable expectations, you won't be disappointed with this purchase.Tips:As with any TV, if you really want to watch true HD/3D, make sure you have the necessary additional hardware to it (3D blu-ray player, 3D digital cable box). One more thing, when selecting blu-ray movies, check the back of the package to make sure it is 1080P so you get the best quality picture. Other than that, enjoy!