Let me begin by saying this is the best TV I've ever laid eyes on. I was skeptical that a TV of this size could maintain such quality at first. I was wrong. Now let's get to my review. If you're reading this and thinking of getting this on Amazon.. BEWARE of vendors using Manna Distribution for delivery services. Dealing with them was a nightmare and a half.Now, I could sit here and talk about the inky pitch dark blacks or amazing shadow detail or color realism, but it's all been done already. So I'll To the nitty gritty. Nothing major.. but worth looking into if you're a picky videophile like me. Personally anything that cost more than a grand is definitely worth being picky over IMO.I haven't even began tweaking the settings yet.. I have my contrast set to 50 and brightness 45 on 'relax'. And boy this thing still displays everything like a champ in brightly light rooms. Now, I did almost instantly notice the 3 big things people have been picking on about this TV and those things were the occasional glare on the screen, the buzzing and the brightness pops amongst other things. All 3 very mild.. but there (depending on your set).1.) The buzzing: you'll only probably notice if your set is in a quiet environment or you're not using surround speakers. I've read it's common in a lot of new plasmas, since they consume so much energy in the beginning of their lifespan but gradually goes goes away. I'll be sure to come back here and make note of it if this happens.2.) The glare: is virtually unavoidable. If a bit of light seeps into your living room, it will find it's way onto your screen. But by no means ruins your viewing experience.3.) And last but not least for me, and by far the most notable.. the brightness pop: This might be a set specific issue or not. I don't know.. but I do know since updating the firmware via the menu it's been minimized. I called Samsung and they walked me through a pretty basic procedure to say the least. I will be calling them back because now that I noticed it.. I will continue to until it goes away.With that said, I am going back to enjoying this BEAST of a TV. Will make this a 5-star review instead of 4 if I get the brightness issue resolved. Now stop reading this and GO ORDER THIS NOW if you're thinking of it.UPDATE --So I've had someone come out to look at this regarding the brightness fluctuation issue twice after the USB sticks didn't seem to resolve the autodim issue. The 2nd time a new logic board was installed. The problem was mildly minimized, but is still there. I've learn to live with it just so I won't have to deal with the hassles of a return and because the picture quality really is superb in the end. Just a heads up to anyone still thinking of getting this TV.