First of all, as this is the only 19" white monitor/TV in the market, you simply have no option but to get it if thats the color/screen size you are looking for. For 22" and 24", "Benq" makes white PC monitors (no sound). For 32" and above, Favi also makes white TVs.In terms of design, this thing is beautiful. The white is very glossy and resistent, the external built material is very high quality. Regarding the on/off light indicator, its very small and impossible to notice while using the product. But if you look at it, its a beautiful shade of blue for "on". In addition, the small infrared chamber is transparent, so you make take a glimpse of the internal components, very "macintosh alike". Last, but not least, the stand is a very beautiful acrylic glass in an oval shape, connected to the monitor by a silvery chromated alluminium ring. Everything is visually perfect.The sound speakers on this unit are tottaly CRAP. Ridiculous quality sound, if you use this a TV set, you gonna be very disapointed. I use it as a monitor, so I dont care much.Now, this is a 1360x768 model only (at least as advertized). The monitor does take 1080P signal, but I cant tell if the displayed image is scalled down or shown in an unadvertized resolution. Probably its the first scenario...the bad thing about this unit is that when receiving HDMI signal at 1360x768, the colors get all "pink". thats a simply "dont use it" resolution. Any other resolution is perfect, I use 720P, whites and blacks look great and colors are vibrant. However, Webpages do look way better in 1360x768 or higher, so getting a 22" model is very worht it, believe me. (22" and above are 1080P)You can tilt the monitor vertically by some degrees, wich is great to adjust it to your eyes, depending on the height you place your monitor. Im currently using this model at aprox 45cm from the front edge of the table (45cm edge to stand, 50cm edge to screen) At this distance, screen size is not small, neither is the resolution. However, I tested a 22" (other brand) on a 1600x900, and it looked way better. So, if you are planning on using this monitor in a postion wich is closer to your eyes, this would be an excelent model. But if you are using at the same distance as I am, get the 22", it will look better, and who knows, the sound speakers may have better sound, who knows...And a nice feature about it is that the monitor automatically shuts itself down, when it senses no signal for aprox 4 minutes. So if you forget your PC on, when it goes to sleep, a few moments later, the Monitor turns itself off as well.I totally recommend this model solely based on its design, but Im upgrading to Haier 22" in a near future. If you dont care about sound and/or high resolutions, and want something white and gorgeous, this model may be for you.