I had an old plasma 47 inch from HP. Yes,HP, and it was time for a new one. I have a big toshiba in the living room but I wanted to replace the one in the man cave,man quarters, etc. It literally takes 2 minutes to get in out of the box, get the base screwed on( one hand tightenable screw only),and get her onto the entertainment unit. The t.v. ,eh,t.v. is an insult! This marvel of modern day science / gift from the gods over at Vizio only weighs 31 lbs!! My old plasma weighed 89lbs!!!!! Mind you, I haven't really heard of Vizio, I figured it was some cheap ,generic,no name store brand and never paid it much mind. I was out and not looking for a t.v. and I saw it on display. The price drew me immediately becuz of the size, resolution, and hdtv 3D! It boasts 120 hz reso speed , this friggin beast out performs my TOSHIBA  which was about double the cost and a half!The 3D cant be beat! And they don't tell you this in the book, they say you need the 3d blu ray player to try it out or a ps3 with 3d hdmi cables...the cables you need but if you rent movies in 3d off of vudu and soon to be announced, netflix, you dont need a blueray player! Unless you collect movies and want to have the boxes laying around, thats another story. Besides ,you can buy the 3d flix on vudu and always save them and you can stream it directly to your tv without the bluray player or the bluray 3d dvd. The app features are a blast and once you hook up net flix to your tv you can get it immediately on your fone or ipad as well! You have facebook and the remote flips over and has a full QWERTY keyboard that rivals the best flipfones that we all had and it's about scale also! So u can get your text fix on. Then I finally got to see what my XBOX 360 looked like on it.OMFG! I can't believe how I was living ..I wasn't even a person without this TV!!!The games look like new games , I am going thru all my old games to see how they were designed to look..I have the digitl optic cable for audio and the Vizio 3D HDMI cables all hooking everything up to my denon/boston acoustics home theatre system.and cable box/tivo. I 've heard people complain about the tv's speakers, I need a surround sound system, everyone needs one. The way these systems have the sound now has you looking over your left shoulder when you hear a tree branch crack or a jet flying from one side of the room to the other. You are NOT going to get that sound from any tv,even this super machine. Drop the 98$ and get the sound bar ya cheap freak! You saved 500$ on the damn tv!!