I've purchased and returned 2 LCD TVs: a Samsung 40" LCD in 2008, and a Panasonic VIERA 32" LCD just a few weeks ago.  Both of these seemed to be good TVs, but IMHO the Sony Bravia blows them both away, especially considering that Amazon's price is significantly cheaper vs the others.The set-up was very fast and simple.  I used the enclosed TV stand for my Bravia and it took less than 5 minutes to assemble.  The TV is extremely stable on the base, even a little more so than the Panasonic.  I had no qualms about setting it on top of a small, sturdy dresser to get some height for better viewing.The only snags I encountered at all were with setting up the HDMI interfaces between my Lenovo laptop computer and Panasonic DVD player/recorder.  At first the picture quality was marginal, but I think the HDMI settings must take some time to sort out.  The TV seems to be smart enough to eventually get everything set, and the laptop's external viewer settings did identify the Sony television and once that was done, I could make some changes to the view settings to get what I wanted.  (When I changed from the PC HDMI input to another source and back, the Panasonic TV wouldn't show the computer input and I'd often have to reboot the computer to get it to show right.)  So, patience is required to get your view settings as desired, but this TV can handle just about any preference!It's possible the Panasonic might have had a slightly "crisper" picture and less darkening effects with some movies, etc.  But I just turned up the backlight on the Sony and no more worries.  The sound on the Sony, however, is superior IMHO.PROS:Excellent remote control with logical labels.  ALL the buttons serve a useful purpose and their purposes can be learned intuitively and quickly through use.Ease of changing viewing width/angles to accommodate quality of source signal, on the rare occasion the TV didn't get it right the first time.Great sound quality and functions - RCA out jacks are critical!Video motion seemed very smooth - I have ear/balance/migraine issues and even so I didn't get a nauseated/dizzy feeling as much as I did with the Panasonic or Samsung (though the Sam's screen was too big for the room).Current price at Amazon - $358.99?!CONS:Dark/night scenes in movies could be a little "too dark" unless the backlight was increased.  I suppose this might shorten the life of the TV, but I don't think it's necessary to do this except for certain programming.Like most LCD TVs in this price range, the internal speakers are marginal.  I'm currently looking for a cheap external audio solution (e.g., higher-end self-powered computer speakers with an adapter to the RCA out jacks)This is a safe investment in a quality, solid TV - the cheaper TV models weren't "enough cheaper" to warrant taking the risk.  For a bedroom or small living room the SONY Bravia LCD 32" is simply unbeatable for the price.