I saw one of these at an electronics store and was impressed with how far the technology had come, as I'd been visiting the store and looking at the latest 40" 1080p Samsung LCDs for over a year.  This was the third model they put in that display slot in the time I had been keeping track.The TV was for my bedroom so I had been thinking a smaller 37" model would be more suitable, but I had never actually seen a 37" 1080p TV in a store.  As it turned out 40" was just about right, although a little bit wider than I would have hoped due to the built in speakers.  Maybe my eyesight isn't what it used to be, but sitting about six feet from this set I find that a 40" diagonal isn't too big.When I first saw this model at the store, and read about its new 120Hz refresh, I knew it was finally time to stop window shopping and buy my first 1080p television.  So I went online and found it at Amazon for about $500 less than what the store was charging, and I ordered.One of the first things that impressed me about the set was how well it handled regular low-definition television broadcasts.  Looking closely at the screen I've never see any of those squarish scaling artifacts that I've sometimes seen with other LCD TVs displaying an image at less than the native resolution.  So when I watch regular low-def TV channels I see only the image that was intended, and I see it as clearly as possible.Where this set really shines, however, is at 1080p, so shortly after buying it I got myself a Playstation 3, an HDMI cable, and a couple of blu-ray disks.  Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within and the BBC documentary Galapagos both look fantastic in 1080p.  This is beyond what was possible with any television I've ever owned before, including the 1366x768 Sony LCD I bought just a few years ago.The audio on this TV is perfectly good as far as my ears can tell, but I'm more of a visually oriented person, so I can imagine that some people might want to pair it with a set of 5.1 speakers for the ultimate high-definition theater.The remote is fine, and probably has more functions than I'll ever use.  Basically I just programmed the TV and customized its display mode when I first set it up, and I don't expect to mess with it too much in the future.  I find the favorite channel button useful for quickly returning to the channel that allows me to watch using my VCR and its tuner after channel surfing.The picture size button lets me choose zoom and aspect ratio.  I rarely have to touch this button as I keep it on 4:3 for regular TV and 16:9 when watching blu-rays or DVDs through the HDMI.  Occasionally a TV channel will show a program letter-boxed and then I sometimes zoom the picture to fill the screen, but that's the only time I've used it thus far.  I've seen other TVs that have a mode that expands a 4:3 picture to fill a 16:9 screen by stretching the edges of the picture so that the center does not become distorted.  I haven't found anything that fancy on this model, but I'm perfectly happy with the 4:3 mode for regular TV.As far as the 120Hz refresh that sold me on this product?  As far as I can tell it does exactly what it's supposed to and makes movement real smooth.  But I figure the human eye can barely distinguish events that occur within 1/60th of a second, so I imagine that the visual difference between a 60Hz refresh and a 120Hz refresh is actually fairly subtle.To sum up, this is by far the best and most capable television I've ever had.  I suspect that just about anyone who wants to watch either regular or high-definition content will be satisfied with it.