I own both a c6500 and this model, the c6300.  Generally there is a 2-4 hundred dollar price difference between the two models.  Although the spec sheets claim a difference of nearly a million in contrast ratios, no one who has seen both side by side can tell a difference in picture quality.  If there is a difference, it's too subtle to worry about.  The c6500 has Samsung and Yahoo apps.  However you can get nearly the same exact feature set by buying this 6300 and then purchasing a Samsung BD-c6500 blu-ray player.  The BD-c6500 doesn't have yahoo apps though so if you want/need amazon video on demand you're better off looking at the c6500.  Still if you can do without yahoo, you'll come out a few bucks ahead by going for the 6300 and the blu ray player, and of course you also end up with a nice blu ray player in the process.The other major difference between the two models is the stand and the frame.  The 6300 has a flat, black stand that, while utilitarian isn't that great aesthetically.  The 6500 has a 4 pronged silver stand that looks much more stylish.  If you plan to put the TV in an enclosure where the sides are hidden or obscured by cabinet walls then the 6300 is perfectly fine.  If you plan to use the TV on a simple table or stand, leaving the side of the TV exposed you may find the 6500 to be more stylish and elegant and worth the price premium.The 6300 has a black border but it's covered by a layer of thick, clear plastic.  It's possible for room lights to hit the clear plastic in a way that makes the black border appear like cheap, shiny plastic -- the kind you'd see on a $10.00 electronic item.  In a dim or dark room this isn't an issue and it's not an issue if your lights can be moved or adjusted to reduce the glare effect.  The 6500 has a brushed metallic border.  Again there's a layer of plastic but the 6500's metallic border sits on the outside.  There's no glare, and the frame is just much more appealing than the 6300.There's no difference in the sound quality between the two and it's decent enough sound for the most part although some digital sound systems used in movies (dolby I think) don't produce enough volume even at the max setting.  But for regular TV viewing it's loud enough.  The system will benefit greatly from a soundbar and subwoofer which are fairly cheap and practical.  However I would stay away from Samsung's soundbar which has the propensity to randomly decide to use a different input source once a week (regardless of whether the remote is in use at the time or not), this is a widely reported problem.Others have covered the brilliant picture in excruciating detail so I'll just leave this thought here: You will not be disappointed with the picture.So the final recommendation is this: Aesthetically the c6500 wins by a fairly large margin and the c6500 is probably worth the premium if it's going to be sitting alone on a stand or table.  The c6300 is probably the better choice if you're going to be putting the tv in a cabinet or a structure where the sides are not fully exposed.  Unless you need amazon video on demand there's no compelling reason to purchase a c6500 as you'll get everything but yahoo in the bd-c6500 blu ray player and still come out ahead in terms of price.  This aside there's no other real difference between the two units.That's pretty much it.  The only thing left is to remind you to pick up a few cheap HDMI cables here on Amazon.  You can get 3 or 4 for the price of ONE (their absolute cheapest) at the box electronic shops.  HDMI is a digital signal, the picture is either perfect or its not there at all; there is no in between and no gold plated, gas injected, turbo charged $100 cable is going to be able to provide a better picture than a $7.00 bargain bin special.  And that's something no floor salesman is ever going to tell you.