Greetings,I have owned this 58 inch TV for 5 weeks and have obsessed over every stage - the research, buying (price) and now settings and picture quality and 3d testing.  No television is perfect and this is important to realize as some reviews I have read seem to be searching for television nirvana.  I did isolate a bad pair of glasses (1/6) that would drop sync and Samsung was both fast and efficient in dealing with the issue today.The television is beautiful from its superficial appearance to substantive qualities.  I have compared to the VT25 series and they both have strengths.  To me, the c8000 beats the VT25 in accurate colors and grayscale, proper SD video processing and proper 1080p/24 playback.  These are more important to me than marginally better black levels (after admitted rise by Panasonic).  I place a high weighting on Cnet / D. Katzmaier opinion, review and testing methodology and that is the source for my last statement.The c8000 also adds nice features like a robust online IPTV platform that is always being updated.  Vudu HDX streams are unbelievable that such high quality video can stream seamlessly.  When I test bandwidth with the TV tool, it usually only reports 3-4 Mbps but I have never experienced a hiccup with HDX.  Netflix, on the other hand, often switches between its two best quality streams on HD movies.  Vudu beats Netflix HD hands down.The other interesting feature is 2D to 3D conversion.  It does work and work well to add depth of field.  I have experienced consistent positive results.  I was amazed to discover this feature also works with streaming IPTV content, e.g. Netflix, VUDU.  A nice touch.  It also will output from the TVs optical toslink output 5.1 dolby sound.  Keep in mind, 5.1 sound coming in to the TV through HDMI will not go out the TV optical jack as 5.1.  5.1 only comes from the TV optical output when using rabbit ears ($10 generic set is just as good as $100 amplified HD antennas IMHO.  It works for HD fine if you live in a metropolitan area), or when streaming IPTV like Vudu (Netflix only streams 5.1 from the PS3 platform currently).This is my first plasma and I replaced (moved to basement) a KDS55A3000 SXRD Sony.  The SXRD technology never got a fair shake because of the 12 depth of the cabinet.  At any rate, that TV is still on its original bulb and still beautiful.  This plasma obviously has much better viewing angle and deeper blacks.  The bars on a 2.35:1 film are inky black and actually more so than the 54 inch VT25 I saw at a relatives house playing Avatar.  Now, he does not have 100 hours on the set or has it calibrated yet (to be fair), but I saw some burn in and uneveness on a black screen.  Again, I assume it needs more time, but the VT burn in was obvious after just a couple of minutes which was surprising.  I have not seen even a hint of retention on the C8000 since the first day I turned it on.All in all, a beautiful TV and glad I purchased it.  I will update with any other observations over time.