I think you would be hard pressed to find a better value on a 55-60 inch tv than what Amazon is offering. If you are like me you have narrowed your search down to 2 or 3 TV's and you are trying to determine which one will be perfect for your needs. I hope this review will help you in determining whether this tv is right for you.Before I pulled the trigger on this TV I had a few main concerns that I was worried about.  *I was concerned about the Plasma Buzz that is normal for plasma TV's  *I was concerned about the glossy surface being too reflective of the 6 windows I have in my living room.  *I was concerned that the tv would not be bright enough for my circumstances since I don't have it in a darkened "theater" roomBUZZING:  I have read horror stories about people who buy plasma tv's and complain about a buzzing that emits from the TV and makes watching/enjoying movies difficult. I am happy to report that, while there is a buzzing that I can hear when sitting directly in front of my TV at viewing distance, I can ONLY hear it when there is no sound coming from the TV (like during TV startup or while navigating silent menus like Netflix). When I first got the TV I tried to listen for it during movies, and at times I could hear it if I tried really hard during quiet scenes. When I don't try to listen for the buzzing, It is not a factor. I compare the buzzing to the fan noise on my xbox. If you listen for it it does exist, but when enjoying a movie or a game, it wont distract you.GLOSSY SURFACE:  This TV went in our living room which has about 6 windows, and there are kitchen lights directly behind the seating area that reflect off the TV when the TV is turned off. When the TV is turned on, I have not noticed any problems. I do close the blinds on the windows though. Again, If I am looking for the reflections, I could probably distinguish them, but I have watched movies and played games in the middle of the day and I can't complain about the surface.BRIGHTNESS:  Typically, Plasmas are not as bright as new LCD's. This TV replaced a 3 yr old LCD and it seems brighter to me. I can't compare it to the new LED back-lit LCD's because I don't own one, but this tv is plenty bright to enjoy movies in even well-lit rooms. No complaints here.Okay, so those were my main concerns. Now for some of the things that got me interested in this TV in the first place: The color on this TV is so even and consistent across the screen. There is now light bleeding in on the corners or edges. The black levels are super dark and crisp. I haven't done any calibration yet and sometimes colors do seem a bit over-saturated but again I am sure this is something that can be fixed with calibration. Those over-saturated scenes haven't been severe enough or frequent enough to make it worth my time to calibrate.The size of this TV is awesome...if you have seen a 60" TV next to a 55" you know that that 5(in this case 4) inches makes a big difference. Oh and it is only about 1.5" deep. This depth was big for me as I wanted something thin but I didn't want the flashlighting and light bleeding that plagues LCD's.Things that didn't influence my decision much: 3D. I am not a huge 3D fan--I think it is neat and fun, but I prefer non-3D over 3D 95% of the time. If I really cared about 3D I personally would have gone with a Passive 3D set since you can get 10 pair of glasses for $20 compared to $40 each for the Samsung active shutter glasses. I did watch Tangled 3D and the glasses bundled with the starter kit were pretty good. I didn't notice any flickering or anything like that and the depth of the 3D was impressive. The 2D to 3D conversion on this set was pretty week as expected. Smart TV. This TV has wireless connectivity and I really like that it can receive firmware updates automatically and wirelessly. I haven't used the apps much since I use my xbox for netflix, but the menu accessing, and browsing apps is pretty good.I think I have rambled on long enough. I guess if I could emphasize one point it would be that all TV technologies have trade-offs. The Plasma technology has weaknesses and imperfections. It also has a lot of advantages and strengths over other technologies. I do play a decent amount of video games, so the strengths of the plasma for gaming out-weighed the weaknesses. Hope this review helps.