It's fundamental for passive 3D systems that you don't have full 1080p resolution.  In video reviews you can see the scan lines like analog TV when you don't wear the 3D glasses.  When you have the glasses on, each eyes see half of the scan lines, that is, 540p for each eye.  For active systems, full 1080p is available for both eyes.  Say a movie has 24 frames per second, an full 3D movie has 48, 24 for each eye.  Active glasses black out one eye when the other eye is watching a full 1080p frame.  Since 120 Hz refresh rate is the standard for HD 2D TV's, 240 Hz is required for active 3D systems.The other passive design tries to show each eye full 1080p resolution.  Instead of dropping half the information, the frame rate is doubled.  Each eye sees 540p as in the Vizio, but the frame rate is doubled.  The review I saw reported that there's some improvement over Vizio, but noted that in theory scan lines have to be in the wrong position half the time.  It could be better than without the wrong half I suppose.Blu-ray 3D movies are 2 x 1080p resolution, or you can say side-by-side 1080p.  For some distributions, there are ways to reduce the resolution to be backward compatible with 1080p.  If the format is Half Top-Bottom, it will fit the Vizio perfectly.  A normal frame is squeezed in height to 540p. The two stereo frames are stacked top to bottom into a 1080p frame.  But the more usual format is half side-by-side.  It make more sense to squeeze the wider dimension, but what you left after the Vizio is one quarter of the resolution, for each eye though.That doesn't mean that I don't recommend it.  You know that plasma has better contrast but LCD is becoming more popular.  It has to be the price.  And that I can lift the box myself, half insert it into the trunk of a compact, and drive home with the trunk open.  The picture is bright, the color is fine.  I like the 3D.  When displaying SD DVD, it's not as sharp as HD because the lines are doubled.  For 3D you can't get close to the screen and focus on a spot to see if there are enough pixels.  I don't feel that I'm watching a DVD.  Even half SBS are pretty good.  If you are worried you need to go the the show rooms to compare.One dimension is worth a lot more than the reduced resolution.  You don't feel like breathing taking when watching HD's, but you do with 3D.  Since the image changes with the position of your head.  It seems as if you can move sideways to see more what's behind an object.  The Vizio has wide watching angles and distance.  You don't worry losing the 3D effect if you don't have the best seat in the house.Dr. Hermann Snellen has a formula for good viewing distance (you see his chart in the eye doctors). For 42" and 47" TV the distance is 5 ft 6 in, and 6 ft 1 in respectively.  This is in line with the minimum viewing distance manufacturers recommend. If you have a room wider than 9ft, you need a 70" TV to feel that you are immersed in the action.  It doesn't mean that it's bad when you sit further away for a feet or two.  People have been happy with smaller analog TVs for so long.  But instead of getting a 70", I opted for a 42" and some high end camping chairs for anyone who want to sit right in front of the TV any time.If you have a high end plasma since not so long ago, you probably want to hold on for a while until more great movies are in 3D.  It's not bad for kids to have their own TV to play games and watch animated films.  And since the DVD rental business is still going strong, I would think this is a good one when you need to upgrade your TV.  Paying some extra for 3D and you can hold on to it for years to come, until they think of something new.I wrote the review to complain about the lack of quantitative reviews and head on reviews.  Then I found a good review at the discussion forum below.  The conclusion is that because of the way the brain combines a 3D image, you can read finer text with passive technology than active technology.  You can try that at home to see that 3D is not far behind than in the 2D mode.  And you can compare in the show rooms.  I feel so much better now.  But I am happy with the breath taking 3D all along.