The tv has many pros, but many cons. I've had it for year now and it's starting to get on my nervesThe remote is very small and you need to place the very tip of your fingernail exactly on each button, and press hard on each button for it to register.  But then the Alphabetic keypad is placed on the back surface of the remote, so I always end up accidentally pressing KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK or some other random letter 15 times and look up at the screen wondering what just happened.I wasn't that thrilled with the 3D glasses that came with the TV, but a simple trip to the local IMAX theatre to see a 3D movie fixed that, and now I have a few pairs for a movie night.  Turns out though, after a year of having this TV, I have only watched 4-5 3D movies.  It didn't end up being worth it. I think it would be more for someone who has children that could appreciate the 3D display. it has a great picture quality, much better than the samsung I have in the bedroom. I've seen some reviews about using it for gaming, I do not do that however, but for basketball and football season, the boys don't complain.the speakers are ok on their own, but recently I had it hooked up to surround sound for a much better quality sound.but my biggest problem with this tv, since day one has been the apps. i just ignored it at first because I never the tv that much when i lived alone, which was my own fault now I see. but then I moved in with my boyfriend and his roommate, a year later, they watch TV. But now my warranty is expired. The apps are incredibly slow.  It takes forever for the Vizio app page to open. Amazon is slow to open and change between pages when you are searching for something to watch.  I end up never using the Pandora app and use my computer or phone instead to listen to music.  Although the sound on the tv would be of much better quality, I just would rather not deal with the frustration.Netflix is by far the worst thing to watch on this tv. I'm cringing right now just thinking about it.  If i even get it to load, it is a miracle.  Usually the screen will come up with the message saying that it cannot connect to my wifi... when our roommate, who's room is further away from the router than the TV is, has excellent connectivity.  The Network Settings say that everything is working fine but Netflix still gives us grip.  We remove all the memory, try it again, and about the third time is when it usually freezes the TV completely.  I mean nothing works, not even the remotes or the buttons on the side of the TV.  At that point, we have to crawl underneath the tv stand to unplug it and plug it back in, in order to use it again.  I've been reading a ton of reviews online about this same model and it seems it is a very common problem.  One would think that Vizio would offer to fix it, since their troubleshooting on the website does nothing to fix it.I've also read that the remote seems to completely die after 1-2 years, which would make sense why mine seems to just stop working sometimes.  I would stay clear of this TV.  If you are looking for Smart/3D... this isn't the smartest choice.