It's only fair that I preface my review by admitting this is my first HD television.  Comparing it to the 32" SDTV I previously owned is...well...not realistic, or worthwhile.  And needless to say, I can't compare it against any HDTV I've owned previously.  However, I feel like I'm qualified enough to make a review based on a few things -- exhaustive research between LCD, LED and plasma, my experience with this particular tv, and hands-on experience with other HDTVs belonging to friends, family, and tv dealers.  I've had plenty of opportunity over the last few years, while biding my time, to hone in on what I wanted.  I've stood in front of countless HD displays at store level (and living rooms) comparing everything from picture and sound quality, price, and overall appearance.  I've read literally thousands of product reviews on Amazon, Cnet, and other sources.  Time and again, plasma tvs rated higher than their counterparts, this particular tv being no exception, and Samsung was the brand I came back to over and over.This television is absolutely amazing and surprisingly easy to set up.  I have mine on its stand atop a media cabinet in the living room and it looks beautiful.  It's a very well lit room with lots of windows and lamps and I haven't noticed any bothersome glare issues.  The set itself is very thin, light, and sleek.  The picture quality is hands down one of the best I've seen.  The blacks are very deep and the colors vivid.  I watch a lot of sports and action movies (DVD upconverter w/ HDMI is my config) and in my experience these can be challenging in HD if refresh rates are not good.  Not a problem with this television.  Even the fastest action is processed flawlessly.  I've had no negative experiences to speak of regarding picture quality with this set (light fluctuation, shuddering, pixelation, etc), or the annoying buzz that has been described with other sets.  There is barely the slightest hum with this set, but you literally need to be standing right next to it with the volume off to hear anything.  Speaking of volume, this set produces good, but not great, audio.  The sound is better than adequate though, and will only improve with if integrated with a receiver and surround system.  No audio complaints here.Regarding 3D, I did not purchase this set for 3D capability and cannot speak to how well it works.  I don't even have 3D glasses.  Maybe some day.  If 3D works as well as the rest of the set...it should be another great feature.  The Smart Hub is also a nice and I synched the television to my home wireless network flawlessly in about a minute.In short, you'd be making a wise move to purchase this set.  There are certain to be some cons with those more HD savvy and nuanced than myself, but this set absolutely blows me away!  It does what a tv is meant to do - provide visual entertainment - and does it as well or better than any HD set I've seen.  Bottom line - my experience with this set has been nothing but the best.  VERY happy with this purchase.