I purchased a Panasonic TC-P46ST30 as an upgrade from an older Panasonic TH-42PZ80U plasma unit.  I also own a Panasonic TH-42PX80U plasma unit.  I owned my TC-P46ST30 for less than one week before returning it.Improvements with the TC-P46ST30 over my older Pani plasmas include improved sharpness, an upgraded remote, a swiveling stand, stronger over-the-air digital tuner and a better settings menu.  Color consistency was better, without any sort of washed out look during very bright scenes.  Ghosting of bright objects moving over dark backgrounds was less noticeable.  The overscan and zoom settings are unchanged from the TH-42PZ80U, as was the speed when changing digital channels.  If there were any fans in the TC-P46ST30, they were silent.  The anti-reflective coating was just as good at keeping reflections down.The TC-P46ST30 also includes a new interpolation mode that converts 24/30 fps content to 48/60 fps, 2:3 telecine pulldown, USB inputs, a dual-band 802.11n WiFi USB dongle and interactive media apps.  I found that the interpolation mode would break during scene changes often enough that I eventually disabled it.  The WiFi dongle had no problems connecting to my 802.11g WPA2 AES+TKIP network and never dropped, even with a nearby microwave oven running.  The menu for the media apps was sluggish and many of the apps required subscriptions (the Hulu app refused to work without a Hulu Plus account).  The integrated media player could only access DLNA+UPnP network shares and not SMB shares, but did handle most of the media files I threw at it.Shortcomings with the TC-P46ST30 over my older Pani plasmas include fewer AV inputs (drops one component YPbPr input, one composite input and drops S-Video completely) and outputs (drops analog RCA audio out).  The integrated speakers are noticeably worse, with dialog being harder to understand and mid-range sounds being thin.  The brightness of the picture would sometimes change suddenly (see below) and the screen suffered from horrible glare (see below) that was so bad that the television was almost unwatchable for me.Digital SPDIF audio out is still limited to optical only - there is no coax SPDIF output.  The integrated tuner is still limited to a single coax input, so you can't mix OTA antenna with QAM cable or have two OTA antennas pointing to different cities.  The zoom choices for 4:3 channels still doesn't include a 14:9 letterbox zoom mode.I encountered the unsteady brightness issue that other reviewers have mentioned, but it seemed fairly mild.  I assume I had a unit that was shipped with a fixed firmware (which was further updated after I configured the WiFi).  I only noticed it a few times, and only because I was looking for it.  It mainly occurred with darker scenes.  It wasn't bad enough that I wouldn't recommend this plasma because of it.My biggest complaint is that the TC-P46ST30 uses very fast phosphors with only a 60Hz horizontal refresh rate.  While the fast phosphors help prevent ghosting, they come at the expense of very harsh flickering/glare.  I was getting mild headaches after 20 minutes and severe headaches after an hour.  My wife was bothered by it as well, although not as much as I was.  To me, it was bad enough that I'd recommend buyers spend a few minutes in front of an in-store demo to see if it bothers you (and is why I give this product two stars rather than four stars).  It was the sole reason I returned my unit.Final notes: I really, really wish they would have doubled the horizontal refresh rate to 120Hz with these new phosphors (like how some European PAL televisions double their refresh rate from 50Hz to 100Hz to eliminate flicker/glare).  I also would have liked one S-Video input (even if shared with the composite input), an extra antenna/cable input, better speakers and a non-optical audio output.