I just bought this TV a couple of weeks ago. The picture is pretty good but the audio is TERRIBLE.  The speakers are on the back so unless you're standing to the back of the TV or to the sides, you get a tiny, almost mono-like sound quality and you have to turn up the volume WAY up to hear anything.  Yes, I did try various settings on the TV, to no avail.  I don't understand how people can rave about the sound of this TV unless they connected it to some speakers or a soundbar.  If you did, please let us know specifically what brand/model of speakers or soundbar you are using and how you connected them because I had the worst experience doing that.  Read on:In desperation, I decided to buy the Philips CSS2123 Soundbar to try and improve the sound. I figured that by buying the same brand, I would avoid any connection problems.  What a mistake!1) This TV does NOT have digital optical audio output (the soundbar does have that).2) This TV does NOT have analog audio outputs connection either (confirmed by a Philips Audio technician).3) The only audio output this TV has is for Coaxial Digital Audio.4) This TV does NOT have the option to change the audio to "PCM" or "Standard" as it required for the Philips sound bar to work.  It only has its default Dolby Digital setting.5) Connecting the soundbar to the TV with a coaxial digital cable may or may not work. I didn't even bother trying because:  a) the Dolby Digital might cause the soundbar to hum loudly while playing the audio (according to various Philips sources, including the Philips Audio technician)  b) I watch over the air TV (I don't have cable so I don't have the option to connect the soundbar to a cable box or anything) and was told by Philips Audio technician that some over the air stations only broadcast in Dolby Digital so I would NOT getting audio on those channels at all (though the soundbar).So in the end, this 2011 Philips TV will not work with a 2012 Philips soundbar.  How does this even make any business sense?I am returning the soundbar and will probably return the TV too. I didn't buy them through Amazon but since most people come here to check the reviews, I figured I'd put in my 2 cents and try to spare the same experience to someone else.Another note about the TV is that the MediaConnect option was useless for me.  I could NOT play any videos from my external GoFlex drive on the TV, HD or standard.  The connection would drop automatically. I COULD look at my pictures though.  Similarly, I could NOT watch any videos playing from our computer on the TV over the Wi-fi.  This is a problem since my husband specifically picked this TV so he could watch his online sports events on the larger TV via Wi-Fi.The NetTV option is also useless for us because we do have a Roku 2 XD to stream Netflix, Pandora, and others.  I guess it's useful if you don't have such a device.EDITED TO ADD:  a few hours later... thanks to Roberto at my local Target who told me on plain terms that the only soundbar that will work with my TV is one that plays Dolby Digital (since that is the only audio setting for the TV) and that I would have to use the Coaxial Digital Audio cables (which they sell, Amazon also sells them).  I ended up going to Best Buy and picking up a Yamaha YAS101BL Soundbar.  It's more than double the price of the Philips, but guess what?! It works with this TV! It even lets the TV remote "learn" the operation of the soundbar so I can control the sound with the TV remote and it turns on/off when I turn the TV on and off. I don't anticipate using the separate remote much.  The only "glitch", which is a Philips problem, is that if I use the TV remote to control the sound, there is a message that appears on the bottom 1/4 of the screen for a couple of seconds warning me that the speakers are set to "off". Well, duh, it's supposed to since I have a soundbar connected!  Best best didn't have the coaxial digital audio cable so I went back to Target to get it.So I'm still not happy that I had to buy a soundbar to get a decent sound from this TV, not happy that I couldn'tuse the Philips soundbar, not happy that there aren't any warnings anywhere on the Philips website or documentation for the TV or the soundbar, but at least I didn't have to return the TV, which would have been a PITA.