I did not buy this tv (LN46a650) through Amazon, so I can't comment on the delivery through Amazon, but I did just receive this tv last Friday so I can comment on the quality/features of it.  Here's my setup and what I use it for:-HD Cable via HDMI through Comcast.-PS3 via HDMI.-Xbox 360 via component.-Wii via component.-2 floor standing front speakers with an older receiver using digital optical cables for all previously noted sources (8 year old receiver).I had previously had a 30 inch, 3 year old, 1080i CRT Samsung and upgraded to this model.  I sit about 7.5 feet from the screen.  On my previous set I had HD Cable via component, and on this new set HD cable reception is very good.  I had already experienced HD on a decent set, so I wasn't blown away by it, but it was everything I had expected.  I expected perfection and that's what I got.  No overscan, clear, bright, and detailed picture.  No complaints and great quality.  I watched the Super Bowl on it and I didn't notice any motion blur at all.  Lots of options for tweeking the picture settings.  I'm getting professional calibration in about a month, so I'm going to assume the picture will be even better, but out of the box the settings are quite nice and I'm pleased.While I wasn't "blown away" by HD Cable, I was blown away by Blu-ray discs on this tv.  Whether it's the 1080p, or the set itself, or a combination of both, I don't know, but what I do know is that movies like The Nightmare before Christmas, Big Fish, and Wall-E, look outstanding (the 3 BRs I have).  Almost 3D at times (often, multiple, multiple times through the movie!!).  You can see all the details and clarity in the picture.  It's almost memorizing.  I'm a new big fan of Blu-ray!!Gaming on this set is nice.  It's a decent upgrade in size for me, and gaming is very, very decent.  It's big enough, bright enough, and I have yet to notice any lag input with my games (via HDMI2/PC and game mode on the component connections).  So gaming is good and just what I expected it to be.The only cons of this set would be SD cable kind of looks crappy.  It crops the picture on the sides, and of course the clarity isn't that of HD.  Nothing I really didn't expect, and of course the picture is more than watchable.  The sound on the tv I can't comment on as I have it hooked up to my stereo speakers.  If I had room (and the money) for additional surround sound pieces, I would pick them up, but at this time, I'm more than satisfied with the sound through my stereo speakers.  I have no clue why lots of people complain about the remote.  It's no modern marvel of technology, but it's simply a remote.  Easy to use and responsive.The ToC bezel is a non issue.  I don't notice it unless I look for it.  The same can be said about the reflective screen.  My room has a ton of light in it during the day and the tv looks great.  Of course look for reflection in any tv during a black screen, and I think you'll be able to see it.  All in all, with all of the HDMI ports, 2 components, and various other connection options, this tv is just as great as everyone says.  There's no reason not to get it.It's a great modern LCD that's definitely worth the money.  I don't see any other tv in this price range, with the features it has, this size, backed by a quality name like Samsung, and with as many positive reviews comparing to this set.  Coming from someone that is fairly specific about the quality of his tv and did his homework for 3 plus months on this very set, pick up this tv.  As hundreds of others have said, you won't regret it.