My requirements for an HDTV were modest. I did not want to spend more than $300, I would be happy with 720p and I wanted to make sure the TV had at least 2 HDMI ports and audio out for external speakers.As I began researching I found this Philips 32" HDTV as a refurb. I'd had good experiences in the past purchasing refurbished electronics so I decided to take a chance on the Philips HDTV refurb.As soon as I opened the box I was beginning to have second thoughts. The paper manual was in rough shape as if it had been handled previously (perhaps by a previous owner which is why the unit was refurbished???)The remote control felt very light and flimsy in the hand. No batteries were included which is not a big deal but I'm just relaying my experience. The TV Stand was already attached to the TV but it did not swivel or tilt at all.The bezel had a protective plastic film over it but when I removed the film the plastic was marked up pretty badly and was very noticeable... it detracted from the appearance of the TV.Most disturbing was the stuck pixel just about smack dab in the middle of the screen. It was such a bright and pointed light when viewing a dark background that I found it extremely obnoxious and that alone was reason enough to return the TV.Before returning the set I did go through the entire setup process. It was easy to select the language, choose antenna or cable then choose auto to discover analog and digital channels. Once it was ready to go I observed the quality of picture on both Analog, Digital and from DVD and was not overly impressed. There was a lot of blooming with some colors. I realize this is 720p but I did notice pixelation and an overall lack of sharpness in the image.Audio was not great either. Sufficient but not great. The speakers are not forward positioned so the sound is not directional towards you but sort of bounces out from underneath and behind the TV.I was expecting better in light of the mostly positive reviews of the TV from other users. Even if the LCD screen had not had the defective pixel, I still would not rate this TV very well as the screen sharpness was not great, although the viewing angle was quite good compared to other low-end HDTV's I'd seen. And screen brightness was pretty good. But my overall sense was not overly positive and the sound was not very good, certainly not nearly as good as the HDTV I ultimately bought, the Vizio E321VL 32-Inch 720p LCD HDTV - Black. The Vizio is superior in every way compared to the Philips. Of course, it does cost a bit more, but in my opinion the quality far surpasses that of the Philips. Build quality, sound quality, speed of switching channels and even the remote is more substantial feeling.The Philips refurb was very disappointing. I recognize that I might have just received a "lemon" but in my experience with this TV I cannot recommend it.