I am writing this review PRIOR to buying this unit. Based on my research thus far, I'll give it a 5 star rating if/when Samsung takes care of their audio issues and I buy the unit instead of the Sony or Aquos/Sharp. Am seriously considering to buy 2 actually...BUT I've read on the Amazon LNT3253H forum having 21 RECENT comments on audio problems with that model!!! I see now that there is an audio prob on one comment here with the 40" and reference made in the 50" product as well. I'm going to cut and paste a comment from the 3253 forum that seems to point to a problem with this generation of Samsung LCD HD units. This comment out of all of them seems to point to THE FIX by the Samsung service techs needing to swap out the main electronics board that includes the sound card...read on: In reply to an earlier post on May 23, 2007 7:26 PM PDT Andrew Chabak says:I had the same problem: as directed by Samsung I replaced the Comcast cable box, and then even replaced the HDMI cable. The problem remained. I contacted Samsung again, and they sent a Samsung repairman. He then replaced the main board which contains the sound card. Now it works correctly...no sound dropout! Also, I was told by the repairman, that this is a newer version of the board, and this problem has been fixed by him in the past. Call Samsung and ask for someone to come by and fix it. They have some bad boards in these. - Further comment by me: I see in the 3253 forum that there is reference made to other firmware or software updates/fixes being developed...yet those customers that have applied them still have the problem but at a lesser level of occurrence. I'll be calling Samsung tomorrow to see if they want my business .... and will judge how serious they are about tackling the issue that exists. Remembering that there is only a 30day return policy and 1yr warranty. I don't want a temporary bandaid that doesn't hit the actual root cause in longer term use after the warranty has run out. Let's keep them HONEST!!!UPDATE - 6/10/07: Ok I've received an email from Samsung. I've replied back asking what they would do if the main board/audio card fails from audio issues after the 1yr warranty expires. Who pays? Read on:Samsung says: We are aware of the issue with the television and audio problems.  We have a fix that can be applied on with a thumb drive provided if needed.  In some cases if the drive is not successful we do swap out components.  Hope this helps.If there is anything else you would like assistance with, please feel free to write us any time. Additionally, if you would like live technical support, you can also contact us at 1-800-SAMSUNG (1-800-726-7864).Mark says: I'm chasing a prob with your 3253 and 4053 platforms that seem to have intermittent audio probs. I want to know about the thumb drive firmware updates AND the main board and sound card hardware swapout programs. I'm seriously considering buying 2 40' and one 32' units...but do not want to have to deal with your audio problems on new sets. I've talked to a number of consumers and retail outlets about this but before I spend my money....I want to hear Samsung's official proposal and commitment as to how they are going to handle this in the most efficient way for me as a new customer of 3 new LCD HD tvs? Please email and call me about your repair policy. I'm unwilling to chance that this might only come up in the first year of your warranty period on a new set. And I don't think I should have to buy an extended warranty for what appears to be a factory design flaw to begin with????? Mark Vreeland 801-787-4040