Fluctuating Brightness:Most will agree that the picture on this set is fantastic except for the fluctuating brightness problem. Panasonic North America has created a patch for this issue. If you own a set that has this problem, contact Panasonic and let them know that you see "fluctuating brightness" on various content. They make sure you have the latest firmware updates, and that CATS is off, and then will document your settings. Once you let them know that you still see fluctuating brightness they will schedule a technician visit to replace your A-Board or flash your TV with an SD Card (new A-Board is the most likely). The new A-Board/SD Card flash will fix the fluctuating brightness. I received it this weekend and all scenes that exhibited the problem before are now working as they should. Bravo to Panasonic NA for addressing the issue.Image Quality:The picture quality on this panel is amazing. Black levels are deep, colors are lifelike/realistic and still vibrant at the same time, whites are white, movement is fluid for sports and video games (no input lag at all for video games). Keep in mind, the TV can only produce an amazing picture as long as you provide it great content (blu-ray, and HD cable/satellite to a lesser degree), so don't feed it junk (SD content).3D:The 3D quality is exceptional. The depth you will experience makes for some exciting experiences. I initially wrote 3D off as a gimmick, but you realize the fun you can have once you pick up some high quality 3D content. While watching 3D movies occasional crosstalk/ghosting is noticeable in some scenes when a bright image is in front of dark backgrounds; this is usually sporadic and many other sets will show the same ghosting...just the nature of the 3D beast right now. Overall the 3D is fantastic. Out of the 3D movies I own, here is the order I rank them: Avatar, Tangled, Rio, Tron Legacy, Ice Age 3. Many more 3D movies are coming out so it's a great time to give 3D a try. I have only played a few 3D games such as Wipeout, Stardust, Black Ops, and Uncharted 3 Beta. So far Wipeout wins, Uncharted 3 and Stardust were pretty good, but Black Ops was lame in my opinion. As time goes on I would imagine the quality of 3D gaming increases.Settings:First of all, hire a professional calibrator (not Best Buy) to get the most accurate settings. However, since many individuals don't want to spend extra money for a calibration, search for D-Nice's settings in Google for some great/accurate Custom settings that don't involve extensive work (I won't publish his settings here). I've also found that Cinema provides a very nice picture, and here are the settings I use (note that each set will vary):Picture Settings:Picture Mode: CinemaContrast: 92Brightness: 55Color: 56Tint: -1Sharpness: 0Color Temp: Warm 2C.A.T.S.: OffVideo NR: OffAspect Adjustments Settings:Screen Format: FullHD Size: Size 2 (occasionally Size 1 depending on what I'm watching)HDMI Settings:Leave on defaultAdvanced Picture:Block NR: OffMosquito NR: OffMotion Smoother: OffBlack Level: Light3:2 Pulldown: On24p Direct in: 60HzFor 3D, I use the same settings above, but increase Contrast to 100, and sharpness to 50.I gathered these settings with the Disney WOW blu-ray optimizer. If you haven't heard of that disc, I highly recommend you research it and think about purchasing it because it comes with some great tips/explanations, a pixel flipper (I'll talk about that in a second), and a visual reference disc that has videos of some great scenery.Issues:As with all plasmas, you will notice some line-bleed in various content. The line-bleed will seem enhanced because of the large size of the TV, but there is nothing you can do about it. Ultimately, it will not negatively affect your TV viewing. One issue many people freak out about is image retention and/or burn in. As you will find in many knowledgeable discussions of plasma TVs, burn in is extremely unlikely in this day and age. Sure, it is possible to ruin your TV if you never vary your content, but it takes some effort. To be extra cautious, make sure to take it easy in the first 100 hours. I personally don't lower my contrast and brightness settings, but many people do. I just make sure to switch content up once in a while, try to watch fullscreen content without logos, and limit time playing video games. Once the TV has aged a bit, you can use it as normal. Be careful not to ONLY watch stations 24/7 with a fixed logo, or scoreboard (ESPN), and don't ONLY play the same video game for numerous days in a row without switching up the content. This doesn't mean you can't play video games for a long time, or watch ESPN for a while, it just means be cautious and smart. Sure, after some long game sessions you may see the HUD, or the scoreboard after watching some sports, but it will go away after some time. One thing I mentioned earlier was a pixel flipper on the Disney WOW disc. It provides a constantly moving static signal that exercises each pixel on your screen to specifically combat image retention; it's a pretty cool feature that I highly recommend. Overall, as time goes on and your TV gets older it will more or less build up an immunity to image retention. So far, I watch movies and play video games heavily on the 65ST30 and have not noticed any image retention at all.If you want to research more about this TV, or any TVs, check out [...]. I learned a lot from this forum.