I decided about a month ago to upgrade my HDTV.  I had a Sony 50" 1080p SXRD rear-projection TV.  Great TV.  It has served me well for about 4 1/2 years.  I decided though that I wanted a 60" or larger flat panel tv so I started the research.  First off anything 60" or larger I soon realized was going to run me 2000 dollars or up.  I at first wanted an LED/LCD tv but after a lot of research, reading reviews, comparing the pictures in local stores, and speaking with friends/family who own plasmas, I decided on the plasma.  To me the Plasmas offered a better picture and a better value than LED.  I also got sole on Samsungs after viewing them in store.  I did like that Panasonic Viera as well, but it was almost a grand more expensive than the comparative Samsung. So I ordered the pn63c7000 from Amazon.It arrived within a week, actually 6 days, from when I ordered it.  The Shipping company, home direct, called me a couple days before and arranged a time to deliver.  We settled on 9am to 1pm and they arrived at my house at 9:12 am.  Very nice.  They loaded it in the house and unboxed it so I could check it over good for damages.  Everything looked great.  I let it sit in the house to get to room temperature and after about 6 hours of that, I hooked it all up to my directv and 3d bluray player and turned it on.Very simple set up, the tv works very well with the 3d bluray player.  The picture simply blew me away. I had high expectations for it after viewing it at a local HHgregg, and my expectations were met and exceeded.  We were watching something on HBOHD, which is only 1080i and the picture was so large and clear it looked like we were in the same room with the actors.  Awesome.I have heard no buzzing sound that others have spoke of.  I have tried to listen for it and have not heard anything.  The TV is a bit heavy, about 100 pounds, but not a problem for 2 people to lift into place.  I do have some ambient light in the room I have it in, but I don't get any annoying glare or anything.  I am doing a 100 hour break-in for it, playing nothing but full screen HD content from directv, no gaming, 3d watching, bluray movies, etc.  I'm also being sure to not to watch anything with bars (at top or bottom) during this break-in period.  From the research I did, if a proper break-in period is done, the issues of IR and burn in are minimal.  The TV does have some built in features to keep IR and burn-in from happening, but only time will tell though.About the only criticism I have of the TV is the sound, it isn't the best, but I can hear it just fine and don't have any issues with it, although I do plan on setting up a soundbar or surround system to it.Overall I am, so far, very pleased with this TV, it has the best picture of any tv I've ever looked at in person and is plenty big enough for the room I have it in now (I sit about 15 feet from the TV).  For anyone considering a 60"+ TV for under 3k, this is the one to get.