I was skeptical about buying a TV over the Internet, but went ahead and took my chances. Mine was sold by Amazon and shipped by Eagle services. I tracked the Eagle shipment and noticed it had arrived at the airport in the city which I work on a Friday evening around 4:30. I called and asked them if I could come by and pick-up the TV since I knew it would be Monday (or later) before they delivered it to my house 60 miles away. They said, no problem. So, I went to the airport and got my TV from the Eagle hub. This is where I took another chance. Amazon's White Glove service brings the TV into your house, unpacks and verifies that it works. With me picking up the TV from Eagle, I forfeited that insurance. After inspecting the box and noticing that it was in perfect condition, I decided to bring it home. No problems since the TV works flawlessly.The TV was easy to setup, including mounting the base. The main reason I bought this TV is because our entertainment center is 36" wide. This is the largest LCD that I could find which was less than 36" wide. It fits perfectly.I'm using the TV for Directv HD/SD and air/antenna HD. Off air, widescreen, HD video and sound are fantastic. I've ready complaints that you can't stretch HD pictures in 4:3 (box) format. This is true on a Toshiba I own, so apparently this is common.Pros:*Nice bright, crisp picture on HD broadcasts. SD stations are fuzzy, but  that is common on HDTV's.*Lots of inputs*Remote is well designed (and lonnng)*plenty of setup/configuration options.*Manual appears to be well written but I never used it since the TV is that easy to figure out on your own.Cons:*Changing air/antenna channels is a "little" slow but I can live with it since I seldom watch more than one air channel at a time. If you are on a dish, changing channels is as fast as your satellite receiver can change. Tuners have been around for decades. Surely Sharp could have done better in this area.*SD channels don't look as good as they do on our Toshiba Regza 32", but I think this has to do with the extra screen width. The larger the TV, the worse SD channels will appear.*Our Toshiba has better sound, I think, but the Sharp is not bad at all. I hooked up an old set of Logitech Z-2300 speakers to the TV and now it sounds much better.*The HDMI inputs are in a weird location, at a right angle which is not easy to get to. Make sure you get an HDMI cable of sufficient length just in case you have to move the TV out of its spot. Being at a right angle, the HDMI cable connector will bend, destroying the cable and possibly damaging the HDMI port on the TV.Rating: Minus one star for the issues mentioned. Other than that, kudos to Amazon for shipping (free) the day after I ordered and to Eagle for a safe, four day trip to my local hub.