This is a great television, especially in a room with lots of windows and light.  The matte finish screen simply does not reflect any clear images of the windows it faces, and any light reflection is so blurry that it does not appear to affect the picture at all.  The crispness of the HD picture surpasses everything I've seen in this price range, even at a relatively low backlight setting of 4 (out of 10). The possible viewing angle is so wide that you can actually sit at about 70 degrees off center and still see everything well.  (I find that you can indeed see the image even at about 80-85 degrees, but the color appears a bit off). The only problem I have had is that the remote doesn't fully interface with our (non-Samsung) DVD player.  I can do the basics -- play, stop, menu, on/off -- but it will not pause, reverse, or fast forward. Trying different codes did not help, but I admit that I gave up trying after the first 40 or so had no effect (and the code specified in the book gave me the limited functioning described above). This hasn't been a big issue for me as I simply use my DVD player remote instead.  After all, I wasn't buying the TV for its remote.I was also extremely happy with the Eagle delivery and purchase through Amazon. I had originally bought this same model through a relatively well regarded webvendor with solid reviews from CNET and others who proceeded to jerk me around and ultimately sent me the wrong television.  After about a month of "it's in the mail" and "we didn't get your email" and "you need to talk to X, who is off today" and "we sent it three days ago, I don't know what happened" I finally gave up and ordered from Amazon.  I ordered on Friday, the delivery was arranged on Monday, and the TV arrived on Tuesday. The Eagle delivery man helped me unpack it and waited until we had confirmed that it was working properly before leaving.  In the meantime, I am still waiting for the other vendor to refund my credit card.  For the past week it's been "I thought that was already done," "I promise to take care of it today," "I'm sorry but I waited too late on Friday before sending that so it didn't get processed until Monday," "The problem must be with your credit card company, because I'm sure we've sent the request in by now," "No, you can't talk directly to our billing agents because they don't take outside calls," and "Give me a few days to look into this and see if I can figure out what's wrong."  Like Amazon they've been polite on the phone.  Unlike Amazon they've been unable to deliver the product as promised.Bottom line: If you want a great 1080p 40" with matte finished screen at this price, this is the best option I've found (and I looked for about four months).  The Samsung 4065 has even higher resolution and is also a deal, but it has the glossy screen that reflects more light so it was not a good option for me.  Finally, if you want to get it fast and for nearly the best price, get it from Amazon.