The setup was fairly quick and intuitive, the longest part was the channel scan and the parts that wanted me to type something.  I almost took off a star since the remote I received did not have the keyboard on the back of the remote, but I checked the listing first and the only mention of said keyboard was in a user review of the 42' model.  I guess the 32 comes without it, which was disappointing, but really you only have to use the onscreen keyboard to enter a few things during setup and if you ever do any searching on an app so it's not such a big deal.I did have a problem during setup where it wasn't asking me for logins for netflix or amazon instant video so wouldn't run them.  A quick live chat on Vizio's website pointed me in the right direction though and the fix was as simple as letting it reset to factory settings once.  Of course that meant I needed to run the initial setup again which was mildly annoying, but to be honest I was more annoyed at myself for not trying something so simple before running to tech support.I have the tv connected directly to my incoming cable line without any type of cable box and it found all the channels I get through the cable box in another room and then some.  The picture quality with the standard def channels was perfect when displayed at original size, and only showed a little bit of noise when stretched to full screen.  HD content is outright gorgeous and I can find nothing to complain about there.  Granted this is my first lcd tv of any type but I am more than happy with the quality.The wifi connected easily to my home network and gets great speeds.  And the apps work wonderfully.  Streamed in HD from my Amazon Instant library flawlessly.  Played netflix without a hitch.  I had been disappointed when reading reviews that it said this tv wouldn't play video files from usb drives as that would have been nice.  After actually hooking up the tv however, I have found that would have been a useless feature since this television does something far far better.  It can see DLNA shares so if a video shows in your windows media player video library and you have media sharing enabled this tv can browse files shared over the network and play them directly from your computer.  No need to copy to a usb stick first.  So far I have played mp4, xvid, mov, and wmv files this way and all have worked fine.  It doesn't see mkv's so those would require conversion first.The 3d was another feature I was very excited about and expected to have to wait to try as I don't yet have a blu-ray player or any 3d movies on disk.  I found a quick and easy way to at least see the effect in action though and was VERY impressed.  I installed a youtube downloader plugin and then searched for 3d videos on youtube.  I ended up saving several movie trailers and a few demo videos into a folder on my computer which I then added to my video library and loaded media player so it would update the shared files.  After that they showed up when browsing from the tv and played perfectly in 3d.  There were a few that started playing as two side by side images but simply opening the menu, highlighting 3d and toggling it off then back on started displaying correctly in 3d.  Some clips were better than others, but keeping in mind these were downloads from youtube they were far better than I had expected.  With a well done file the 3d was great and I have no complaints at all.  Now I can't wait to get a 3d blu-ray player and start getting some movies to play with it.Update 8/4/12:  I've had the tv for two weeks now and wanted to update my review just a little bit.  I found out that the television actually does play videos just fine from usb disks.  I have personally used standard thumb drives, microsd cards via a usb adapter, and even my android phone connected via usb and told to connect as mass storage.  In all cases the tv can browse and display photos, play music, and even play video files.I also discovered both an easier way to do searching in the tv's built in youtube app without using the slow onscreen keyboard, and a real use for QR codes. The youtube app has the ability to pair with a mobile device, and when you select this option it shows a QR code on the screen.  Simply scan that code with your phone and it loads up the mobile youtube site and works as expected, with the one difference that when you find a video you want to watch, clicking it starts playback on the television instead of your phone's screen.