I purchased this TV due to the attractive price ($1399) considering it is the 2nd highest end TV Sony offers. It arrived in a questionable state (dirty and somewhat nicked box), but the packaging makes was good and the panel didn't appear damaged.Turned off, the TV looked nice with the only complaint is that the stand felt flimsy and the TV tilted to one side. I was able to tighten the screws A LOT and this was no longer an issue. The TV is very thin and does not weight much. I noticed the front glass is kind of wavy, but this isn't noticeable other than looking from the side.Issue 1 - Clouding:  Immediately when I turned on the TV I noticed two white triangles in the bottom corners during any picture that had dark sides and a bright center. This was most apparent when there was white text on a black background (like movie credits, which seemed "glowing"). After doing research and tinkering with the settings, I found I could not get rid of this problem which is called "clouding." Clouding is common with all edge-lit LED LCD TVs and is based on the panel manufacturing process. Some panels have it worse and some have it better. Doing some research, I found some have exchanged this TV many times till they got a near perfect panel. I did not want to deal with this and the white corners were too distracting for me.Issue 2 - Crease(s): On the left side (1/4 from the center) of my TV I noticed that there is a darker line about half way up the panel. This was most noticeable when viewing a solid blue picture and somewhat always noticeable during all content (if you look for it). I did research to find that this is called a "crease" and is common in Sony LED LCD, including its highest end model, the HX929. Further examination showed the panel had many of these, but only the one was most noticeable. Caution to all! If you start looking for these, you will find them and they will bother you! If you like LED LCD, I recommend you DO NOT look for these!Issue 3 - Disappointing 3D: Before purchase, I read and was recommended that Sony offer the best 3D compared to LG, Samsung, and Panasonic and this was one of the reasons I wanted the Sony. When I first tested the 3D, I immediately noticed a lot of "cross-talk" (double vision). I researched to find that Sony offers attachments to their glasses to reduce this. (see this link for more info:[...]). There is Sony support KB that claims they will send you the attachment for free and provide a number to call. I called and had to speak to someone who could hardly understand English and had no idea what they were talking about. I called again and got someone else who, after about 2 hours found what I was talking about and assured me that I would receive the attachment in 3-5 business days...that was 3 weeks ago and I never got anything. 3D overall isn't bad on this TV, but there is a lot of cross-talk, so be warned.Issue 4 - Blinking-off: At first, I thought I was imagining that the TV was blinking off randomly for a split second, but after using it more, it became apparent. Not much else to say here.Issue 5 - Slow Performance: This TV has A LOT of lag that is obvious when using the remote control and less obvious in gaming. While this seems minor, it really has a profound impact on user experience, making the TV seem worse.Issue 6 - Useless\clunky Features: I found that in order to get the best picture quality, I had to turn off all the marketed gimmicks (smooth motion etc). It has a camera in the front that detects when something is 1 meter away and an annoying warning pops up (this can be turned off). The interface is not very intuitive and poorly designed.On a positive note: Overall, 2D picture quality is great and this gives the TV a lot of value. You can't do better with $1400 if you're looking for picture quality to price ratio to size for the 46 inch.If you found my above helpful, LED LCD may not be for you and you should consider plasma, which is the critic's choice now-a-days. I replaced this with a Panasonic Plasma and am relieved.