I want to add my review to all the laudatory reviews so far, admitting that I have been a Sony fan for many years and generally tend to prefer their television products to other manufacturers. The one exception, a 35" RCA tube set purchased in 1995 and a fine tv, was replaced by the XBR4.This was my first foray into HD. I first went to the brick and mortar stores to compare them in person (I recommend doing this even if you end up buying on line.) I was mainly interested in comparing the Sony with the Sharp Aquos, which a friend had told me was comparable in picture quality but lower in price. It could be my bias, but there was no comparison, the Sony looked much better to me. The blacks were deeper and overall, I thought the color representations on the Sony were richer and truer than on the Sharp Aquos (and comparable Samsung models). Standing in front of the two sets, my eyes were naturally drawn to the Sony picture. I did not compare plasma sets because my gut feeling is that the market is going to LCDs now (much like VHS eventually won over betamax, ironically, Sony's standard).With that decision made, I ordered on line about a month ago after continued reading of technical reviews. The main issue was whether to buy an XBR3 at a lower price versus the newer XBR4. The deciding factor was the reports of clouding or "mura" in the corners of some XBR3 models and that the XBR4 had reportedly fixed this problem. Spending this much money on a set, I wanted the optimum picture quality and especially good quality for watching Bears and ND football games! So the decision was to spend the extra few hundred and get the XBR4, although my understanding is that these problems with the XBR3 may have been worked out by now.The set arrived in splendid condition. I am a fan of the hi tech look and aesthetically, this is a beauty with the floating glass surrounding the black matte bevel adding a nice touch. To my surprise, the set fit in the same space occupied by the RCA tube set and was much lighter to lift and position. I even like the small Sony logo that gently lights up at the bottom of the set (you can turn this off in the settings menu if you want.) The jacks in the back are well labeled and easy to connect to the various input devices you might have. You will be most concerned with the HDMI inputs but legacy devices such as VHS and older DVD players also connect easily.But note that purchasing the set is just the beginning of your expenses to convert to HD: You will need to shell out at least $75 more for an HDMI cable to connect the tv to your cable box. If, like me, you are also a Directv customer, you will pay another $300 for their HR21 HD receiver (no other choices available), $100 or so for the installer to put in a multi-switch and recable your dish (unless you can do this yourself), and a monthly upcharge for the HD signal. Altogether, add another $500 to the cost of the set to fully convert to HD if you have not been receiving HD prior to this.Once done, the change is amazing and worth it. Hooked to an old receiver prior to installing the HD receiver, the picture was only average and even a little grainier when I applied the "stretch" feature as opposed to cropping the image. I even noticed what looked like clouding around the picture edges. However, these problems disappear once you have an HD receiver installed. Even the stations in regular broadcast are clearer and the HD channels are so vivid, they almost look hyper-real; you actually feel like you are at the game. It is even a pleasure sitting and watching shows you have seen before on regular sets in HD to see all the details you missed; I rewatched the entire past season of Top Chef just to marvel at how pretty Padma Lakshmi really is in HD!I agree with others that you should change from the default Vivid mode, which is garish and too bright, to Cinema or Standard right away and then explore the many other tweaks you can make (Sony lets you separately adjust the settings for each input so you can have one set of settings for your cable box, another for your DVD player, etc.). However, once I switched to Cinema mode, I left the other settings at default and have been quite happy with these.The set does hiccup a bit (or perhaps this is the Directv receiver) when switching from HD stations to regular broadcast stations and vice versa, but this is nothing too alarming and will be less of an issue when more stations come on line in HD; right now, many of my favorite stations are in HD on Directv with more planned for next year. I am also trying to figure out how the settings on the XBR4 interact with the settings on the DVR (for example, picture size); this will take some time and has not been a hindrance thus far.In sum, for other long time Sony fans thinking about going HD, this is the set you want, very highly recommended and a nice Christmas present for you and the whole family. (I believe the XBR5 is exactly the same as the XBR4 save for allowing you to change the color of the bezel from black to something else.) For those not yet Sony fans, this set will convert you.