Pros:1.  Vivid and very clear picture, especially with native 1080P content.  The Smart Dimming (active LED zone dimming) feature does make a subtle improvement to the picture, so I recommend leaving it on.2.  Smart TV dock with common applications such as Amazon Instant Video, NetFlix, Hulu Plus, and more.  Also may be customized.3.  WiFi and Ethernet connectivity.  Ethernet is the preferred way since WiFi can be unreliable.4.  Nearly borderless.5.  3 HDMI connections and a whole host of analog connections.  Digital audio out (optical).6.  120 Hz.  I have not noticed significant judder.7.  Almost effortless picture tweaking by selecting "Calibrated" mode.  This produces the best and most natural picture for a well-lit room without over-blowing the colors.8.  Blacks are very deep, and much better than my older 42" CCFL backlit Vizio TV.9.  Remote is very nice and feels sturdy.  Buttons are on the small side, however.Cons:1.  Picture is not going to rival a $1,500 Sony or Samsung, but the picture is still very good.2.  Viewing angles are OK for this set, but don't expect to get too far from front and center.  Washout of the colors will occur starting at more than 20 degrees from head-on horizontally, and about 40 degrees vertically.3.  No ability to adjust how the motion compensation feature works.  Older Vizio TVs allowed you to select the degree of aggressiveness of the feature.  The user's manual shows the option, but the option is not actually found in the TV menu system.4.  WiFi is only 2.4 GHz.  This is a major problem in my book.  If you intend to stream and are in a place congested with 2.4 GHz networks, you really need 5 GHz.  In my case I am using Ethernet, so it is not an issue.5.  I do notice slight judder, especially with upconverted and streaming content.  Not major, but if you look for it you will find it.Conclusion:I am very happy with my purchase.  It was a worthy upgrade from my 42" CCFL Vizio set.  I am not using the TV internal speakers since I have sound piped out through digital optical to a sound bar.My picture settings are as follows, and I highly recommend them since I have had time to fiddle with TV:1.  When initially setting up the TV, select "Home" mode.  DO NOT select Retail.2.  Go into the menu, Picture settings, and then select Calibrated.  Although you will be tempted to fiddle with other picture settings....resist the temptation. I learned changing this one thing is the only adjustment you need make.Remember that you will need to select Calibrated for all inputs.  It will default to Standard picture mode (very dim and not all that vivid) when you first switch to say another HDMI port for your BluRay player.  Once you switch over to the different input, go ahead and make the change and it will remember the changes for each input.  DON'T FORGET to also make the change for the Smart TV streaming hub "input" as well.  It will default to Standard for that too until you change it.  I would be happy to answer questions.