I had been looking for an affordable big-screen LCD for quite some time, and I've been scouring deal websites to try to get something in the lower-$300s. Can't believe it took so long to find this TV. 300+ reviewers and 4.5 stars is a rare and beautiful thing to find on Amazon, and this won't let you down.Don't be put off by the relatively unknown brand name (in fact, TCL Corp is globally the sixth-largest TV manufacturer - known in the Americas as RCA - and Samsung even outsources some of its TV production to TCL) or the suspiciously low price (I paid $320; I know it has at times dropped to below $300 but that's still a fantastic deal for a 40" LCD).Some reviewers have mentioned that the item's packing arrived battered and torn up from shipping. My box was spotless, but regardless the TV was packaged so well that I'm sure the box could take a beating without affecting the TV at all. There was lot of compressed Styrofoam and reinforced cardboard to protect the device.Installing the stand took about five minutes. The stand itself is very impressive, made of glass with black glossy paint covering the top and bottom, save for a stylish thin clear glass border running along the sides. I love this look, but it should be noted that the stand in the picture looks like it's silver. Mine was black. The stand screws in flawlessly and sturdily using four provided screws, so be sure you have a Phillips screwdriver.The TV itself looks great, with a glossy black border and a soft blue light in the bottom-left that illuminates when the TV is on. This is fantastic for me; Samsung, LG, and other big manufacturers have a habit of putting their giant illuminated logo right beneath the screen or something annoying like that. If you prefer not to have the logo shining in your face while you're trying to watch something, this is a great plus.Connecting the device was a breeze, thanks to the numerous ports on the side for easy access (there are also connectors on the back for your more permanent fixtures). I lost count of the number of HDMI and RCA inputs, but it all felt very solid (some TV backings seem to cave a bit as you apply pressure to insert a cable). I did feel that the power cord could be longer; I don't know exactly how short it was (maybe it's in the product specifications), but consider buying an extension cord or longer power cord if you'll be placing the TV more than 4-6 feet from a power source.Once turned on, you might need to toy with the screen to get it to look as bright and vibrant as you want. There's a great review in here (currently it's rated as the most-useful, so hopefully ou can find it there) that provides some good guidance on what might work for you, but keep in mind it all depends on factors such as other light sources in your room, proximity to windows, etc. I've had my TV for four days and still occasionally play with the color settings, depending on what I'm watching. It's a little finicky, but I'm sure I'll settle on something soon enough, and it's better to have more control than less. But the screen is crisp and bright, especially when I'm hooked up to my computer via HDMI in full 1080p high-definition glory. Changing inputs (I'm regularly bouncing between HDMI input and standard composite RCA - that's the Red/White/Yellow cable) is a quick process; some other TVs take a few seconds to load the new input, and this takes less than one second to recognize and display the new input.I don't use the remote control (synced the TV with an RCA universal remote), but it came with provided batteries and initially worked fine. Keep in mind that RCA is a very popular universal remote manufacturer, and as TCL owns RCA, you'll have no problems at all syncing RCA remotes with this TV. I also don't use the built-in speakers (running through a receiver and independent speakers), but I'll echo that they're not fantastic and would better suit a casual listener, perhaps in the bedroom, rather than an enthusiast in an entertainment room.Finally, the included 2-year warranty is terrific. I'm also buying an additional 3-year warranty via CostCo (it's $20 cheaper there with a CostCo Membership).All said and done, this is hands down the best consistent TV deal out there. Get it without even hesitating.