I purchased this TV after looking at various options online and in stores. I am using the TV connected to HDTV sources from DirecTV and a PlayStation 3.Things I like:Picture Quality - I have been very happy with the picture quality for both HD and SD sources (although my primary viewing is HD).TOC - As mentioned in various other places, the red TOC (touch of color) is very subtle and doesn't in any way detract from my viewing.  It does make the TV look just that much better when it's not on versus a traditional plain gray TV.Minimal Setup - I tweaked a few settings, but overall I have been happy with the ease of use and didn't have to spend a lot of time to get a good picture.Buttons (or lack of physical buttons on the TV) - The "buttons" for this TV are built into the glass on the right side of the bezel (towards the bottom).  So you touch that spot on the bezel to activate the buttons (similar to the power and eject buttons on the PS3).  Makes for a very clean look.Swivel base - I originally thought I would have to mount the TV on the wall, but the swivel base has worked out very well and easily swivels from side to side so I can turn the TV to be viewable in the family room or from the kitchen. The base is sturdy and the swiveling is solid (it stays put wherever you swivel it to).Things I don't like:Although the TV has PIP, it will only work if one of the sources is the internal TV tuner (in other words, if you use two external sources like my setup with DirecTV and a PS3), you cannot use the PIP.Like most HDTV's, the digital audio out does not support AC3 except for the internal tuner (TV broadcasts). This is standard DRM protection, but still annoying.Source switching on the TV is kind of a pain.  I haven't found a way to directly switch to a second source on the TV.  Instead, you have to hit the source button (on the remote or on the TV) to bring up a list of sources.  You then hit the button again and it switches to the next "active" source (it apparently is looking for input on each source). You keep doing this til you get to the source you want.  You then hit the "select" button to switch to that source and finally the "return" button to remove the source menu display to return to TV viewing.  For me and my two sources, this isn't that bad, but it is annoying.  For example, to switch from the DirecTV to the PS3, you have to press source twice (once to bring up the onscreen source menu and the second time to go from DTV to PS3), then Select, then Exit.  To go to from the PS3 to the DirecTV, you have to hit source *three* times (the first brings up the source menu, the second skips to the "antenna" input (even though I don't have one hooked up; I haven't found a way to disable it either) and a third time to get to the DTV source (then Select, then Exit). Think of the sources in a circle with Antenna being #1, DTV being #2, and PS3 being #3.  You can only move around the circle in one direction, so to go from 2 to 3, it's one step, but to go from 3 to 2, it is two steps (through #1 and then to #2).  With only two sources, it is only annoying to me.  If you had more than two, this could be a big deal.  Regardless, I would definitely recommend a receiver with AV switching to avoid switching via the TV.Also, because it handles only "active" sources, I have to remember to turn on the PS3 first and then switch the TV source, otherwise, PS3 won't be an option in the source selection menu.Things I don't useAs mentioned above, I don't use the OTA antenna for HDTV (or even SD), nor do I use cable, so I can't speak to how well the tuner works.InfoLink - This is Samsung's web content / RSS service.  To be honest I haven't even hooked up the TV to an ethernet cable to get to the internet.  It appears the service uses a pre-canned set of content, so I didn't really see the point for my use (since I can get the same info through DTV or the PS3 with media sharing).Non-HDMI inputs - I only have the two inputs and both are connected via HDMI, so I cannot speak for the component, s-video, etc other inputs the TV supports.Speakers - I turned on the TV speakers when I first set up the TV and they seemed to be fine. Since I have it connected to a receiver with 5.1 output, I don't use the TV speakers (and there is a setup option to turn them off (so you don't have to turn the volume all the way down or use the mute button).OverallOverall I am very happy with the purchase and the TV. I researched beforehand and there really weren't any surprises with the TV.