Because this is our first flat panel tv, we did extensive research for months--at local stores and on-line.  We checked out specs and reviews for weeks, and came to the conclusion that nothing compares with Sony and Samsung.  Considering that we wanted 1080p resolution, 120 hz recovery, and a 10 bit processor, we narrowed the choices down to the Samsung Ln46a650, Samsung Ln46a750, and the Sony KDL46z4100.  We also devoted a great deal of time looking at these 3 units side by side in local stores.  The pictures and quality of all 3 are very close, but we chose the Sony because of the glare and bezel problems of the Samsung; we also had heard that the remote on the Sony was far better.The members of the sales staff at Amazon were great to deal with.  They answered all questions with expertise and assisted throughout the entire process.  Amazon's price is simply the best.  Because we live in a rural area in a Western state, we had to be patient with the delivery company.  Weather and other difficulties resulted in the set being delivered a week late; however, the 2 delivery men could not have been more courteous and helpful when they arrived.We have only had our Sony for a couple of weeks, but we are very impressed with the quality, features, ease of use, and technical support from Sony.  We watched several programs on a standard Dish Network receiver for 3 days, then had the high def equipment installed.  We do not currently have blue-ray, but the performance of the kdl46z100 with the 1080I Dish Network transmission has been excellent.  This set also permits as good a picture as is possible with non-hd programming.  The remote is superior--period.  It is by far the best designed and functional remote we have ever used. Beginners will love the ease of switching to different settings for several uses.  Those more electronically gifted can tweak the settings to their heart's desire.  I personally have enjoyed setting up 3 different custom settings with all sorts of refinements.  By adjusting the settings, DVD's on a standard DVD player can often-times look as good as HBO or Starz broadcasts offered by the dish companies. The included sound system is similar to most sets--rather weak in volume due to 10w speakers.  If you are able to hook up to an audio receiver, you are much better off.We have our set in a great room with sunlight pouring in from many large windows.  The matte finish on the screen is amazing, keeping glare from both natural and artificial light sources to a minimum.  Samsung owners tell me this is a huge problem with their sets.  We called Sony technical support to assist us with plugging in and using our digital camera to view pictures--they could not have been more courteous and helpful.  Viewing pictures on this tv is amazing--a most enjoyable experience.As indicated, we are very happy with our purchase from Amazon, and we look forward to many more years of Sony quality.