I purchased this during the 2011 Black Friday deals event- spectacular pricing on a spectacular television.My family is not fond of 3D anything, so I can't tell you how this TV performs in that area.  I can tell you that we are gamers and this is our first plasma television.  I've owned an LED television, as well as an LCD rear projection television, sony and samsung respectively.  I preferred the Samsung Menu so after much deliberation chose this model as the successor!  I had heard that gamers weren't really supposed to use plasma TVs, but then recently I had found new information indicating it really wasn't that big of a deal with modern plasma televisions.As far as value goes, I love this television.  I appreciate the included wiFi and the number of ports on the back.  Getting it internet ready was easy instead of a war like it is with a lot of devices.  I actually sat in disbelief that it was so quick!I like the menu layout.  I think it's nice and clean, easily navigated.I don't like the way the samsung apps work!  I was unaware before, but you can't just run off and download any app you'd like for the television- you can only download applications from the Samsung store, and the pickings aren't as great as I would have liked.  For instance, the youtube app wont allow you to see your own account, your subscriptions, favorites, etc.  I don't mind it so much because I can always use one of my many ports to hook my laptop up and watch from there, but it was inconvenient to learn.  There just aren't as many -useful- applications, unfortunately.  Sure, I can social network to my heart's content, but that's not really why I purchased a SmartTV.The netflix app is standard, as is the hulu and the video purchasing one (vodu?  I forget what it's called)  There isn't an option for an Amazon Prime Videos app yet, but apparently it is in the works.A keyboard is almost a necessity- it's just too much of a hassle to bother with the various keyboards on the applications.As far as the display, I think it's beautiful.  The blacks are true, the colors vibrant- and with very few settings tweaks.  All of the games we play look stunning and beautiful in so many ways, and when used it to play Skyrim on my laptop?  Heaven.  Literally the best TV I've ever seen.The buttons on the television are awkward.  I'm still not sure exactly where they are, (right bottom corner?) but activating them on the way to the bed has been a problem ending in me searching for the remote to turn it off.  I have no clue if there are sound controls on the side, either.  It just resembles a small silver panel and with my TV height (on a low profile stand, similar to most homes these days) I think they're inconvenient.  My last samsung had them on the side, in the center portion of the television - with a large, obviously-a-power-button in the center bottom half.  I suppose I can't expect that with the low profile look, though.On that note, it is quite low profile!  Not the supersuper-nearly-no-borders type, but it's very slim, with nice edges for balance.  The edges are .. silvery chrome, and it gets dusty fantastically easy- which is a big negative since we are a very dusty household.  The black always looks fine, but those edges just get filthy looking!None of these things are really bothersome because the television is just ridiculously beautiful, though.  I will say also that during the day there is significant glare if watching the television from certain angles.  It's better to just draw the curtains for your viewing experience.  I cannot hear the buzzing unless I've muted the television set.  Thankfully. :)What else?  Oh.  The sound is really good.  When we didn't have our soundbar hooked up, it was just really nice sound- not at all flat like you would expect from a television that thin.  I mean, on the older models that were 5-12 inches you could expect rich sound that you would supplement just because you enjoyed having surround sound- but this is even better than those models, reminiscent of how JBL compact speakers sound.Okay, so final breakdown.I actually LOVE this TV.  It pained me to think of the few flaws I love it so much.  The price point is wonderful, too, and negates all of it's flaws.  Even now, what a fantastic price!  I actually purchased through Dell so I could have a warranty plan I was familiar with (the devil you know vs the devil you don't) and even then, SO CHEAP!  Goodness.  I took off a bit because of the Samsung Apps Issue, and then a bit because of the power button fiasco- but this TV is really five stars in my heart.