I was in the market for a new LCD television, upgrading from a 26" Sharp Aquos LCD.  After reading a few of the reviews on various forums for different brands and models, I settled on the LN46A650 from Amazon. Amazon offered the best price. I was a little skeptical at first about the customer service involved with shipping such a large and expensive item, but for the most part it's been a pleasant experience.Unlike a lot of customers who already have HD sources, for now, I use the TV mainly for watching regular DVDs. I anticipate getting HD sources connected to the TV in the near future. Given that, the quality of standard DVD definition on the TV is nothing short of spectacular. Depending on what you're watching, a lot of the scenes can actually appear to look HD in quality. Of course, if you've been reading the reviews for this TV you already know of its rich feature set and superior black level. I agree wholeheartedly with those assessments.Likewise, you are probably aware of the somewhat reflective screen and that the touch of color (RED) isn't for everyone. For these two things, I'd recommend going to your local Best Buy or video store and checking the TV out for yourself to see if it agrees with your tastes. The remote control is probably the weakest link to this TV. It seems like more of an afterthought to an otherwise great TV. In my opinion, it's a hideous-looking remote that really isn't consistent with the quality and "bling" of the TV. The wheel can be difficult to use if you're not a patient person. Plus, it's not a universal remote, which came as a disappointment. Other than that, so far the TV is consistent with the positive reviews that are out there. You may have an issue with the firmware and software, but it's definitely not a deal breaker and is easily corrected.Now onto my shopping experience with Amazon. Like I mentioned, Amazon offered the best price/customer service balance. I'm certain you can find cheaper TVs on this model elsewhere but you may find yourself in a tussle with their customer service dept. should something go wrong. With my initial purchase, something did go wrong. I took my initial delivery a couple weeks ago and found the TV had a few defective pixels in the lower right corner. Of course, these things can occasionally happen on such a large LCD TV so I didn't cry about it....too much. After the discovery I simply called Amazon and explained to them the situation and they immediately set up an exchange for me. The call took less than 5 minutes and the rep. on the other line was very cordial. Two weeks later I took delivery of the new unit and so far the TV is performing perfectly. Of course, I'm still within the 30 days of my delivery so I plan to test the heck out the TV and update this review accordingly.As far as the main delivery company, CEVA, the company needs to train their phone handlers to be a little more courteous to their callers. The delivery was on time as should be expected but upon calling them to arrange specific delivery times I got the sense that they were either overworked or just didn't want to bother talking to anyone. In short, they were not very polite, even by today's standards.  Regardless of that, the delivery process itself was decent. Just don't expect the "white glove" label to be something spectacular because in my recent experience, it was just "normal glove".This is a solid performing TV and I'd recommend you give it some serious consideration to add to your entertainment arsenal.