I won't give this TV at 5 star rating simply because I've only had it for a short time. In a few months I may come back and review my original report.However I must say right now that we got it for a good, fair price. I was impressed by the Engery Star rating at approx. 17 dollars per YEAR (for elec.). I loved the 46 inch size and the fact that it was a 1080P (full HP). Plus it was not the standard 60Hz TV that you find at most of the stores with the exception of the 3D TV's. We had no interest in 3D television - but we did want the refresh rate to be faster and at 120Hz, this TV should be great.We did not want a "Smart TV" either - the kind where you can get Internet inside the TV so you can go to Netflix or Hulu, etc. Those are nice. However, what if that feature goes bad after awhile? Then what? We opted to buy a Sony Blu-Ray DVD player that has the Internet feature so we can use our Netflix on that. If you have a game player then you could also use that too. Therefor no need for the extra money spent on this "Smart TV" feature we don't want anyway.For the price we paid (under 600) we are very pleased. We didn't want to pay over a thousand dollars for a TV. And that was the bottom line. Our other TV is a Panasonic Plasma and it is very nice indeed. However, it cost nearly 2 grand, and we didn't need a 2nd TV like that. It just depends on what your needs are and the depth of your pocket book. Ya know?Back to this TV - It was packed well and was very easy for 2 small women to carry from the van to the house and set up. We just had to apply 4 screws to the base and it was sitting up. Then we plugged it into the wall and plugged in the cable and turned it on. It ran through an automatic set up process which took a few minutes as it scanned in search of the various channels. Then it was up and running. The book of instructions was simple to follow. The remote control was fairly standard and easy as well.The picture was great and we played around with the contrast and brightness a bit to see what we liked. And we set the aspect ratio to what we wanted the viewing area to be. Simple.I was concerned about the audio at first only because I had read about so many people complaining about the audio on this TV before we went to finally buy this one.However, the salesman in the store turned it up for us to listen to while we were there in the store and it sounded pretty good there. When we got it home it was perfectly fine too.Now.... our living room is not the size of a football stadium - that's for sure. We have a med. size room. I don't think we need a surround sound system or even a sound bar for this TV. I think it's just fine for what we need right now.As some people have pointed out on other various sites - these new super thin TV's have no where to put big speakers (esp.woofers). Okay? None of them have that. So if you need extra loud sound with heavy bass - then perhaps a sound system would be nice to have. But for us...we don't need that and I really don't see what anybody else is complaining about. It probably depends on the size of your room and any other noise factors you might have in your house (snoring spouses, screaming kids, barking dogs, etc.).I see that the one other person who bought this TV and then put up a review on here was very negative about this TV. I don't really think that was helpful because it doesn't explain the situation. Sometimes I think people just don't know how to hook these things up and they get frustrated.True - I haven't had to call the support people. Yet. I hope I don't have to. If I do and I don't get the help I need - I'll report that here later on. Fair is fair.Hopefully this review gives another side to the story on this nice TV now.