The people at Sony will not like this post. I have been a loyal Sony TV buyer since 1978. I have owned three XBR models. (Remember the one with the foot pedals?) And, yet, I just returned my 40W3000 and decided to go with a Samsung.I could not afford the 40XBR4 and considered buying a heavily discounted XBR2. But, the comments in this forum suggested that it would be better to go with the 40W3000 due to some regular improvements. I also wanted to avoid the XBR2 clouds issue. So, I studied the W3000 at the store and it looked good on the wall.I got the W3000 home and connected it to my Comcast DVR via HDMI and to my Panny DVD player via component video (480i). I do not have a game player and I have not jumped into hi-res DVD, yet. So, to be fair, I am dealing with a 1080i Comcast input and a 480i DVD input. I cannot tell you about a 1080p input.With great anticipation, I turned on the w3000 and I did not get a WOW. The colors looked muted and the people looked pale. My daughter said that there was an unnatural green tint to the picture -- and that the greens looked artificial. But, I saw in this forum that all the calibration choices and began the process. I re-seated the cables and tried different inputs.Now, for the great test. Fortunately, I still owned my 32XBR400 set! I could do a side-by-side comparison on the identical video feed! I hooked up the Comcast box to the XBR tube TV via component video and the new 40W3000 by HDMI.My goal -- get the new set to have the same quality picture as my eight year old tube TV. Could it be done?Well -- I spent days on it with no luck. I tried several settings from the spreadsheet, a couple of others in the forum, and some choices by myself. I ran the Video Essentials DVD and tried to get the optimum settings. I tweaked while looking at both monitors. Nothing was as good as the 32XBR400. Not even close.To be fair, I watched a few movies to see if the input made a difference. But, Harry Potter looked sickly and the clothes on the Devil Wears Prada were drab. (The whites were beautiful, by the way.)Then, my other daughter came by and watched Devil with me. She noticed that the pixels did not keep up with the motion in the running scenes. After she pointed that out, the set was ruined for me due to what I now call the "slow pixel" problem. I tried other DVDs and even noticed the problem when faces turned. I turned enhancements on and off. The problem was still there.OK. Perhaps this set was a bad unit. Maybe an exchange would make a difference. (It was an August manufacture date.)I started by returning to where it began -- the wall of screens at the store. I brought my own DVDs and was ready to annoy the sales person. But, it only took me a few seconds in front of the wall to see the "slow pixel" problem. Even if I could get the colors right, those slow pixels would ruin the set.Since this is the top-of-the-line non-XBR set, I knew at that moment that if I wanted to be happy with my TV, I was leaving Sony after 30 years.What next? Well, I know that Samsung makes most of the Sony LCD panels. And, my PCs are all connected to Samsung monitors. (And, the AVS Forum was favorable.) So, lets look at the Sammys.Right next to the Sony was the Samsung 4071f. It had a beautiful picture, but I immediately dismissed it due to glare. The glossy screen would not work in my sunny family room. However, the Samsung 4069f is a very new set with a matte screen. It wasn't even on the wall of TVs at the store. But, they had one in stock that found its way to my credit card and into my house. It has a matte screen and is less wide than the 4071f.I was ready to be disappointed. I was ready to believe that it would be drab and that I would need to start exchanging cable boxes and buying a new DVD player. (My wife would love that.)Guess what. The Samsung picture is stunning -- I said WOW. It is vibrant and has a fantastic picture. The standard setting was very close to the 32XBR400 in color quality with my side-by-side test. A smile crept across my face. I know that there is some picture tweaking ahead of me. But, that will be a labor of love. I watched Harry -- without a skin condition -- and even enjoyed the Discovery Channel HD. I could not see any slow pixels (perhaps due to the 120Hz refresh rate, but I don't know.)Finally, the SD test. I like Bravo, BBC America, and the SciFi Channel. All of them are in SD here. The pictures looked great on the Samsung.Sorry Sony. And, sorry to those in this forum who love the 40w3000. It was a hard decision for me. But, I have a new video partner in the Samsung 4069f. I have already invited people over to my house to watch the Pats game on Saturday night. (It is a good year to be a Boston sports fan.)I hope that my experience has been useful. It is very hard to walk away from 30 years of telling friends and family to buy a Sony. Now, I will say to buy Sony for your tube sets and Samsung for LCD.