First off let me say that I have a few TVs near me to compare this to...my parents have a 37" Westinghouse LCD (720p) and my brother has a 50" Samsung plasma (720p).  My TV was delivered using CEVA.  Over the phone they gave a 4 hour time block (10am-2pm) and said the driver would call when he was 30 minutes away.  At 2:30pm I called, and found out he got slowed down at his last delivery.  He was at my apartment by 3:30pm.NOTE:  I was told to sign that he would not unpack it and when I questioned this he dodged the question.  Not a big deal, but 90% of the population probably cannot get the TV out of the box as I did by themselvesInputs>>>Comcast digital cable set top box (STB) connected with Belkin component cables.  I did this for two-fold.  1) My current box does not have HDMI out and I would rather not pay for it.  2)  Unless someone corrects me, I do not believe HDTV channels are 1080p, they are only 720p; therefore component is all that is needed.  **my audio reciever does not have HDMI**PS3 connected with Cables Unlimited HDMI (1.3) cable.  I used HDMI because PS3 games and Blu-Ray both can output at 1080p.  I send the video signal along the HDMI and audio to the Multi-AV with an old PS3 component Video and audio cable to my receiver.  My receiver is nothing special, but it unfortunately does not have an optical input, so I am left to use RCA cables.Note about Cables:  I used Belkin PureAV component video and Belkin PureAV RCA audio cables.  They can be found in the $8 to $15 range.  I have a Cables Unlimited HDMI cable that was around $10.  In hindsight I would have opted for something that Belkin made.  Do not waste your money on $80-100 Monster cables however.TV>>>The picture is wonderful, I played with the settings.  120Hz AutoMotion can make things look "Soap Opera"-ish.  I kept adjusting it while watching "The Office" TNT-HD last night.  When I was watching Sportscenter with lots of NFL highlighs I kept 120Hz AutoMotion running on High.  I also adjusted the NR (Noise Reduction) to High as well.  I was able to see noise in dark areas of the screen, but adjusting this eliminated this problem.  All system settings seemed good for PS3.  I played Tiger Woods 09 last night and it was very sharp.  I plan on watching "Shooter" BD tonight so I will see how deep black responds in a dark room.Comparison>>><<<The Westinghouse cannot match this.  The "W" is approximately 4 years old and LCD has come a long way.  If you are of the crowd, "plasma is better than LCD", "Plasma is sharper", etc. then you need to go to BB and do some comparing.<<<The Samsung plasma is similar.  If you recently purchased a plasma hold onto it.  Or move it to another room in the house and get a new LCD.  I am hoping to do side-by-side with my TV and the plasma to compare picture quality, contrast ratio, etc.  Plasma's are very hard to move becaue the front panel is glass and if it cracks your TV is done.  Not so with the LCD, it is not really different from the screen on your cell phone, Nintendo DS, old Gameboy, etc.I rate the Samsung LN46A650 at 93% or A-.  For the value I give it about a 97%.  It isn't cheap, but definitely not the most expensive.  I did look/shop around with Sony as well and I can say that the XBRs are a nicer unit.  But they are in the neighborhood of DOUBLE what I paid.  And for the ultimate TV, BB had the LN46A650 sitting next to a Pioneer Kuro for comparison.  Samsung held its own, but the Kuro is unreal.Hopefully I was able to help some of you technology challenged individuals.  If you know about TVs, sorry I didn't want to bore the masses =)