My TV started to turn on very slowly and have no usable picture if it turned on quickly. When it did start with any sort of a usable picture, the screen was peppered with magenta and cyan dots. Very crappy.It turns out the power supply has an inherent flaw that needs to be fixed. This will cost you 6 dollars if you have some basic electronics stuff like a good soldering iron and desoldering braid.  If you don't know how to solder, this is probably a bad project to learn on, unless you have a good teacher on hand.Remove the screws from the back of the TV, then slide the back off. Unhook all the connectors from the power supply board, then remove the 7 screws holding it in. The power supply board is the one in the center of the back of the TV. It has a bunch of capacitors and several heat sinks on it.There are 4 capacitors on the power supply board that are rated 1000 uf at 10V. 10V is obviously not enough, as they get unhappy quickly and start to swell as they fail. Curiously enough, there is another 1000 uf cap on the board that's rated 25V. I replaced the 4 with 25V (radial lead) electrolytic caps. They are the same diameter as the old parts, but a little taller, which doesn't matter.The old caps are recognizable by their markings, as detailed above, but also by the top of the can, which will have a slight dome shape instead of being flat. When you get them out, you'll notice the rubber plug in the bottom is about to blow out. Make sure to replace all of these caps, even if they don't look swollen.All of these caps (old and new) are marked with a band down the side with minuses on it. This is (obviously) the minus lead of the cap. Note that the new caps also have a long lead, this is the positive lead. Mark the component side of the board with a permanent marker on the minus side of the cap. The other side of the board has "+" markings on it, and I like to put marks on it so I desolder the correct pads. Getting the polarity wrong would not be a good mistake to make.Put the end of the desolder braid on the pad, add some solder to the hot iron tip and press it against the braid until the solder stops wicking up it. Most of the hole in the pad should be free of solder, if not, cut off the solder-filled part of the wick and repeat. Use the tip of the iron to heat up the capacitor lead in the desoldered hole. Once the remaining solder melts, straighten the lead by pushing on it with the tip. You should be able to remove the cap by pulling on it once both leads are desoldered and straightened.Push the new cap through the board, noting the minus band and long lead to confirm polarity. Once you're satisfied the polarity is correct, bend the leads out very close to the board. This will keep the cap in place as you invert the board for soldering. 67-33 rosin core tin lead solder works very well. Don't use 60-40 or 50-50, as the joint will not be as good. Clean the tip, tin it with solder and apply the tinned edge to the lead and pad. Add solder until you have a nice, smooth fillet. Once both leads are soldered, cut them off flush with the solder fillet. Repeat for the other 3 caps. Reinstall the board and reassemble the TV. You will certainly enjoy the results.