I picked this TV up a few months ago so I could get my 360 and PS3 off of my computer monitor.  Clearly I knew I wasn't getting a super high end TV but at the end of the day all I wanted it to do was work for gaming on a functional level.  To that end this TV met all of my expectations and exceeded them.Games look fine, there's no ghosting, fine text is easily readable, and the color and resolution are nice enough.  Compared to other 'better' TVs I've seen I would say that the colors are perhaps a little washed out, not quite as rich as other TVs I've seen.  I've read of people playing around with various settings to get a better look overall but it's not something I'm well versed in or have tried yet.  When switching inputs, or sometimes when firing up a game, the screen will display an odd green graphical pattern briefly at the bottom of the screen.  The response time on switching inputs is also a little slow by comparison.Movies, both DVD and Blu Ray look good, they more or less adhere to what I've seen with games.  I'd say the visual quality, or lack thereof for lack of a better way of putting it, is a little more apparent in a movie than it is in a game.  I recently watched some older movies and some of the darker and brighter scenes made this very clear.  It's still infinitely better than the SD TV I had previously but there are discernable differences between this and other perhaps more pricey choices.Cable TV to me looks worse than my SD TV for the most part.  I don't have digital or an HD pack (don't watch enough TV to warrant the cost) so most of what I get in my package isn't high definition.  The HD channels I do get look great but for some reason all of the other channels just don't look right.  I don't know if it's a factor of not finding quite the right display settings, of which I have tried many, or if the flaws of the actual programming are more apparent.  The typical cable show looks somewhat distorted and fuzzy to me.  It isn't however so bad that I'm going to backtrack to my previous TV.The built in sound isn't great either.  Whether the game/movie/show is to blame or not you may find yourself battling with the volume controls at time to find a reasonable balance.  I encounter this the most with movies, and the "Voice" sound setting helps, but I do have to do a fair amount of volume juggling with the stock speakers.  I'm personally looking in to getting a surround sound setup which will likely remedy the problem but out of the box the sound isn't amazing.  This is probably true of most stock televisions but there it is.Features?  Well there really aren't any.  At this price I guess that's to be expected.All things considered it's a great TV for the money.  A more discerning aficionado could surely argue against this TV with great validity but I think for a more pedestrian consumer looking for a basic upgrade this is right on.  For me this was my first HD set short of my computer monitor, so while I find myself greatly behind the technology curve this time, I'm sure there will be plenty of others just like me.