I shopped for a new 36 inch TV for 2 weeks. I went out to 4 different stores and looked at all the new models, from JVC, to Panasonic, to sony WEGA and XBR. I finally decided on THIS TV. The Model # is Fv300. This is the 2nd model down, (below HDTV) in the WEGA 36 inch line. The features such as infared headphones, picture in picture, "WoW" sony simulated surround sound, and a 3D DIGITAL COMB, as opposed to 3 line digital, which appears in almost all average price TV's. The 3D Digital does make a difference, and only beging in WEGA in the Fv300. There are two S video connectors (1 rear, 1 front), and plenty of A/V jacks in the rear (19 of them). Heres the catch, the stand. It cost me 219.00 bucks. Im not sure how much you can find it for, but that is the proper WEGA stand, custom made by SONY for this TV. Let me say...it is one SOLID stand and LOOKS like its worth over 200 dollars. It really does make the presentation. The cheapest quality stand you could find will still run between 99.99 and 169.99 anyway. So I suggest doing as I did, and just going for it. Another issue is the weight of this thing. It's easily 240lbs, some websites claim its more. If you plan on taking this home, your gonna need someone with an SUV or a truck, the box is enormous. I would suggest getting it delivered so you can have them put it right on the stand for you. Me and my brother are weightlifters, so we didnt have too much of a problem getting it in and on the stand , but I would suggest ATLEAST 3 strong people. All the weight is in the front, too. When your past all the setting up, your gonna be happy with your TV. The audio out connection is easy for a home theatre system. I connected a Sony system, and Im attempting to dual connect Klipsch 5.1's. So youve read about the TV, what are the differences in the different models of 36 inch WEGA? FS100- basic model, cheapest, no PIP, No 3d digital comb, No Tru surround sound...basically lacks important features.FS200- Adds PIP, and other basic features, but very similar to the FS100.FV300- This is the model I bought. PIP, 3D digital comb, free infared headphones (which allow you to listen to TV from a distance), etc etc etc...it's loaded.FV500- HDTV model, includes all features of the Fv300, but adds the somewhat "gimmicky" HDTV feature. It looks nice but you'll need an HDTV sattalite connection, or some other form to use it. ALso, not all stations broadcast HDTV. It is TV of the future, but its not here yet. Save the 500 bucks. Sony XBR- A step above WEGA, HDTV capable, and 40 inch. Runs double the price of the FV300.Ok, I just wanted to provide you with some insite after my purchase. I'm happy with the Fv300, and I know I made the right choice. Cant beat SONY, Trinitron, and WEGA all in one. I've got two trinitron computer monitors and I was SOLD on the TV just as quickly. They are the best.