My experience with PanasonicNice televisions... unless something goes wrong!As an avid Panasonic customer (owning more than one Panasonic television and a couple of high-end Lumix cameras), I purchased a top-of-the-line 54 inch 3d Panasonic plasma TV (model VT25) less than two years ago (1 year, 8 months).  I expected to have this television for at least another 5 years (like previous televisions).One day while watching the TV, it abruptly turned off and would not turn back on. A small red LED light at the bottom of the TV was the only thing that flickered (blinking 11 times). I unplugged it and plugged it in again.  It would turn back on for a few seconds, before shutting off again (the red light blinking, mockingly).I called Panasonic and was told to bring it to a local repair shop where it could be diagnosed and repaired.  I was also informed me that my warranty had expired (the TV is only warrantied for 1 year) and I would be responsible for the repair costs.The TV repair shop diagnosed the problem as a bad A-board and fans.  The estimated price to repair it - $540!  I was shocked.  I called Panasonic and they said there was a possibility they would cover some or all of the cost. So, I sent the repair estimate and proof of purchase and waited to see if they would stand behind their top-of-the-line products and cover the cost of repair.I was told that I would hear back within 72 hours. 3 days later I still had not received a response. No phone call, no email.  I called customer service to find out what had happened.  The customer service representatives were friendly enough and confirmed that they had received my claim information, but they didn't know why I had not been contacted. They told me they would send a message to those responsible for repair claims and I should hear back from someone in 24-72 hours. 3 days came and went without any communication from Panasonic. Again, I called customer service. Though they were again friendly, I was told (once again), that I would hear back from someone in 24 hours.  I, again, waited and, again, heard nothing.  This scenario repeated for another 2 weeks and 3 more phone calls.  Finally (thoroughly exasperated and out of patience), I insisted on speaking with someone higher up.  I expressed my incredible frustration. My TV had now been at the repair shop for a month with absolutely no response from Panasonic! I had done all the work, repeatedly calling, spending numerous hours with customer service, each time re-explaining the situation.  Panasonic had made no effort to contact me.  After explaining this to the Panasonic representative and some discussion, he said all they could offer me was a little over $100.  I was offended, considering I had made all the effort and the repair costs were over $500 (a quarter the cost of a new TV!).  I expressed my disappointment and dissatisfaction and after more tense conversation, he said the final amount they could offer was $216.  I was forced to accept this, as it was clear the disaffected, monotone Panasonic rep would not offer a dime more.  I was left to pay more than half the repair cost.I am sad to say that all my faith in Panasonic products has vanished. If they are not willing to stand behind the quality of their top-of-the-line products (less than two years old), then I fear the quality of Panasonic is not what it once was.  So, if you are considering purchasing something from Panasonic, be wary and don't count on their customer service.