I've had this set for 2 weeks.  We have a satellite HD receiver connected via HDMI. HD is literally like looking through a window.  It's stunning. We haven't seen Blu Ray yet, but our first experience with HD is amazing.  The colors are so crisp, the lines so clear.  Truly incredible.  History Channel, Discovery Channel, National Geographic - Wow!  And, although there are plenty of sites that will give you calibration directions, I simply adjusted the brightness and contrast (the screen is bright and my eyes are light sensitive) and am very happy with the results.Every angle is great with this TV.  Doesn't really matter where you sit.  We are about 8 feet away from it and 46" was perfect, so I'm glad I didn't get the 40", as I originally planned.Standard definition is okay as well.  We had that for a week before upgrading our satellite receiver.  It was better than I thought it would be.  And our DVD player (a Panasonic from 2000) handles the standard DVDs just fine, which is why I'm putting off purchasing a Blu Ray player or an upconverting DVD player.The sound is very good (plenty of volume) and the remote is just fine (many complaints here about it).I did have issues with CEVA shipping.  My delivery was scheduled for June 3rd and there was some drama about my TV being lost, but that was resolved by the next morning.  The delivery man came, unpacked it, set it on my stand, plugged it in and left after I said all was well.  This shipping company is very unorganized-but I was happy with the condition of my delivery.This was our first "big screen" TV, moving up from a 27" tube TV.  We're very happy with our purchase.  Much cheaper than the mortar stores. And, since date of purchase, I've gotten $125 back using Amazon's Post Price Guarantee.  Even if you're in NY and have to pay tax (we got ours right before that went into effect) you'll still save money buying from Amazon.Update:  In the 3-4 weeks I owned this set I was looking for the "auto-shutoff" firmware glitch because my set had the original firmware.  We were pretty sure it did happen twice, but more of an issue was that the Trusurround Sound would not stay enabled.  Once you shut the TV off and turned it back on you would have to re-enable Trusurround Sound.  I called Samsung asking for the firmware on a USB drive, since I didn't have one (you can download the firmware yourself online if you have a USB drive to install it with), and Samsung insisted on sending a serviceman from HSN (Home Service Network)to look at the TV instead of giving me the firmware on a drive because it was not aware of the surround sound issue.  I was somewhat hesitant about having a serviceman come and mess around with the TV and didn't bother calling HSN. But when I got a call from HSN I set up the appointment and was pleased.  The serviceman was the most polite ever to come to my house, and he informed me that Samsung service did not always know about every software glitch and that's why they prefer to send a repairman, and that the firmware will fix this Trusurround sound glitch.  Which it did.  The point being that Samsung would rather pay more to send someone to you then to take a chance with giving you firmware you may not need.  And, if the install went awry, I'd be fully covered, of course.  I highly recommend this TV and Samsung's service.UPDATE:  8/28/08:  I started using this TV as a monitor for both a laptop and a desktop PC, connected via VGA out to VGA input.  Simply amazing clarity.Updated:  1/30/09:  Everyone who comes to my house admires the clarity of this TV.