Following are my impressions as a first time HDTV owner of the Sony Bravia BX42 32" LCD HDTV.Useful features of the Sony Bravia BX42:* Analog stereo audio output (RCA jacks) that can feed audio to a traditional (i.e., not HDMI) hi-fi system.  (Most HDTVs don't have this connection.  This is why I bought this Sony.)  This is useful when a television broadcast involves music.* As with all LCD HDTVs:o It is much thinner than a traditional CRT TV, which enables it to fit in some spaces that a traditional TV wouldn't fit.o It is much lighter than a traditional CRT TV, making it easy to move from room to room.  (I normally don't have a TV in my living room, but I can easily set this TV on a table for special occasions when I want to watch a movie in the living room.  In contrast, a traditional CRT TV wouldn't fit, and would be too heavy to carry back and forth.)Significant feature deficits of the Sony Bravia BX42:* Very inconvenient access to favorite channels.  (In contrast, on the remote control for my digital converter box that I use with my traditional (non-HD) TV, there are buttons that allowing scanning favorite channels - which is much more convenient.)  Accessing favorite channels on the Sony Bravia BX42 is very cumbersome - it takes clicking on several different buttons to access a sub-menu.  If you push the wrong button - you have to start over.  Channel surfing via the remote is very slow.  You have to scan through all channels (not just favorites), which is slow on digital TV, and landing on the intended channel is imprecise.  This is inexcusable.* No antenna signal strength meter.* No clock.Picture quality of the Sony Bravia BX42:* Compared with a non-HD traditional TV, the picture is better on some HD broadcasts, such as HD sports events.* On some HD broadcasts, my opinion is that my traditional (non-HD) TV delivers a more pleasant picture.  For example, a close-up of someone's face does not look better in HDTV.  And apparently the TV's digital processor can't resolve small details when there is motion.  (The TV displays small "blocks" of the image until the motion stops.)* For non-HD sources (e.g., non-HD broadcast, DVDs), my opinion is that my traditional (non-HD) TV usually delivers a more pleasant picture.  When playing DVDs, the colors are often richer on a tradition TV vs. this Sony HDTV.  (I'm using an Oppo DVD player that supposedly offers excellent up-scaling, and yes, I've adjusted every available picture setting on the Sony Bravia BX42.  I'm not using a BluRay player because none of the videos that I watch (opera) are available on BluRay.)The sound quality of my traditional (non-HD) TV is better than the Sony Bravia BX42.My advice is that if you have a high quality traditional TV and you're happy with the quality of the picture and sound, don't automatically buy into the HDTV hype.  If you need a thin and/or light TV, or watch sports that are available as an HD broadcast, then an HDTV offers advantages.  My opinion is that many people are blindly buying into the marketing puffery associated with HDTV, just as many people bought into the hype when transistor based hi-fi equipment was introduced.  Today many people, including me, prefer the sound of tube based hi-fi, and I think that eventually some people will realize that they prefer the picture quality of a CRT based TV.On-line shopping at Amazon is very convenient.