I am writing this after about one week of use.Love:The thinness of this TV is super. Impressive. Admirable.When watching a high quality HD movie or show, such as that transmitted by HBO HD, the quality is stunning. Pleasing. Satisfying. Remarkable. And this is with the TV picture mode set to the standard default.The menus are easy to navigate.Nice that you can stream YouTube.Being able to rotate the TV 20 degrees left and right.Nice looking TV (except for the mirror-like reflection, of course)Happy I was able to get it for $1,800 grand total.Disappointments:While the installation of the base is really easy, the screws are easily stripped. Using a typical screwdriver, the screw heads started showing stripping. Unacceptable. (I didn't strip the screw heads all the way, but there should be no stripping just to install the base on an $1,800 TV.)The speakers. Come on, LG. If Vizio can put in 15 watt speakers, why would you give us 10 watt speakers on an $1,800 TV? The speaker sound is OK for programs like the news, but awful when listening to stations like the Music Choice cable music stations. I tested them with the beautiful instrumental music station and could not turn up the volume very high or else I'd get distortion and/or vibration. This is very upsetting. LG should be ashamed for this. And please don't tell me they expect everyone to connect the TV to an audio amplifier, etc. This is BS. Many people do not want to do this. And isn't $1,800 enough? And again: if other TV companies can offer a flat-screen TV with better sound, LG should be able. I don't have an amp or external speakers, etc. And I don't want to spend any more money. (I am not returning the TV in spite of this speaker complaint. I am just going to live with the disappointment for now. I am just hoping someone at LG will read these complaints and do the right thing in their next TV.)I am disappointed with the quality of the picture when standard def or video via composite RCA cables is transmitted. I know this is to be expected, but I have seen better quality on other sets. If you are still using something like the ReplayTV DVR or VCR where you can only use composite cables, you might be unhappy with the quality of the picture.The remote control does not have a qwerty keyboard. Not a dealbreaker, of course, but Vizio has a qwerty keyboard bluetooth remote with their 47" LED LCD TV. And their set is $1,400. (And their speakers are better.)The glare of the screen. Highly reflective. If your room lighting is a certain way, you'll certainly get used to it and/or the glare will be less. (With the TV off in a bright room, the screen is a perfect mirror.)Bottom line: I recommend this LG TV if you watch mostly High Def programming, as you will see a gorgeous picture. Nice black levels. Bright and colorful and crystal clear picture that will make you fall in love with watching television. You will never want to go back to a CRT again if this is your first HD experience, of course. (I would give 5 stars for just the picture and the thinness of the TV.) If the best sound quality is important, keep in mind you will need external speakers for that.