I was hesitant about buying this TV but went for it anyway.  I'm glad I did.  This is my first LED TV.  I was looking to replace my big-screen projection TV, but my budget didn't allow the size I needed.  So I figured I'd settle for this one with the intention of moving it into the bedroom later on.  I didn't need all the extra connections, and definitely didn't want a 3D TV.  This model seemed to provide what I needed.  I haven't been able to check out all of the features completely, so I'll update my review later.  But for now, it really is an awesome TV.Pros:- The picture is absolutely beautiful in HD. Almost life-like. Out of the box, it wasn't great.  I had to play with the settings to get it the way I wanted it.  I found it better to turn off the Clear Motion and just run it at 120hz with no software enhancements.  I have yet to find another type of viewing that would benefit from the 240hz.  But I haven't watched football or Nascar yet :)- Full LED; EnergyStar 5.0 - bet ya can't find that in a LCD or Plasma! $12/yr avg cost of energy :) Color, contrast, sharpness, etc., the picture is just... wow! Can't tell the difference between this 4,000,000:1 vs. 5,000,000:1 ratios. Blacks are dark, whites are bright; settings to adjust that too.- Sound: WOW! I expected crappy sound from tiny speakers, but man was I wrong! The sound setup has many different options. Sound Modes include: Standard (real good stereo but no effects), Amplified (what I use, like boosted stereo), Music (greater stereo sound with added bass and crisper treble), Movie (theater sound), & Clear Voice (mono?). Other options for speakers, sound effects, etc. I can't express how impressed I am with the sound from a 1" thick TV.- Internet Apps: Lots of choices for movies, music, social networking, etc. Basically the same ones the other mfgrs are offering. All easy to use.- Design: front panel controls are Touch sensitive, NO buttons!!! Love it! Remote: kinda large, but allows control of movies and Internet apps; intuitive, no need to read the manual.  Finish is beautiful; says it's a Rose-Black, but I don't see any color at all in it.  Looks deep black, high gloss to me.  Very thin, stand is sturdy or can mount TV panel on wall.  No connections coming out of the side of the TV (all in the back) reduces eye-sore clutter.- straightforward & intuitive; easy to work with and adjust settings. Tons of settings to tweak it just the way you want it.- when changing sources, it remembers the setting you had last with each particular mode so you don't always have to go in to change it every time.- view pics/vids from usb thumb drive / ext drive, wireless network connect to access shared media (movies, music, pics) from your computers.Cons:- No ethernet port to hard-wire. Need wifi dongle for internet apps.  On the upside, I got the Rosewill RNX-N1 dongle for $33 that works seamlessly and only costs half the price of Samsung's dongle. Software not necessary; just plug it in. I don't know if a USB Lan adapter (for ethernet port) will work with this TV; if anyone knows, please let us know :) Otherwise, the Rosewill works perfectly and all apps I've tried also work.  Rosewill gets its own review ;)- Limited connection ports: no optical for sound bar, but it's not needed anyway. Home theater can be ran through BluRay HDMI or Receiver component/composite.  Has 2 HDMI, 2 USB, 1 Component, 1 Composite, 1 mini jack.Overall, this TV was made for an excellent picture and sound with minimal fluff. And that's exactly what they achieved. Perfect for a small living room or a master bedroom. Hook up a BluRay player or laptop; that's all you really need. Just get the dongle for wifi and you're good to go! Highly recommend to anyone who's after picture/sound/price on the priority list ;)UPDATE:It's only been a few days, but I've been obsessed with playing around with all the settings! LOL So this what I've settled on for now. Understand that everyone has different preferences, so what I like is probably not what you like :)Turning OFF the Motion feature provides a crisper picture, clear defined lines, without blur.  When it's turned on, straight edges look jagged, blocked, and blurred.  I did turn it on while watching an HD football game yesterday and found that the Standard setting was better than Smooth (I turned it back off after the game was over).  It seems the more you turn it up, the blurrier it gets.  Although it may reduce and even eliminate judder, it's most definitely blurry. (Comcast Cable)For regular viewing, I use the following:Picture Mode - StandardBacklight - 14Contrast - 80Brightness - 51Auto Motion Plus - OffLED Motion Plus - OffThe different picture modes automatically change the other settings in order to "create" that particular mode.  It's kinda like a one-click solution for a fast setup instead of going in and changing up to 4-8 individual settings.I played around with a few other settings, but only made slight changes just to increase vibrancy/color saturation/warmth.  Like I said, you have to experiment to find what you like :)I changed the setting for DVD's to Dynamic picture mode.  Had to make some other adjustments once I did that, but I've had to tweak it for each movie I tested it on.I downloaded the AllShare software from Samsung and installed it on my desktop computer. The wifi router shows the TV on your network. I found if you place files in the program's default folders, it duplicates the files.  Much easier to just add (link) your already existing folders/locations.Hope this info helps :) Enjoy!