It's hard to still be amazed after spending almost $3000 on a TV, but this television still has me just as impressed with it as much the first time I fired it up. I had been on the verge of buying a new 3D since Dec. 2010, almost snagging a Samsung UN46C7000 from Amazon for a sweet price the day before Chirstmas... Fortunately, I waited. I did as much research I could do through forums and local electronic stores, but it is impossible to get a true sense of a TV's capabilities without running your own content on them, so I really took a chance on Sony's flagship to deliver more than the competition and enough to justify the price tag. My first experience with the TV, after the general start-up settings of course, was throwing on the Legend of the Guardians 3D blu-ray. This is not only the best 3D experience I have had so far, but the single greatest movie experience I have ever had. Although the film itself has it's flaws, the level of detail and the fluidity of the 3D motion was breathtaking! It is the movie I show my buddies to show off what my TV and 3D itself is truly capable of. I have seen first generation Samsung 3D TV's in relative's houses and noticed a good deal of ghosting, something that I did not see the current generation fixing either, but this is virtually nonexistent on the Hx929. Blooming is an issue many have been having with Sony LED's for some time now, but I have not personally experienced this even though I watch it from off angles frequently. Another concern that has been put to rest was the response delay when playing video games. Gran Turismo 5, Crisis 2, and Killzone 3 all looked absolutely stunning, and no noticable delay or blurring even outside of "Game Mode." I spent a couple hours fidling with with display settings that other owners and CNET have posted, but have found that I enjoy the preset settings "Standard" and "Vivid" the most. As far as pure picture quality goes, this is leaps and bounds better than my 2 year old Samsung plasma it replaced, and still offers more clarity and deeper blacks than the rest of the 2011 LED lineup. I have not used any of the internet browser or "widgets," but my PS3 can run most, if not all, that the TV can offer with an easier to navigate XMB. I  can't vouch for the TV's built-in sound either, but I assume that they are underwhelming like most TV speakers these days. Anyone investing this much money into their home theater should pick up a decent sound bar at least. I have a Pioneer VSX-1020-K receiver with Sony front, side, and rear speakers (These are an incredible value!), and the whole package makes me miss my room whenever I am at the movie theater. Overall, if you are looking for the absolute best in HD/3D picture quality and are less concerned about the price at checkout, this is the best manufacturers have to offer. If you are looking for a good picture at a bargain price, the Samsung UND7000 or 8000 are probably more suitable. For myself, I was already going to spend about $2000 on a new TV, spending a few hundred more for the best available made more sense and I am happy that I did.