Hello all - for all of those with the "7 Blinks of Death" my P55GT30 has joined in your ranks. With the research I've conducted I found that the following are common experiences for those who bought this TV:* 1-2 years of good service from the TV (happy customers when the TV was working)* for the 55" Plasmas Amazon customers spent around $1500-2000, for the 60" Amazon customers seemed to have spent about $2000* the listing description advertise "Long Panel Life, Up to 100,000 Hours" leading customers to believe the TV will last for 10 years, along with some statements about how a long lasting TV will benefit the environment. Many customers though when faced with a dead TV are faced with a difficult decision on is it worth repairing on their own dime (which is paid to Panasonic ultimately for the board replacement BTW) or trashing the TV (not good for the environment). Panasonic is not standing by this statement of supporting the environment during their support,* A couple of reviewers mentioned that Panasonic was not willing to support them as they were just outside of their warranty.* Some common noises associated with the failure: a Buzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzing which Panny states as operating within normal tolerances when I mentioned it to them during the warranty period (in hindsight it looks like it is a precursor to failure according to comments online) then either a loud pop with a subsequent black screen or just TV just starts blinking red at you on the next start up. The pop is not associated with all failures - but it is a common complaint. Panasonic will not support you if you complained about the buzzing in the warranty period (but followed their advice) but your TV died outside it.* There is some talk about the screws fastening the boards to the frame of the TV are faulty, and there are updated screws you can buy. Panasonic is not commenting on the screws when I asked them about their existence.* Many people mention that there are boards you can buy to replace the faulty ones but they comes directly from Panasonic for the seven blinks of death. Some are reporting a shortage (probably because the high failure rate). Panasonic will not supply you the board for free - you will need to contact the parts department yourself if you are going to attempt to fix it - but remember: garbage in, garbage out.* The customer service department is well versed with these phone calls/chats for the failed Plasma TVs. The script is: unplug the TV then wait (some time) then try a different outlet? Then as pleasantly as they can deny any further assistance or direct you to the parts department. The department is based in the Caribbean (just a fun fact)*Panasonic will not produce any further Plasma TVs as reported by CNET on November 6, 2013. After touting Plasmas as the king of displays for the past couple of years, they will be switching, along the rest of the industry to LED, oLED, and other formats. This is probably not good for those of you who will be looking for parts later on.** Amazon continues to sell these models and the next generation models. The next generation is starting to see some negative reviews based on the TV failing to display (although most of the 1 star reviews are due to screen burn), but not to the extent we have seen with this older model. Panasonic has the upper hand since Amazon customers come one by one reporting their TVs have failed. It may help if other Amazon customers report directly to customer service their poor experience with the product and with Panasonic so they can "pass on these comments to our concerned internal department about this issue" and perhaps Amazon will stand by their customers and pressure Panasonic to respond favorably.Besides, watching your $1000+ investment sit there and blink red at you gets old pretty quickly...If you would like to log a compliant to the BBB - the Panasonic address to use is the following:Business Name:  Panasonic Corporation of North AmericaAddress:  2 Riverfront PlzNewark, NJ 07102