Overall, I will say that I am contempt with my purchase. I bought this TV at Walmart on sale while shopping for some dorm furniture. There are several good things about this product that I would like to point out first:1) It is a very user friendly product. If you do not want to have to hassle with cumbersome set up procedures, then this TV is for you. The only set up required is to allow the TV to search for channels, which took a maximum of maybe 15 minutes. Also, the controls are very straight forward, giving you a wide range of display options to best fit your need. 5/5 stars2) The picture is admittedly pretty dang good. I've never owned an HD TV before this one, but I will say that i am very impressed with the picture quality even after watching for a few months. Of course, this varies with the type of connection you have and what your service provider gives you, but definitely worth the price. Although, the screen has a cover over it that makes it glare a little more than expected. Although, this is mostly dependent on where the TV is placed, and doesn't really hinder anything. 4/5 stars3) The sound is incredible. I was considering purchasing speakers while out shopping when I got the TV, but decided to wait until I got back to my dorm to purchase them online. I'm glad I did, because the sound is really crisp on this TV. 5/5 starsHowever, there are some things that really bug me about my purchase that I feel others should know before buying:1) There aren't many ports on this unit. Admittedly, this isn't a problem if you don't have a lot of devices that you would like to hook up, or even if you wanted to spend a little extra money and buy a switcher unit. While there are ample ports for HDMI (3 to be exact), there is only one spot to plug in your conventional cables (RGB, RCA, etc.). This was a bit bothersome for me, so I feel as if it should get a lower grade. Again, this is just my experience. You may be perfectly fine with only one port. 3/5 stars2) The base that the TV sits on feels really flimsy and doesn't seem stable enough to hold the unit. It is made of metal, but I honestly sometimes worry about whether or not the bas will collapse. 3/53) The unit itself is pretty awkward. Not as in looks, but as in weight. It feels like it weighs about 20 more pounds than it should. Also, because of where the receiver is on the TV (towards the bottom of the unit), if you place it high on a shelf or stand, you may have to work with the remote a bit to get it to receive the signal. 2/5 stars4) I know I brought up the ports earlier, but I felt like this needed to be separate. While the HDMI ports work fairly well, you sometimes have static come across the screen, as if you have a bad connection. I'm not sure if this is the cables I'm using to connect my computer or the TV itself, but I can't help but feel the ports on the TV aren't very sturdy. To add to this, the conventional cable ports only work for about half of the devices I have tried connecting to them. Here is a list of the ones I have found to work: DVD/VHS players, XBOX, PS2. For some reason or other, Neither PS3 nor XBOX 360 worked on my unit using the conventional ports (they did however work on the HDMI ports). Those were the only devices that worked. I also tried several old consoles on the TV, such as the Nintendo 64 and the PS1, but they didn't work on mine. Overall, I would have to say that I am disappointed in the quality. I don't think I should have to play Russian Roulette every time I want to connect a device. 1/5 stars5) And finally, the customer service. I have dealt with many customer service representatives over the years. I am normally a calm, reasonable human being (at least I like to think so). However, the people at the Funai Corporation (the corporation that handles the customer service for Emerson) are the worst ones I've ever had to deal with. I bought this product towards the end of August, 2013. i noticed almost immediately the problem I had stated above. When I called them to see if there were anything I could do, they kept placing the blame on me, basically saying that I wasn't doing something right. Now if it were standard procedures ( such as making sure the unit is off, etc.) I could have handled it. But they were the most condescending people I have ever spoken to. I have called customer service and spoken with them online about 5 times in the 3 months that I have had this product, and I have never been able to get my issues resolved. They take days to respond, even though they promise to respond within 24-48 hours. I really like this product. But the customer service just kills it. I would honestly say don't buy this product just because of them. 0/5 starsHere's the thing, if you're looking for a TV to just watch TV on, or maybe even just pop in a DVD or two, then this unit is perfect for you. However, if you want to do basically anything else with it, I would be prepared for unending hours on the phone with a customer service rep. who doesn't care.If you have any questions about this product feel free to comment below!