My friend bought an Emerson 40" HDTV at Walmart at a really good price, but when she got it home and set it up, she noticed that the picture was lackluster, even when watching a DVD.  Later on, a friend of hers gave her some tips on how to set-up the Emerson with various commands via the remote control.  Those tips really paid off and suddenly the previously lackluster picture became an beautiful picture, regardless of input.In the meantime, however, she asked me to help her find an HDTV that was of a higher quality, so I started doing my research, online.  My research lead me, basically, to Sony and Samsung.  I was looking at the Samsung LN40D550, which is 60Hz, and I thought it was going to be "the one". I compared it to a similar Sony, at Walmart, (Side-by-Side) and the Sony seemed to have a duller picture (which I later found out was completely due the user changeable settings on the TV, such as brightness, and color).  I brought her down to WM to see both TVs and she didn't like how both of them seemed blurry during sports action scenes, such as a football game.  Then, just by chance, she noticed another Samsung (the LN40D630) which had a 120Hz refresh rate... and that CHANGED EVERYTHING! She and I both noticed that the same sports scenes, which seemed blurry on the Sony and Samsung "60Hz" TVs, were almost perfectly clear on the "120Hz" Samsung LN40D630.  We both started honing-in on this TV as the best of the 40 inch TVs we'd seen (putting LED's aside).  The price was either $648 or $698 at WM... then I found the same TV at Amazon for $598.  Wow, a whole $50 to $100 savings... plus by not buying it locally, we didn't have to pay 6% State sales tax... and by using my Amazon Prime account, I could get free shipping or pay $4 to have it delivered "next day".In the end, we bought the Samsung LN40D630 through Amazon and had it delivered next day, and it arrived exactly when it was supposed to.  She loves this TV!  The picture is amazing!  The sound sounds exactly as it should (like a TV).  I've heard others complain about the sound on just about every HDTV out there, including this one, but in reality the sound is perfect, unless you are a spoiled Home Theater brat, in which case you need only connect your external sound system to the TV.Here are the facets which prompted my friend to buy this TV:High Resolution, Ultra Clear, PictureNo motion blurring during Fast Action (such as sports scenes)Swivel StandBacklit Remote ControlSamsung's quality reputation and Positive owner reviews of this TVand the old adage:  You Get What You Pay ForWords of Wisdom:Don't buy a TV, and then return it, until you have set it up properly.I bought a 42 inch Sharp HDTV once, and was ready to return it because I couldn't get it to turn on and show a picture.  The TV just had some default message displayed on the screen, but I couldn't get it to show any channels, and no DVD, and would display nothing when hooked to my computer.  I pressed every button on the remote (Including the Up, Down, and Side arrow Keys)and nothing would work. I was ready to pack it up and send it back to Dell when I decided to try the remote again, AND I FOUND A SINGLE BUTTON WHICH ESSENTIALLY brought the TV to life and allowed me to select an input.  I was thinking "what f-ing idiots the Sharp engineers were to design a TV which, fresh out of the box, would seem defective to the average owner/user.And remember what I said about my friend buying the Emerson TV and was ready to take it back to WM and get her money back, because she thought the picture was of poor quality, when in fact, after she learned how to use the remote to give the TV the correct settings, the picture went from poor to fantastic (on regular Cable TV, HD Cable TV, and DVD).  By the way, although she bought the new Samsung LN40D630, she decided to keep the Emerson TV as a backup TV, which made me happy because I hate it when people buy stuff and then exploit the customer-friendly return policies of some merchants to return items simply because of a change of heart, impatience, or lack of common sense.