First of all, this is the second TV I've purchased from Amazon.com and both times has been great in regards to shipping and packaging.  I ordered this on 3/3/10 and received it the next day for only $3.99 more because I signed up for the Amazon Prime trial membership.  Hard to say if I'll keep Prime but it is worth it if you do a lot of stuff with Amazon (free two-day delivery on anything you buy is pretty sweet).  Anywho, this TV was just what I needed in the bedroom.  I knew I wanted a 32" LCD and didn't care too much about all the bells and whistles as that's what the Samsung LN52A750 in the living room is all about.  When looking for the most inexpensive 32" LCD's on Amazon I found this Proscan model.  Not only did it appear to be the cheapest 32" LCD, it was also 1080p which was icing on the cake.  I pulled the trigger and got the TV the next day at my doorstep.  Any competent person can take the TV out of the box and put it on the stand that comes with it in about 1 minute (there are 4 screws that attach to the base).  I hooked it up and ran a standard-def DirecTV receiver into it and was good to go in a matter of minutes.  The picture on SD through this TV isn't awesome but it isn't the TV's fault.  It's not bad either...the picture was what I expected.  Not to be content, however, I ran in the living room and took the PS3 off the main TV and went HDMI from it into the Proscan.  The first thing I did was pop in the Netflix streaming disc and fire up some LOST (Season 3 Episode 8 to be specific).  The HD picture was very nice!  After watching the entire episode, I played around with some games on the PS3 and they all looked great.  There wasn't any noticable lag while playing, and being a gamer I know how that can be of importance but from my limited gaming so far on this set I'm confident that there won't be anything to worry about.  The sound is OK - again, this isn't my main TV, it's for the bedroom.  I can hear the TV and that's honestly good enough for me.  Another good thing about this TV is the bezel.  I absolutely HATE some of the bezels on the market for some of these LCD's.  I mean, don't they realize people gotta hang this stuff on their walls?  Do you really need an LCD TV bezel that has PANASONIC or SANYO writen in huge white letters across it?  Bleh!  The Proscan is very sleek in it's design IMO.  As just about all LCD's have, this one has the manufacturer's name across the front but it isn't in bold font and doesn't jump out at you every time you walk by it.  So in summary, the picture is good, the sound is fine, the appearance of the TV when off is quite nice.  Overall I'm very pleased to have this in my bedroom and would recommend it to anyone thinking of getting a 32" LCD.