I bought the 59" Samsung D8000 plasma initially based on the glowing reviews it received all over the net. I must admit, the D8000 is a wonderful TV and has it's own advantages over the HX929, but for my preferences I am glad I returned it for the 55 HX929. I wanted to write this review for anyone trying to decide between the two because it would have saved me a little time with my choice if I went with the Sony first.  First off as I mentioned the D8000 is a great TV and I can see why it is rated as the #2 plasma tv on the market today. The reason I returned the D8000 was because of constant flashes in brightness that is on all models of the D8000 plasma. At first I just thought I was imagining something flash, but couldn't discern what it was. After watching any blueray with black borders it was easy to see it was the brightness that was changing. The entire screen brightness would fluctuate consistently every 20 seconds or so and it began to drive me mad. I started getting a nervous pain in my stomach every time I was watching a movie with friends and they would point out the brightness issue that I had already noticed myself. Some movie scenes also looked a bit too dim at times even after I adjusted the user calibration settings to those listed on the avs forums. I finally had to return the tv after reading that there was no way to fix the fluctuations as of yet on the Samsung. The Panasonic VT30 also has this issue apparently, but there is a firmware update that resolves it. If Samsung had a firmware update I may have stayed with the tv, but then I would have missed out on the Sony.  I've had the Sony for a week now and have loved it immensely. This TV gives you the ability to adjust the picture settings such that the color can be accurate, but still give a little "pop" to the screen that I absolutely love. If you sit dead center from this TV the blacks are darker than the D8000 and the whites are whiter. I was nervous going from plasma to the sony led, especially after the best buy guys pushed so hard for the plasma, but now that I've had it and have watched movie after movie and sooo many football games (gotta love that NFL Red zone)I couldn't be happier.  I was nervous that the football games would look awful mimicking a flip book, but it hasn't been the case at all. The sony handles motion very well for a led and almost as good as the D8000. The only reason I can tell the D8000 handles motion a little bit better is because of all the games I watched on the plasma. It's a difference so slight you wouldn't be able to tell unless you immediately switched from plasma to led, but after watching 30 minutes on the led you can't tell a difference any more and the games look great. The picture quality between both sets is almost equivalent (I'd give the slightest of edges to the D8000), but the color, the vividness, the black levels, and the "wow" factor both from the overall picture and the physical tv's design (slick, single-pane black screen looks so nice) have to go to the Sony HX929. The only physical tv design I like better than the HX929 is the 55" D8000 LED design with the near-borderless frame, but Sony's design is definitely my next favorite.  To sum it up exchanging the D8000 plasma for the Sony XBR55HX929 was the best thing I could have done. As much as I liked the Samsung, I looove the 929 even more and would gladly give up the 4" in screen size over the picture the 929 is capable of producing. For those of you teetering on the edge, this is by far the best led on the market today (aside from the Sharp Elite that is ~2.7k more than the Sony, but the difference between the sets is not worth the 2.7k price difference) and you should pick it up today.  I've done a lot of homework around which TVs to choose and hopefully this review helps some of you with some questions you may have had. Enjoy!