I had my apprehensions about this model due to the mixed reviews I read from various review sites but when I saw this unit on sale during some Holiday web promotion with free shipping I ended up pulling the trigger and I'm quite satisfied and pleased with my purchase and would like to address some of the criticisms I've read on this unit which need some clarification:Picture / Image Quality:  Much better than I expected.  A lot of the criticism pointed at the limited controls but I found the existing controls more than adequate for adjusting the picture for personal taste.  If you end up hooking this LCD up as a computer monitor, then you don't even have to deal with the built-in controls if your graphics card or PC has its own image adjustment and color correction.1080p resolution:  Read a few reviews that say this only plays in 720p using media connect which is only true if you are connecting via wi-fi or using the VGA PC port.  If your computer supports HDMI out then you get full 1080p and no issues with Blu-Ray playback and I'm currently running it at max native resolution of 1920 x 1080 using the onboard HDMI video that is supported by the HD 4000 graphics built into my Core i7 processor.  I have 2 other monitors that are using my dedicated (discreet) Nvidia card.  Extremely impressed by how the Intel 4000 graphics is handling the Philips LCD.DLNA - This LCD is DLNA capable.  Whether this was made possible through the latest firmware update, I'm not sure but it's not made mention of on many product specs or descriptions.  I'm able to access all Shared folders on my Win7 Home network and able to use Windows Media Center streaming capabilities to have my PC control and send content directly to the Philips.SMART TV Capability - Not so impressed with how the controls work for Netflix and Youtube.  RW & FF through content is a pain and there is a noticeable delay in response times when using the remote controls.  If the main reason you want to buy this LCD is for the Smart TV apps then you're better off getting a regular LCD with great image quality and buying a ROKU or hooking it up via HDMI to a PC that you can watch Netflix or Amazon video in from a web-browser and just get yourself a wireless keyboard with trackball.  After plodding around trying to browse content on Youtube and Netflix and then dealing with the horribly slow FF & RW I ended up just switching to my PC HDMI input when I want to watch streaming video.  No Amazon video which sucks but I don't see why they can't add it later on with a firmware update - in fact, this set originally didn't have Youtube and now it does.  Has a ton of HD video podcast channels from sources that I've not seen on any other Smart TV or add-on box but with the same control issues as mentioned before - some you are forced to watch the entire thing from beginning to end.Overall, if you can get this thing for under $400 then why not?  Picture is great, I like the nice solid body and stand (this model being standard LCD and not a thin LED) and the PC and media connectivity features are the best part.  If your getting this for the Smart TV features then look to a Samsung or Vizio if  you can spend a little more or do the standard LCD + Roku combo if price is a factor.