I've had the Westinghouse TX-42F430S for a little over three weeks now and am very pleased with the HDTV. I have been thinking of buying a 1080p LCD HDTV for some time now, perhaps as many people have and finally purchased this one and thought to add to the reviews for what it is worth.Many people have expressed the pros and cons, problems, or none, concerns and such, and I thought to try to add to that list, though the list by others is rather exhaustive in some respects.The picture is stunning with 1080i content, and even 720p is impressive as well, the standard 480i is weaker for the most part, but that is to be expected as I suppose, but still watchable if one desires.It has great clarity, loose threads on clothing can be seen, heavy makeup on women, the little bumps, hairs on peoples skin, veins in eyes, mottled appearance of skin, freckles and such, or lack thereof. It's terrific and am very pleased with that.Colors seem true, and the panel itself to the eyes not busy, but quiet, with very little pixel movement on quality feeds and proper lighting.It exhibits great depth of field at times. Good quality photography can bring out a three dimensional feel.Other things: it changes channels rather quickly for digital, appearance is a personal thing, but I like the way it looks,I receive broadcast over the air, so that is all I can comment on, but that is where is supposed to shine anyway.Content such as evening prime time shows in 1080i are very pleasing to watch, The Today show, the Tonight show, and Letterman, Saturday Night live and things of that nature one has to be impressed with the TV.Football has its variations depending on the feed, the cameras used, the stadium and lighting, night games, and such. But overall very pleased and that is just because of the limitations imposed by the conditions, not the TV itself. With poorer feeds there can be some pixeling on long shots, replays and such, but on good feeds, and lighting, and cameras barely noticeable. Overall I would think a sports fan would not be unhappy with this HDTV.Here is something that might be of help to those that have been trying to find a video profile to use that is pleasing, well, pleasing to me at least. I did I take some time to research video profiles, finding one on a review at Cnet, and have modified that video profile, and am pleased with that for most viewing.I took one of the profiles, Game in this instance and modified it as follows. Brightness 55, Contrast 50, Saturation 42, Hue 48, Sharpness 15, Backlight 100, Color Temperature (Neutral), on the next menu (Calibration), Deinterlace (on), 3D Comb Filter (on), Skin Tone 55, Color Temperature (Neutral), Dynamic Contrast (on), Black Adjustment 55, White Adjustment 50, Saturation 42, Hue 48, Sharpness 15, Backlight 100. (By the way the Dynamic Contrast on mine does work.) You can try this if you like, and see if it works for you. I do get deep blacks this way, and people look natural, and scenes in dimly lit areas still come through, it has a very natural look to it, not a punchy look to draw attention like store displays. It's not overly bright for dimly lit rooms, and all this, of course, in my estimation.Others have expressed a weakness with Blacks, after video profiling I have no problems with the blacks not being black enough.Anyway, its late in the game for this model, and I mainly wanted to add the video profile for others that may be looking for one. Enjoy your viewing if you happen to have one, or are thinking about purchasing one.Oh, by the way, this is my sixth Westinghouse LCD Product and have been very pleased with them. Very pleased with customer service as well.