I bought this tv to replace my Sony 52" XBR4 (Which was great when it first came out) becuase I wanted the new 3D technology as well as well as a good HD TV. This is my first Plasma TV. I have 4 other LCD TVs that work great but I was really impressed witht he picture of the Plasma. The black are definately blacker than my LCDs. For a general HD TV it has the best picture out of all my TVs and it is also one of the best I have seen on the market. The internet on the TV is pretty good. It was easy to set up. I am using it directly connected to my router so it is wired. I did not fell like paying $80 extra dollars for the wireless adapter plus I had a Gigaswitch located in my rack that was easy to run a cable. The apps for the internet were quite responsice to my surprise. I though there would be a long lag time but that was not so. You have access to sports scores, weather, YouTube and Netflix just to name a few. I did notice a buzzing noise at first as mentioned in other reviews but it was only there when I initially installed it and now it its no longer there.Now onto the 3D. I demoed it at the store and I was pretty impressed. It was on a 47" or 52" LCD I think. It was not until I got the 63" in my house that I was blown away. The 3D on the plasma was so much better. The picture just looked like it was going to pop right off the screen. I was really impressed with the 2D to 3D function of this tv. It actually works. It may not be the best but it works quite well. Yes you do look silly wearing the glasses but they felt really comfortable. I wear glasses and the 3D glasses fit right over them nicely. I did not get dizzy or get any headaches.I wanted to clarify some information about setting up a 3D system. when going to some stores i was given some wrong information. I was told that I would need to buy all the same brands for all the equipment needed. So I would need to buy the Samsung TV, Glasses and Blu-ray player. I knew that I need the TV and the Glasses to be the same but the Blu-ray player does not. I wanted to purchase the Panasonic Blu-ray player becuase it had the duel HDMI ports on it so that I would not have to upgrade to a receiver that has HDMI 1.4 to get the HD audio. I did purchase the Panasonic blu-ray and it works just fine. This is the way to go if you have an older Reciever with HDMI Switching and you want to get Dolby Digital HD and DTS Master Audio HD from your Blu-ray player.I would definately recommend it to anyone.