I did extensive review before I purchased this TV. Ultimately decided on this because it was rated one of the top TV's of 2011 by cnet reviews. 4 stars instead of 5 because of noticeable brightness fluctuations. Other than that, this TV produces an astonishing picture!Pro's- OUTSTANDING picture, I can't rave enough on how excellent the picture is on this set. One of the best I've seen. Incredible black levels, contrast, and picture sharpness. It will blow you away.- Black levels. This TV has incredible deep, dark black levels, producing an amazingly crisp picture. Simply phenomenal.- For a plasma, this screen produces very little glare compared to most. I have eastern facing windows which flood my living room with light (directly on the TV at times) but the TV is still very watchable during peak sun (noonish). Especially compared to other plasma's.- Samsung has resolved pealing issues! Only if you receive an old set might you come across this issue, if you do have this issue, to my knowledge, Samsung will correct the problem.Con's- Buzzing can be noticeable when TV is on mute; however the buzzing is only noticeable in one particular spot, literally only noticeable when you sit in one seat in my living room. After a few weeks of watching the TV, I tuned it out and didn't notice it any more. I believe if I mounted this TV the buzzing would not have been noticeable; in the one seat that I could hear it, if I moved my head 2 feet above, below, or to the side, I couldn't hear the buzzing any more... the frequencies must have been just perfect due to the geometries of my room and the TV that they converged exactly in that area to produce a noticeable buzz (I confirmed this with about 3 different people).- Brightness fluctuations (for lack of a better word). This seemed to happen less after a few weeks of use, but happened most frequently when streaming Netflix (and almost not at all during 3D content). My roommate noticed these fluctuations less than I did, but I noticed almost every fluctuation which is best described as the entire screen brightening slightly, or dimming slightly. THAT SAID, I have since exchanged this TV for an LG PZ550 which does a very similar brightness change, but gradually.. whereas the Samsung which changes in a split second. Both the LG and Samsung brightness changes are very noticeable. (Currently researching to see if LG's brightness fluctuations can be prevented by changing the settings... the Samsung fluctuations can not be stopped by altering TV settings)All that said, I never noticed a brightness fluctuation in game mode... weird.3D - I'm no expert, true 3D content was great. 2D to 3D conversion adds depth to the picture, but you won't see stuff coming out of the screen like some true 3D content. After weeks of use, I found myself rarely using the option.Summary- If you can deal with occasional picture brightness fluctuations, and want to run the risk of hearing a buzz, you will be rewarded with one of the best pictures a plasma TV can offer.Since I have exchanged this TV for the LG PZ550 I can definitely tell difference in picture qualities, with the Samsung being superior. BUT with an extra $500 in my pocket, I'll settle with the LG's glare, and slightly inferior picture.