I bought the Panasonic Viera P65T30 in December of 2011 as a replacement for a 3-1/2 year old 52-inch Toshiba LCD TV in my bedroom. I went with plasma because between plasma and LCD, plasma looks smoother and more realistic to my eye, and the darks are darker. The latter was an issue with the Toshiba LCD in my bedroom: it literally lit up the room because the dark tones were not really dark. The  2007 vintage Toshiba was also a veritable space heater, and I hoped that newer TVs would be more power-efficient.I decided on the Panasonic ST30 initially because Panasonic offered a 3D-ready 65-inch Plasma model that was reasonably priced. I initially leaned towards a less expensive 60-inch S34 model that CostCo has at a great price, but that model was not 3D ready, and reviews suggested that the ST series also uses a higher quality screen. As for pricing, what I found on Amazon was by far the best deal. Best price AND free shipping cannot be beat (CostCo wanted almost $100 just to ship). The crew even carried it upstairs and set it up.How do I like it? The 65-inch screen is gratifyingly large compared to the 52-inch I had before. Picture quality is very good, especially with 1080p Blu-Ray movies, video games and such. With standard satellite HDTV, you can at times see that the same 1920 x 1080 pixels are stretched over a much larger screen, making the picture seem softer and lacking the trademark HDTV super-sharpness (which, I suspect, will be the marketing reason for switching to 3840 x 2160 when that becomes available). Overall, the picture is excellent, though the blacks are not as pitch-black as I had expected. Sound is quite good considering there really is no room for speakers in these super-thin new flatscreens.Speaking of size and weight, the 65-inch Pana flatscreen is amazingly thin. Not waver-thin, but very thin, like two inches or so. However, it does weigh over a hundred pounds and the box is large, so don't think because you can carry a 37-inch box under your arm and pop it in the backseat of your car, you can do the same with a 65-incher. You can't.As for 3D, the P65ST30 is ready for active 3D but doesn't come with glasses. I bought two sets of XPand X103 universal 3D glasses that work great. Problem really is that there is virtually no 3D content. The couple of 3D Blu-Rays I bought are eye-poppingly gorgeous on the big Pana, and some scuba video we recorded with a GoPro 3D camera setup looks absolutely stunning on this TV (the built-in media player had no problem reading it from the unit's SDHC card reader). There's a setting to make regular TV look 3D, but while it sort of works, it's reaching and I can't see anyone put on the glasses just to see a bit of depth on regular TV.Another difference, btw, between the S30 and ST30 Series is that the latter has wireless WiFi in the form of a WiFi USB stick. I ended up not using it because it couldn't find my home network and so I just used a LAN wire instead.Smart TV is all the rage, and for that the TC-P65ST30 has Panasonic Viera Apps. There's even a Viera app store where you can download additional apps. I used the apps to watch Netflix movies, Vimeo, listen to Pandora, etc., etc. It's a handy thing to have, though the Viera interface is a bit sluggish.Overall, I am totally happy with the Panasonic TC-P65ST30 plasma TV, and Amazon certainly aced it with price and the free delivery. It's a huge step up in viewing experience and pleasure from my old 2007 LCD. Three years from now, it'll likely be obsolete as we'll have 3840 x 2160 resolution, full smart TV, and likely 3D without glasses (I can't see 3D really catching on with glasses), but for now this TV is exactly what I want and need.