Note: I would have given this TV 4.5 stars if I had the option, but decided to round up.Pros:*Amazing value for the price!!!*Easy to set up (the TV walks you through step-by-step how to set it up and it only takes a few minutes)*Crisp, clear picture*Streams movies/TV shows on Netflix, Amazon Prime, Hulu Plus, etc, all pretty quickly and easily.*Easy to change the picture settings for viewing movies, video games, etc*2D to 3D conversion capability (with glasses included) is nice to have, but I can't say that I ever take advantage of this feature*Seems to be pretty reliable after more than 3 months of daily useCons:*Really the only con for me is the not-so-responsive remote control (see below for more details).Overview:I would definitely recommend purchasing this TV: it's a great value, has held up over some time, and has a lot of great features. This is the first time I've used a TV with internet capabilities and I was really impressed both by how easy it was to set up and how reliable it's been.I mostly use the TV to stream Netflix movies and television shows and I'm really happy with this feature. Netflix maintains an instant queue of programs you've recently viewed, so it's easy to pick up where you left off in your favorite TV shows or movies. If I were to be picky, though, I would say that the Netflix application (which I use most frequently of all of the features) leaves some things to be desired. It doesn't seem to have some of the same functionality as using Netflix on my computer and it can be rather slow to search for new movies/programs. However, I really don't see this as a major downside and it might be true of all "Smart TVs".Really the only downside about this TV is the remote control. It can be very unresponsive and frustrating at times. I'll push a button over and over again without the TV responding. This doesn't seem to be a problem with the TV itself, but rather that the remote has to be aimed in a very particular direction for the signal to go through. The remote has an alphanumeric keyboard on the back, which you need for setting up your internet connection (the first time you set up the TV) and also for searching for programs on Netflix/Hulu/Amazon Prime. But this keyboard can be frustratingly slow when you have to aim the remote so precisely for it to work. I suppose I could get a universal remote control but I haven't looked into this option. I assume that it might be hard to find one that has a keyboard on it, but I've also seen that some tablets (like the Samsung Galaxy) can also function as universal remotes, so that's another potential solution. All in all, the remote control is annoying but compared to the amazing price of the TV and how satisfied I've been with all of the features, the problem with the control is not a big enough issue for me to take a star off of my rating.