Like most people on amazon, I researched tv's for months and months and i actually decided on the ln46a550 initially because it was more in my price range.  The price of the ln46a650 dropped significantly since then (and continues to do so) so i returned the other one and purchased this one.  I noticed a few key important upgrades.  First of all sound. Yes, i have a surround sound (a very expensive surround sound, almost as much as the tv) but certain things i listen through the tv speakers and i have to say on the 550 it was absolutely horrible and i couldn't do it.  This is not the case with the 650....believe it or not im actually listening to music on it and its very tolerable.  If you plan to never use these speakers (i didn't plan on it initially) then ignore that upgrade.  The next upgrade is on standard definition cable tv.  On the 550 SD cable looked pretty much horrible and surprisingly quite good on the 650.  If i wasn't familiar with HD components ( blu ray, HD DVD, HD cable....etc.) i would think it was High def cable.  simply put i have to complaints there and actually am not very inclined to get HD cable because it's almost not necessary.  The 120 hz AMP is interesting.  I definitely agree with other people that this feature can be good and bad.  If you walk into Circuit city, they will automatically tell you about it and make it seem like it is a "must have" but i would beg to differ.  Don't get me wrong, on certain things it is amazing but on regular movies....i could go without it sometimes.  Motion is very fluid and smooth.  For example, i watched alvin and the chipmunks with the demo 120 hz which means half the screem had it on and half off.  a girl jogged across the screen and on the off side it was choppy.  On the "on" side the motion was extremely smooth flowing and not choppy at all...BUT....as others have stated it makes everything look too smooth.  characters look almost computer generated by the way they move.  I have a ps3 and so all the movies i watch are blu ray ( which looks absolutely incredible on this tv) and i also play a lot of games.  this is where the 120 hz shines.  COD4 looks and feels awesome.  motion is fluid and because everything is computer generated to begin with....it just makes it all that much better.  You have the option of off, low, medium, and high, so you arent stuck with something...its all up to your discretion but im not totally sold on that technology yet. and just for the record....movies that are all CG take advantage of 120 hz because it acts just like ps3 games.  SO if you are stuck between this and the 550.....i would say it really all depends on how much you want to spend.  If you can go a little bit more than you would like, definitely go with the 650 but if you are on a tighter budget, i promise the 550 will blow you away too.  both are GREAT tv's and i would highly recommend both of them.  look at the bright side, this is pretty much a win win situation :)