Look.. all the top TVs from Samsung, Sony, Pana etc.. are all so close in picture quality that you will absolutely not go wrong with any of them. So what sets them apart... the extra features and how useful they are.I was replacing my old Panasonic $5K 42" plasma bought about 7 years back. Its going to the bed room.  So I first tried the Samsung LN52B750.. amazing picture quality.. yup its better than even this Sony 52W5100 . Now, in todays age, you expect very good pic quality in every TV. So what are you looking for in the TV today, extra features, internet connectivity, ability to stream pics, video from your computer ( DLNA) , Netflix, Blockbuster connectivity for movie streaming etc.  But I was very upset with the extras on the Samsung. The response on the remote was slugggggish and slooooow. I had to press some keys like 3 times before I can get it to work. I was getting pissed. I went to the store, talked to Samsung. They kept on saying, pic quality  yada yada yada. I told them.. guys, I am buying a $1700 TV for just pic quality but much more. I got the Samsung for $1700 with a free Samsung blu ray player ( $200 worth).So I started reading all the reviews more carefully on the other stuff apart from picture quality. Sony W5100 had decent reviews on pic quality and good reviews on its other features. So when I went back to frys..They had 52W5100 for $1299. I saw the 40" model on display and thought.. what the heck let me try this out.So I bought this TV home, but both side by side and turned the TVs on. The Samsung  picture contrast was better.. but Sonys was nothing to sneeze either. It was pretty darn good. Compared with the fact that the screen was a matt finish instead of the glossy Samsung, the extra contrast on Samsung was required to fight all the ambient light. Sony with its regular "Standard " factory setting and matt finish gave me very similar quality picture.Now for the other features. All of these required a wired ethernet connection to the TV on the back.You Tube was fantastic on Sony. I think it was fully featured.You Tube was horrible on Samsung. Search missed the videos I had uploaded. Its a yahoo widget and is scaled down version...Sony had a streaming video option. It was great.Samsung-- streaming huh what ?Sony's yahoo widgets were less but all of them worked fast...15-20 seconds tops.Samsung had more yahoo widgets but none of them worked fast enough. It took about 1.5 mins for some them to load... darn slow.....Samsung has the blockbuster yahoo widget.. Pretty cool. I am a block buster customer.Sony promises to get the netflix streaming option pretty soon. I am waiting for that. I am confident that Sony and NEtflix will get a very good version of it.Yet to try the DLNA on SonySamsung DLNA software crashed the computer twice but it worked.. But the pictures loaded very slow 18 painful seconds between each picture. Com'on I have a gigabit connnection.Today morning I was woken up by some very old Indian Classical music. I knew we did not have a CD or mp3 of that music. So I slowly worked my way to the living room from the bed room and guess what i saw. My wife on youtube surfing from the TV.She tried on the Samsung and gave up in 10 seconds..Now I know I have a winner with me... Wife approved the TV. The tough part... I am going to have to go to my old Panasonic in the bedroom since this is wife friendly.Damn... you just can't win.... can you ?