I was in the market for an LED-LCD TV last month and instead ended up buying this TV after being amazed by its picture quality at a local store. Later on I also checked Amazon reviews and found out that this TV is one of the two top favorite choices among people looking for Plasma TVs. Most other reviews are very helpful already so I just briefly talk about what I was concerned about before buying and what I think now:I was extremely concerned about image burn-in before I bought the TV -- hence planning to buy an LED TV originally. I followed every step I found out there on the Internet to make sure the first few hundred hours would go smoothly until the TV phosphors "settle". Needless to say, I ended up pausing my DVR on a screen with the intention of resuming it shortly, and then I forgot to do so! I was very upset with myself to see that I caused the TV to retain the image when I finally resumed after 1 hour. However, even at that early stage, it only took about half an hour to an hour of watching TV to wipe the retained shadows. Now after watching TV for more than a month, even in the worst cases of image retention, the "scroll" screen provided with this TV will wipe everything in a matter of 10-15 minutes. "Image burn-in" nevertheless may still occur but since I'm careful not to watch the same channel with a banner on the bottom or dark sides every day for a week or so, I'm not worried about that anymore. I'm finally starting to enjoy my TV rather than constantly being scared of the flaws.Some other notable things: Apps are good but there are so many options nowadays for Netflix and YouTube (like XBOX 360 console or most BD players) that I rarely use the TV's apps. Any App that requires user input is a pain because of the phone-like on-screen keyboard (2= ABC, 3= DEF, ...). The ability to download and update the TV's firmware over the Internet is superb and played a major part in my decision to buy this TV. Sound is decent, but I ran everything through my AV Receiver anyhow. Yes there is a humming sound and yes the TV gets warm but these are not deal breakers for me at all. 3D is the best out there (not the technology but the 600Hz refresh rate, which makes it much smoother and more tolerable than 240Hz LED TVs) but I didn't buy this TV because of its 3D capabilities, rather for the picture quality.The only thing I'm not quite sure if I like with this TV is that all the TV series that I love now look like Soap Operas! The picture is so clear and sharp -- and it may have something to do with the refresh rate as well -- that my favorite drama series don't feel the same way they used to; actors seem to "jump out of the screen" into the living room. This is true even with all edge and sharpness enhancements off.Bottom line: After a month of using this TV, I would buy this TV again and I would definitely recommend it to my friends.June 2011 Update---------------I have had the pleasure of using this TV for 8 months now. I followed the settings mentioned in a link under the first comment to this review and the picture quality is better than ever. Image retention is not a problem at all: I watch hours of old SD sitcoms from Netflix online, pause for half and hour or so, and then just use the scrolling feature and after about 5 minutes the screen looks clean and without dark spots. I have also watched 3D on Panasonic P50VT25 which is a pretty decent 3D TV but personally I prefer the colors on my Samsung better especially after calibration. After 8 months, given the choice I would buy this TV again.