There are tons of reviews on the picture quality of this TV (Which is pretty good) so I wanted to focus on the Samsung Apps and internet@Tv which is the main reason I bought this TV.  I don't watch much TV so I do not have cable or DirectTV but I do get about 14 channels over the air which is fine for me.  I spend a fair amount of time online though so when I got everything hooked up the first thing I did was start messing with the Samsung apps. I used a wired connection and I had no problems getting online.  When you first connect it downloads all the Samsung apps and updates the TV. After that you have to create an account at [...] and sign in on your TV.  It's extremely clunky having to type in your username and password and I spent about an hour trying to get it connected. Every time I entered my username and password on the TV it would say it was invalid.  Once I realized I had to register the physical TV with Samsung (Write down your serial number before you put it on the wall) it connected no problem.  It doesn't say that anywhere on the Samsung site which was kind of frustrating. After you get the TV registered you can use the Samsung apps.  The most of the apps themselves are very disappointing.  The AP News ticker is a cool idea and it works but it's kind of pointless. Google maps is kind of clunky to use and you can't search on it. The weather is pointless for me since you have to select from a list of cities and mine wasn't on there. Then there's Pandora and Netflix.  These apps were the reason I bought the TV and they don't disappoint.  With netflix the quality is awesome and the controls are intuitive. You add your movie into the instant queue from a computer (No browsing netflix from your TV which is kind of nice because typing would is frustrating on a remote) and when you get to your TV you just press play.  I watched a couple streaming "HD" movies (streaming movies aren't close to bit rates of normal HD DVDs) and it looked extremely good.  Pandora is awesome as well.  It ties into your pandora account and you just fire up the app and hit play.  As other reviews state the sound quality of this TV isn't the best but it's not terrible.  It feels like Samsung is trying to create a iPhone or Android type market place but they have a LONG ways to go.  As it stands right now there are maybe 30 apps and most of them are pretty pointless. Hopefully they can develop this technology even more.  A browser on the TV would be the ultimate. So in closing if you're looking for a thin LED TV with a good picture and want to stream netflix and pandora at a reasonable price this TV is yours.