I purchased this 64" Plasma TV about a month ago , and I must say that considering the price (Even W/O taking the price into consideration) I have been extremely satisfied. I consider myself a picky electronics customer , proven by the fact that I purchased two other HDTV's within a two week period prior to getting this one. I had purchased the Panasonic 60" GT30 Plasma , I was pretty satisfied with the quality of picture on the Pani , but I felt that it Buzzed too loud and gave off an inordinate amount of heat , you could feel the heat about four or five feet away , as far as the buzzing it was particularly loud while changing channels. The main reason I returned it to the local retailer I had purchased it from was because I saw the same TV on Amazon for about 220.00 dollars less than I paid and considering No Tax ( About 130.00) and free delivery , I felt it was a no brainer. However when I returned the TV , I went inside the store and they had the Samsung 8000 LED with two glasses for 1800.00 , this particular TV was going for about 2200.00 online and since it had the capability to display film in the infamous " Soap Opera " effect ( Which I kinda like ) , I went with this TV. However when I got home and hooked it up , I was not thrilled , the images (Mostly watching Sports) on LED/LCD suffer from inaccurate representation in the moving image , to me, compared to plasma it often looks like what Standard Def. looks on a HDTV.I have a Pani Plasma in the Master BR, I compared the image from a soccer match by going from the LED to the Plasma and could easily see the difference ( While watching football on instant replays the feet and legs of the players looked like a cartoon , like when the feet are trying to move but they don't make any forward progress) , another thing I did not like was the viewing angle on the LED , it just does not compare to the Plasma, the quality of the image would lose it's POP and the picture would be significantly duller.So I returned the LED and went in the store again , I had read the reviews on the 64" Samsung Plasma and felt it was worth a try. However this particular store had the TV for 1900.00 and online it was available for about 1675.00, plus the local retailer would not match, so I had to buy it online. I tracked the delivery through the carriers (Pilot) tracking system online and when it made it to Miami , I went to pick it up myself instead of having them deliver to my house ( I have heard some horror stories.....), I inspected the TV before signing and "sped" home after it passed the quick inspection. Got home, mounted the Beast and was completely impressed from the beginning. I have DirecTV with HDMI connections and a Samsung Blue Ray player , plus I have an OnKyo Surround Sound sys. The TV has an internet connection and my stepson can see YouTube Videos streamed from his SmartPhone (Samsung) and my wife can as well (IPhone), I have an External HD connected that has movies and the TV recognized the different formats right way and played most of the movies  W/O any issues , it did not play a couple of the movies , but I do not really know why , maybe these particular files (Movies) had a slightly different file format that the TV did not recognize. I have not tried the All Share which is basically, DLNA , here is a link on setting it up : [...]. The TV buzzes, but not to the point that it bothers anybody in the house and it does get warm , not hot, also nothing to diminish your overall satisfaction. The TV can also do a milder version of the "Soap Opera" effect through the Blue Ray player and adjusting the settings to Cinema Smooth in the picture options. Your blue ray player must be able to transmit 1080P @ 24HZ and your movies will display in a milder than LED version of the soap opera effect. DirectTV on some of their Pay-Per-View can also transmit @ 1080P @ 24HZ.Finally the 3D is pretty nice , DirecTV has 3 free 3d channels and I beleive one PPV 3D channel.My stepson likes the 2D to 3D better than the actual 3D content , the glasses are inexpensive (Like 25.00) and light. In conclusion, the entire family loves the TV and take it  from a picky guy, sports look unbelievable, movies looks awesome and in general I highly recommend this beautiful TV. PS the quality of the sound is also pretty good .