You can not have it all. Once I said this I have to say that this set is well worthy its price, specially if you are into stereoscopic (3D) quest. That thing about huge ghosting I can bet is because that person is very close to the TV (3ft to 5ft) so if you are that close, small variations in your position/alignment to TV would produce ghosting because at short distance the angle of view increase when you move compared to your distance to it when is longer. However, by keeping certain distance from TV would reduce the ghosting effect if you move. I also have the 47" version of the TV ad obviously size help but the mechanics behind ghosting effect is the same. Obviously,with 47" you can keep further away from TV without suffering lost in detail and helping better to avoid ghosting. Since this TV is based on passive technology when you use it as a PC monitor you might feel a little awkward by perceiving tiny lines (division) between each row, it gets bad when you are in 3D mode on and trying to read regular text like for instance from a browser. Now for stereoscopic game I have to say that this is a very cheap solution considering screen size, cost of glasses and the fact that you do not need to invest in technology/parts for your computer. Nevertheless you still need to spend some dollars in your 3D driver/software, for instance Tridef (DDD). Yes, there is input lag on this SET when using as a PC monitor, I am not sure if that also happens via RGB since I have not used it that much. So it is not very recommendable to use it for multiplayer online gaming, specially if you are in competitive mode, even though still is playable I would dare to say that this input lag would equal something around 200ms which is not catastrophic neither recommendable. This happen even in GAME mode ON. One thing that I noticed on gaming (not online) is that the surround sound of this TV is great. I usually play with 5.1 Psyko Carbon headset but they are big and heavy so when I get tired and do not want to use my 5.1 receiver I switch to TV speakers on surround mode and the effect like i said is great. Do not expect a big punch or bass I am just talking about the 5.1 simulation. I also use it with two more 27" monitors for Eyefinity set up. If you align them at the right distance you can keep the same screen ratio, like they were the same size. Since this is not a PC monitor I needed to tweak a lot my monitors to compensate color variation so you can still see some difference in Eyefinity mode but not too much for complaining. IMO the only cons is that most of the time you will not play in multiplayer with this set. For 3D movies is very good, on normal mode it would have been nicer for this TV to be a 120hz set.