Just got the television delivered yesterday and I am VERY PLEASED with the TV and the overall experience.I had worries about ordering such a $$$ item from Amazon, but the delivery/setup experience was a BREEZE.  I dont expect to have to return the set, but I have 30 days no questions if I feel the need.  One thing about the delivery is that I selected a different time than the default.  In speaking to the shippers, they told me that they dont get the schedule updates so it seems the delivery default is from 11-3pm.  No problem, but something good to know.  The delivery company (CEVA) was responsive, called before their arrival and setup/powered on the unit.  Very good experience.Now the TV.  Perhaps it is such a jump from my old 4:3 53" RP Sony, but the picture is just beautiful.  The pictures are sharp, vibrant and really pop off of the screen.  I used the PIP feature of the TV, and it "seems" that I can only get network out of the PIP rather than from the dish (which makes sense because there is only one output from the receiver to the TV).  I found the Samsung E-Manual to be very annoying and cumbersome to use on the TV.  Clearly they are trying not to print paper, but the one time I actually READ the manual is when I first get the TV so the learning curve is longer because I have to page through the manual via the TV (but I believe that Samsung will allow you to download one).The TV stand does look like the Cylon Base Star, but it works.  It is heavy, made of metal and I do not notice it when watching TV.  The screed DOES WOBBLE when on the stand, but I am more than confident it wont simply fall over because of it.The TV remote takes a little getting used to, but it works well when typing in searches and surfing the net via the TV.  Its not a full blown browser, but it does display the sites I normally visit quite nicely.The biggest challenge I had was setting up Netflix.  When I would fire up the application via the SmartHub on the TV, it would say "Not connected to the internet" (when I CLEARLY was attached to the internet).  Called Samsung, they said if internet is working then it is Netflix problem.  Called Netflix and they said my bandwidth was too low to stream a movie (even though every other device streams JUST FINE).  Netflix said to call my cable operator.  In the end, I physically needed to UNPLUG the TV for 30 seconds and then replug it back in.  This is a hard reset and from that point, the Netflix application was able to register and stream movies without issue.Looking forward to seeing some sports on this TV.  I am very happy with the purchase.  I have not seen the fluctuating black issue and there isnt a peeling of the protective coating (but I will continue to watch both very closely.)I was considering the 70" Sharp, the 65" Panasonic VT30 and the 64" Samsung PN64D8000.  So far, very happy with the purchase.