Wish I could write a real review of this KDL-46XBR4, but since it stopped working after three hours of arrival at my home, I can't.  I didn't even get to finish setting it all up. Good reviews overall, but if you aren't lucky, you're in for a world of hurt.  This is day 34 since the television arrived, and there is still no resolution to the problem.  First I was given two service tech firms to contact.  Neither do home warranty in my area.  One even laughed at me and told me that they'd look at it if I brought it to them.  Imagine that, me in a compact sedan with a 46" diagonal HDTV television in the back seat. Yeah, right. Sony then directed me to a third firm.  An appointment was made for nearly two weeks in the future, and they only come out on a Tuesday, so I had to take that and take time off work.  Tech guy diagnosed the problem as three - yes, three! - bad circuit boards.  He made a return appointment for, yep, two weeks in the future when the parts would have arrived.  He suggested, however, on the q.t. that I urge Sony to take the set back.  What more might be wrong, he wondered.  So I began to pursue that while keeping active the appointment for the next service call, with the hope that one or the other would happen first.  Nope, about a day before the new appointment for service, I had a call saying that the parts were unavailable, but they would call me when they could be.  When might that be?  Well, the earliest they could be available, but no guarantees, might be two more weeks.  Again, I asked Sony to replace the set.  "Oh, sir, we're so sorry about your (note: "your") problem.  But we can't do that."  Why?  "I don't know.  You'll have to call the X department for that information."  Again, more waiting, no calls back, no information. On the 30th day since the set arrived, I phoned and started demanding that a return merchandise authorization be provided me and I would at my own expense send the set back to Sony.  "Can you tell me what the problem is?"  Again, went through the whole drama (by this time I have an official complaint file).  Next call on day 32: "Sir, you can't get an RMA since you have had the television for more than 30 days." I popped another high blood pressure pill. Finally, "We'll send you an email within the next 24 to 48 hours with the information you requested."  "Sir, does this resolve your issue with Sony?" Huh??  I replied, "I sure hope so."  So guess what?  No email has arrived.  No RMA has been provided.  No parts are available. Still in Sony customer service hell.  By the way, I asked for the name and address of Sony's USA president, and the customer service person said, "If you sincerely want that information, sir, call X, because I don't have that information in my database."  Unbelievable.  Moral of this story: Don't ever buy from Sony directly (SonyStyle.com), as I did.  If you want to go ahead and spin the roulette wheel, then buy a Sony through a reputable reseller so you can return the television without a hassle.  I've been a loyal, repeat customer of Sony over the years. I know from experience now that Sony couldn't care less.