I have enjoyed my Vizio TV for about 8 months now. I went into the store to buy the Vizio w/out the 3D but after seeing the price I downgraded the LED version to opt out for the LCD 3D just based off the display and features (3D & VIApps).3D & Picture: With the 3D Olympics Channel through my cable provider was nice I felt a little exclusive being one of the few to watch this channel & I have watched a few movies with them & my family has enjoyed both greatly. The glasses are passive so no annoying batteries but still gives a nice 3D effect. I've seen $2,000 Sony 3D tvs and was not impressed to spend that kind of money & it was with glasses that needed batteries. I love the picture & 3D works great to me being that I've never had it before it definitely a nice bonus & is worth it!REMOTE: NOT LIGHTED My only complaint with the remote because it is a nice decent remote and since I have it in my bedroom if it's dark using the remote for the keyboard is probably not going to happen without some lighting added.CAN TAKE SOME ABUSE/BUILD QUALITY: Recently my family were transitioning & my toddler son was acting out, he ended up pouring oil over the TV then again he's poured water & the liquid from the perfume bottles. I lost one cable box already because of it but not this tv. Every time we thought the TV was a goner. Each time we turned it off, turned it over on it's top and let it drain and dry out for about a half a day & each time we would turn on the TV and it would work like nothing ever happened! My husband and I were like "we need to write some reviews" because this TV has shown itself to stand some blows. And one time we had to open the TV with the water incident to get a blow dryer in there and found out the screen was made by LG anyway! I was told in the store that Vizio was made by Sony but all in all it's a great TV no matter who made it.APPS: The apps are great and to my liking and growing every week. You can now watch YouTube Videos, so with that, Pandora, TuneIn Radio, Amazon Instant Videos & Netflix I'm set! My only complaint might be that I had to choose between apps because it would only let me have like 10 or so apps installed.CONS: Then also it does not have full internet which would have also meant that it would have cost more & also the sound/volume probably wouldn't be ideal for a large room.SOUND: We have it in our bedroom so not much noise to compete with & its fine at the middle to low level for us. But we know if we move it to the family room we would need a sound bar or something to enhance the sound over kitchen noise and kiddies etc.OVERALL: With this purchase we are sold with Vizio products! Every time I make an electronics or computer purchase I'm checking Vizio first & based off quality & price I am almost certain they will win everytime! They have found a loyal customer in me!