I do not have a whole lot of experience with HDTV's, so I can only review this TV from a first-timer's perspective. First of all, I love it. It's crazy thin and looks very sexy on my TV stand. However, pretty much anything would have looked better than my old 27" box TV that I upgraded from. I was originally going to go with an LCD, but I could not pass up Amazon's amazing deal they had with this TV, and I wanted to get something I was going to be satisfied with for a long time.Here's what I like:-I thought the four-legged stand the TV comes with looked a little iffy in the pictures, but now that I have the TV, I am very satisfied with it. I don't think this TV is going to be tipping over...ever. It seems more stable than the rectangular-bottomed stand my father-in-law's LCD TV came with.-46" is huge. There's about 8 feet or so between my couch and the TV. However, now that I'm getting used to it (remember, I upgraded from 27"), I think this was the perfect size. I may have been left wanting more if I had gotten smaller. Any bigger and it would have been difficult to watch movies and play FPS's on my 360. My stand is 55" long and the TV fits perfectly on it. There's just the right amount of space on each side of the TV.-The picture is BEAUTIFUL. The blacks are BLACK. If the TV goes black, I can't tell if it's on or off. I am very impressed with the picture and the amount of detail I'm getting. I have it hooked up to an OLD antenna, and it still picks up channels in HD - and they look great! However, my wife isn't loving the fact that now we can see everyone's sweaty, pimply face. It really is almost like looking through a window. The picture is VERY bright. Cartoons look very cool. The colors pop. I love it.-Xbox looks awesome. I have it hooked up with HDMI. I can finally read the writing in Mass Effect 2, hurray! No more squinting! Everything is so crisp. I don't know how I played games before on my old TV. I notice so many more details now.-Blu Ray looks spectacular also. I have watched 300 and The Hangover. Both looked very, very good. I've noticed now when I watch movies, I don't pay as much attention to the story, but rather, pay more attention to all the detail I could never see with my old TV.-Amazon free delivery was awesome. The delivery guy brought it in and did most of the work unpacking it and putting it on the stand for me. I just helped lift it up. He checked it and made sure there were no issues before he had me sign for it.And now, the other stuff about the TV:First of all, TURN OFF THE ECO SENSOR THING. When the room becomes dark it dims itself to a very dark level. It's lame. You don't want that on. I'm glad I can turn it off, so no big complaints.The screen is pretty glossy and dust likes to attach to it. I need to invest in a electrostatic duster or something. You don't want a window pointing at this in the daytime, or else you'll see some big-time glare. Luckily, I don't so I don't have any issues watching at day or night.I was unsuccessful connecting to the internet with the Samsung wireless adapter. However, I'm not a huge fan of my internet provider, so I'm not blaming it on the TV yet. I've only tried once. I was able to get the Blu Ray player connected with no issues though. The wireless adapter is kind of fat, so if you are going to mount with that sweet looking low-profile mount, it may not work so well with the adapter attached.Playing the bright Toy Story 3 game had a lot of choppiness. However, when I turned the game mode on, the choppiness went away for the most part. I did not get any choppiness with Left 4 Dead 2 with the game mode on. I haven't tried with it off yet. I want to though, since I hear game mode can effect the picture quality.