Bought one at my local Frys (for about $40 more than on amazon unfortunately). Hooked it up and there were funky line patterns all over the screen and you could barely see the blue of no signal behind it all. Took it back to store for another and there were no problems on initial start-up.Here's the bad news. My Onkyo blu-ray player when connected to this tv will have HDMI problems. What happens is intermittently every 2-8 minutes when playing the blu-ray in 1080p via HDMI, the picture will go blank but still have sound. I have the same exact problem when playing games on the xbox360 when connected to this tv, but even worse the xbox will do it in 1080i also, and so often in 720p mode.Just for some background, this TV replaced a 3yr old Olevia 1080i 27" 2nd gen refurbished LCD than NEVER had any issues in any playback modes.I solved the problem with the blu-ray playback by setting the output on the blu-ray player to 1080p24 instead of 1080p.However, I have to keep the xbox360 at 720p to minimalize the picture going blank via hdmi connection.Another issue is a few times the TV picture has gone into a power save type of mode, but sound still playing and it takes a power off/on to resolve it.Also, the remote is a total POS. Occasionally you go to turn up the volume and the tv powers off, or the channel will change.Still waiting on an email response from Sigmac support.When I registered the TV on their site, I had a personalized email response in a few days confirming registration and warranty. I also emailed their support immediately after I registered and I still haven't heard from them a week later, so obviously their support is very poor also. I guess it will go back to the store before the 30 days are up if I don't hear from them shortly.I also notice it will look really, really smooth on playback with blu-ray in 1080p and 1080p24, standard dvd's upscaled to 1080i on a seperate sony dvd player, and also cable HD channels for about 5-20 seconds, then it lags and stutters a bit, then clean and fast, then lag and stutter. Enough to really make it worthless in my opinion with all the intermittent HDMI problems on top of that.If you need a 32" LCD monitor for a computer to do office stuff, browse and email it would probably be a good deal. For dvd/blu-ray/HD playback it fails utterly.This is the 2nd defective one in a row. Quality control seems very poor. The processing for HD playback is utterly horrible and faulty. The HDMI intermittent video issue is another killer of anything good about this LCD. What a disappointment this has been for my first experience with this company. I should have spent a little more and gone with an LG or Visio. Even my old, screen burned, 2nd gen refurbished Olevia this replaced performed better in 1080i and 720p any day of the week.What a bummer