Ok, first and foremost. Got it at WALMART online brand new for 448 bucks, nice right?. Not the 600 from Galaxy via Amazon. Amazon I love you, but Walmart rolled it back too far this time!So far no complaints at all. I'll give an update after i've had the set for a while.Set up was easy, and thank you very much to those of who posted the more techinical aspects for compatibility with gaming systems.The regular HD picture is great. The 3D, like everyone said, is every bit as good as in the theatres. There is some ghosting if you are at the wrong angle (you can't be looking down at the set or you get really bad ghosting. You kind of have to be "head on" So for example my set sits on a pedastal on my desk. When i lean back in my desk chair i get slight ghosting so i just (temporarily) put a shim under the back of the set (a game case) to tilt the set forward slightly, ghosting gone.I have used it with both my XBOX 360 and my PS3, no problems. Played Gears of War 3 in 3D and it looked quite good. Unlike another reviewer, i didn't find it necessary to set the PS3 to 720p, it seemed to work fine on 1080p. (under display settings, not video settings)Remember that you have to set game mode (prevents lag) independently for each HDMI input if you have multiple systems. Interestingly, the set automatically switches game mode off when you play a 3D movie on the PS3, it is back on again when the movie is stopped. Interesting....Sound is adequate, but if you want booming then hook it up to a system.Yes, the buttons on the remote are hard to press and some are very tiny. The keyboard on the back is awesome!No problems with the wifi setup, no problems using built in apps, no problems running netflix. I tried the yahoo news app, and it's ok, but nothing to write home about. I haven't downloaded other apps yet. I didn't really buy it because it was internet ready, but still it's nice that is runs the online streaming services.Yes, when it asks you to enable 3D upon detecting a 3D signal you need to act fast or you have to run through the menus (just a minor inconvenience).Games look quite good, I downloaded killzone3 demo for PS3 and it was good, but maybe a bit blocky. Uncharted 3 however look positively stunning. Fast movement sometimes makes things a bit difficult to watch, but i think it's just a 3D thing, i'm not quite sure, but the experience was enjoyable.Watched a bit of Cars2 in 3D, again, absolutely stunning 3D effects, just like in the theatre.Watched some 3D content on direct TV they have like 4 channels including ESPN 3D, very cool. There is another channel that had like etxtreme sports with people doing motocross jumps and i thought i was going to hurl from the 3D effect. Still, very cool. On direct tv you see 3D when watching full screen but it seemlessly swtiches to 2D when you pull up the channel guide. After going back to the channel it takes a couple of seconds, then it's 3D again.the unit has 3 HDMI inputs, one on the side and two on the rear which is nice. All inputs can be given custom labels (pretty standard)All in all (especially only paying 448.00) I can't believe how good this set is for money. Seriously. This television is why I waited before purchasing any 3D equipment. Vizio you did a damn good job! Keep up the good work!I know that some people had technical problems and things that didn't work, but that is always the case with electronics. As the reviews were overwhelmingly positive (you can't please all the people) I thought i'd take the plunge and so far i'm glad that I did!UPDATE!!!Still love the TV but there is one little quirtk. As you know you have to set "game mode" to eliminate lag in games. However, even though game mode was on for my xbox I noticed terrible lag for Street fighter (i was losing all the time when i usually don't). I found that I had to disable game mode, then enable it again and voila! no lag....pretty inconvenient, but I disable and enable game mode each time i boot up the xbox just to be certain.