UPDATE: 10/5/2011 (Fixed, happy!)My original review, below, focused primarily on my frustration with an annoyance that EVERY SINGLE 2011 Viera 3D Panasonic plasma exhibited.  Since mid August 2011 Panasonic has built the "fix" into all models that exhibited this problem.  Those who are bothered by this issue with sets built prior to a mid August build can contact Panasonic to get an update.Now that my set is fixed I can now revise my rating.  And I am very pleased to raise it to a 4 star rating.  This plasma is outstanding!  Great design, albeit slightly not quite as enticing as some other brands, and the picture quality is very good.  The only thing that still bugs me some, is that the color reproduction could be improved slightly.  However no one who has seen the set in person even notices what I am seeing...so good chances are that you will not either.  There is a fix that is rumored to be released soon to correct the color reproduction.Now that the FBr (read below) has been addressed and taken care of, I just love watching this TV.  The price is quite good and the difference between this set and one several hundred dollars is considerable.  You really need to head to a B&M; to see the difference in person, then do your savvy shopping.ORIGINAL REVIEW:I am not the kind of shopper that buys a new TV every year or two.  My "old" TV is a Sony Super Fine Pitch HD CRT that I have had since 2003 (picture is still incredible!).  I research a lot before any purchase (can be good and bad!).  I do not often buy the so-called Flagship models, but generally one beneath those model.  My logic is that I am hoping much of the flagship technology is in that "one beneath" model, with much of the high end techy picky stuff left out.  Works for me.  This model, the G series fit that bill.  Maybe you are that kind of consumer as well.  After months of research I ended up getting this model despite one issue I was aware of.My research lead me to a few popular "techy" website forums.  There I learned of the fluky issues with every single brand and model out there...including the lofty Kuro series that Pioneer built, and has since discontinued.  These Kuro's are pricey, but considered "reference" for us lowly consumers.  There are better sets out there, but then we are talking tens of thousands.  Anyhow, I was hoping that since it has been a few months since this G series models fluke came to light that Panasonic addressed the "feature"...to lessen it.  This is my bone to pick.It is really minor, but once spotted it will plague you for the life of the set.SPOILER:  Please do not read on if you own any Viera set (problem is designed in all of them) and have not had any problems...seriously, move on to another review, you will hate me if you own a Viera and currently enjoy it.  For those researching here it is...The Fluke:So here's the "fluke" of this model.  The techies on the forums call it "Fluctuating Brightness".  Last year the 2010 Panasonic had "Floating Blacks", which has been fixed for 2011.  The popular acronyms for the 2011 and 2010 flukes are FBr and FB, respectively, and there is a lot of information on these at forum sites, such as avsforum.com highdefjunkies.com.  If you search you will find it easily enough.So you know every single 2011 Viera model has it, and the "fluke" was actually intentionally designed by Panasonic as a beneficial "feature".  This feature causes the lower gray levels to change brightness.  Some feel that it is a power saving feature.  Panasonic has no public reference to this feature, so the forum folks have been left to taking guesses.  Some of these forum members are highly respected professional calibrators or Panasonic insiders.  Unfortunately Panasonic engineers made that "change" from grey levels (usually the lower greys) happen much too abruptly.  It's more like a "pop" when it changes, and it happens about 1/2 sec. to a 1 second after a change in a scene.  Now it does not happen all the time (Vivid Mode the least), but enough that it can drive you nuts once spotted.  One of the forum sites has a link to a spreadsheet that lists many movies and where in the movies it can be seen.  The "FBr" varies from set to set, so it is seen more or less based on an individuals set, and as an individuals perception to the "feature".  Professional calibration (at a  couple hundred dollars) can reduce, but not eliminate this "feature."  Once you see this it will drive you nuts!  It has me, and I am not a videophile.  I have brought my complaint to Panasonic.  If you are sensitive to these things please be advised.Now don't get me wrong.  The set is outstanding!  The picture is one of the best I've seen.  In my opinion this is one of the best sets of 2011.  The accuracy of the colors displayed, the features, the design.  All great!  I am dinging the picture rating ONLY because of the fluctuating brightness "feature", otherwise it would be 5 stars.  Now if only Panasonic could send out an updated piece of firmware to minimize this abrupt change in grey levels I will be one super happy camper!UPDATE:Panasonic has contacted me and states that the picture dimming is within specifications.  UNBELIEVABLE!Because of the lack of a proactive response I have now decreased my rating to a single star.  If Panasonic can correct this problem I will re-evaluate my rating.  This would be a 5 star review if this Fluctuating Brightness problem is addressed...seems that a firmware correction, such as a firmware released to the European markets which corrects this, would all that it would take.  The fix seems obvious and has been done in another Panasonic global division...is it that hard to email some code?