I posted this as a comment under the review titled: "This TV has very serious flaws! Sony is unresponsive!"  but I think the issue here needs a review of its own.I purchased my Sony BRAVIA V-Series KDL-52V5100 52-Inch 1080p 120Hz LCD HDTV in December, 2009. Since that date my TV has, four times, been rendered blank and totally unresponsive to any input from the remote or on-set controls except power off. A 30-minute phone call to Sony support after the first incident did not resolve the issue; I had to attempt a work-around on my own - I'll explain that later.After the fourth occurrence I arranged for a Sony-authorized service tech to examine the set. Listen to this: he told me he'd had many similar complaints. Apparently here in San Diego a certain HD channel occasionally triggers a glitch in the Sony TV circuitry causing the TV to go blank and unresponsive. Only by tricking the TV to disengage from this particular channel can you get the TV to work again. When he explained this to me I realized my favorite channel was this particular one and my set always froze when I was watching a program on that channel.The service tech checked the current firmware on my set and saw it was the latest version available. In that case, said he, there was nothing he could do. He further said that Sony is aware of this problem and is working on a fix, but he wondered how they would notify owners and deliver the fix when available.After the service call I contacted Sony Support to ask about how I would learn of the fix when it becomes available. I was directed to Customer Relations. In a phone conversation the representative claimed Sony was NOT aware of any such situation. The only remedies forthcoming from Customer Relations were to offer either the phone numbers of 2 more authorized service centers or a promise to have another Sony advisor call me. I requested both; the rep agreed. Then I repeated my statement that I know there are many Sony customers complaining about this, and I read to him some postings from an internet forum I'd discovered. The representative then said Sony now stands informed and aware. We'll see...Anyone, including Sony Support and Customer Relations personnel, can do a Google search and find references to this and similar issues. Personally I've posted about this and gotten response from other Sony owners. But other TV manufacturers have had similar problems with some of their models; Sony isn't alone here. LG, for example, has had this type of problem with some of its sets (do a Google search) but, unlike the initial response from my Sony Customer Relations representative, has publicly acknowledged it.My internet research seems to indicate this glitch occurs with other Sony models as well and in other locations - not just here in San Diego. As the original reviewer says, this may be a low-end Sony, but my $1200 seems pretty high-end to me!Work-arounds I've culled from the internet:1. Unplug the set and walk away for a while. I once did so for 48 hours and it came right back on.2. Turn off the TV (you can do this with the remote or the on-set control), turn it back on and immediately begin madly punching the channel up/down button so the TV switches away from the poison channel before it can freeze the TV again.3. Turn off the TV (this is ALL you can do with the remote or on-set control at this point!), disconnect the antenna cable from the set, turn the set back on, change the (now blank) channel up or down, re-connect the cable.Voila! You've just spent $1200 to do your own TV troubleshooting - compliments of Sony Electronics Corp.