I have bought multiple thing on the internet including tv's and I have to say that Toshiba does not care about helping customers with their so-called customer support(more like customer frustration hotline). Not only do they sell defective product but their customer support is the worst i have ever seen! To start off, received this TV defective(box was in perfect condition), since it's winter the shipping guys told me to let it acclimate for 6 hours before plugging it in so it does not condensate on the inside and short out. After waiting overnight the TV turned on i did the setup and at the end of the setup the TV just shut off and 2 seconds later i heard the TV turn on again. I thought it it was some type of setting finishing the setup but then it just started turn on and off constantly. I first called customer support from Toshiba and they tell me that they are very sorry about it and that they will make a ticket for the issue and that someone from a repair company would call me within the next 4 hours. Nobody calls, i wait until the next day and call Toshiba back and they said that they will only call within their business hours(8am to 3pm eastern time, i am in the Midwest) i then call the repair company on their business hours and they tell me that they have not received anything from Toshiba and if they did they would have a automated system call me to let me know that they have received the repair ticket with the information they need to fix the TV. I then call Toshiba again and they said they had a problem in their system and that the call ticket was never sent to the repair company and that they will resend the ticket. I wait 24 hours and called the repair company again and they said that they were waiting on Toshiba to send them the part(usually overnight) and that when they receive the part someone will call me and set up a time to repair the TV. I wait 4 days and still nothing so I call the repair company again and they said that they still have not received the part to make the repair so i call Toshiba again(Saturday) and they state that the system that they are using cannot let them know where the part is and that i needed to talk with a manager(forgot exact the name of the manager) to escalate my claim and that they are only in during business hours(Monday-Friday 8am-3pm eastern time) so I had to wait to call them back. I call them back Monday morning and they told me that the part i needed is on backorder and that I had to wait 5 to 18 days for the part to go out and if it did not i would have to call them back to escalate my claim again. I wait a full week(6 days) and call them back the following Monday to check on the part. Today is Monday and the part is still not out and that I have to wait a few more day until the full 18 days so they can escalte my claim AGAIN so they can do something about it. I have decided to return this TV to Amazon. Called Amazon support and they will come and pick this pain in the rear TV in the next few days and will give me a refund as soon as they get the TV back. Amazon support helped me and with only maybe 10 minutes of my time. I will give Amazon credit they helped me out without jumping through hoops and waiting for ever to talk to someone. I bought this TV hoping to get a "Good" deal on a "Good" TV but have regretted every minute of it. Give it good thought before buying this TV and beware this is not the first complaint on the net on this TV for the exact same problem!!!! Hate hate hate Toshiba and their customer support. Will never buy any Toshiba product every again!!!!!