I ordered this TV from Electronics Expo, while I got a good price, the whole process was an absolute nightmare. TV is great, looks amazing, but I think everyone here has a right to know about the terrible service offered by Electronics Expo. Read on for my whole tragic order process.They took my order, took my money from my checking account, and then one day later I received an email saying that my order had been cancelled. I called them up and some guy told me that they did not have anymore of these TVs left and they over estimated the amount they had in stock (??????????). So I requested my money back and he said they could not refund me and I would simply have to wait around until they get more TVs in!! (which was another "couple of weeks") Total nightmare!! I wanted to just go buy this TV somewhere else but they forced me to buy through them despite the fact that they DID not have any of the requested item in stock!!!!Customer service was rude and inconsistent in all of their responses! I called back later that day and asked for a manager and got on the phone with a surprisingly nice woman. She told me that they actually had 6 TVs left in stock and that one of them was mine and would be shipped out. So the person I talked to before had just cancelled my order in error for whatever reason. I got another email saying my order wasn't cancelled. Then I got ANOTHER email saying my order was cancelled AGAIN (from the same idiot I am guessing). I called back and they said that email was for someone else and not meant for me (????). So then my order shipped out three days later (I only know because I called them) via some 3rd party shipping company. No tracking number, no insurance, nothing. Just the rep at EE said, yes it shipped. Guess what happened?The next day I wake up to a phone call at 8am and its some guy saying he wants to deliver my TV this afternoon at 5-6pm, I say great! I sit around my house until 9pm and receive no phone call, no email, nothing. Guy shows up at 9:45, no apology, nothing said. Fine, whatever, just give me my TV. Turns out, its some older guy and his poor PREGNANT wife. U serious? This company sends out one guy and a pregnant woman to deliver a 1500 dollar, 100+ Lbs plasma TV???? I couldnt stand by and watch her try to carry it up the stairs so I just did her job for her. What kind of shipping company would do this????? I get upstairs and then the delivery guy just wants me to sign so he can leave. Uh...no, we are going to set up the TV and turn it on to well, you know, make sure it actually WORKS ok. He says "I don't know how to.."  WHAT?? Ok, whatever, I will just do it. "No you cannot, company policy". PFFT I dont care, I paid over a thousand dollars for this thing. Im unpacking it. So I UNPACK, SET UP, AND TURN ON. Something that the delivery company SHOULD have done.End result, TV worked fine. Its a great TV for the price but DO NOT order if it is being sold through Electronics Expo, they are the worst online sellers I have ever come across.