Don't buy this TV if you plan on watching channels that aren't HDTV.  I bought a LT30HV and I must say that the HDTV channels look outstanding as do DVDs and video games.  However, the reception on normal cable channels is horrible.  This is not to say that it is only bad compared to other HDTVs, but it looks much worse than any reception I have ever seen.  It looks like a very bad UHF signal from pre-cable days because everything is very blurry and it looks like its snowing on every analog channel.  Its basically unwatchable.  The digital channels are slightly more tolerable.  But I have a 5 year old $100 piece of crap 20" sharp TV that gets crystal clear reception from the same cable box and connection.  I have talked to Syntax about this and they assured me that it was the signal coming into the TV.  Since then I have changed cable boxes, used different wires, tried different inputs, had the cable company install a signal amplifier, etc. and nothing seems to fix the problem.  My cable provider (Comcast) offers mostly analog channels for the most popular stations, digital channels for the higher number cable channels and a few HDTV channels.  If your cable provider is the same way, I would STRONGLY advise against buying this unit.  Other than the fact that you can't watch about 75% of the channels from my cable box, the only other complaint I would have is that the remote is very poorly designed.  Also, now that it has taken me a little over a month to figure out that it is absolutely the TV that is causing this, I don't have the opportunity to return it anymore.  So I paid $1000 for this unit to watch a few HD channels... what a ripoff.EDIT:After having this TV for a while, I think my criticism was much too harsh.  Its still true that some analog channels don't come in and the remote is absurd, but I am happy with everything else about the TV.  For some reason about half the analog stations come in fine and half are somewhat fuzzy, though I have noticed similar things with other HDTVs.  The picture on the digital channels actually is fine, I think its a bit underwhelming due more to the signal coming through my cable box.  The picture on the HDTV channels is spectacular.  Maybe other high end TVs reportedly have better colors or whatever but I'm telling you that watching football, baseball, basketball, nature shows, etc is mesmerizing.  Some other nice features that I have discovered are the removable speakers that can be wired directly to your stereo receiver, split screen mode (awesome for watching 2 football games at once) and the numerous inputs available.  Also, the packaging of the TV when I received it was great.  I saw some reviews complaining about the packaging, but I would not worry about that if you are planning on purchasing this TV.Reconsidering, I would give this TV 4 stars instead of 2.