So far I like it,  it's very stable for the most part but ocasionally it has issues with connecting to the net,  this might be due to the phone or due to the fact that the at&t; network in my small town has been neglected last 6 years and barely works. it tends to drop calls easily but overall is pretty good.  also it doesn't get nearly as good of signal as a blackberry in low signal areas.  it does require quite a bit of fiddling to get some of the settings the way you like but overall it's very easy to use,  I love the 32 gigs of internal memory,  provides lots of space for apps and music,  the video quality on the phone is also very good but the format support is limited.  the camera is exceptional,  it takes extremely clear crisp images and the video quality when using in video mode isn't bad either.  the second camera for video chat is of poor quality,  it's not good for making pictures but it is perfect for what it's ment for,  video calling.some questions I had about the phone when I ordered it I would like to provide answers for in case others have same question.first off,  the phone has several types of memory avalible,  your ram,  which is required to run programs,  it's got quite a bit for a phone but I think it could use more.  second is the phone memory,  I'm not sure how much is avalible total,  never bothered to check,  but I believe it's around 40-60 megabytes.  this is the primary location you'll install most of your applications.  the third area of memory is the 32 gigs of storage space,  you can store anything in it and even install more programs here,  please note not all applications will run properly from this memory,  but most do.  be careful about installing apps that are always running into this memory,  cause when you plug the phone into your computer in mass storage mode,  this memory is not accessable to your phone and apps running from it will run into problems.  the same is true for the last area of memory,  micro sd cards.  insert any size you want up to 16 gigs and you have just that much more storage added to your phone.  works just like the 32 gig memory,  you can put apps or whatever on it,  same thing about apps that run all the time in background applies to cards too.  also some older apps will only recognize the first memory card device,  the 32 gig memory looks like a card to most apps.  meaning many older apps will see it,  but will not see the sd card.  this is a limitation of the older apps,  not the phone.the gps reciever in the phone isn't very good,  it takes a long time to get a lock and looses signal pretty easy,  but it does work and works well enough to get the job done.I can't tell you how good 3g is on it,  I do not live in area with 3g coverage,  but edge is decent,  that is,  when I'm away from home,  edge network here creeps at about 2kbs,  it used to be much much faster but at&t; neglected the network and it's gotten very slow and unreliable in past few years.problems I've found with the device is sometimes the os will get unstable,  it's rare,  but when it happens you'll just have to reset the phone in most cases,  there is two methods to reset,  one is to dial a code,  the other is to hold a combo of keys while turning it on.  I know both work as I've tried both,  however I can't remember them of hand,  google can help.  the back doesn't seem well made to me,  but it's held on rather well so maybe it's a little stronger than it appears.  there is one app,  accuweather that comes on the phone,  I've had issues with this app from the start,  it rarely works,  recomendations on fixes or a better app is welcome.  often times the phone will have issues connecting to the net,  for no reason whatsoever the web browser will keep giving connection errors,  most people have recomended powering the phone on and off to get it to reconnect.  I found a quicker way that usually works.  exit your browser and go to home screen,  hold the end call button till it asks if you want to end data connections,  answer yes,  relaunch browser.  works nearly everytime but sometimes you still have to resort to restarting the phone.overall my thoughts on the device are it's worth the money.  most of the problems it has are fixed with the current firmware update,  there are still a few lingering problems I hope the 2.0 update coming out will fix.  but for someone who wants a decent media phone with lots of space,  it's definately worth the money.