The Sprint PCS 8100 is a terrific camera phone.  It's the second camera phone to be sold here stateside.  Size-wise, it could be a bit thinner like the Panasonic GU-87 GSM phone for AT&T; Wireless; but, to be fair, the 8100 is already quite compact, and much smaller than the very first camera phone to hit the U.S. market: the venerable Sanyo SCP-5300.Compard to the 5300 (which is still being sold by Sprint), this 8100 phone has a very bright main LCD, albeit slightly smaller (1.8" vs. 5300's 2.1").  Its 56k color range is very good, and did I mention it's super-bright?  Definitely the brightest and clearest phone LCD screen I've seen so far -- and I've personally checked out lots of phones on sale in the U.S. and also in Europe.  BTW, an interesting thing about the 8100's screen is that, even if you turn off the backlight, the main LCD is actually still backlighted (backlit?) at a lower level. So for the 8100, backlight on means very bright backlight, and backlight off means dim backlight.  The main LCD supposedly uses some new technology developed by Sanyo that draws less power than other LCD screens even when it's backlit.  (I read this on some geek website.)  The external sub-LCD (on the flip cover) is squarish and also capable of 56k colors, but at 96x96 its resolution is quite low.  One interesting use of the external sub-LCD (other than displaying picture caller IDs) is to use it for taking self-portraits.  Since I'm an unapologetic narcissist, I simply adore this feature! :)As a cell phone the 8100 shines, no pun intended.  The reception is just exceptional!  If you've read my other phone reviews you'd know I live in a basement apartment here in the outskirts of New York City.  The 5150 and 5300 I had owned before used to get 2-3 bars on the signal strength indicator, but the 8100 regularly gives me 4 bars!  I'd say 3-4 is my normal strength, occasionally it drops to 2, and very rarely it goes to 0-1.  The built-in earpiece has good voice quality, and it's definitely the loudest earpiece of all Sanyo phones sold s far -- and better than other Sprint PCS offerings.  Close to 20 high-quality ringers are included, ranging from simple ringing tones to melodies; they are pretty loud at the highest setting, although a perfectionist such as myself always thinks we can use a bit more volume.The phone functions are easily laid out and responsive.  The user interface is clean and simple.  You don't need to read the user's guide to figure most things out, as the phone uses a pop-up menu system extensively.  One nice touch is the "Mi Amigo" animated character.  I won't tell you what it is, though, as you have to see the fun little thing yourself.  (Hint: it bathes, exercises, sleeps, beams down from Mars, etc.)Of course, the main draw of this phone is its built-in camera.  Compared to the older 5300, this one's resolution is a step down, something like 172x220, vs. the 5300's true VGA (640x480) resolution.  The 8100 also doesn't have a built-in flash like the 5300, and you cannot do special digital effects (e.g., digital zooming) as on the 5300.  The picture quality is also lower than on the 5300.On the other hand, you get two distinctive pluses vs. the 5300: 1) it takes surprisingly decent pictures in low light, so party photos should come out ok -- in fact I've seen a lot of users take party pics using their 8100s and many would come out surprisingly well, 2) it's much easier to organize and share (or upload) picture files on the 8100 than on the older 5300, and you can also store more pictures due to the smaller size.  With each picture, you can upload to Sprint's free picture-sharing website, or you can save to the "picture wallet" folder, from where you can assign them to wallpaper or caller ID.  Last but not least, you can simply keep your best on-the-go pictures and laugh silly at them on your commute!It ought to be emphasized that you mustn't expect too much about the picture quality.  It reminds me of the first-gen digital cameras that came out back in 1995.  Fuzzy and distorted colors best describe the images.  The quality is also very sensitive to hand shakes, so often I use one hand to hold the phone steady and the other to press the shutter button.  This is especially true when you use the self-portrain mode.  I personally find the camera work best in low-light settings like inside a bar, and also on beautiful summer days.  The minimum distance to subject is around one foot in order to get a focused picture.  The point is, the 8100 is more a fun toy than a serious (or semi-serious) digital camera.  Snapping quick shots of people fighting outside Yankees stadium is fine, but family get-together photos are no-no on this.Now a word of warning: in places like New York City cops have started arresting people who surreptitiously take pictures of girls' behinds and legs and whatnots.  Please use your phone responsibly!One more virtue of the 8100 is its affordability.  In short, this is a terrific camera phone that you'll get addicted to easily.  Many other users seem to agree: less than a year after its release, it's already the best-selling phone in Sprint PCS's entire history.