The phone took a while to show up, I have noticed anything that ships via free shipping from an Amazon warehouse is always slow to ship and to arrive, versus other Amazon suppliers.  The phone is solid and decent.  It shipped with a 4Meg micro-sim (I expected a 2M) and some apps were alreadt added.  I have probably used most every feature on the phone.  I connect wirelessly to my router at home and it took a little bit to actually get that working.  For whatever reason I couldn't initially get it to work.  I went to McDonalds and it connected immediately to the wireless there.  I thought my router was broken, but after McDs I went home and it connected immediately.  Go figure.I installed the MySimple Mobile Sim and now for $40 I have unlimited talk text and 3G web.  After the Mysimple OTA programming via SMS the settings I had tried to install were fixed and my phone works very well.  Sometimes the phone takes a moment to respond, but usually a touch triggers a vibration so you know the phone received input.I gave the phone a 4 star because the display dims occasionally very quickly and is slow to recover.  When you hold it to your ear the display goes black from the sensor input, but the power saving display is different and I haven't yet figured out an adjustment for that.The phone is running Symbian3 so it is different than most US phones.  There is a store with some apps. Some apps work and some don't even if they are supposed to work on your phone it might be hit or miss.  I also note that when you remove an app all traces might not be removed, and I haven't figured this out either.The phone connects via USB (WinXP) with no issues and even recharges via the USB port.  The battery life may be limited if you use the GPS or play a display intensive game.It is doubtful that Symbian Anna will ever be put on any US phone although most non-US phones are being upgraded/ or have already been upgraded.I do like the OVI maps, but the GPS is very slow if you are not near a network.  Out in the wild, no network, it took 10 minutes to find the position and kept losing it, the internal accelerometers didn't seem to correct the position at all.  And because it is display intensive the battery dies quickly.  I estimate about 3 hours on GPS and you will need to recharge.I do like this little phone.  It has some minor quirks, but all phones do. It isn't an i-phone but it isn't huge, I can carry it in my shirt pocket, make phone calls, text and surf the web.  I put Opera on it but the default web browser is ok, but not very intuitive.I like the address book.  It can accept voice commands but I haven't tried doing this much.  You can set an SMS to erase the phone and info in case you lose it, send an SMS with your secret message and supposedly it locks your sim and phone.  Haven't tried but I did set a message.  The camera takes pictures.  I loaded a panorama app and shutter-pro.  The camera can be set for small pictures and sends MMS messages.  It has a front facing cam, but very low res I think.  I loaded an app called camera mirror, but haven't tried a video phone call to anyone.I have sent emails from the phone which also works for larger pictures, connected to my yahoo email account, and emails to flickr post as expected.The morning alarms are easy to set as well as world times.  I also have downloaded other country maps in ovi maps.  You can explore another country and even see what the weather is like there.  Although, it takes a bit for the weather sometimes.If you have a question about the phone I'll try to answer it from a user perspective.