A bit of an introduction: I'm a retired computer professional, having written software and managed software projects for 45 years. I have been a vocal critic (on the Nokia forums) of Nokia's software failings in recent years (I had an E71, a beautiful piece of hardware, and my wife had an E62 and a 5800). Most of my objections were to their pathetic ovi.com website, the attempt to replace PC Suite with something else named ovi (which broke something that wasn't broke! I suspect "ovi" is Finnish for "full of bugs"), and their penchant for issuing "upgrades" that introduced more problems than they fixed.I had a two-year fling with Android, where I saw a serious mobile system gradually turn into a circus act; the latest version of Android on the top Samsung phones looks like a video game to me. They are obviously targeting the young, which is probably a smart business decision. But if you are a mature adult who wants a serious appliance that helps to keep you organized and to communicate via voice and message, all of this extraneous nonsense is a distraction and an annoyance. Yes, some of what bothered me could have been customized away, but there were other issues that led me to conclude that the latest Android was not for me.I had watched, with interest, the introduction of the N8 by Nokia and its impressive specifications, and the subsequent tribulations of the product, plagued by problems that resulted in too many dead devices. But two years after its introduction, with the price dropping and unhappy with the direction of Android, I decided to buy one. I've had the phone now for a little over a month, and I must say I'm pleasantly surprised.First of all, the hardware. It is typical Nokia, just beautifully made. It makes a difference, as it is not only a pleasure to hold something well-made, but it feels better in the hand than anything I've owned from other manufacturers (Motorola, Samsung). It was delivered with Symbian Anna, which exhibited some of the old, confusing user-interface design that has brought Nokia to the brink of extinction. After consultation with some folks on the Nokia forums, I decided to upgrade to Belle, about which the signals were mixed. I decided that the people who seemed to know what they were talking about liked the system and I went with their advice. This turned out to be a good decision. The user-interface is greatly improved and finally gives Symbian a look and work-flow that is competitive with Android or the iPhone. Unfortunately for Nokia and Symbian enthusiasts, it comes too late. But it's good, nonetheless. They also fixed some bugs that I cared about. For example, the FM radio application, which I use, did not work correctly in Anna, at least for me. The Belle version is fine. I am happy with everything else that I use -- contacts, calendar, email, browser, occasional text message. The camera is excellent. The only thing that does not work well, and never has, is Mail for Exchange, at least when you attempt to use it to sync with Google contacts/calendar. This software was broken three and four years ago and it's still broken. I have resorted to going back to maintaining my contacts, calendar and todos with Microsoft Outlook, which is an inconvenience for me, since I use Unix/Linux most of the time, not Windows. But Nokia's synchronization application works well, as does Google's application to sync their stuff with Outlook. A bit of a Rube Goldberg setup, but it works. It would have been far better for Nokia to have fixed Mail for Exchange -- they certainly had ample notice that it was bug-ridden -- but that won't happen now that they are fighting for their lives, hoping to be rescued by Windows 8.To summarize, if you want a superbly-made unlocked phone made for serious adults at a good price, this is a great choice. Be aware, though, that Nokia has, of course, abandoned Symbian (Accenture is maintaining it now) and it is unlikely that there will be any further development of the system. It's a dead-end for application writers as well, though there is a large body of Symbian applications already available. Whether they work well with Belle is a separate question (I purchased a financial calculator for my E71, and got the latest version for the N8. It worked fine with Anna, and while it works with Belle, the results appear in a font about 2 pixels high, and so it is unusable. I have contacted the author and he is unable to fix the problem, due to some authentication issue. It's obviously a side-effect of Symbian now being a dinosaur.)Update (3/24/2013):I've now had the N8 for almost 6 months, and my opinion of the phone has not changed. If anything, I'm even more impressed by its quality and usability. One issue: battery life. Running Belle, with light usage, the battery is exhausted by the end of the day and has to be recharged for the next day's use. However, there is a so-called "power-saving mode", and it works beautifully. With this enabled, the battery will last for days, at least the way I use the phone. For me, the phone is perfectly usable in this mode, and the improvement in battery life is a real plus. Before I discovered this, there were times when I was inconvenienced by having forgotten to put the phone on the charger overnight, needing to use it the next day, and finding it dead. Yes, it recharges quickly, but an inconvenience when I want to use it NOW. The tremendous improvement in battery life in power-saving mode essentially eliminates this problem.I would also mention that there is a battery monitor application available from the Nokia store that is quite useful, and I recommend it to anyone using an N8.