I bought this phone for my mother a couple of weeks ago as a beginner phone. My personal phone is a Samsung Galaxy S3  so i am going to use some comparisons from that phone to make my review.The first impressions i got from this phone was how light it felt in the hand. Light and comfortable. The outside cover of the phone is plastic but somehow i think this phone can take a few drops and not fall apart like others i seen. The size and dimensions of the phone are excellent for people who like to use the phone with one hand or simply have a hard time using phones that are too big.So i opened up the phone thinking i was probably going to have a few lags and stutters here and there. Amazingly, i didn't. The phone performs very smooth for the most part. I would go as far as saying that on everyday tasks such as checking notifications, reading on the browser and checking up e-mails this phone is smoother than my S3.Now you might be asking yourself if this phone is so great, why is it so cheap? Well you are going to have to make some compromises with the phone. I would say the display is very mediocre. The resolution is acceptable but not great. The colors look very washed out specially if you compare it to an Super Amoled screen. The camera of the phoen is also mediocre. Photos and videos in dark places are not that good. The videos look specially grainy when taken in low light. Photos in daylight are pretty decent and for every day usage they are fine. In fact, daylight pictures are very similar as the one from the S3. It is in dark places where you will see problems.The one thing that distinguishes this phone from a lot of other phones is the absolutely impressive battery life that it has. I was very impressed with it. It is by far the best battery i have ever seen in such a small phone. I literally removed the phone from the charger at 10 am and did not have to charge it until the next day at around 2 pm. For comparison sake i usually disconnect my Galaxy S3 at around 9 am and by 2 or 3 in the afternoon it is already at around 40%. My average scree on time on this battery was about 5-6 hours before i needed to recharge it at night. My S3 has a max of 2.5 hours (if im lucky).The one thing this phone is not really good at is gaming. The phone lags a bit while playing games like Riptide and other graphic intensive games. The CPU just can't keep up. This phone also packs very little internal storage. Only 1.2 Gb. That is enought to put in a about 10-15 apps and use up some cache. Just don't expect to download big games. This phone is definitely better for beginner users who will use it for every day activities.Call quality on the phone is very nice. I was happy that the phone came with wifi calling integrated with it since the reception in my house sucks. Very happy to have a 20 minute conversation without the connection falling out. It was a bit annoying that i had to call Metro to set up an "emergency 911" address before i could use wifi calling.So that it my review. I liked the phone for the most part and for the price you are not going to find anything that is much better. The experience is smooth and frustration free. My S3 cost more than double what this little phone costs and i would not say it is worth it. If you are looking for a budget phone for a first time user this is it.