I have owned Nokia phones ever since I have owned phones and this is the worst I have seen. I think Nokia is loosing it. It reminds me of companies that become complacent and think they are top of market now and are in vincible - in my opinion this company is going down the tubes (the one behind the comod). Think about it when Apple was coming out with the iPhone (my wife owns it so I know how good it really is) Nokia's CEO (I thought he would know everything - he is the highest paid employee of the company) said apple has no clue what they are getting into. Oh guess what its been 2 years and nokia has no clue how to create a competitive product that can be a iphone clone - forget about surpassing it.This phone cannot play any games and it cannot play any music. I downloaded 4x4 monster tuck game from nokia web site and it would not even install. I sent an email to tech support and then the mess begins. It seems Nokia does not have a US support center. No no its not in India or some cheap country its in Europe. So they call in the afternoon and they can support you for like 2 or 3 hours that it - time to go to the pub. So first they sent me an email that seemed to indicate that they have sent me a link of some sorts on the phone - which never came to me. I waited some more. Then I got a survey email - looks like issue resolved. I responded with a very positive survey and sent them email as well. They came back oh sorry here is the link oh and that link will expire after 2 hours (aka we will be in the pub by then). And that link downloaded the file but install failed - this time certificate error. OK back to them - did not install blah blah blah. Oh just make sure you have correct time and date on the phone. He dumbos who does not have correct time and date on a (apprently) smart phone. Anyway oh OK then reset the phone. OK I did. oh the link has expired - here is another one - oh I need to go to the pub now. After all then still certificate error. Next day it start again - reset the phone... I gave up on that bunch of panzies. The game was only 2.99 but the you get the point.OK I cannot play games on the phone. I can live with that - may be. Can I play my music on it? My old nokia phone that costed me exactly $0.00 (with the contract ofcourse) did the job pretty well. Nope you cannot do that either. If you load more than 20 songs on to the phone - either in its memory or on the external card - you get all sorts of errors and it will not play any thing. Forget about playing it wont even show the song list and every now and then the external card is corrupted. If it plays the song (rarely that happens) try hitting pause - it takes a good 1 sec to pause - hello this is 2009. Is that a 2MHz processor in there - nope its the crappy software I am sure written by the invincible sleeping nokia designers and supported and released by the even more invincible nokia management.