Quick review on usage so far:1) Display - simply stunning, the best I have seen so far. true the viewing angles are a bit off but not bad at all. in fact I realized I never watch my phone in an angle other than head on- but checked it out only since it was mentioned in reviews. The colors simply are the best I have seen and contrast is quite good too. I have used a galaxy note and an iPhone 4 and was a bit worried after reading a few reviews but now I am very satisfied. In fact had a video shoot out for a 720p video (oblivion trailer) with a note2- and the winner was clearly the ZL. The difference in screen size is almost insignificant. I will write in detail about the display later as there is so much more to talk.2) Battery (stamina mode)- 100% charge at 6am - normal day- 25mins of calls, 40mins watched videos, 30-40mins of browsing(WiFi and 3G), 30-40mins of messaging and mail, 20-25mins Google play, 20mins gaming(asphalt7), 20-30mins misc. = ended the day with about 46% charge at 11:30pm. (I don't think I will be using my phone for 3hrs every day - this is only in the beginning :-) need to use my nexus 7 as well from time to time so that it doesn't feel left out) - big plus to stamina mode3) Performance - normal operation- with a quad core processor u wud expect lag free but I did feel slight lag from simply scrolling the home screen- this can be attributed to custom ui and frankly I have seen this on almost all android handsets except the nexus devices which don't have any lag even on dual core processors. In fact the lag vanished on my old note when I rooted and loaded a custom ROM on it. This lag is insignificant and 90% of people won't be able to notice it- only maybe the ones who have used an iPhone - which funnily shows some lag when it is rooted.4) Performance - games - simply a beauty - zero lag and excellent load times - faster than note and iphone4 - tested asphalt7. Also remember this phone is displaying 1080p so it is amazing that it manages to run significantly faster. It is also slightly faster than note 2 - though not by much.5) Camera - quite good. The best in outdoor shots and pretty good at indoor shots. Colors are quite good and realistic- I am not a fan of camera on a phone but I like the camera on my old iPhone 4 and now this.6) Audio - I felt it was a bit low on volume at first but after using it for last 4 days it does not seem inadequate at all - the volume is slightly lower than my note but the audio is much clearer and very pleasant to hear. The stock earphones are quite good too.Overall very satisfied with the phone - and as a plus the design feels quite good too - IMHO best smart phone have had the joy of owning but this is purely personal preference.