I bought this phone about 1 week ago. I was trying to find a deal on Black Friday, but there were none. Seeing that it's a Nokia, I actually expected that, but maybe I could've gotten lucky. Anyways, I bought this phone for $405. Which is A LOT cheaper than the $499 price right now. My mom told me to sell it and make a good profit, but why would I when it's so good?PROSGreat system: Very quick. And the home screens are customizable, so there are a million ways to improve the system. That's all I have to say. Score: 5/5Apps: There are actually many apps available for this phone. People who are used to an iphone or android will probably feel an extremely low amount of apps, but who wants so many useless apps anyways? Angry Birds, Need for Speed Shift, and GT Racing Motor Academy. These games are very good. Asphalt 5 is good, but I don't think that the processor is fast enough. The game lags a bit on this phone. Other than these apps there is Skype, Whatsapp, Nimbuzz, and all the other good ones that are available on Symbian. If you are uncertain about an app, go to the Ovi Store and select the Nokia E7.Another thing about the apps, I would like to add, is that you can download all of them signed online. So, you don't have to pay up to $5 for good apps. You can get them all free, and you wouldn't have to jailbreak your phone or be in danger of losing all of your content. Score: 4/5The screen: This is a MAJOR PLUS POINT. A 4.0" AMOLED touch screen. It's very responsive. There is almost no glare compared to other phones. Great vibrating feedback as well. Score: 5/5GPS: This is a major plus point. It is beautifully made.. It works very well. It is probably much better than up to $150 systems you can buy from Garmin or any other company. Another thing is that Nokia owns a satellite system, so these maps will be free forever. You can also download maps through wi-fi for any country in the world. I would like to add that it sometimes takes about 20-30 seconds to start, so don't get worried. It does work though. And it works great. It got me through Atlanta and Saint Louis very well. Score: 5/5Qwerty Keyboard: Another major plus point. It is great with good feedback. Good opening action. It takes a bit getting used to because the keys are somehow placed akwardly. Maybe because there are four rows instead of three. Score: 4/5Body: The aluminum body is another plus. It seems very sturdy and the screen is made of gorilla glass, so it feels indestructible as well. The body is for sure a 5/5.CONSI seriously haven't found more than one. The phone freezes up sometimes for about 15 seconds. But, if you leave it alone, it will come back to normal. This happens more frequently when you use up to 3 apps or more at once. It also happens when you download many apps at once. It's not a big issue and it shouldn't drive you from buying this phone. It is quite worth the $500 as well.One thing I haven't really tested well is the camera. I have noticed that the camera's flash is way too bright. So, in plenty light, the flash is way too much and it sort of ruins the pictures. It makes my brown skin look pale. So, it's a bit weird. But, if you turn off the flash, the pictures come out quite good.So overall, a ten on ten phone. It works very well. Good app selection (actually) and good system. Worth the money. The only negative reviews on this page are because some people received European versions. I didn't have that problem. And to be honest, my friends say that their iphones aren't as good as my phone (They aren't as well made, nor as customizable. The camera is not nearly as good and the screen is not as good either). If you like standing out in a crowd, buy this phone.