I've been a dedicated Nokia owner for about the past 5 years and 3 handsets, back then I knew that there was nothing that could compete with my N series devices and my predecessor the great E71 due to unmatched hardware and excellent S60 OS. But as time passed, I wanted more from my phone.So after seeing all the fuss in the smart phone market, the two on top were Android and iOS. I never liked Apple as a company but was always inspired by the Innovative Google so I knew that an Android would be my next phone. (Nokia is still lagging behind with an intuitive and innovate phone OS)Since i don't live in the US, it is impossible for me to go to a neighborhood T-mobile or AT&T; and get a brand new phone for free. (Lucky Americans :) no hate) So i was on a hunt to find an unlocked android phone with the best hardware vs. price. After giving considerations to the HTC Desire and the Samsung Galaxy S, I chose the XT720, as there was not much difference in the hardware to warrant almost $200 more.PROS:+ Phone is solid and well built (coming from a mostly metal phone (E71) I did not want a plasticy feeling phone. the XT720 seems to be well built)+ Excellent OS (I just love this Android. beautiful UI and does everything i want and need and more)+ Phone is pretty fast. (comes with 720 MHZ processor that is capable of 1GHZ easily overclocked for great speed)+ Beautiful Screen+ Touch Screen very responsive (i was hesitant to change to a touch screen only phone. but with a little practice i type out texts very quickly)+ Excellent CAmera (Xenon flash is amazing, along with great AF system, and 8 megapixel i can take great photos and will always have an excellent camera whenever there is a "kodak moment"; photography has been a hobby of mine therefore this I must give major props for the camera system)+Call quality (excellent call quality i think it's due to moto's Crystal Talk technology. there is a mic on the back of the phone that works to cancel out background noise. works excellent)Cons:-Phone won't be upgraded to 2.2 Froyo (this is a trend taking place with all mobile manufacturers not only moto. they do this in order to have new handsets look more attractive for purchase)-Internal Memory = 128MB. there is limited internal memory which means that you will run out memory for apps some time. (Froyo gives the ability for installation to SD card but unfortunately you will be unable to do so on this phone) most apps are very small and you will still be able to do a lot with 128. plus a 8GB sd is bundled with the phoneIn conclusion, if you need an unlocked phone or you don't want to bound by bloated contracts, this phone is a great purchase purchase. Could have been 5 stars with Froyo.Note: most of the low ratings for this phone is just because owners are mad that it won't be upgraded to 2.2, and not on the handset itself which i think is unfair for such a good machine.