Ok... a little background.  First I always owned a Nokia in my life and I wanted a Nokia smartphone.  First because above all I wanted the machine to be a good phone for receiving/accepting calls and I believe that no one can beat the voice/phone quality of Nokia.  Second, I like the idea of  maps offline. I am one of those guys who uses the traditional maps in his trips, but I have to admit that occasionally I was wondering why I didn't have a machine telling me the stuff around me and guiding me in specific address in very small towns that my maps will fail.Previous phone: Nokia E61... I know!!! After that came the E61i/E61/E62/E63/E71/E72/E73/E5/E7 and probably many more that I am missing.  So you can imagine that the upgrade for me was like 10 phone generations.From those two facts: owning a Nokia my whole life and coming from a 5 year old phone, you know I am not going to do comparisons with iPhone, Android phones, Windows phones, Blackberry phones.  No comparison.  I have seen my friends using other phones and occasionally played around with them but I have no real experience with them, in order to judge them.I have the phone for a week. First impression. Good form factor. Nice that has the combination of a qwerty keyboard and a touchscreen. Nice looking phone, which looks ugly after two days of using it with all the dust and all the fingerprints it accumulates :))What I tried:1) Talked on the phone.  The voice quality is clear with the headset on and with the loudspeaker.  When on ear/normal mode the phone need to be at a specific position otherwise the others can't hear very well (you hear them decently).2) Download apps.  I found a lot to download.  But I downloaded mainly basic stuff. Like opera for browser (Although I found the current browser very good but not as good as the opera one.)... A couple of games and a couple of other apps that just work fine.  There is this occasional lag when you download something large, but generally it was a flawless procedure.  (and I can survive the 2-3 seconds freeze)3) Surf the web.  As I said either with opera or its own browser the experience is simple and good.4) Use it as a GPS.  Flawless (Almost).  Good clear guidance.  Found the nearest gas station.  Found a hotel for me. But it drained the battery. I mean 2 hours of navigation and my phone was running low on battery! (but it was on the second day after charging it)5) Battery.  No complaints.  I can take at least 2 days if I do not use the GPS constantly.  I use the wi-fi a lot though.6) Wi-fi.  Flawless experience connecting to any wi-fi network I tried.7) Headset.  Excellent.8) FM radio. Very good and clear reception.9) Security software.  I register it for the 30-day trial and it works silently on the background.  Don't even feel it.10) Messaging. Nice!! I like the threaded view a lot.11) Keyboard. Smooth.  The keys are the right size for my hands. You can easily type with one hand (something you can't do with Nokia E7)12) Touchscreen.  Responsive.  The only problem is that some things are just too small due to the small screen and you have to touch a couple of times at neighboring spots before hitting the one you actually want.13) Synchronization with Nokia website. Smooth14) Photo camera: I have a professional one but I tried it out of curiosity.  It took some nice ones.  I used the photo editing app that comes with it and I was surprised with it.  It gives you a lot of options and it is easier to do some stuff than in photoshop (ok ok just kidding - but it is still simple and easy to use).  I even put a couple of photographs on my phone book on my contacts.15) Calendar.  Simple to put entries.  Simple to read. I do not expect something more from a calendarWhat I haven't use:Email client.  I always use web clients to check emails (even on my computer) so having a nice browser and visit hotmail or gmail or my university website is enough for me. I don't think I am going to use it, so I am not worrying a lot from reviews complaining about the client.Multiple screens. I didn't have time to play around to do stuff on the different screens but at some point later I will doVideo: I do not know why.  Just didn't happen.Probably anything I am forgetting and I am not listing above.Note: I also bought the "Amzer AMZ91881 Silicone Skin Jelly Case for Nokia E6-00" case which protected it very well on the first drop it had.I haven't bought a Micro SD card or a screen protector yet.Overall, it serves me pretty well.  Based on the (price/what you get) I will give it a 5 star.  If price was not accounted for I would say 4 stars.I will update it as I use more and more features.  Also I appreciate any comments/suggestions for useful apps to download.