I picked this guy up after my beloved Samsung T-509 (it won't let me product link it) started to die after five years of trusty service. My last few phones had been Samsungs, but I didn't find one that was cheap enough for what I wanted.I just needed a simple phone I could use for my T-Mobile service. I don't web browse on my phone. I don't really use my phone that much to begin with actually, so while I had a normally billed plan, I was planning on switching to prepaid as I discovered it was $10/mo cheaper, and didn't lock me into a contract. My first ever cell phone(s) were Nokias, so I figured I'd go back to my roots and pick this one up.Long story short, it does exactly what I hoped it'd do. All I needed it for is calling and occasional texting. While I don't find the texting to be quite as intuitive as it was on my previous Samsung phones, in all fairness I have to concede that that might be due to the fact that I'd had Samsung phones for several years, and my first forays into texting were on them - they were all I ever knew.The only gripe I have with this phone, besides the aforementioned texting learning curve, is that there's just a tiny bit of lag time for it to execute a command. It's not terrible, but it is noticeable. Oh, and the camera isn't much. I daresay my old T-509 had a better camera, and it was five years old! But then again, I wanted a basic phone, that is what I paid for, and that his what I got.What I like about the phone:Battery life - I'm not sure if the claimed 10.6 hrs of talk time is accurate, but it is a solid batteryMicroSD - I can put pictures and music and whatnot on there, and use them as my background, or ring tones (free, simple, and unlimited possibilities), or play them through headphones (standard head phone jack!)Radio - A feature I'll probably never use, but is kinda cool. You HAVE to have the headphones plugged in for the radio to work as they are the antenna, but reception was surprisingly solid when I was testing it. However, you can't play songs from the radio on speakerphone for all to enjoy the way you can with songs off the MicroSD card.Small - Fits in my jacket pockets well, the keys autolock to avoid too many pocket dials.I had no trouble getting it to work with my T-Mobile service. I just popped in my SIM card and it worked. I did have to call T-Mobile tech support to have them help me with SMS messages, which weren't going through or coming in. They had to send me some text that wrote some settings to the phone's memory, but it was quick and painless. It also survived the conversion to prepay and is working just fine on that plan now. For $50 I'm fairly satisfied.