So I'm reading some reviews on the Treo 750 and it seems all the negative reviews are by people who are completely incompetent with technology and using Google.  Let me first warn anyone who is technologically handicapped, do not buy this phone.  You will get lost in all the OPTIONS, that are available within the phone.On with my review:Windows Mobile can do basically everything you want, just not in the prettiest manners.  Upon receiving my Treo 750, it came with Windows Mobile 6.  It worked well but had some slight bugs, so I upgraded to 6.1 which also has bugs but none that bother me.  6.1 is definitely snappier than the bundled version of windows mobile 6.  You WILL NOT find the upgrade on Palm's Website, you'll need to Google this.Call Quality: 8/10Calls are crisp and clear. I have no problems hearing the other person in a busy street, and they have no problems hearing me.  Although the speaker phone is slightly distorted at higher volume.Battery Life: 8/10Windows mobile devices and any other smart phone/pda (ie. Iphone, Blackberry) are known to have battery life that doesn't last.  This is because of the processing power in these devices.  The Treo has a 312mhz processor.  My first Pentium II computer had a 300mhz processor.  Seriously, what do you expect?  My experience with the treo is that it will last me an entire day with heavy usage, but when I have it on standby (meaning not using it for anything) the battery last for at least 2 to 3 days.Overall Design: 7/10It's a little thick but this phone came out in Dec 2007, so it's not surprising.  The curves on the side make it feel thinner than it really is and makes the phone feel very nice in your hand.  The rubbery feel of the body is nice, and not slippery.  The small keys take getting use to, but once you do, you type extremely fast.  The screen is nice, bright, and big, but I wish it was at least 320x320 instead of 240x240.Usability: 8/10Windows Mobile is a powerful operating system, there are programs to do basically anything, but it isn't all in one place like you have it on the Android phones or Iphone.  There are thousands of free programs and others are paid.  I personally don't need any programs that you need to pay for.Cons:- Windows Media player will absolutely not goto the next song in the play list unless you have the ringer set to on instead of vibrate.- In 6.1, the screen is still enabled when you press the power button to view the time while in locked mode.-Interface isn't fun to look at.-Lacks wi-fiConclusion:I'm waiting for version 6.5 and 7 of windows mobile to come out which drastically changes the way Windows Mobile looks and also includes a app store.  If you can get this phone for under $200, i would say do it.  If you like to text message, the threaded sms is great.  Few bugs in the OS but doesn't affect the overall usage.  And the amount of software available for windows mobile is overwhelming.