The phone I bought was sold through BlueTek USA. It looked used. The back cover was dirty, not in plastic, had greasy smudges on it from fingers, and the part above the USB port was broken.Now on to the phone review:The initial boot-up took a few minutes which is ypical of most smartphones, especially old ones with slow processors. Once it booted up, I was prompted to activate the phone with Verizon Wireless. I shut the phone off, went to my account page on Verizon's website, activated the phone, then started over again.After activation, I was prompted to create a Palm account. The first thing I noticed was how cramped and sludgy feeling, yet clicky the keyboard is. The second thing I noticed was how slow this thing is. But I wasn't expecting much from a smartphone with a 600mhz processor. Seriously though, when I tried to change my ringtone, it took 5-10 seconds for the phone to gather and display the ringtones. "Seconds" doesn't usually indicate a long time, but compare it to any smartphone released in the past year and it'll seem slow.Once initial setup was completed, a walkthrough began to play which demonstrated how to use the phone's gestures. What looks like dead space/useless bezel between the keyboard and the screen is actually a touch panel for back, forward, and up gestures which feeds back with a soothing, glowing strip of light.Web OS is pretty nice though. I like the way multitasking works and it's fairly simple to use with little learning curve. If you want to search for an installed app, search the web, or search for an address or business, just start typing and a card will appear which lets you choose Google, Google Maps, Wikipedia or Twitter. Adding custom ringtones and wallpapers is refreshingly easy; Similar to Android devices, you can plug the phone in, choose "USB Storage" and just drag your wallpaper images into the "Wallpapers" folder, and ringtones and notification sounds into the "Ringtones" folder.Overall, the phone looks cute and fits nicely in the pocket. The soft back cover is nice (I prefer soft touch to glossy plastic or even glass). It's a functional device that will provide you with entertainment, information and communication on the go. There is an app store and some widely used apps are available (Evernote, Pandora, Accuweather, a Twitter app, Facebook, Angry Birds, etc). And even though pretty much every smartphone has it, the mobile hotspot functionality comes in handy (if you pay for it).Despite it's crappy 2MP camera, fixed 8GB of storage (that's right, no MicroSD card slot) tiny, low quality screen (but at least it's glass and capacitive) and tiny keys, it's worth buying since it's only $40 off-contract here on Amazon. If HP didn't give up on WebOS and Palm devices, it would probably cost at least $250. So, it's not a bad deal. The only reason I bought it was for the price. I sold my iPhone 4 months ago and have been using a basic cell phone. I missed having an mp3 player, map, camera, casual game player and web browser on me. I'm not eligible for an upgrade for another year, I can't spend $500+ on a new phone at full retail, and I'm sick of sketchy Craigslist sales and used phones with scratched displays, caked up skin flakes and dirt in the crevices, and lingering cologne/perfume odors. Honestly, I was pleasantly surprised with WebOS. But the OS and the device itself are lacking - A LOT - and if there was a faster, better WebOS phone available for a typical smartphone retail price, I wouldn't buy it.Most people replace their smartphones within a year or two, so the fact that HP gave up on WebOS isn't that big of a deal. Just don't expect a ton of updates and support. The phone has 3-4 year old hardware anyway. If you're in a similar situation as I am (i.e., too poor to buy a new phone off contract, but not too poor to pay your share of a family account) or want a pre-paid phone, it's not a bad purchase. I could also see this being useful for someone who has an expensive smartphone but wants a second device when there may be a risk of losing or damaging their good phone.Too bad I couldn't get a Touchpad when the liquidation happened. That would have been nice. It's cool how they transfer links and other data. I ordered one from OnSale through Amazon. They took way more orders than they could fill and cancelled a ton of them after holding everyone's money for a few days. That sucked.