I have tried a lot of Verizon phones over the past few months and the call quality of the smart phones was so disappointing that I refused to purchase one. I bought the Gusto 2 in desperation based on one positive CNET review. Call quality when listening at low to medium volume levels is good.  At higher volume levels callers become harder to understand.  Spoken sound quality is very good. When my wife calls our land line with the Gusto 2, I cannot tell that she is on a cell phone. I also love the talking caller ID and talking text message feature. The phone will read the entire text message to me, (great when driving).  As far as reception goes, my house is in a fringe area and Verizon service has always been spotty for me.  This phone seems to have pretty good RF sensitivity and I have not had any dropped calls in our home. Compared to other phones I have owned it is better than average with handling weak signals.Build quality of the phone is a mixed bag of good and bad features. Parts of it are flimsy and feel toy like and other parts of it are quite strong. The battery cover is very thin and the slightest drop will knock it loose and send the battery flying. I don't expect the cover to take too many drops.  The hinge and frame of the phone is strong and rigid.  The keyboard has a budget feel to it but works  well.  Some type of thin rubber like material has been applied to the front and back of the phone so that it is easier to grip.  It feels good in the hand and stops the phone from sliding around on slippery surfaces.Screen resolution is the worst I have ever seen. It is so grainy that it makes the unlimited mobile web browsing feature of the $50.00 prepaid plan very frustrating to use at times.  Poor camera. Menu screens are not intuitive and finding things is a chore. Ringer volume is not as loud to me as the last version of this phone.  It is typical of it's class but I can't hear it ring in my factory. (At work I could hear the ringer on other phones I have owned). I would pay more for an improved version of this phone.The struggle to hear and be heard in a cell to cell voice conversation is  tiring.  It's also very distracting and makes driving and talking even more dangerous than it already is.  The Gusto 2 has great call quality. With this phone I can relax and enjoy the conversation.  In spite of it's problems I am pleased overall and would buy it again.  Hopefully the voice technology that Samsung used in this phone will trickle up to the smart phones.My comments about voice quality referred to how well this phone sounded on both sides of a conversation with one of the parties being on a quality land line or cell to cell within the Verizon network. When I call people on other networks sound quality drops off a bit.March 9th 2014 update.  I finally broke it, (my mistake).  Went and got another one.  They still have great voice quality!  The call quality is actually a good bit better than my Moto G.On a side note....sometimes my wife has issues with the Gusto.  If she holds it just right the skin covering her outer ear will block the earpiece and the sound drops out.  She thinks she has dropped the call or the phone has messed up but all it requires is a slight re-positioning of her hand.Still recommended.