This is my first cell phone and while it has it's share of negatives (the same negatives that many phones have), I am very pleased I ended up with it. It is small, but flips out to a rather "full sized" profile to fit your face pretty nicely and clips to your belt unobtrusively. Here are the major features I bought it for and what I now think of them:0. Size - it had to be small, and it is. It is fairly tiny. I ended up purchasing a CellStar leather case/beltclip for it (which I would highly recommend, available at BestBuy, where I got mine...it's a pretty well thought-out and well-made piece), which makes it a fair amount wider and more "conventionally-sized," but at least it is conventionally-sized when *protected* from drop damage, etc.Thumbs up for size.1. Voice notes - I was hoping I'd be able to get rid of my current digital voice recorder, but no such luck: you only get five voice notes at a maximum of thirty seconds each. What's more, you have to go through all sorts of steps just to record a blasted note (Menu > Organizer > Voice Memo > Record > Record (again, to actually start it) > Stop)...what a pain! Well, I guess I'm keeping my Digital Voice Recorder for now.2. Easy entry of a phone number - I would say this is *pretty* easy, except for one thing: the LOUSY text entry. All you do is enter the number, then hit "Save," then go through the process of selecting where you want it saved (SIM or phone memory...you SHOULD be able to just set this to a default to skip this step, but you can't), and naming it. The memory location selection thing adds an unnecessary step, in my opinion, making this process *just* step over the point of being annoying, Ultimately, it gets faster as you learn it.As an aside, I'd like to say that while I didn't give other phones as much attention as I gave this one, the text entry on this unit is really awful, and not terribly intuitive: I've played with other units that are automatically in "Ab" mode (first letter capitalized, remaining letters lower-case), but here you generally have to switch to that mode with far-flung keys in different corners of the pad. What's more, the "T9" mode (where you press a key once and it matches the keys with known words to try to guess what you are trying to say) is pretty much a joke: out of every three words I attempt, it maybe gets one right. Well, it generally does select an actual word, just not the one you want! This means you have to back-track and redo it, but first you must switch to "uppercase/lowercase" mode, blah, blah, blah.To sum the aside up, TEXT ENTRY is a PAIN. It should just default to Uppercase/lowercase mode right away, and let you select the not-always-awesome T9 mode if you wish.Other than those two main features, anything else would be icing on the cake. This unit, as mentioned previously, has no voice-activated dialing. This is not ideal, as I'd like to be able to shout a name into the phone in my car and have it do it's thing, but at least it does have speed dials. Plus, in public, I wouldn't want to be using voice-actived dialing, anyways, so it's not a total wash.The front display is nice and is nicely backlit. It has all the expected icons (voicemail, sms, signal strength, battery power, and then the time printed large with the date as well).The color screen on the inside of the unit is very nice looking, certainly brighter and prettier than others I saw in the T-Mobile store. Setting the settings is relatively easy, as is navigating through the menus and stuff.Changing the volume is easy and intuitive, right to the side of the unit. It has an IrDA transceiver on it's other side, as well, and has some IrDA functions, which I  don't use!The reception outside is always five bars, but inside it can dip as low as one bar pretty easily. This is in our thick-walled house; I was warned about T-Mobile service in our area (Verizon was recommended), but T-Mobile had better minute deals and such.Browsing WAP sites is pretty OK. The phone certainly can't just take any old site and give it to you; it seems a little erratic in what it can and cannot do. Some sites have surprised me and have displayed, while others just wouldn't display. Any WAP site is fine, generally speaking. Yahoo, Google, MSN, Dictionary.com, etc. is great.The video games you get are super-boring. The only good one is chess, but the lack of a mouse and having to use small-ish keypad buttons make it slightly more tedious than it's worth. There is a silly pipe-connecting game, a bubble-popping/pattern game and some other one so uninspiring I can't even remember what it is. I'd like to download more, but they are $3.99 each, so FORGET that. (I checked on the mystery game and it's some golf game...not at all as EXCITING as it might sound).I'm not able to comment on the battery life with any certainty at this point. I charged it fully the first time yesterday and it lasted until this morning, after a day of heavy usage. This could be good, I guess, since keeping a charge days on end would result from only occasional usage, I presume.All in all, I am pleased. The unit is my first, but there are no glaring deficiencies, so I am generally pleased, if not without a real frame of reference. Plus, this thing actually made me some money after rebate, so I have no complaints all around.