The Good:  Full features - e-mail, internet, GPS, photos, all the connections you will need (tri-band, wi-fi, 3G, GPRS, Edge).  Looks great, can carry in a pocket without knowing it's there.  It avoids many problems of the i-Phone (i.e. you can replace your own battery, and sound on calls is good.)The Bad:  Problems with almost every feature that I expect will be worked out in superior phones in the next year or two.The Big Problems:  Battery life is very short.  With even moderate e-mail or internet use, one charge will not last a full day.  And recharging takes longer than any other phone I've had.The screen is too small.  I would be happy to carry a slightly bigger phone to get another 1/2 inch larger screen.  Anyone who's shortsighted or has big thumbs will have problems using many applications and commands on the small screen.Other Problems:  Using your thumb on the screen to scroll takes quite a bit of practice, and in many applications, it's VERY difficult to avoid selecting an item when you're trying to scroll.  For example, try adding a new city in the weather application - it's nearly impossible to scroll through the list of countries and cities without selecting unintentionally, and selecting the wrong item means you have to start all over again.Windows Mobile 6.1 is billed by Microsoft as simplified access to applications compared to 6.0, but I find this software more complicated, requiring more button taps than the Windows 6.0 on my Dopod C500.  Finding various settings can be extremely difficult, since many settings appear in different places and don't always seem logical:  want to change the settings on your e-mail?  The one you're looking for could be hidden in 3 or 4 different places.Entry Device:  The "letter recognizer," using the stylus on the screen, is much faster than a QWERTY keyboard, and is great for composing a long e-mail or text message.  But to send a quick text message, using a phone pad with dictionary is still much easier and requires only one hand.  The Diamond has an on-screen phone pad available (no hardware phone pad), but changing from one entry method to another (from stylus entry to phone pad entry) with one hand is very difficult.  Unless they make changes to allow access to the phone pad faster and easier, it would be better to have a slide out hardware pad.  One of the great features on my Dopod C500 was easy switching between the phone keypad and the QWERTY keyboard.  HTC needs to work on this with the Diamond.The internal-only storage (4 gig) is large, but my guess is a changeable storage card would be better.  Also, the Diamond has only one port for charger, USB connection, or hands-free headphones, and changing the SIM card requires removal of the battery.  The camera, though advertised as 3.2 mp, is practically useless.  All the photos come out blurry, and unless taken outdoors in daylight are too dark.Finally, I use the phone in Thailand, where 3G is not available.  Using the internet with GPRS is normally very slow, and getting the internet to work when roaming in other countries is difficult.  The application to download my Hotmail rarely works, and nobody can tell me if the problem is with the phone or with the Windows Live servers.  I have to check my hotmail through the internet browser instead, which is very slow.  I have a feeling that 2 or 3 years from now, we'll have far superior download speeds on mobile phones.This phone is a very good effort, but HTC needs to work out the problems to have a really superior product.