I brought this phone 3 months ago. The shipping and packing was overall good. As I was setting this phone up I noticed that the software is not like the Galaxy period!!!!!  The screen is not bright and it would not stay on long enough. While chatting on a phone call my screen go straight blank and I have to get off the phone in order for me to see anything.  SUCKS!!!!! My phone calls lose receptions so fast and it would say" Outside 3G network"???HUH!?!?!?!?  My service is T-mobile and usually never had any issues with them at all.  I have people calling back and they reported back to me that they get a message saying that" I was outside the network and call back.,,,,,,,This is not it, Internet is so horrible I can be outside sitting somewhere in a good area where the signal is "excellent" and this phone would not connect me to the Internet and keep failing constantly. So I thought maybe i should try another cellphone provider ......I was totally wrong...IS THE PHONE....I was connecting it to regular WI-FI and how about this stupid thing would not connect!!!!!!!  I was losing my mind spending almost $160 dollars for something that only work when it feel like it.  When you attach your earphones to that phone to listen to some music...well you will hear the music like you have the speakers on while connected to the earplugs......I will make a huge complaint to amazon and have pictures to proof that this phone is not meant to be used here in the United States period.  Maybe if they upgrade this old cheap software that is on that phone they might get better reviews and business.  This phone is very fragile also !!!!!!!Phones are expensive at it is.....but I really feel in love with this Pad phone but hate everything that goes with it.  Its a totlly rip off and will post my message on every page that sell his type of phone to let people know that this is a wasting of money and just need to be careful when buying those electronics that come from overseas.  Amazon should investigate and look into these sellers that ripping people like me off with those cheap devices that don't work.  I hope the seller will be more understanding enough to return my money back and maybe need to take a good look at is own merchandise.  But somebody is going to reimburse me for this mess!!!  I am phone less at this time and it is useless.I hope that i did not took nobody joy away buying this phone...but I have to let everybody know my experience with this nightmare. Trying not to trash the seller reputation but its not fair to me when i have to take my money that I try did not had and get scammed with a defect device that would not last for a year.P.S.: I seen a lot of people was complaining about the batteries; well i think it was fine with me no problems at all but this thing has no "2G' or 3G which that shows me that this phone need a lot of maintenance!!!!!!PLEASE DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.......PLEASE CONTACT AMAZON CUSTOMER SERVICE WHO WENT THROUGH MY EXPERIENCE AND REPORT!!!!!!