Edited on 3/10/2014I've had this phone in my possession for a few months now.  I should've edited my review sooner, but better late than never, right?  Here goes:  This phone works okay if you need a replacement smartphone or if you don't plan on doing much, you may as well get a feature phone.  This phone runs out of memory a lot.  All I had to do was install iHeartRadio, Facebook & Dropbox and my phone is already telling me that the internal memory is low.  That's my biggest complaint with the phone.Old ReviewI bought this phone a few days ago because my old phone provider, Virgin Mobile, wasn't good in terms of coverage.  Sure, their pricing was okay, but I could hardly use my internet because I only got 1 bar at home, 3 to 5 in town if I'm lucky.  I was hardly able to use 3G in most places.  There was 3 areas where I could go to use 4G.  In either case of 3G or 4G, internet speeds were subpar at best and ping was a bit high as well.I decided to make the switch to T-Mobile.  I  had them once before, but with an iPhone 3G (at the time, I wasn't able to get 3G yet).  This phone is cheaper and certainly more features than the iPhone 3G.When I bought this phone, I went through the Walmart Family Plan deal.  For those of you wanting to do the same thing, be warned: T-Mobile/Wal-Mart does NOT provide you with a sim card.  You have to pay $25 ON TOP OF the service plan.  I didn't know this before buying the phone.  Even though I can get a discount through my work, I'd rather not pay that much just for a sim card if that's all it is and no credit towards the first month.  However, seeing as this is a T-Mobile phone (Wal-Mart Family Plan is covered by T-Mobile), I was able to get a hold of a temporary T-Mobile sim card and it worked.  I'm glad Wal-Mart decided not to block you from using a regular T-Mobile sim card to get you to use theirs.  I did see T-Mobile sim cards for $10 and that they still have a $30 unlimited text & data (first 5gb's of 4G) with 100 minutes for new activations.Internet:This phone does have 3G (1700/2100 band).  Living in a rural city, I get about 2 or 3mbps download speeds.  I tested this phone in two other cities.  One suburban area gave me about 4 mbps and the other area gave me an average of 5 to 6mbps.  I saw the Ping around 100 to 150MS with a decent signal.  I'm impressed by that for 3g.  I saw upload speeds around 1mbps to 2mbps.  If 3G is that fast, I can only imagine what 4G will be like when I go to upgrade to a 4G phone.  The one thing I did not know is that this phone also has a Mobile HotSpot feature.  That's a cool feature I wasn't expecting.  Last time I remember, it does cost $15 extra per month to use it.  Up to 8 devices can connect to this phone at one time for internet service.If you need to save your battery until you get a hold of a charger, there is an option to enable 2G only.  My speed tests shows I get about 100 to 300 kbps download & upload speeds in 2G mode.  However, 2G doesn't seem to work in some areas.  I went to a supermarket and 2G didn't show up inside or outside the building, leaving me with no internet.  Turning on 3G did the trick, but will burn through data faster if you're not already throttled (aka going over your data limit).Camera:T-Mobile/ZTE advertises that this phone contains a 2MP camera.  That is false information.  After looking in the camera settings, this phone takes 3MP pictures.  The photos come out okay, but I've used worse cameras for pictures.  The shutter is a bit slow, so make sure your target isn't moving until after the picture preview shows, or your subject will come out blurry.  The camera does not include Macro, which means it can't take photos up close (less than 70cm away).  The phone doesn't have flash either.The camera can record videos as well.  Like pictures, it's not the worst quality I've seen.  This phone records at a video resolution of 640x480 at up to 15 frames per second from what I've seen in my tests.  According to the quality setting mode, I can record 30 minutes at high quality or 10 minutes for YouTube.  At high quality, I believe it records at 1.5mbps.Memory:The one thing I highly dislike about this phone is that it has very low internal memory.  About 128mb's I believe.  At least a 4gb memory card was included.  I already ran out of memory once while trying to install an 8mb file, even after moving all the apps I could over to the SD card.  Turns out some apps were taking a lot of memory.I will update more later when I try the other features, such as the mobile hot spot.