This rating is for my experiences with the UNLOCKED Samsung Galaxy Nexus.Look, I loved this phone even before it came out. I was technologically obsessed with it. So, listen to my story with patience and you'll understand my frustrations.I pre-ordered the Samsung Galaxy Nexus unlocked model from an online website called Negri Electronics because they were offering it at a lower price than other sites. When it arrived, I was ecstatic. The phone was beautiful. It fits nicely in your hands, not too big and not too small. The new operating system is smooth, slick and undeniably the best that android has to offer. I used T-mobile's no-contract pre-paid data plan. (If you're in the U.S, you'd know that t-mobile has been aggressively marketing it.)After 2 months, inexplicably my phone just died. Instantaneously. It just suddenly shuts itself off while I was opening up the google maps app. After this, I cannot go to the home screen. No matter what I did. When I turn it on, it shows me the starting Google logo and then it dieds and restarts itself. And this cycle will repeat itself until the battery gives out. For your information, I did not "root" it or do anything else funky with my phone. I simply downloaded apps from the market and used it normally. And I always pride myself on taking care of my stuff. I thought okay, maybe I didn't take care of it good enough or maybe I'm just unlucky to get a phone with the glitch. So I sent it for repair under its warranty.Then, I bought myself another unlocked phone while waiting for the repairs to finish. The exact same thing. This time I bought it through Amazon on this damn page. Everything worked well just as before but. Can you guess what happened in 1.5 months? Yeah. It broke down again in the exact same way. Switched off all of a sudden again. This time when I turn it on, it got past the initial Google logo and to the fancy light show. Then, it will unexplainably restart itself again before reaching the home screen. Until the battery is used up. I was like wtf. This is ridiculous. Is it because I'm using an international phone in the U.S? Does technology just hate me?I was furious. I called Amazon customer service. They said it is already past 30 days for a return. Amazon told me to call the third party seller, WorldWide Distributors. They said it is already past 30 days for a return, they can't do anything about it. Tells me to call Samsung. I called Samsung, they said they don't have my international phone on their records so they told me to call Samsung International in the UK. When I called them, they are already closed by 6pm.So, that leaves me here right now to advise you.Before my phones broke, I love it. Hands down, it is the best android phone on the market right now. Sure, the phone's camera doesn't have as many megapixels as others. But it gets the job done faster through its insane shutter speed. And if you want megapixels, megapixels, megapixels, geez why not just get a camera instead of a phone?If you want to get this phone in the U.S, use a carrier so they can handle everything for you. Sure, it's more expensive. But it's sure as hell better than getting kicked around by "customer service". I'm so frustrated I seriously thought about getting an iphone. Yeah, go on. Judge me.As for this Unlocked-Galaxy-Nexus curse of not lasting more than 2 months, please tell me that I am not the only one with this problem. Otherwise, it'd just be too sad.Edit: I downloaded and used the GN Official Update Checker app on both phones. Both are of the "yakju" variant.Edit-Edit: I fixed the second phone by rooting it. lol? Nobody in Samsung cares. I got transferred 6 times before I  was too frustrated and gave up.