We've had tracfones for a few years now and their price and customer service are much less offensive than the mainstream carriers we've had.  (We exhausted all of them on the ISP side, then cancelled their phone/TV services and defected to Tracfone abd TV antennas in response.  I'll buy a summer cottage when I retire with the money saved.)I have not used this phone yet, but trust the other reviews.  I will vouch for Tracfone service cost, and for Amazon undercutting Tracfones cellphone prices.  We have used 2 nokias, an LG flipphone, and a Samsung slider, and Samsung slider beat the tar out of LG for the same original price as the LG (LG flip disconnects alot, Samsung slider is a solid basic workhorse).  I settled on this phone after reading bad reviews about adjacent phones and seeing the tracfoen motorola actually get pulled between one day and the next.  Worst reviews I see here were bad reception which could be luck of the draw on geography, and bad customer service which could be luck of the draw on service rep (and irrelevant once you have the phone up and running).  I've seen Tracfone either slash prices, pull phones, or pile deals on phones when the bad reviews escalate- as opposed to arranging deletion of bad reviews- so kudos to them for their honesty.  (I've seen jcp and others delete negative reviews from week to week in the past.)Price: Tracfone site has this phone for 59.99 in my area, plus free shipping, plus a free accessory kit.  They're honest on reviews, but looks like they built 'free' stuff into the 59.99 there.Price: Amazon Shopcelldeals has this phone for 32.99 plus 4.95 1-3 day shipping plus no accessory kit.  So if you want and need an accessory kit and can't find one for less than 23 dollars (or even 13 dollars if you got the T404G for 49.99 deal), Tracfone is the way to go.  Otherwise, Amazon/Shopcelldeals is good to save you 20-some bucks you can spend on.. maybe airtime cards that get blown up with the triple minutes deal on this phone. :)  I hear Amazon beats Tracfone on price for airtime cards too, and overnights them to you for free.Amazon is great for us shoppers, but I understand why Target and other big box places got out of here if Amazon is undercutting retailers' own website prices. :)  (Amazon good for small fish who will never be found on google and such though.  Easier for small fish to get in here than to get onto a Walmart shelf too.)Glad Amazon and Google survived that .com bubble burst.I will say I look forward to a QWERTY keyboard.  The pushing buttons repeatedly is tiresome when trying to mapquest stuff or google search a thing on the old sliders.  I opted out of touch screen because people complained of poor calibration, tinyness of screen, glitches, and accidentally logging into the internet and burning minutes.  I have a 4 year old at home who can call me on the LG flipphone (we kept it, but he had to call back three times to finish asking his question today).  I'm content not to see what he does with touchscreen internet access. :)  I'm fine with him speed-dialing me at work, but fine with the subtle parental control of a qwerty keyboard for toddler-proof internet access.  I look forward to a 2MP camera and video recorder as well.  I forget whether this phone uses USB or SD cards, but fine either way so icing on the cake if they do.  I have a 300 dollar canon touch screen digital camera for real stuff like trips- this would be impromptu the kid did something cute pictures or videos, or someone hit our car (awesome for insurance claims), or police brutality incident or some other use like that. :)Go Tracfone for brand and check your zip code on their site to see which phones you can use in your zip code.  Go Amazon and shopcelldeals for minutes and phones you can use in your zip code. You might Google good promo codes for bonus minutes when activating airtime that make tracfone site worthwhile to buy airtime at.  Always get at least double or triple minute for life card/capability asap.  Use your work phone number to call tracfone and activate your new phone (or for any other customer service need- so you're not listening to elevator music and gnashing your teeth as minutes beep by while on hold on your tracfone- its only a nickel a minute or something, but terrible for morale listening to minutes beep away while on hold even if it is only a few and you have a few thousand to spare).