I recently bought an unlocked version of this phone off eBay to replace a Moto Razr phone and an older Palm PDA.  It was a pain lugging both of them around and I wanted a device that had both a PDA and phone in one plus e-mail and web browsing capabilities like a Blackberry.  A tall order but this phone nearly pulls it off.Palm users will have no trouble using the familiar PalmOS apps that we've all come to know and love such as Calendar, To-Do List, and Memo Pad.  The 4-way navigation button makes it faster and easier to navigate than using the touchscreen although I do find myself whipping out the stylus every now and then.  There is no graffiti input on this PDA instead you must use either the qwerty keyboard or touchscreen which have their own inherent difficulties.  The tiny keyboard buttons are hard to press and often results in typos.  Its slower than using the touchscreen keyboard and definately not ideal for writing long e-mails and such.  The touchscreen on this phone is not as forgiving as the one on my old Handspring Visor.  You have to be extremely gentle when weilding the stylus because even a small amount of pressure can cause yellow spots to form on the LCD screen.  I use the touchscreen occassionally with great care and with a protective cover on the screen and yet I still got a faint yellow spot on the LCD within days.  For me this is the most dissappointing thing about this phone.As a phone the Treo 600's performance is mediocre to average at best.  It gets horrible reception indoors.  People often complain about static when I'm inside buildings.  Poor reception is also accompanied by a loud, annoying buzzing noise that both people on the line can hear.  I looked it up on the web and discovered through  user reviews that this was an all-too-common problem amongst many Treo 600 users.  When it does get good reception, however, the call quality is superb even better than my Moto Razr.  The speakerphone is nice and loud although it can be hissy sometimes.But my favorite feature by far is the ability to send and receive e-mail.  Using the Snappermail app (the built-in mail app isn't very good), I can seamlessly link up to my Gmail account and use push e-mail just like on a Blackberry.  Plus, its a lot cheaper to use T-zones for e-mail and Internet access on a Treo than the Internet/E-mail plans offered by T-mobile for Blackberrys.All in all, this is a phone I can live with for the time being although I am ever so-concerned about the LCD screen going bad with use.  The fragile screen, hard to use keypad, and subpar phone are the only real drawbacks of this phone but they are serious enough that anyone thinking of getting this phone should give it a good, hard second look.  I've heard the Treo 650 has fixed some of these problems and if that's true I would definately consider it over the 600.  I do plan to upgrade to another smartphone in a few months when my contract expires such as T-Mobile MDA or Treo 650.