I was originally planning to purchase an iPhone. However, after seeing this phone on Amazon, along with many positive reviews and an excellent price ($150 after rebate), this phone looked to have the right price and features for my needs. In particular, I wanted strong messaging capabilities, WiFi, a few games, and reasonably capable web browsing to check the news, my RSS feeds, weather, stocks, etc. However, I really don't need (or want to pay for) the more advanced iPhone capabilities.I've had the phone for just over 2 days now, and my experience has been consistent with many of the other reviewers. For example, I really like the keyboard and overall construction and form-factor. The core applications like email, web browsing, calendar, and address book also meet or exceed my expectations. However, I found parts of the setup and configuration to be counter-intuitive and the software and handset as a whole to be less "seamlessly integrated" than I would have hoped for.The above being said, now that I've fully configured this phone, and I'm further along the Symbian learning curve, I believe for as long as I own this phone, it will prove to be an excellent value; i.e., it has excellent features, capabilities, and performance for the price.A few specific pros and cons include:* "Virtual GPS" with Google maps - If you purchase this phone, I'd definitely download Google Maps. Having done so, I was pleasantly surprised to find Google Maps used the cell-tower method to give a "virtual GPS" location within 200 meters (at least for me on AT&T;), and fully integrated this information with its other capabilities.* Software and handset capabilities not seamlessly integrated - For example, I purchased a 4GB mini-SD card, and proceeded to fill it with hundreds of photos in numerous folders. By default, the built in photo browser doesn't include the folder structure on the SD card, but instead lists all the photos as one big flat list. There is a work-around to organize the pictures into a second set of "folders" on the phone, but why is this duplicate organization necessary? There are also 3rd party photo browsers you can download/purchase. As another example, I configured the start-up screen to show some contact information to call if someone finds my lost phone, but also configured the phone with a lock code; however, the phone only displays the startup splash screen *after* the lock code has been successfully entered, sort of defeating the value of my "if found" splash screen. In general, many of the features and capabilities on this phone work very well individually, but there's room for improvement to make all these features integrate more smoothly with respect to the likely workflow of a person using the phone.* Email setup was a snap - When I started using the phone, it prompted me with a step-by-step (wizard based) configuration of email. In a few steps, the phone was properly configured for my gmail account. However, in the future, using email as a representative example, I'd suggest Nokia put more effort to simplify/automate common tasks in the initial setup process, such as pairing with my bluetooth headset, or specifying predictive or non-predictive text entry.* Awkward Connection Management - Most of the built in applications have a choice to always connect to a specific WiFi/3G/Edge connection, or to always choose a connection during startup - Wouldn't it have been simpler to specify a prioritized list of connections to try, such as your home WiFi first, then 3G?* Lots of keyboard shortcuts - I'm still learning many of the keyboard shortcuts, such as pressing and holding the "Home" button to display a list of open applications, pressing and holding the email button to start a new email, or pressing and holding the calendar button to enter a new meeting. While there's a learning curve, I'm appreciating the added efficiency of these shortcuts.* Works well with iSync - Being a Mac user, I downloaded the iSync plugin. So far, I've found iSync does a job synchronizing the phone with my local iCal calendar and Mac address book.