I got one of these in July - at that time they were selling them as double minute phones.  After I got the phone, it seemed to me that I was using minutes faster than usual.  I wasn't paying close attention, so it took me a few months to realize that the phone was deducting 3 units for every minute I talked on the phone, as well as 1.2 units for every text message.  I called the company, and after spending about an hour and a half entering codes unsuccessfully into the phone, they sent me a new one.  I asked about the minutes I had lost, and was initially told that nothing could be done, and then that I should ask about it once I received the new phone.  When I received the replacement phone, I called and again asked about my lost minutes - they activated the phone and told me there was nothing they could for me.  I asked to speak to a manager, and after I had been on hold for 20 or 30 minutes, to my surprise a manager did pick up.  (Until that moment I didn't believe that Tracfone managers existed - I was fully expecting to be disconnected or left on hold forever.)  He told me that because the old phone was now inactivated, they could not retrieve records to determine how many calls I had made, and therefore would not refund my minutes - even though they were the ones who had refused to address my complaint until after the new phone was activated!  Eventually after some arguing, he gave me back some minutes - a little less than 1/3 of what I had lost.  Total time spent on the second call:  another 1 1/2 hours.As a result of this experience, I was not especially interested in spending extra money to buy airtime from a phone company that had ripped me off.  However, in general Tracfone provides very inexpensive service with policies that are more generous than those of other prepaid cell phone companies. I have used them for years without previous problems, so I decided to stick with them.  I bought this phone (my third of this model since July!) because at the price of a 1-year card, the phone was essentially free, and the triple minutes would allow me to pay the minimum for airtime in the future.  The phone came with a label taped to the outside of the box with a very unofficial-looking PIN code on it, and I was a little worried that it wouldn't work.  However, I activated the phone and the PIN code worked just fine, giving me the 1200 minutes and 1-year subscription.  This is a great deal for this phone, and I highly recommend it.  Just watch when you get it to make sure it's deducting the correct number of minutes per call!Also note:  if you buy a one-year subscription from the Tracfone web site, they offer you the chance to buy additional minutes and/or add a second year.  Currently, if you own a triple-minute phone, you can buy 400 minutes for $25 (of course, on this phone that turns out to be 1200 minutes), and a second year's subscription for $50.  This means that you can get a second year of service at a $25 discount from the first.  I don't know if this works when buying air time from the phone, but I know that users of double-minute phones are not offered anything like as good a deal.  Adding airtime with a PIN code did not allow me to buy the extra time.