The first time I saw this phone, I knew I had to get it. It looked so stylish, and at such a reasonable price. It had many features I liked, like the 5mp camera, 2.4 inch screen (I cant handle anything smaller than that) and sliding lens cover, which doubled as a camera on/off switch.I kept this phone for about 2 months before I lost it. I bought a SE w902 to replace it, but I missed my ZN5 too much, and 2 weeks ago, bought a new ZN5 and sold the SE.Likes:- Stylish. eg flat keypad, "take the photo" button is stylishly disguised as a diagonal purple chrome button on the side.- Bright screen with scratch resistant glass- very shiny, smooth and nice.- The default purple Kodak theme for the UI is attractive imho.- Slim, yet solid build.- Easy to open a new sms message and send. To send, just press "send" once, unlike other brands, where you have to press "send", then press "yes" for "are you sure?"- Very customisable menu- can reorder items and lists.- Affordable.- Comes with 3.5mm headphone jack, so can use your own.- Camera:*Quality is so good that you can use as an actual camera, if you dont mind a fixed lens camera. Of course, be sure to charge the battery before you go out.*Panoramic photo feature is interesting, and often results in a good quality pic.*Like many mobile phones, you can take multiple photos quickly. However, most will only let you do it as VGA size, or maybe let you choose one ("best shot"). The ZN5 will let you save all the photos you take, and at full size- up to 5mp. Excellent.*Sliding lens cover doubling as quick on/off switch is practical.*Dedicated buttons for viewing photos.*5mp camera takes good photos, especially in good light.*Camera xenon flash is very bright, excellent for indoor photos in the same room.*Kodak software fix works well to lighten up dark or underexposed parts of a photo.Dislikes:- My second phone has a glitch. After I take a photo, it saves, then the screen goes black, as if you have closed the lens cover. All the other software lists are there, just no picture. My first ZN5 never had this problem.- My first ZN5 did, however, turn itself off after being turned on for a few minutes. I have read others online saying this is because the battery slips from its contact slightly, turning the phone off. My second ZN5 doesnt have this problem.- Video is pitiful. I mean it is so bad that it looks grainy, even on the 2.4 inch screen. Such a waste of high quality lens.- Battery got hot after prolonged camera use.- The word "Kodak" on the camera lens cover. I dont think Kodak is a very prestigious brand and detracts from the Motorola.- The sms dictionary is still screwy- strange words instead of the expected word, and you cant add words to a customised dictionary (well, I havent found out how to, at any rate)- Camera- Panoramic feature only lets you move horizontally, so cant get vertical collage effect like with the SE "manual" panoramic feature.-mp3 player is ok, but not as good as SE.- Reception was poor on my first ZN5, and average on my second one. Dont know what the hype about Crystal Talk is, because there was no crystal with my talking.- After downloading the contacts from my sim card, it added "/1" to the end of every contact. No idea why that is. eg "Adam" become "Adam/1"There's probably more things I do and dont like, but I cant think of them at the moment. Overall, it's not perfect, but I like it and I think I'll be keeping it for a while.Should you buy it? It depends on what you want. Do you need video? Give it a miss. Want a lot of fancy features and games? Give it a miss.Want a stylish slim phone with a great camera at a low price? The ZN5 should be in your top 3 list of phones to try out.