I use for business one blackberry and before that I had used since 1997 Nokia. As I dislike the hype about iPhones and I wanted a keyboard I went for the Nokia e71.On first look it is a convincing product. On second look unfortunately not. A few key shortcomings:- camera quality is mediocre, seems to have no autofocus and very poor flashlight quality- keyboard inferior to Blackberry- SMS cannot be forwarded as emails or to email accounts- Chinese language input extremely clumsy. No real predictive writing possible for multicharacter words, which is pretty much the norm for typing in Chinese on phone and computers. That this feature is not available was confirmed to me by Nokia customer service, as I could not believe that a 'smart'phone aimed also at the Chinese market would not support such an essential feature.- In Chinese the input is only character by character, e.g. 1st character, press return, 2nd character, return..... Imagine having to press return after every single letter in an SMS- GPS - I needed to install google maps, the Nokia preinstalled version simply does not work- everything seems to go via a cascade of menues and the menues on the homescreen are very limited.- some entries can be confirmed with the ok button, some with the return button and some with the central large button. The attribution when which button confirms is random- There is no simple key to lock the phone, one simply has to wait until it locks by itself- when returning an SMS the original SMS is not part of the returned message ('threaded' I think is the correct term).- tried to install lotus notes for traveller. The phone, at some step, insists to connect some WLAN which it had found. As this WLAN is password protected, I cannot. The phone does then not allow me to continue to GPRS and continue the setup.- after taking a picture the camera screen freezes and asks for 'Options' rather than letting me simply take the next picture. If I press the release button a second time, I am simply lead to even weirder menues- Nokia people simply LOVE menues, submenues, submenues thereof etc. etc.- when running out of power the phone always experiences a major crash and needs a significant reloading to revive - just to connect it to the charger does not do the job, one has to wait for >30min before being able to use the phone again, even if it is connected to the charger.- the phone simply loves to ask me if it should use GPRS for internet connection, even if their is no WLAN or else around.- cannot charge via USB, I found this out the hard way during a business trip.- vibrating is VERY soft, basically imperceptible- no simple, fast way to switch between vibrating and non-vibrating mode (when stepping in and out of meetings you want to be able to switch in a fast way)- email client does not have a search function- every use, even the most simple one, requires tedious downloads and installations (yahoo mail, hotmail, ovi maps......). I am glad I did not have to download an app for phoning..... And as the OVI store has decided that I am Chinese (due to me living in China) I am automatically directed to its Chinese homepage, with no way to opt for English or access their English homepage.- even though I have registered as a Nokia user, for each help request I again have to give my complete home adress, phone no. etc.- the phone deleted today by itself all preinstalled applications, giving me only the warning that these programs, which were installed by Nokia, pose a security threat- after taking a photo I cannot take another one immediately. First I have to press the 'back' button and then I can make another photo again.I am sure that if I wanted to go through the internet FAQs related to the e71 I would find lot of helpful advice on how to deal with the above problems. Probably some of the above only are because I do not understand all the options correctly. For some issues I probably need to download a few apps.BUT - the point is, for doing all of the above on my BB I did not need to visit any internet sites, I did not need to download anything, I did not once have to look at the manual, it was simple and intuitive.