This is a great smartphone by Samsung.  I just got it a few days ago and let me tell you it blows my Nokia 6620 (also a Smartphone) out of the water.  The phone is great.  It has great reception, quadband, yadda yadda (why restate the specs when they are right up above this review anyways?!)Battery life seems decent - I have yet to use the phone for a full day as I just activated it yesterday.  Amazon.com fails to tell you that you actually get two batteries and an external charger/case for the second one.The only problem I have with this phone are the buttons - and I'm not talking about the tiny qwerty keyboard; that's just fine for my fingers.  I'm talking about the send and end button - the end is more of a problem.  If you are doing anything with this phone while on a call with someone, be careful as you may accidentally hang up on them.  The buttons should have been raised or something, and made a little smaller so they aren't touching the rocker pad.  The back button does take a little getting used to as well.  Sometimes you will expect it to take you to the last screen you saw and it will end up dumping you back on the Today screen - not a big deal but still a minor annoyance.As far as the "number spacing" it's not a problem.  Actually it's a feature.  What Samsung has done with this phone is set 2 buttons on the keypad for every number (except 0, *, and #).  The letter directly to the right of the number you want will also activate that number when dialing a number on the phone.  You can even press down both keys at the same time and it will only register as one button press.E-mail setup was a breeze.  I am using the built-in POP setup for GMail, and I have Yahoo! Go also set to sync to the phone. The sheer number of applications available for this phone give anyone who buys it lots of flexibility and options.  Just beware that The MIssing Sync still seems to have a few issues (not sure if it's with the phone or not - I can't sync my address book through it, cause of some retarded error).Pros:Easy to useComes with 2 batteriesVery flexible due to all the applications available for downloadLook at the specs 'cause I am too lazy to list the rest.Cons:Back button takes a little getting used toSend/End buttons are too easy to accidentally press.I am giving this phone 4 stars due to the problem with the send and end buttons.  I'm sure I won't always have a problem with this, but Samsung could have designed it a little bit better.  All-in-all I am very happy with my "purchase" (well, I got the phone free, but I would still buy it if I wasn't offered it free [I know people are gonna hate me for that =P].)  If you need e-mail on-the-go or just want an easier time text messaging - this phone is probably for you.