How can you write about a phone that just plain rocks?  Easily, of course!  I've been using the predecessor to this phone, the Samsung Focus, since it came out in 2010.  I have been nothing but pleased with that phone and so when the new Samsung Focus S was announced I wasted no time trying one out -- it was an easy sell after I used it for about 5 minutes!If you haven't used the new Windows Phone you really don't know what you are missing.  Forget everything you know about the iPhone and Android.  Windows Phone has really redefined what a smart phone should be -- not a device that becomes a chore to use or a distraction to everyday life, but rather a device that let's you focus on your life and integrates your social networks and other happenings together.  I challenge anyone looking to get a new smartphone to just try Windows Phone for 15 minutes -- I guarantee you will fall in love (or at least deep lust!)Having said all that, let's talk about the new Focus S shall we?First off, let's talk screen size -- it's huge!  4.3 AMOLED that is as vivid as the picture makes it appear.  No more struggling to read text or "fat fingering".  This device was built for those who have big hands in mind!  You have so much screen real estate your brain may think you are actually using a tablet.  It's huge!  Ok, ok - so I'm going a little overboard now, but trust me, the screen is bright, vivid and large.With this latest generation of the Focus they have also bundled a front-facing camera.  This makes it easy to not only do video calls, but also makes it very convenient to take self-photos.  Granted, the front camera is just a mere 1.3 megapixels compared to the 8 megapixel rear camera -- but it gets the job done and then some.  Speaking of the rear camera, you are going to quickly find that with this incredible 8 megapixel rear facing camera you are going to be questioning the need to lug around a digital camera.  It takes amazing pictures -- plus with the Windows Phone integrations you are just a touch away from uploading them to Facebook, Twitter, Flickr or a myriad of other photo sharing sites.Speed wise the phone is very responsive.  I've had multiple background apps running and have not noticed any noticeable lag. Some folks might be concerned that it is only a single-core processor, but you know what -- Windows Phone is designed to work without the need of dual-core processors.  I've yet to see the phone become bogged down, and again even my original Focus never had a problem keeping up.  Remember those dual-core phones come with a price -- battery power!With 16GB of on-board memory you get plenty of storage -- but I will say I am a bit dissapointed that there is no slot for adding additional memory cards.  However, even on my original Samsung Focus I only had 10GB total of memory even with a memory card and I never was hurting for space -- even with keeping a ton of photos and a few podcasts loaded onto the phone.Battery life wise I get a good 24-30 hours out of each charge, but I should say I am a heavy user of the phone.  I constantly am taking photos, I have both my personal and work e-mail integrated into the phone, and use quite a few applications.  I'd recommend you go ahead and pick up a car charger for the phone because I promise you, you are going to find it hard to put down when you start using it!Overall, I'm very pleased and am so happy I went with the Windows Phone platform.  I'd love to see them add back in a memory expansion slot for future designs, but right now I'm having a blast with the new phone -- and I even handed my old phone down to a family member who is equally as happy (wouldn't you be as well if you got a free phone?)