This phone is something special...extraordinary, even. I've owned or seen many wonderfully designed products (Apple's included) but the N9 exists on a whole different plane of beauty and elegance. I didn't buy it for the functionality (apps are everything for smartphones, and only Apple's iOS or Android win here), I bought it for its design.Unlike every other phone on the market (save Nokia's own Lumia phones), this thing exists and feels as one piece. It is carved out of a single polycarbonate (plastic) block, and the entire front face of the phone is the screen, covered by a sheet of Corning Gorilla glass that curves down slightly towards the edges, so that it sits flush with the phone's body. There's not a single hard edge anywhere, no small crevices, no screws. Nothing else out there feels as exquisite in the hand!And the screen is the second most important thing. Yes, it's not as dense pixel-wise as Apple's iPhone 4 (300 pixels per inch). But it comes quite close, at 256 ppi, which is still far higher than any television or computer screen out there. And the color and contrast! If you've ever looked at some of Samsung's high-end Android phones or tablets, you've seen the amazing color vibrancy and punch of their screens. Well this phone uses the same technology, and the colors pop, and the black is truly black. It is stunning, and I prefer it over the screens that Apple uses.Third, the OS. It's every bit as intuitive as Apple's, and I believe it improves upon it in many ways. There's only one gesture you really have to learn besides tapping, and that's swiping. There's no physical or virtual home button, and no little tray of icons at the bottom of the screen. It's just a grid of colorful icons that you scroll through vertically. To find or change to any apps you currently have open, you simply swipe to the right, and you see them all in card view. To get back, just swipe to the left. Nokia has their own font they've designed, and I like it better than any other font I've seen designed for the screen.Another crucial factor with smartphones is battery life. I don't use my N9 real intensely (like listening to a lot of music, or watching movies) and I'd say I average a little more than a day's worth of use per full charge. I use mine on AT&T;'s network and I've had no problems whatsoever. Gmail works great with the mail app. Browsing the web is a smooth, pleasant experience. I've put my own pictures, music, and documents on it from my iBook G4 over USB, without any extra software. It takes good pictures, but struggles in low-light. The keyboard is also an important factor, and this one is great. I tend not to like typing on the small onscreen keyboards all smartphones have, but this one is bearable, almost enjoyable. With the recent Meego update, a Swipe keyboard is also included. There are social apps included (Facebook, Twitter) but I don't really use them (though, from the once I've used it, the Facebook app is quite attractive.)For those like myself, who truly appreciate superb design, flawless execution, and impeccable build quality, the Nokia N9 will surpass your expectations!