I had been using the Samsung Galaxy S2 for a couple of months before I got the S3 and while I was really not pleased with the price, this is an outstanding phone.  I have a sister and a niece that have the I-Phone and they both swear by it, but switching my carrier was not an option for me.  My husband is in the computer business and is always researching (and sometimes getting) the newest devices, he actually does programming of android apps so I trust his opinion.  He is actually the reason that I got the Samsung Galaxy S2 and I literally fell in love with that phone.  It was the first phone that my husband had gotten for me that I actually used for more than just making/receiving calls!  I found myself checking my emails at work, searching the web for things that co-workers were talking about, and actually playing games on my phone!  I gave my S2 to my daughter so that I could justify me getting the S3, and as of today, I have not regretted that move not once.First off, let me tell you that the S3 (just like the S2) has gorilla-glass and this is the number 1 reason to get this phone, especially if you have children or are prone to drop things.  Trust me, when you pay up to $500 for a phone (or anything else for that matter) then you want to at least know that in the event that you accidentally drop it, that it is not the end of the line for your purchase.  The gorilla-glass makes the front of the phone virtually unbreakable, I mean you are not going to be able to scratch the screen or crack it unless you literally take a nail and a hammer and work at it!Now, for the S3, let me tell you...Siri has finally gotten some competition!  S-Voice is amazing!  And I love to tell her thank you because she always responds with "my pleasure" or "your welcome".  She makes finding places, checking on the weather, checking the traffic or just looking for the best time/place to see a movie so much easier than before.  I was going to ask for a tablet but no more, why bother?I have heard people complain that the phone is too large.  But honestly, the day after I got this phone and brought it into the office, people were arguing with me because they thought I didn't really have the S3 because they thought it was a lot bigger than it was.  It fits in my hand perfectly and yet has a screen that is large enough for me to check out the web w/out feeling like I am losing something by not looking things up on a standard PC.All the buttons are user friendly, you just have to get used to where they are and what all they do.  Hey, when you buy a car and learn that the volume control is also located on the steering wheel, do you not get the car?  Do you not use the option offered to you?  No, you change with innovation and with the S3 all the changes are worth it!Bottom line, I would recommend this phone to everyone that I know that can appreciate a quality android phone.  There is a reason that this phone has been in such big demand.  If you get the chance...get it...you will not regret your purchase.