I bought this phone from a Sprint store a little over 2 yrs ago and it has been not only the worst cell phone I have owned, but also the worst cellular service!The internet is hard to use and is super slow. The ribbon that connects the keyboard to the screen started to go bad after about a year of average use, so when I opened the keyboard it would make the phone shut off right in the middle of a text- or just shut off immediately. When I would answer the phone and slide the bar to "answer" it would cut off my call. I'd say 90% of the time I had poor service and my calls would get dropped or would cut in and out. Within the last few months I have been unable to send and receive texts without having to go through the troubleshooting steps to correct it temporarily- after calling and complaining FOUR times to Virgin Mobile customer service. Also, I have not been receiving voicemail notifications so my voicemails would sit in my in-box for days before I would see that I had one, and a few time it wouldn't even show me that anyone had called!Oh, don't get me started on the customer service! They are the WORST customer service team. When I asked why I could not send or receive texts or voice messages, the customer service rep told me there were no towers being upgraded in my area so that would not be the issue. Then I call the next day-with the same issue- and I am told that there are towers in my area being upgraded and that is why I am having these issues. I immediately called them out on it and they tried to change the subject! I cannot believe the inconsistency in information I am given and all they want to do is apologize but not actually do anything! You can never talk to the same person you talked to last time because no one knows who it was and they are not even all in the same location. When I asked if I have to go through the same troubleshooting steps each time I cannot send or receive my texts, I was told yes. I should NOT have to troubleshoot every time I want to text someone and the fact that it was even suggested shows what a horrible phone it is and how poor the service is. I'll admit one of the girls I spoke with was nice, but not very helpful. The others were rude, cut me off when I was talking, lied to me, did not document anything I told them in previous calls- so ended up re-explaining every time I called, did not even listen to what I was saying- this includes a "supervisor" which I suspect was JoeSchmo sitting next to him and no one of actual authority.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE OR USE VIRIGN MOBILE!I love Amazon and use it for just about all of my purchases, so this review is nothing against the Amazon company.