I switched to this phone from the Motorola T720i, and boy what an improvement.  The T720i was large, flimsy, and slooooooow - naviging the menus was an excersize in frustration.  The E105 fit the bill perfectly with its small size, good construction, and fast menus.The E105's full color screen looks fantastic and adding a picture is as easy as sending an email to your phone with an attached 128x128 pixel jpg image.  Callers sound good on the phone and not at all tingy, and I've had good reports from people I call about how I sound.  Polyphonic ringtones sound great and plenty loud, but unfortunately Samsung didn't include an option to assign specific ring tones to individual contacts or to assign downloaded tones to some events such as an incoming message.  Battery life is good enough for even heavy use, meaning you'll never run it out in less than a day.  A Lithium-ion battery is included, so you can charge the phone whenever you're near a charger without worrying about battery memory.The case is very well designed and all the parts fit together nicely.  It is not at all wobbly at the hinge like some clamshell flip phones can be.  The buttons have a good tactile feedback and logical placement.The built in organizer is very useful and the monthly calender is a great feature (you can view a standard calender layout for the month).  You also have the ability to set three independent types of alarms with the option to have the phone power on for an alarm event.  It also has a voice memo feature to leave yourself a reminder, though there is no voice dialing feature on the phone.The WAP browser (Tzones) works quickly, though somewhat oddly.  Depending on what kind of link you're viewing, you may have to choose Options > Select to select the link rather than just selecting it...there doesn't seem to be any rhyme or reason to it.  There is also no way to access bookmarks stored on the phone once you're in Tzones - you have to exit out of tzones to get to them.  Fortunately, T-Mobile has the option to store bookmarks online in your Tzones menu.  When viewing pictures or listening to ring tones online you don't get an option to save, as they are automatically saved any time you view/listen to one.  If you didn't want it, you have to go into your phone and delete it.  If you did, you'll want to go into your phone and  rename it.All in all, despite some minor issues the phone is strong in all the areas required to make it a great phone and I'm glad I purchased it!Pros:Compact & LightweightGood Construction (not wobbly like some clamshell flip phones)Fast MenusGreat Color ScreenLoud Polyphonic RingerGood Buttons w/Tactile FeedbackCons:No Voice DialingSome WAP Browser OdditiesCan't Assign Ring Tones To Individual Contacts*Edit 08/18/04:The phone is still going strong, and I'm still very satisfied it!  A couple of items to correct though:First; although there is indeed no way to assign ring tones to individual contacts, you can assign ring tones to contact groups (of which you can have 10), and then you can assign individual contacts to one of your 10 groups.Second; the Tzones browser has some features that I missed.  For selecting links, you can use the Tzones button in the center of the navigation 4-way, which eliminates the oddities that I found using the top-left soft key.  By pressing and holding the # key, you CAN access your saved favorites while in Tzones.  And finally, pressing and holding the * key will bring up a Tzones-specific menu while you're in the Tzones browser.