I hate the music widget on my lock screen. I DON'T WANT TO SEE THIS EVERY TIME I LOOK AT MY PHONE!  I could not get rid of it so I was on the phone with Samsung for over 40 minutes before they were finally able to get rid of it from my screen.  That does not include the time I spent trying to fix it on my own, searching Android forums and Google, so this issue probably wasted about 90 minutes of my life that I cannot get back.UPDATE:Okay, that problem was finally solved and I figured out how to solve it for the future.  The Music app automatically places a widget on the Lock screen each time you use it.  To remove it I have found that you can clear the cache for that app and then it goes away.  As it turns out it's actually not a bad feature when listening to music as it allows you to control the music without unlocking the phone, but I wish Samsung would make it clear how to remove it if you don't want to see it.  Still, 90 minutes of time lost does not make me happy, but it's not as bad an idea as I originally thought.However, using the SD card is not as simple as I think it should be.  I spent another hour in a live chat with Samsung trying to find my music to move my music to the SD card.  16GB is not enough for my apps and my music and photos etc, so the SD card slot was a selling point for me.  During the online chat with a Samsung rep, we finally figured out where the photo files are stored and moved them to the SD card, but we could not find my music files.  I know they're on the native memory because you can see it in the settings when you look at the storage usage, but when we tried to find them we could not, even after going through just about every folder on the phone.  During that conversation the rep also told me there is no setting to make the phone automatically store music and photos files etc. on the SD card, "it's a limitation of the device," she said.  In my opinion that's a big failure on Samsung's part.  Moving data files and telling the system where to store them should be an easy task, IMO!  I realize that apps are best left on the native memory, and some simply won't allow you to put them anywhere else, which is why the SD Card slot was one of the selling points for me.  However, if I can't make use of it, it's pointless, and it amounts to false advertising IMO.So, even though I finally figured out Music widget issue, the memory card issue is enough for me to leave my rating at 2 stars.  The rep's final suggestion was to take the device to Verizon and see if they could figure it out.  Driving all over town, and wasting time on the phone and in live chat sessions for something as basic as using an SD card is not my idea of a well designed device.  So, unless you have the time and the patience to spend on issues like this, I don't recommend this device.  On the other hand, it does have alot of very nice features that I realyl like.  So, if and when Samsung gets these issues sorted out, and trains their support staff to help people quickly, I might upgrade the rating.