I have had the phone for over 24 hours so far. Great phone. Good sound, good voice, fast O.S. Good signal reception all around, though in N. NJ that is not really a problem.I charged it initially at home with the included AC charger, and at the office hooked it up with the included USB cable and saw the phone charging while I was playing with it and synching up my calendar.I swapped my SIM card from the old phone, (HTC Hermes/ATT 8525), to this one and it worked right away. ATT mediaNet needed no configuration even though I had only added data/texting to my account from online only minutes before. WiFi works well in my home. This is my first time using ATT MediaNet so I can't really comment, but it helped me compare prices on a microwave oven from inside a store. Amazon got an order for a microwave once I got home and I saved over $50. It is nice not hunting for a WiFi signal as I used to do. Glad I finally succumbed to paying for ATT's service. I am not comfortable with Nokias included browser yet, but it seems to work well. I may try Opera.I can work with office documents and synch up with my outlook calender faster than I could with my old HTC/ATT Win 6.1 smart phone. Nokia PC Suit is leagues ahead of MS Active Synch, and puts Motorola's software to the shame it deserves.Folks that play with it are amazed at how fast the phone responds when selecting applications. Instant response instead of a second or so wait as many Windows based phones have.The one issue I have had is I can not get the included headset to work properly as a headset. I suspect it is intended as just a music headset, but no matter what I do I can not get loud enough sound out of it, and the manual has no mention of it other than showing where to plug it in. When you attach the headset the phone asks what you want to use it as. Whether I select headset or headphones it does not seem to work well. The phone will warn you to use the phone mic. I recommend getting a better headset/headphones when you buy the phone, I am doing that right after I post this. Maybe with more use I can sort it out. I only tested it by calling my office voice mail, since I did not want to annoy friends and family by making them guinea pigs.This brings up the 3.5 mm jack the phone has. I am often on support calls. Sometimes for hours at a time. (Yes, I am an I.T. peon). I did not consider this when thinking about the phone, but there are NO standard headsets that use 3.5 jacks that I can find, they almost all use 2.5. The headsets that do use 3.5 are either iPhone style earbuds, which I find very uncomfortable, or ones intended for PC gaming, which use TWO plugs and are not usable on a phone. Not an over-the-ear one in the bunch. So I am stuck using bluetooth, which loses power fast and can't last long anough, or getting a clunky adapter so I can use a standard 2.5 mm headset, or trying an iphone earbud style headset that has the microphone in the wire, not on a boom, which has poor voice quality compared to a boom and hurts my ears after a few minutes. Slightly disappointing.I do like having the hidden qwerty keyboard, as I did with my prior phone, so that it is there when needed for documents, email, texting etc, but out of the way otherwise. Someday I may try a tablet-style phone, like the E71 or a blackberry, but this works well for me.One big reason I got this phone is the number pad for dialing. While touch screens are nice, having them as the only interface to the phone is a mistake.If you need to dial a number fast, such as 911, it can be very tough to do. Number pads are better, and if the primary use of the phone is as, well, a PHONE, it makes sense. It fits easily into my shirt pocket. I do not need to hang it on my belt and feel like Batman as I would with a tablet PDA.But touch screens are useful. I think this phone would benefit from one for navigating the menus, it would probably be faster than using the various keys. The screen could be larger, there would be room to extend it if Nokia moved the logo from the top of the phone.There is a lot left to play with on this, like the multiple profiles, etc. So there is still more to learn on this.But all-in-all, even with the headset issue, this is the best phone I have had yet, whether smart-phone or not. If this is an indication of where Nokia is going, they are going in the right direction.