I've been eagarly anticipating the next Windows Phone. This Nokia is that.First, I'll list my past devices (you need to know what I'm basing this review off of)  *Blackberry Curve (Blackberry)  *Palm Treo 750w (Windows)  *iPhone 2G (iOS)  *iPhone 3gs (iOS)  *Samsung Captivate (Android)  *HTC Inspire (Android)  *Samsung Focus (Windows Phone 7)  *Samsung Infuse (Android)  *HTC Vivid (Android)  *HTC Titan 2 (Windows Phone 7.5)  *iPhone 4S (iOS)  *Samsung Galaxy S3 (Android)  *Nokia 920 (Windows Phone 8)If you look at that list, you'll see a lot of different devices, but you'll see 2 earlier flagship Windows Phone devices too. I tried each instance of Windows Phone on the best one available for my network at the time. Early on, I knew this OS had promise. I'm sure its not for everyone, but I have found it to be just as stable and reliable as iOS. It is not as customizable as Android, but well more so than iOS. And honestly, its customizeable enough. No widgets, but the live tiles take care of that.This phone is faster and has a better battery life that EVERY other phone I've ever used. The processor is about average for devices of the day, so I can only assume it uses its resources more efficiently. The phone seems to always know where I am; with Android and iOS devices, they can sometimes take a few seconds (as much as 30-45) to locate you (with Android, because I turned off location to save battery life, with iOS, just because it doesn't track as well). This phone always knows where I am, right away. The mapping software is better than AppleMaps, by a lot, and as good as google maps. I haven't had issues with Nokia's voice guided navigation software, except for a few bugs in the beginning that a software update solved. I get a full 18 hours of use out of this phone if I limit my useage. If I just use the phone like there's no tomorrow, I'll get at least 10. Better than any other smartphone I've used.The screen is beautiful. Higher pixel density than Apple's Retina display, and you can tell. Beautiful. I don't know what other reviewers are talking about blacks looking gray. Not on my screen. Everything looks crisp and clear with amazing colors. Its made out of a nice polycarbonate rubberized plastic. That I like. Doesn't scratche and doesn't get fingerprints. I've dropped it a few times, still works like champ. Definitely feels like a premium phone...more so than the Galaxy S3, less than the iPhone. Still has that Gorilla Glass that's so hard to break. Camera is excellent, but more on that later. About 3 weeks into ownership an OTA upgrade improved it dramatically. Now I would say 'excellent'. No grainy-ness during the daytime. Amazing at night. Better than the iPhone 5.PHONE CONS: Its big and clunky. Switching from the Galaxy S3, its like goinging from a Ferarri to a Mercedes S500. Small and sleek to Big and Boat Like. I got used to it...I'm a big guy, which means big hands and a large frame. That means big pockets too. The size didn't bother me after a while. It'll probably bother you for a little longer, but you'll get used to it too. I was pretty disappointed with the camera when I got it. Nokia overhyped it, but primarily the camera was down right bad in daylight; downright grainy. Very good in low light, but still really disappointing in the day time. That has since been fixed by a firmware update.Windows Phone 7 and 7.5 were betas...and like Microsoft has in the past, they tossed that out into the world onto an unsuspecting public. Even then it had promise. Anyone who uses it freely with an open mind will see that. It is the only phone OS that I've used that is only as complicated as you let it be.Windows Phone 8 is excellent, still not perfect, but better than everything else out there. The appstore has some growing to do. You'll find it lacking in Games, a lot of the games are oriented towards the 'killing time' area rather than the 'killing zombies' area. I would love to see a good first person shooter. If you switch over, you can count on missing about 4 apps. They'll probably be different for you than the apps I miss. I am confident the apps will come. I was missing `Pulse News Reader,' for about 2 months. Now there's something similar, an app I can only refer to as a Pulse-knock-off. Just as good though. There are some quirks with Windows Phone 8 that are infuriatingly annoying, like not very many colors for my tiles...I don't understand why I can't have all the colors of the rainbow. Also, limited notification sounds. Also, I would say that multitasking features for Windows Phone 8 are excellent, but would be better with a full-blown notification center (something you slide down to reveal recent notifications). It's a bit clumsy as it is now. I wouldn't mind changing the font...but that's difficult on an unmodified OS for all of them. I would also like to make smaller than the smallest. I have good vision, I want small print.Anywho, its awesome, I think you'll love it. Give it a try. This was a long review. I hope it was helpful.