First of all let me say that I did not purchase my RAZR from Amazon. I purchased my phone from my local Cingular store. I have wanted one of these phones since they first came out. Here is a breakdown of my opinion of the phone:PROS:*Thin, elegent looking phone. When the phone is opened it really is amazing how thin it is.*Suprisingly durable. Despite the fact that it is so thin, it is relatively hardy. I thought it would be easy to break (especially when open) but it is a sturdy little phone.*Large, vivid screen. The inside screen is quite large and images, menus, colors, etc. show up very well. (As with all cell phones, it is harder to see in bright daylight though.) Outside screen convenient.*Speaker phone is better than on other phones I've had (mostly I've had Samsung).*It is a desired phone, and every time I get my phone out someone makes a comment about it.*Some other reviews have mentioned problems with the volume of calls, and that menus are clumsy. I disagree with this. I have not had any problems with either of these. As a matter of fact, I like that you can rearrange pretty much any of the menus you want to. Placing what you use most at the top of the page and what you use least at the bottom. I have also not had problems with dropped calls.CONS:*Outside screen does not display time in such a manner that is easy to see when the phone is not in use (you must push one of the side buttons or open the phone to light up the outside screen).*As mentioned in other reviews, the phone collects fingerprints and oils from your skin very easily. I have to wipe off the screen and buttons every single time I use it. Especially if I have on makeup when I use it.*Twice since I have had the phone (I've had it close to a year) it has just shut down on me. The so-called "white screen of death" I suppose. Luckily a cold restart (taking out the battery for 10 seconds and then turning the phone back on) solved the problem.THE ONE REAL PROBLEM:The only thing that was frustrating to me about this phone is that within a few weeks of getting the phone I started to notice sone dust collecting under the main inside screen. Over time more and more collected. Within 3 months, the whole bottom right corner was just covered in dust and it was maddening. And there was nothing you could do about it since it was underneath the screen. Luckily my phone was under warranty, so Cingular replaced it for me. Would you believe the new one they sent me did the SAME THING! Actually it collected dust faster then the first one I'd had. Feeling quite frustrated, I called customer service again, and the sent me ANOTHER phone. Luckily this time no dust collected under the screen. I've had this last replacement now for 8-9 months and haven't had the problem again.Overall, I really have loved my RAZR. Once I got the dust problem resolved, I have had no other complaints. I would recommend that if you purchase this phone, make sure you also get a warranty, and watch closely for dust accumulation. If you don't experience that problem, I hope you enjoy this phone as much as I have.