I got this phone from T-Mobile about 10 days ago.  I have beenvery happy with the features, but I have had some problems withthe outgoing voice quality.  I swapped the phone once already.The new one is better, but still rather poor on some calls.  Itisn't the T-Mobile service since I have tried the same call froma Samsung R225 and that one is much clearer (and that was the*free* phone!).  I will probably try swapping this for aMotorola V300 which was just released.Now, regarding a few of the user interface issues that otherreviewers have mentioned:- When using the browser, sometimes the left soft key is "Select"  and one click will go to the current link.  Other times, it is  "Options" which brings up a menu, the first item of which is  "Select", so it takes two clicks.  It turns out that you can  use the "T-zones" button in the center of the four navigation  arrows to do the "Select" function.  A single click on that  always works.- When browsing, you can press and hold the "*" key to bring up  a menu with the following functions: Reload, Home, Goto URL,  Show URL, Edit Home, Clear Cache, and Inbox.  So you can use  this to go to a new URL without having to exit the browser!- When browsing, you can press and hold the "#" key to bring up  your "Favorite URL" menu.  So that is another way to to go to  another URL without exiting the browser!- I haven't found a way to associate a ring tone directly with  a phone directory entry.  But you do have ten "groups", each  of which has a ring tone (and you can use the same tone for  two or more groups).  And you can set the group for each phone  number.  Note that I said phone number and not directory  entry.  You can put Bob's work number in one group and his  home number in another.  I found this to be annoying since I  never wanted to do this and it means that I have to set the  group for every phone number in an entry and not just once for  the whole entry.  But maybe someone might want to.- And speaking of phone number types and group membership...  That information seems to be stored in the phone and NOT in  the SIM.  When I swapped out my phone and moved the SIM card  to a new one (both Samsung E105's), the numbers that I had  stored in the SIM moved over, but they all became "cell"  numbers and lost their group association.  And all the email  addresses were lost too since there wasn't a way to store  them in the SIM.  What was really annoying was that there  doesn't seem to be any way to change the "type" of a phone  number.  So the only way to change those 40 or so home and  work numbers from "cell" to "home" or "work" was to delete  them and reenter them.  I suspect that this is a general  limitation of the SIM cards (only able to store certain  standard common attributes), but it sure limits the utility  of that technology.  Too bad.- Sending a text message to an email address is truely bizzare!  As reported, you put the destination email address at the  beginning of the message text, and then send to the number  "500".  This smells like a user interface designed by an  engineer!  However, you *can* get the email address from the  phone directory.  As soon as you get to the "Write New" screen,  press the "Options" soft key and pick "Add Phonebook", and  then pick the desired name and email entry.I'm sorry to report voice problems with this phone since it isotherwise quite nice.  Perhaps it is just a few bad ones.  TheT-Mobile customer service rep I spoke with hadn't heard of anyproblems.Anyway, enjoy the shortcuts.--Bill