Pros:1) The OS. I've been using this for a month now and it's simply a joy to use. I grew tired of the static grid of apps on my iPhone and gave this a shot after a ton of research between windows phone and android. It feels more personal and lively, not cold. The highlights off the top of my head are:- Wireless automatic syncing. With zune software, any changes that I make to my photo, music, video library are automatically synced to the phone when I'm on my home wifi and plugged in to charge.- Automatically downloads podcasts. I wasn't into podcasts before getting this phone, but it's so easy and free. When I'm bored at work I go into my podcasts and there's a few (you can specify how many) Adam Carolla podcasts there waiting for me.- Seamless social integration. Super quick to "link" contacts, i.e. my contacts are a mess with duplicates, facebook, twitter, etc., but click a button and its organized. By going into my address book I can check out everything about what my friends are up to. Click on Steve and there's our emails, sms, phone calls, his status updates, posts, and facebook pics all right there.- Multi-tasking works like a charm.  Don't need to think about it ala Android.  Recently used apps are visible in large thumbnails of how it looked last time i was there. The OS manages things well too, so no need to force-close.- Livetiles give it life. For example, I have a contact group for my family pinned to the start page.  It flips through their pictures, and when someone posts a new status, the tile flips over and shows it.  flips back over to pictures, flips again to the next update.  flips to pictures, then flips over to say that one of them sent me a text.  its such a small detail but it makes it feel personal.- People complain about app selection compared to ios or android. The first thing I want to say about this is that you wont need or want as many apps with windows phone because a lot of the functionality that requires separate apps on the other OS's is already built in. You don't need a facebook, twitter, barcode scanner, music identifier, etc. because the OS already has those features and they work seamlessly. The apps that you will want are for the most part already available and of a higher standard due to the existence of a unified interface language.2) The screen.  It's an OLED (organic light emitting diode) which means that each pixel is its own light source, so blacks are actually black, in contrast to LCD's which use a backlight.  I bring this up because the OS theme is almost exclusively white text on black, so it just looks so sexy, especially in the dark when the text lights up and you can't even see where the screen starts or ends.  Add the subtle transition animations and its just silky.Cons:1) Slight static in between tracks while using headphones, not a deal-breaker.2) All plastic construction, could be higher quality. It does make it really light though, whether you like that or not.3) No Adobe flash support. A big draw in android's favor for me, but flash is being phased out on mobile anyway, with Adobe discontinuing mobile flash development. Conversely, HTML-5 on windows phone is really good.4) Better notification system with the pull-down tray for android and the recent ios update.I can get into all the other things I like about this phone (8mp cam, decent battery life, web-browsing, gps, xbox live, etc), but these are just the highlights that I feel separate this phone from it's competitors with android or ios.  I realize this mainly covers the OS, but at this point phone hardware is becoming less of an issue than the software in terms of user experience.  I give this phone an edge over its HTC counterpart (the Titan) due to its more manageable size and OLED screen.  I highly recommend this phone to anyone.  I can guarantee you that if microsoft had anything like apple's marketing prowess, things would be different for the popularity of this OS right now. Or if apple had some of these features, they would be hyped and paraded much more effectively (like Siri). As it stands, I just wanted to do my part to voice my satisfaction with this product because I really hope it gets the support it deserves.  Hope this helps!