I've been a tracfone user for years (I have an aversion to monthly phone bills but I do like having a cell phone for emergencies) and I have been through a number of cell phones.  I like having a phone charged and ready if I put it in a drawer for a week but at the same time I have big clumsy sausage fingers.  This turned out to be the phone for me!  It has excellent battery life and the full slide out keyboard is so much larger than my LG500g.  I found that the battery life on smartphones is terrible for somebody like me that doesn't use their phone every day.  I also like feeling the keys unlike the virtual keyboard on smartphones.  Plus, when the keyboard slides out the screen turns sideways and faces you to make texting even easier.This phone has bluetooth, camera, full QWERTY slide out keyboard, and speaker phone.  It also has a micro SD (the directions say it takes up to 32 GB but I used a 4 GB with FAT32 file system) slot on the side for ease of accessibility unlike my LG500g that put the micro SD card behind the battery.  Additionally, I like the feel of the big number keys on the front of the phone.  You can also hook this up to your email account and it has a browser, though I haven't tried this since I just get on a computer with a big screen to do anything on the net.There are 3 things some people may not like.  First is that there is no headphone jack on this phone.  It has bluetooth and I imagine that you could just get a bluetooth ear piece for phone calls or a pair of bluetooth headphones to listen to mp3s.  Second is that it's difficult to get your old phone book into this phone.  My other phone (LG500GHL) was able to send my entire phone book in 1 file.  This new phone connected to the LG just fine with bluetooth and got the file but only put 1 of 88 entries into my phone book.  I also could not get it to restore my old phonebook by a file on the SD card.  I wound up sending each entry in my phone book over bluetooth using the send as business card option on my LG.  This had to be done 88 times and was very tedious.  Fortunately I only had to go through this process once.  Finally, I cannot now find a way of backing up my phone book on this Samsung.Now about changing alert tones.  The default Samsung sound for incoming texts is a bird whistle.  This can be a rather embarrassing sound when you're a guy in the room with a bunch of other guys!  I had to apologize on behalf of my phone when I first got a text.  The instructions with this phone didn't explain how to change it.  Go into your sound profile section and enter the normal profile.  From there you can change text sounds to other canned sounds or pick other sounds to take one off your micro SD card (my sound is an mp3 file on my micro SD).  Menu>Settings>Sound Profile>Normal>Call or Message Tab>Call Ringtone or Message Alert Tone.Oh, and the triple minutes on this phone is nice.  I buy $30 cards every 3 months and I'm sure that'll be more than enough for me and then the extra minutes just roll over :)I would definitely recommend this to anybody who wants a good reliable phone with ease of texting!I just found out something really cool.  First let me tell you that I thought it strange that this phone had no games installed.  Well, I think this is intentional so that there will be space for you to install what you want.  I searched around and found a couple sites with games for this phone.  This phone takes non-Tracfone java apps with a 240X320 screen size.  I was able to install a couple different Sudoku Games, Bejeweled Twist and Google Maps from my SD card.  You should turn the phone off before ejecting your micro SD card!  I just found the download links on the web and chose download to pc.  After that I copied them to the card which I then put in the phone and then went to the My Folder and then pushed the rocker to the right to tab over to On Card and selected the java file (.jar).  It will prompt you that the content is not signed.  Press Cont. to proceed and then Install and Play.  If all installed OK, the app will show up under Games & Apps.  Pressing the option button in Games & Apps will let you delete the app if it didn't install right.  Remember to shut the phone down again if you want to eject the SD card again.One last thing-the slide out keyboard does light up...pretty cool!!