Purchased April,2010 for less than $15 at a national U.S.A. pharmacy chain as a pre-paid TMO kit.  Intended as gift for a relative. Without activating phone,  I slipped in my T-mob sim from my standard T-mob account and phone booted up fine w/o ever activating the pre-paid sim.  As others have mentioned, this phone has issues, but imho this is an excellent value for back-up or when you need to travel light. Don't hesitate to buy it for temporary use if your regular T-mob phone dies.  Gives you time to shop around for a permanent replacement.Basics:For use on GSM systems and only on GSM 850 and GSM 1900 MHz networks. Sold as a T-Mob pre-paid but will work right out of the box on all T-Mob plans w/o the need to un-lock.  Key chain with eyelet. Supports up to five separate phone books for multiple users. Has three ports: charge, headphone and ??mini-usb??  The latter is not described in the owners manual. Manual says to rest the device from time to time by powering down then removing the battery to optimize performance.  "go to" soft key just below the screen quickly brings you to an easily customizable list of actions such as setting the alarm, calendar, flashlight, contacts, silent mode. User can move the most desired functions to the top of the list.Pros:* Lowest cost for a replacement GSM phone* Clock and Timers: count down timer, stop watch, displayed correct time right out of the box, speaks the time,auto update of date and  time, alarm clock, in-call timer, call summary timer.  Repeating alarm mode.* Ease of use: customizable "go-to" key for fast acess to features and settings, multiple pre-configured profiles and a configurable "my profile" all easy to quickly toggle. Easy, intuitive menus good for the technically challenged. Fixed dialing mode if you need to give to a child or loan to a helper.* Fast access for toggling to commonly used modes.  Pres the red end call key and the profiles menu pops up. Here you can power down, or toggle to silent, normal, "discreet, loud, lights only, my profile.  Also, raised "go to" key just below screen on right can be easily programmed to quickly pull up any number of customize-able phone or call settings, alarms, timers, calendar, ect.* 500 name directory (4MB internal)* Screen with large text. Default is set to blue background with  white letters on red highlighted bars.  Good for aging eyes. While keypad is locked can still display a large digital clock with date by pressing red end call key. Date and time display for several seconds then times out to screen off.* Charging and battery: Per owners manual: "Do not leave a fully charged battery connected to charger as overcharging will result""Ideal temp range is 59F to 77F, battery life is reduced outside of optimal temp range"Have not had this long, but based on previous Japanese made Nokia batteries, should be better than most.  Shipped with Chinese made  Nokia  860 mAh, 3.7v, BL-4C Li-ion battery. Included charger, Nokia A-3: electronic auto-switching, world voltage type rated output: DC 5.0 volts, 350 mA. will charge most modern Nokia phones with the small round tube port. The Nokia BL-5B battery from my old 3220 fits in the phone although it is a bit shorter and requires a homemade spacer at the top to press the battery down on the phone contacts.* Simm card very easy in/out with just your finger.* Call history displays missed caller and logs each attempt to reach youCONS:- What the others have said. Lacks volume control on the side. Control keys not ideal, signal strength may be an issue although the few calls made so far were fine. Call quality was clear, would like it louder.- A major issue is with ring volume, perhaps a deal killer for many, is that the ring volume is m-u-c-h to low even set on loud and with highest ring volume selected.- Clumsy rocker key for selecting functions, but can get by with programming the upper right soft key to access most settings. You will still need to rock the center key to scroll your list, but this works better than rocking side to side in the main menu.- Message deletion: Is there a faster way to delete? Not sure, but so far had to open every message individually to clear them. Quite time consumingConclusion: If you favorite TMo phone or it's battery/charger goes south, then you will be glad to have the Nokia 1661 as an emergency back-up.  Heck, for the price you can use it as a calendar or kitchen timer, clock, alarm with a deactivated simm card inserted. Phone made in Brazil, charger and battery, China. Slim pocket size carries easily.  Signal strength and reception in fringe reception areas reported by some. Have not had it long enough to verify that.