I have the need for two cell phones, one for business, the other for personal use.  As a result, I can compare the Blackberry Storm 2 from Verizon and the Blackberry Bold 9700 from T-Mobile.  Similar phones in many respects with shared capabilities in the main but one is far more user friendly than the other in my opionion.  The Bold is the friendlier one by far.  As an aside, I am impressed by the level of service and follow-up by Verizon and the Storm 2 over T-Mobile but that's another issue for another time.The Storm 2 is quirky.  Maybe the same can be said of all touch screen devices but it tends to lock up, accept the wrong commands and is tough to navigate with those smallish querty keyboard symbols.  And you have to toggle between screens to add numerical data and certain punctuation marks to your text.  The Bold, in comparison, is not like typing on a regular keyboard either but it does allow for easy fixing of typos and with its chicklet fixed keyboard makes navigating a far easier task.And that's the main difference between the Bold and Storm 2:  Ease of navigation.  It's sort of like going from the original version of Windows (Storm 2) to Windows 7 (Bold 9700) if you follow my drift? The Storm 2 does have an advantage in the user being able to go from portrait to landscape mode which helps a little on typing text but even then, the keyboard is not forgiving.  The Storm 2 now has four sensor modules under the screen to help on the commands which is a step up over the ONE from the original Storm but stability is hardly the order of the day.Sending a text requires an additional menu call-up on the Storm 2 as opposed to the Bold. Also, on the Storm 2, one has to dig into the media icon to access the video camera.  Not so on the Bold.  More examples outlining the differences between the two phones.  In summation, I like both phones but the Bold would be my choice if I could only have one phone.  I think the Storm 2 has another generational change ahead of it before it can lay claim to being a true iphone alternative.You have to think the people at RIM and Blackberry are acutely aware of the Storm 2's issues because the phone is just short of being an all around excellent choice.  Right now the Storm 2 is a GOOD choice and I'll leave it there.UPDATE:  After many dropped calls in spite of good wi-fi or antenna 3G strength indicated, and having the Storm lock up on me after taking it from the charger, I couldn't continue and got out of it and the contract.  I'm beginning to think the folks at Blackberry and RIM have been not only passed but left in the dust by the competition.  To be fair, the Bold 9700 has been and still is a solid unit which I have no desire to replace.  The Storm2 is Blackberry's Edsel Ford given my short, costly and sad experience with it.