I'm a 48 yoa male in the computer I.T. arena. Always been a " computer geek ". I'm also on the AT&T; network due to traveling abroad to other countries. Let me start off by stating I have owned many smart phones- Blackberry, Iphone, HTC Tytan II, etc. For the last two years I have had a love hate relationship with Windows mobile professional 6.1 operating system on my last smart phone. Does everything you'd want a phone to do- but snail paced slow-- very poorly at best. So my review will reflect comparisons between the two phones.Opening the box I found all items intact and packaged well. My first impression after looking at the phone was " wow, incredible build quality"- fit, finish and design were stellar. Blackberry could learn something from the folks at Nokia. Setting up the phone involved removing my 3g sim card and installing it in the E71 followed by installing the battery and cover. Now to charging. The charger design is nice but I have reservations on the charger cord. The cord is thin and only time will tell on the durability. Also in box was a corded headset (cheap at best), an extremely short computer interface to phone cable( with some kind of proprietary usb connector on the phone end), nice leather slip case, software cd, quick starter flyer,instruction booklet- A real printed user guide.Waiting for the phone to charge, I broke out the manual- great! Another operating system to learn- Symbian version 60 ?. Done skimming the manual and now booting up the phone. What? No waiting 3 to 5 mins for phone to boot up? I'm liking this operating system already. The E71 snaps to the home screen quickly. I find the screen very intuitive and very easy to see. First impression of the qwerty keyboard is buttons are awfully close together for my big mitts. But after a few days I've found the domed keys to be of no issue for me while typing one handed. Phone is very responsive to inputs and no lag in operating system. Now milling around thru the software and settings. I find the phone settings and software usable but some learning curve involved coming from a windows mobile phone. Definitely not worth fretting about- zipping through the menus in no time. Being unlocked, I have no carrier useless bloatware and phone works great on the AT&T; 3G and edge network.Back to using this as a phone- after all that is why if bought it in the first place. I wanted great call quality-not good or mediocre . And I found it with this phone- transmit and receive quality are again stellar with strong, consistent signal strength . You will NOT get that with an Iphone- period.Lots of free shareware for this operating system and have found Symbian operating system very stable. I had to reset my Windows mobilea least once a day sometimes more. This has been running a week without a hitch and I can get about 3 to 4 days of use before charging.Using Bluetooth,GPS and maps,Wifi, and Ird transfer to be just as easy and work as flawlessly as the rest of the features- including the provided software suite used to interface your computer info to your phone.In summary, the reviews here on Amazon on the E71 and the huge price drop compelled me to try this phone. I think I just might purchase another one. I'm that impressed- what a nice breath of cell phone/smartphone nirvana.One lacking feature I've found is low internal storage capacity. Highly recommend purchasing a 4 or 8 gig Micro SD card. Thats about it.