Like some others here I picked up the T105 with double minutes and accessories for $10 from Walmart.  I did so with some trepidation after reading some very negative reviews about Tracfone, mostly regarding customer service.  But I reminded myself that those with negative experiences are more likely to post reviews and that there must be millions of satisfied customers for Tracfone to stay in business.  I figured it was worth the $10, plus a $20 time card, for an initial test.Now, more than two weeks later, everything is working fine and I am completely satisfied.  I did call Customer Service to help me with my initial activation and did have trouble understanding the CSR at first.  But once I had him repeat his initial statement I had little trouble understanding him after that.  After taking my numbers, the CSR told me how many days and minutes to expect to appear on my phone "within an hour".  Sure enough, after about 45 minutes I had the phone on and it suddenly connected to a cell tower and a few seconds later displayed exactly the number of days and minutes I had been told to expect.  Can't ask for more than that.Since then the Samsung T105 Tracfone has worked flawlessly and the battery lasts for days.  I even bought an additional one year card for $75 from Amazon Marketplace (CardArt, aka Veronica Tablet) Tracfone 1 Year of Service & 400 Minutes and just entered it and a 200 minute bonus code (coupon booklet from Walmart) on the Tracfone website.  Within two seconds of clicking the "submit" button my phone blurbled at me and I had an additional 365 days and 1000 minutes (400 doubled to 800, plus 200 for the bonus code).  Couldn't be easier.A year of cellphone service and 1000 minutes for $75?  That's hard to beat, some people pay that per month for cellphone service.  If I could get better reception in my remote rural concrete-and-steel house I'd get rid of my landline.  But, in my area, I get only two bars at most when outside and consider myself fortunate to get that.  I recently came back from a family visit to another remote area, Blanchard Idaho, and the other family cellphones didn't work, but my Tracfone did!  Having a prepaid cellphone that uses whatever carrier is available has its advantages.Except when traveling, my plan is to leave this phone off and carry it for emergencies.  Finding a payphone is hard to do these days, so having the Tracfone with me will be helpful if I ever have a car breakdown or some such thing.A general word on lithium batteries: the surest way to kill a lithium battery is to run it to zero.  Even when off, a cellphone, camera, laptop, or similar device will still draw a small amount of power.  If not planning to use a device for an extended period of time it is best to charge up the battery and then remove it.  Otherwise one risks forgetting to charge the battery regularly and killing it.