Until now, the cell phones I've been carrying around, get smaller and ligher with each iteration. My last cell phone was a Siemens SL56 - so you can imagine the flashback to late 90s I had when I got my BlackBerry 7100g. Due to my job and the amount of email I get, my company bought me one. I've been pleasantly surprised, the good most definitely outweigh the bad so I'll go through them below.Good1) Email push is wonderful. Real-time emails from my corporate server and my gmail account. Now when I'm in a meeting or on travel I can increase productivity by not having to wait to answer email. I can respond to friends faster also.2) Speakerphone. This is the loudest, most clear speakerphone I have ever heard.3) WAP brower/screen size. I don't know the exact dimensions but it's a big screen.4) Price - this is cheaper than the smart phones with better email integration.5) Weight - it's surprisingly light for a phone this size.6) Holster sensor - this is really cool. You can set your phone profile differently depending on whether its in or out of the OEM holster. Ingenious.7) Suretype - some people hate this. Since I've never had a previous BB and my previous text messages were painfully composed on a standard numeric keypad on the Siemens SL56 - the suretype technology is wonderful. In the 2 weeks I've had the phone, I've sent over 100+ messages and have only corrected a word manually 5-6 times due to Suretype picking up the wrong word.8) PIM synchs faster than the IPAQ to my desktop.9) Scrolling wheel for navigation - again - this is so much better than arrows or 4-way buttons. The wheel is just way more intuitive. It somewhat simulates the scroll on a mouse.10) Multi-tasking: You can have multiple applications going on simultaneously including a voicecall.Bad1) Size - even though its got a better form factor than previous series, it still feels like a brick especially when I hold it up to my face.2) Regular voice-calls. I hear other ppl perfectly. I've been told that if I'm talking in the car while the window is down, I'm incomprehensible. I could get away with something like that on my previous cell phones.3) "No voicemail" SMS popups - when all of your voicemails are checked it sends an annoying SMS that your mailbox is empty. You have to manually delete/close the popup. I know I'm picking at little things, but it's the little things that really annoy me. If anyone knows how to bypass this, let me know.4) Answering a call. It's a little tedious. You either have to press a tiny green call button or push the scroll wheel in (if you have bog fingers you could easily accidentally scroll to the "ignore call" option and send someone to voicemail by accident. Wish they would have a bigger more obvious button to answer voice calls.Overall though, I'm really pleased with this phone. If it were a little smaller - it would be a 5 star phone. I've never owned a BB so maybe I'm being too easy on RIM, but this is a nice feature packed phone which is perfect for the corporate user from a data/voice perspective.