While the phone is a good deal for the price, the listed specs are (currently) not correct. The screen is 854x480, not the qHD screen (960x540) that it states. (Amazon has since fixed this issue)Also, T-Mobile will only be 4G in certain areas with this phone, while AT&T; should be 3G in all areas.Lastly, Blu isn't exactly known for keeping its phones upgraded to the latest Android version. It is current now, but don't expect updates.Overall 4 Stars!Update 7/15: A few more details. The screen produces some great colors, but the viewing angles are pretty bad. The vertical viewing angles are fine, with just some lightening in color, but viewing in horizontal can make the screen go almost white.The whole phone zips along with whatever you need. Quadrant is just under 4K and Antutu is just under 14K. Memory just limits the multitasking, with apps closing if you keep opening new ones or switching between them.The speaker is decent sounding, but it could be louder. The vibrate is pretty tiny and near the bottom of the phone. The phone box is nice and comes with a screen protector, but it isn't installed already and mine came with lint on the sticky side... YMMV. I still can't get all the bubbles out of the protector either.The camera is rubbish. You'll need very good lighting if you want to get anything that doesn't look like a VGA webcam.The back is a nice matte plastic with a slight rubber texture (except for the top which is glossy), but the edges come to a point and that makes it harder to grip and the bottom point isn't comfortable to hold. It doesn't feel like it will break with one drop, though.Update 7/16: The TTS (text-to-speech) engine is Pico, not the Google TTS that normally comes with 4.2. This means the GPS voice sounds like it did back in Gingerbread, not the nicer one that replaced it. I installed the IVONA beta and that will do, but it's silly that it still uses Pico.Root is super easy. There is a MKT6589 one-click root you can download and it works like a charm. This means, with some know-how, you can fix most issues.More info on the screen. It is locked at 48hz, not the 60hz of most everything else. This means nothing will ever go faster than 48 FPS unless someone can change that. Not too big of an issue, but this does limit the benchmark scores.Update 7/19- after taking the back cover off the phone a few times the phone now squeaks when squeezed. A little disheartening, but for the price I still vote 4 stars.Update 7/30- One thing I should mention. Putting the sim cards in the phone is rather different than most phones. Since there is two, and since the phone isn't very wide, they actually slide in sideways on top of each other. This was very weird for me the first time as it seems like I am shoving them into the cavity and not the slot for them. There is a thin piece of metal that separates the two slots, but it feels like you could lose the sim inside (especially if you use a nano sim in an adapter like I do). No harm done after putting one in and taking it out, although it was rather difficult to take out.I'll update this if I find something else!