Well, I was so anxious for a bluetooth phone, I bought the Flare. I couldn't beat the price for something with that technology, and the only reason I want bluetooth is for to use wireless headsets at last! For this I deactivate my perfectly good MTV Edition V5 Slider, and after an afternoon of entering my address book on a new phone, I already miss having a Kyocera.Right now, Life's not so Good. Before, with my V5, all I had to do was push the up button for my balance, and the right button to set the phone to vibrate, along with the usual on/off buttons. With the LG Flare, I have to push a menu button, find the "my account" button, wait for it to launch a browser, which is scary because I have no intention of paying for web content. Then, once the balance shows, without warning like my Kyocera did, you hit the red phone to get out of it, and the web browser icon remains on the phone. I hate that! You go through just about the same rigmarole to set the phone to vibrate. The owner's manual doesn't even mention vibrate in the index, so I'm better off downloading the PDF from Virgin Mobile's website so that I can keyword search the document! I've managed to turn down the funky ringtone volume (I miss my Kyocera ringtones, too - I don't want rap music on my phone!) Entering text is a headache no matter what phone you have, so re-entering my contact list is once again a chore. I learned my lesson from my first VM phone, though, and I only put the important people in! It's a lot to get used to, and a downside to phones with no SIM card. But I don't need complicated phones! I need 'em to make and take calls, and that's it.So why did I buy it in the first place? As mentioned before, the opportunity for a wireless headset which my beloved Kyoceras don't have. Also, the phone is a handsome little thing! It's about the same size as my slider when closed, but it not as thick. When the clamshell is opened, it gives the impression of being a much bigger phone, which I like. I've set the backlighting to dim, but when an incoming call comes in, a window lights up on the outside of the clamshell where the time is.One thing I did notice is the time it takes to get going when it's been turned on. It says "HELLO" in big letters, almost like my JVC XV-N40BK Progressive-Scan Slim DVD Player (Black) did, and when you turn it off, it says "BYE" in big letters that show up on both the inside and the outside screen. It's gimmicky stuff that I think is actually kind of neat.After two days I don't yet know if I'll keep it - almost as soon as I bought this I heard of a new slider phone coming for Virgin Mobile made by Samsung! Maybe one day Kyocera will make a bluetooth slider for Virgin Mobile - BESIDES the Slider Sonic - that doesn't cost too much that I can love. I'll never pay $100 for a phone, whether it's landline or wireless. I loved my cheap little slider - and sliders in general. But, after three phones with Virgin Mobile, first the sturdy K9 Royale, then my trusty V5 slider, this is my first non-Kyocera phone I've had in the four years I've been with Virgin Mobile. Maybe I'll learn to like it more as I live with it. I'm willing to give it a chance in the meantime. I've heard good things about LG, so we'll see.  One thing about Virgin Mobile phones - if I don't like it, it won't cost me a two-year contract or an arm and a leg to change it!