I was excited to get a new phone, especially one the "outsold the iPhone for the first time." It was supposed to be a great phone; all the reviewers said so, all my friends said so, hell no one ever complained about this thing so I naturally had pretty high expectations. Boy was I wrong. Now, to be fair, I'm sure if you S3 actually works, it would be a fantastic phone. But if it doesn't, then you're in for a terrible experience. My S3 is slowly dying and Samsung refuses to do anything about it because there's a crack on the screen. I get that it's out of warranty, I really do, but the crack is minuscule and in the bottom right corner. Its so small that I didn't even notice that it was there after I dropped it so there is no way that it affects the hardware or the software inside the phone. And if it does, let's be honest, that is a major drawback on the part of Samsung and their flawed design. To make matters worse, I dropped it when it was in a case, maybe from a foot off the ground (I was in one of those Ikea chairs that bends when you sit in it). A PHONE SHOULDN'T BREAK THAT EASILY! But I had problems from long before that and I was sure they would understand and fix it, seeing as so many large corporations like Amazon, Apple, or Netflix are working hard to improve their customer relations. Not Samsung. This has been the worst customer service experience of my life, and I am honestly not exaggerating. I called them twice, the first time they said that I should try returning it to factory settings using a SAMSUNG App built SPECIFICALLY for SAMSUNG phones. The app doesn't recognize my phone though, so I can't even return it to factory settings without losing my info; that should definitely reflect on the state of my phone. So I decide to call them back and tell them that their own app doesn't recognize the phone, and that the problems have actually gotten worse. They still said that I have to pay $178 to fix a phone that started falling apart weeks after I bought it, and has continued to deteriorate ever since. My old Droid X was better than this thing is now, and that's really saying something. I tried moving up the chain of command so that I could talk to somebody who would have the power to waive the fee, seeing as my problems were prevalent before the crack appeared. Found the guy (he was the supervisor on the floor, named Dan) and he was absolutely useless. Zero help, and he refused to waive the fee, saying that my crack ended the warranty. I attempted to make him understand that the problems were happening long before the crack appeared, but apparently that doesn't matter. Regardless of the fact that they had sold me a broken and deficient product, they wouldn't fix it. I even tried to convince them that I didn't even want them to fix the screen, I pleaded with him to just fix the insides, leave the crack where it is. All I wanted was a phone that works and does what it is advertised to do. Still no luck, and now I'm stuck with a broken phone for a year and a half. Save yourself the trouble and buy from a different company. I have a grudge against Apple and refuse to buy their ridiculously overpriced products, but seriously, I wish I had succumbed to peer pressure and bought an iPhone. OR, conversely, invest in an extended warranty, with a company like Samsung you're going to need it.