I am loving my new phone. After much searching, reading reviews and comparison shopping I am glad to end up with the Nokia 820. It generally got good reviews and has not disappointed me in any way after a couple of weeks of use. The one thing the reviews made me worry about was that moving up to this full sized smartphone would seemed like I would be carrying a huge brick, I have found that the Nokia 820 phone fits nicely in my front pocket (I am a blue jeans wearing male) and although it is a little bit heavy in the hand it feels very sturdy and well built and doesn't seem like a burden in the pocket.Naturally I have not completely figured out all of the features of my new phone but I have done my best to get to the ones I anticipate using most often. Music, photos and productivity software all works great on the Nokia. The hardware for taking photos have produced really nice images in a variety of settings and lighting conditions. I haven't printed them out yet but they look good on my desktop screen even when I zoom in on small portions of the picture. The music plays nicely on my headphones and the speaker is acceptable but a little quiet. The loud speaker plays best when placed on a hard surface but if you really want to listen without headphones I recommend getting some external speakers. The music apps preloaded worked great and everything was instantly responsive.This is my first full feature smartphone and so I was not tied into any of the OS ecosystems that are out there. Since I use Microsoft Windows in my work setting it was a relatively easy thing to learn the Windows phone layout. In fact learning new things about my phone has actually increased the usefulness of my home and work computers as I starting syncing more and more of my data across devices. From the productivity standpoint I am now totally sold on the usefulness of this smartphone. I regularly use my e-mail, OneNote and Skydrive accounts throughout my day and have found that the phone seamlessly keeps everything up to date.Speaking of Apps...now I understand why people make such a big deal about the limits of the Windows app store. It isn't like there aren't a ton of apps to choose from but often you start with a web page that you use a lot and then get the mobile app. If that app isn't supported you could go out and find something similar but it just isn't the same. You often have invested time and energy in the original web site and so it feels like a loss to start over with a different app. I don't think this will be a big deal with me but I can see it frustrating people who are more tied to their apps. The phone works great with the apps it has available but you might look to see if your favorite cookbook, movie streaming service or bird app is available for Windows phone if you are choosing which OS you want to live with.Finally and probably most importantly for the supplier of my phone, I would highly recommend purchasing through these guys. They shipped my phone incredibly quickly and provided the exact product described. The unlocked phone naturally comes from overseas and they sent a plug adapter along with it so it was immediately functional. (Quick note: even though my phone was marked for sale in Saudi Arabia, absolutely everything works in good 'ol American English and all the standard apps and features were present from the moment I turned it on.) I had a some questions about the phone and the suppliers replied within half a day if not faster - even on the weekend!