UPDATE(11/4): So I repurchased the SIII shortly after iPhone 5 was announced as I realized that it would still be the best phone available for quite some time. I've had it (again) for just over a month now and I'm absolutely in love with it. I purchased an extended battery that I've also reviewed and it makes this thing a tank for long travel, etc. I don't know whether the firmware was updated or if my charging habits have adjusted but I rarely even use the extended battery getting satisfactory performance from OEM battery nowadays. This is an amazing phone. I also went with the Pebble Blue this time around and that's a much better color in my opinion. Not enough bezel to make the white look as good.ORIGINAL REVIEW: I owned a 16GB White Samsung Galaxy SIII for approximately 28 days before I reluctantly returned it. Previously I had owned an iPhone, iPhone 3GS, and an iPhone 4. So let's talk the SIII.The hardward design is fantastic. The device is super slim and very lightweight. Seeing the phone and it's magnificent screen, you initially think it's going to be very heavy and bulky but it's really light and thin. The plastic backing helps with the weight savings yet doesn't feel cheap or flimsy. The form will simply be too big for some, but for those that really enjoy using a smart phone the massive screen is a dream come true.The Android 4.0 ICS is great and really responsive allowing you to multitask and switch apps like a pro. I've noticed that implementation of some functions is not quite to "Apple standards." I use that analogy not because I think Apple is the gold standard, but because that was my previous experience. For example, the Bluetooth seemed much less relaible skipping much more while using my headphones. Additionally, the device seems to struggle with wired audio as well having playback loss when connected to my car stereo. I will say that I can't be sure whether the issue with these are hardware, firmware, or the particular app I was using. The beauty of Android is that you have more flexibility but that flexibility can make it difficult to identify a culprit when things are not up to expectations. Also some of the stock programs like the email and text message are not great but having Android allows you to easily enough swap them out with many of the free alternatives in the Play Store.The 4G LTE is fast. Amazingly fast. Faster than my home Wifi. A joy to use but I was surprised that you seemingly could not disable it where you were concerned about saving battery.The camera is worthy of point and shoot status taking brilliant pictures.So why on Earth would I return it? The answer is battery life. I'm not techie enough to know whether the battery itself is insufficient or the SW is not optimized to preserve battery. All I know is that the thing just drains in standby, even with all the background apps killed. I didn't think this would be a big deal as I always charge at home and have spare chargers at work and in the car. The last straw was when I fell asleep after a late night charge but without charging overnight. Both times the phone was dead when I woke up. Coming from the iPhone, which has its own battery issues but will usually last through the night uncharged, that was simply unacceptable to be left with a dead phone after only 7 or 8 hours of standby.So as much as I love and want to keep this device (and generally hate Apple as a company), the bottom line for me is that it's a phone first and nothing is worse than a dead phone. I may re-purchase the SIII if some attractive aftermarket battery options become available but for now I had to return it and preserve my phone upgrade for something that gives me a little more juice.