I've had my first enV3 (the burgundy red one) for well over 3 yrs, and it's finally showing its age. I keep getting "invitations" from Verizon to upgrade, but since I'm ditching the husband attached to the account, I don't want to be stuck with another 2-yr contract on the line - plus, I can't get the enV3 thru Verizon anymore. :pI agree w/other reviewers; if you're looking for a solid phone for calling, texting and taking decent pix, this is the one you want. I bought an SD card for added memory because I take a LOT of pix with my phone; more on that later.I was dragged into the 21st century reluctantly when it came to texting; the fact that I have a teen-age daughter finally made it a necessity. The QWERTY keyboard is easy and comfortable to use, and the size of the inside screen is great for these (ahem!) somewhat aging eyeballs to see without squinting. I like the feel of the phone itself, and it fits into the front pocket of my jeans perfectly. As another reviewer mentioned, I'm not crazy about touch-screen phones because they just seem too finicky for me - and yes, I butt/pocket dial now and then - but I could put a locking code on if I felt like it. It just doesn't happen that often to matter to me, I guess.I've had to replace the battery only once in all this time - and even ordered that thru Amazon upon the advice of a rep at a Verizon store. She told me I'd get it about 75% cheaper here, and she was right! And here's a trick she taught me that might help some of you with battery and/or shut-off issues: She folded a small, thin, piece of plain paper into a narrow rectangle and placed it under the battery (not near any connecting points) so the battery would fit a little more snugly, and that completely eliminated the problems I'd been having with my phone shutting off unexpectedly and not holding a charge.I use my cell phone as my "main" phone; therefore I almost never turn it off, and would go to sleep with it plugged into the charger. I've only recently learned that leaving a phone plugged in beyond the point when it's fully charged wears on the battery and will lessen its life. But - I need to have my phone on, and I need it to be charged, so for now, I try to pay more attention during the day, charge it then, and unplug promptly. I've also heard that you're supposed to allow the battery to drain completely down before recharging it, but again, that's just not feasible for me. I plan to get an extra battery at the same time I buy the blue version - that should cut down on those hassles in my situation.Now about the pix: I'm constantly amazed by the awesome ones I'm able to take on a PHONE(!) - and when necessary, it has a great little editing package; zooming, brightening, cropping, etc. For my purposes, I often think it's actually easier (and faster) to modify pix right then and there, rather than mess around later when I transfer pix to the computer. And, when I go to upload to the computer, I very seldom feel the need "tweak" them because what I did on the phone looks great. One admission; this would be the only time it could use a little bit bigger screen to more easily see finer details, but even so - that's negligible compared to all the capabilities.I've used quite a few phones over the years, but this is the one that I have truly ENJOYED owning - and the one everyone wants after they've borrowed it! :D