My review is of the ACTUAL MyTouch 3G Phone itself, not the transaction details.This is by far the worst phone I have owned.I have used this phone for over 2 years on the T-Mobile Service, am a soon to be former decade+ long customer. I Replaced this MyTouch 3G Phone 3 times for various failures. I won't go into details about the T-Mobile service and dealing with their customer service regarding this phone in particular. Let's just say my contract is 1 month from being up and I am leaving T-Mobile forever.First of all the 100mb of actual phone memory is ridiculous. You can only install about 10 apps at any given time.  Irregardless of the size of your memory card inserted into the phone (I have an 8GB mini SD card installed).  Yes you can move your apps to your SD Card However if you want to actually use them, they must be moved to your phone's memory. It's extremely easy to overload your phone's memory with apps as most average apps are between 3-10mbs.  In fact the MyTouch 3G comes pre-installed with google Maps which takes up just over 10mbs only by itself.Secondly, when using any streaming apps (Pandora, Netflix, etc.) the phone heats up EXTREMELY FAST (in a matter of minutes) and stays hot throughout use.  Which brings me to my next point.When streaming, if you receive any type of notifications (email, text, phonecall, etc.) the program(s) you are using crash due to the limited processing speed. You will then need to restart the app and occasionally restart/reboot the phone due to the app freezing up. Needless to say this phone has an EXTREMELY difficult time mutlitasking programs. The processing speed makes the netflix app absolutely completely unwatchable as the video and audio are several minutes apart.Physically - when dropped (from waist level) the phone separates into pieces. The backplate is thrown from the device and the battery is ejected.  Luckily the only saving feature is that this phone tends to keep the mini SD card in its slot. (The G1/G2 when dropped would literally eject the mini SD card.  If the G1/G2 phone were dropped at night in a parking lot you might have to return and hope your Mini SD card was still in the parking lot).Back to my review, the sliding function of the phone is precarious at best 1 of my 3 phones, the spring broke and the face would no longer slide/lock back and forth.  The glass on the face of the phone is extremely fragile. The second MyTouch 3G, when dropped the glass cracked in a spiderweb fashion with only the plastic screen cover keeping the glass pieces together. The keyboard backlight function is intermittent, often going dark in the middle of typing a text message, this is a complete malfunction especially in a darkened exterior.  The fragility of the keyboard itself is also a detracting point as several keys stopped working.Lastly the battery life of this phone is one of the worst I have experienced with an android device. At best the battery life is about 10 hrs (of Non-Phone use).  If the phone is in constant use, the battery life drops to about 3-4 hours maximum. If streaming battery life is closer to 1/2 to 1hr maximum.I am currently using my 3rd MyTouch Device. The coverage service, the customer service, and the phone in general are an overall headache. I would Never recommend this phone to anyone, Ever. I will be excited to be rid of this brick!Incidentally when confronted with these problems, T-Mobile customer service ENTIRE response and or resolution to these problems are "I'm Sorry".