This phone is amazing for the price listed. If this was a Samsung device they would charge this price for half the specs. I got this phone when it dropped down to 179.99 and I am so pleased that I was able to grab such a capable device for less than 200$.I got this phone in order to replace the Samsung Exhibit 2 (now called the Galaxy Exhibit). If anyone has the Samsung Exhibit 2 and are on the fence about making the switch wait no longer. It is worth it.Out of the box this phone is running on the Jellybean update 4.1.2 that was released earlier this year(2013) I think it first rolled out in March. P76920d is the proper name for it. It was pulled within weeks because it had security issues and other bugs that made the phone run less smooth. However, as I am writing this review T-mobile sent out another over the air(OTA) update to Jellybean now P76920f and I have to say it is running so smooth. So if you buy this phone just do the OTA update and your device will be running as smooth as it can from here on out. The main reason that users desired the update in the first place was the fatal flaw in the Ice Cream Sandwich software which doesn't allow apps to be stored on the External SD card. Orginally this phone only had 4gb in the internal memory and after you account for all the LG and T-mobile bloatware it comes down to a measly 1.8 GB making that flaw a real annoyance for anyone who are heavy app users. The new update finally allows you to move apps to your sd card. You have to go into your file manager and move the folder of that particular app to your External SD. Not as simple as having the ability to move them directly from the app settings but still works. So now your External SD actually has a purpose.THe 4.5 inch screen on this device is gorgeous. Not as bright as all of the other higher end devices but then again it doesn't sport the price tag of those other devices either. The display is all you would hope for in a device that costs this much! I just can't get over the reality that this phone is under 200$ It is actually the perfect size for me. I didn't want a phone that was to large to fit in my pockets and this phone is just right. It isn't bulky at all and LG is a quality brand that always takes its time in building a cohesive design. It's rectangular shape makes it feel really sleek and smooth.The phone has a dual processor with 1gb of ram and it is a really fast device even without lte speeds. I haven't experienced any lag at all with this device.I do wish you could get rid of all of the tmobile and LG bloatware because it would really be a device to be rivaled. I wouldn't be surprised if they made a sequel to this device that had a cleaner version of android.the bloatware doesn't hinder the phone speed from my point of view. However I do realize that My main comparison point is with my previously owned Galaxy Exhibit . I was testing this phone alongside my friend's nexus 4 and it was actually providing legitimate competition in terms of speed.So I am happy with the performance of this device!The battery life on this phone is also a strong point.The phone's charge last about a day of moderate usage and 8-10 hours of heavy use. The part that drained my phone the most was the gps when I was heading from Carol Stream Illinois back to Chicago.(about a 50 minute trip) For some reason this is the only thing I have experienced on the phone that dramatically eats away at the battery. I was able to watch 8-12 episodes of shows on netflix without needing to recharge.The camera on the phone is a weak point. In well lit areas the Camera performs as most point and shoot devices but in areas where lighting is limited its presence is nonexistent. The hd camcorder is the same story. In well lit areas I was actually impressed with the quality of video the phone captures.The speaker on the phone is ok. It isn't as great as the htc one or even the iphone 5 but it isn't the worst speaker. As far as call quality goes it is actually pretty good but listening to music or streaming videos it is just ok. Not bad not great just alright.Well those are all the things that come to mind so far but I will continue to update this post as problems arise or new treasures are discovered!