To begin I read about all the negative experiences with getting the right product.  I did get the expected product...brand new and international. (Ordered from FGS Trading) The only hitch was it was definitely packaged for the European market as it arrived with a charging plug for the European use.  I am in Canada.  I have multiple 3.5 mm chargers so no biggie.Now on the phone. I first powered it on and had to change the language to English.  Took all of 30 seconds.  Holding the phone is a treat.  To people who find this phone heavy.  You should be concerned with the strength in your hands let alone the weight of this phone.  This phone is meant be used with a slim case if any.  It is extremely durable and you can feel the quality it it.  To put it in perspective the famed iPhone 5 is 220 grams when adding on the very popular Otterbox Defender case.  This phone weighs in at 185 grams.  With my Nokia case (17 gms) it is 202 gms total.  This makes that particular iPhone 5 and defender combo wider and heavier.  You will rarely see people put this phone in a case.  In fact there are not many cases made for this phone...maybe for that reason.  Corning Gorilla Glass 2 also adds to this durability.It is definitely a looker.  From front to back it just looks the business.  I got the black matte to limit any possibilities and fingerprints and it just looks good.  Colors are more likely to leave scratches as you can see with the iPhone 5c.  They have the same case.  Funny how apple has to make the iPhone 5c look so similar to that of Nokia colored phones but we will leave that topic alone.The fluidity of the phone is great... and simple.  No clutter to report.  I like having the ability to only have what I want on my home screen with the live tiles.  All other apps are easily reached but tucked away.  The camera of course is one of the most respected cameras on the market as Nokia is arguably the best on the market -  the Lumia 1020 has taken away the steam of the 920 but it is still fantastic.  I have used it for a month and my wife's iPhone does not compare.  The screen is very good...uses the same technology as the iPhone 5s (IPS LCD)I really feel the app bashing windows gets is blown way out of proportion. Reason being is there are a lot of useful apps and its not cluttered with pointless ones (Something I experienced a lot with my Blackberry Z10 on blackberry world).  I have found almost all the apps I would ever need.  The third party counterparts are great unlike in blackberry world.  I personally prefer quality over quantity.  I really enjoy all the in house apps Nokia makes.  Nokia MixRadio is fantastic as is their Camera app. Nokia Maps is very good and on par with Google Maps.  Nokia makes so many of their own apps I find I am not needing to find the third party apps to use ad I prefer that as well.The only things I could think of that I feel could be improved upon is the lack notifications and the Windows keypad is not quite as up to par as the Blackberry10's (nothing comes close...including Apple and Android)  Those are very minor issues and can be addressed with software updates.Anyone who says they are disappointed with this phone is weak handed and never gave it a chance and probably came from using an iPhone or Google and look at APP numbers.  The Apps are coming.  Apple has had 10 years to build up its app market...Windows is on 3.  Its the experience I was after.  I could afford an iPhone or an S4 but went with the Lumia.  There is something about Windows 8 that is refreshing.  Live tiles is a great concept that has potential to be more and who knows what will come with Windows Phone 8.1 update which is coming soon. That's my rant.  If you like having the phone everyone else has stick to your iPhone.  If you like to brag about specs get a top flight Android.  If you prefer to have a lightweight operating system that just feels right...try a Lumia 920,1020 or above.