I have no complaints about this good cell phone. Although there is little that distinguishes it in features or innovations, it offers solid quality and everything that I need, at a great price. It is not a smart phone. Moreover, Tracfone minutes saved me from being robbed by paying exorbitant prices for cell phone contracts. I had a terrible experience with one national company with its daily dropped calls, poor or unreliable reception, and constant billing errors. I will never return. Thankfully, now my needs are simple and my use is light. Tracfone offers a pay as you go, non-contractual arrangement that saves me a lot of money and aggravation. You can pay for either 3-month periods or for a year's worth of minutes. Unused minutes automatically carry over; they are not lost. I find it most convenient to purchase 12 months at a time.After I had determined that the LG 840G was the phone I wanted and that I would buy it with prepaid triple Tracfone minutes for life, I chose this item's package deal. However, I had a rude awakening. The 1350 minutes came with a 450 minute card (3 x 450 - triple minutes) BUT with only 3 months of service. You might use that many minutes in 3 months which means you would have no problems here. But this is simply my travel phone and that is far more minutes than I need for my average 12-month period. Unfortunately, I incorrectly assumed it was for a 12-month, not a 3-month period of service. Since I did not realize there was a problem before I opened the package and read the card itself, I could not return or exchange my item. I should add that the retailer, shopcelldeals, answered my concerns very quickly, was quite succinct, and business like.I was not upset because I was responsible for not being sufficiently thorough and careful. But could the product descriptions have been more clear? Yes. I too easily confused two offers that I falsely conflated because they are very, very similar but not the same. Please note the blue text link description below the phone's image for this product. It does not specify service term. If you are quickly browsing all you might notice is the minutes and associate so many minutes with a long term of service. Well over over a thousand minutes used in a relatively short period of time was counter-intuitive. If it was my primary phone I might think differently. In any case, I was wrong. I am clearly still responsible for my choice but possibly my experience could have been avoided. I will recommend a solution at the end of this review that could help others from making a similar mistake.My star rating reflects my assessment of this particular package in total (phone + card + service period). If the phone was sold separately I would rate it 4 stars. It does not deserve that as a total package with the card minutes for this particular service period. In my opinion, it is a poor choice and should be avoided especially when a better alternative is available. That is because the same company offered the same phone with a 400-minute card (3 x 400 = 1200 minutes total time) along with 12-months of service for the same amount of money when I bought mine. I also do not find recharging minutes at Tracfone to be a particularly easy or fast process. Therefore, today it is an easy choice for me: get the same phone, almost same minutes but get 9 more months of service for the same price instead. If that makes sense for your needs too consider buying this similar option package instead:  LG 840G Prepaid Phone With 1200 Minutes and Triple Minutes (Tracfone).I made a costly mistake but not a serious one. But clearly there was a better choice for many, perhaps not all, customers. The issue I underscore is not whether or not shoppers should be offered alternative deals but rather that the critical distinctions that differentiate them be as clear and transparent as possible. My product's package requires me to buy more minutes after 3 months instead of the second option's 12 months. I suspect I might have caught my mistake and realized there were two quite different terms for what superficially appeared to be the same package deal if the specific term in months was prominently included somewhere obvious like I have added to the end in the item's description in this part "... With 1350 Minutes and Triple Minutes, 12 Months Service, (Tracfone)".You could counter that more careful or observant shoppers than me would not need it spelled out so clearly and unambiguously. Yes, blush, mea culpa. But I believe that making shopping simpler and easier, especially on a customer first oriented site like Amazon, is never a bad idea. That is exactly in keeping with its business philosophy.