It's a great phone for everyone (geeks and non-geeks). But if you develop apps for Android you should definitely get this phone, it's a no-brainer.Software.This device is all about software. Pure stock ICS experience is incredible. No custom manufacturer UI is as polished and usable as Google's. I'd say it's a revolution for Android. This device was designed for Android 4.0 and everything works flawlessly. I've been using the phone for over a month and I've had only 2 freezes first couple of days. I'm not sure what caused them, but I was on Android 4.0.1 back then (no issues on 4.0.4).One cool perk is that you'll get all Android updates first, because it's a Google phone. But be sure to buy "yajku" or "takju" variant because there are a lot of other variants that do not receive updates from Google directly. This was a big surprise for me when I got the phone. Most of them can be flashed "yajku" or "takju" and have the updates, but you won't the best Google experience out-of-the-box.Hardware.I consider this phone the best of what Samsung ever made in terms of body design. Even Galaxy S III, which was announced recently, looks not as good in my opinion (this glossy plastic body "inspired by nature" is not to my taste). Galaxy Nexus is matte gray with a rubbery feel battery cover (even if it's plastic). So no dust, dirt, scratches or fingerprints. It's slim and feels very nice in your hand but it's quite big. So if you have small hands it might be not for you.The screen is big, crisp with great colors and deep blacks. Although it has some of OLED disadvantages (grainy look and some banding on low brightness on some backgrounds) it's a great screen overall. I'm not sure if it's worse than HTC One X's and Galaxy S III's screens but I think it was the best before these came out. Yes, I think it's much better than iPhone 4S retina display (I've had plenty of time comparing these) but you may not agree if you prefer LCD over OLED. It's not perfectly readable under direct sunlight, but if you set the brightness to 100% it's usable. Note that the screen is a fingerprint magnet (as all touch screens are). The screen is beautifully curved but because of this it doesn't have Gorilla glass (which means it's more prone to scratches than many other phones).NOTE TO BUYERS AT AMAZON:Beware that there are a lot of variants of the Galaxy Nexus that don't receive direct Android updates from Google. I've bought here on Amazon one of these variants "yakjudv" (which is an Australian variant) from BRIGHT-POINT (Dolphin International Inc). This phone was stuck on 4.0.1 in April when 4.0.4 was already on many other Galaxy Nexus phones. So I've had to manually flash it with Google's "yajku" firmware to receive updates (and I've received one immediately after that).Also, if you are in the US, the best place to buy the Galaxy Nexus is Google Play Store. It costs only $400 and it's a "takju" variant that will receive all updates from Google.