I have owned the LG CU400 for about one month.  Both the call quality and the reception are  very good.  Battery life is acceptable, although I should note that I use the phone only for calls - - no internet, no Push to Talk and no Bluetooth.  The speaker phone is on the tinny side but acceptable - - about what one would expect for a phone of this size.I have, however, encountered two problems:1.  While the battery life is acceptable, I encountered a problem with the battery strength indicator.  The battery strength indicator on every cell phone I previously owned showed that the battery strength gradually declined as I used the phone, thereby giving reasonable advance notice when the battery needed recharging.  This is not the case with the indicator in the CU400.  The first CU400 I owned showed that the battery was fully charged (3 bars) until a relatively short time before it turned itself off because the battery was too low.  Specifically, on one occasion when I timed it, the indicator went from 3 bars to 2 bars five or six days after a charge.  After only 10 additional hours on standby with no calls at all, the phone turned off because of a low battery.Thinking the indicator was defective, I returned the phone to the AT&T; store and received a new replacement.  The indicator on the replacement phone operates slightly, but not significantly, better.  The first phone had Cingular markings and the second had AT&T; markings, so I doubt that the two phones came from the same manufacturing batch.  It seems that this is an inherent problem with the phone.  If you buy one of these, I definitely recommend immediately charging the battery when the indicator goes from 3 to 2 bars and buying a car charger, if you spend any appreciable amount of time in a car.  The car charger does not come with the phone.2.  When the phone is powered on or off, it makes an annoyingly loud and harsh noise.  My wife nearly jumped out her skin the first time I turned the phone off while standing next to her.  The noise cannot be changed to another tone, but it can be turned off by putting the phone on vibrate or by turning the ringer volume all the way down.  Of course, if I were to do either of these and forget to turn the volume back up after the phone is turned on again, I will not hear the phone ring.  I complained to AT&T;, which advised that the phone makes this noise because it is a "3G" phone and that the noise is supposed to replicate the sound of a "jet."  All I can say is that I have been around airports for quite a while and the noise sounds nothing like a "jet" to me.  The closest thing I can compare the sound to is the noise a vacuum toilet on a cruise ship makes when the toilet is flushed.  It is really hard to imagine that a major US corporation would put such an intrusive sound in its cell phone and not give the user any option to replace the sound with another.In summary, the CU400 is a very good basic phone, provided you don't mind listening to the sound of a toilet flushing when you turn it on and off and you also don't mind either frequently charging or running the risk that the battery will unexpectedly run out of juice