I'm a long-time Nokia user, and I'll continue to buy Nokia. This is my fifth Nokia after the 2160, 6160, 3360, and 7210.1. The phones in the initial release from Cingular were buggy. I understand that this was due to an incompatibility with Cingular's SIM. Problems I discovered due to this problem include the power button powering off the phone after a brief tap. Nokia says you should hold the power button down for three seconds before the phone powers off. If you hold the phone with your thumb over the side (on the power button), it's easy to power off the phone while you're in the middle of a conversation.2. The slide cover on the camera is nice, as is the flash. The pictures are very large in (file) size and very grainy. Pictures averaged about 400kb, and I've seen much better pictures from my friends' Trios. I'd still rather have the 6682.3. The case on the phone is PLASTIC and it can be slippery to hold onto if you have sweaty hands. I've dropped this phone a few times, and the plastic case held up ok, but it was easily scratched (not cracked, though). A rubbery grip cover would help in this area (see eBay).4. The Symbian OS is MUCH better than the standard Java Crap OS that Nokia makes for many of their phones (including my previous 7210). Switching through menus is much faster, but the phone still hangs every now and again. My phone has been frozen for hours before I realized I wasn't receiving any calls. A simple power-down/reset was required to return the phone to normal functionality. It IS a bit frustrating if you need to use the phone while you're driving, though.5. This phone IS MAC COMPATIBLE!!! Yes, the software suite is for the PC, you can do so much more on the Mac. iSync recognizes this phone via a Bluetooth connection. You can sync calendar (iCal) and contacts (Address Book) data. Also, Salling Clicker (google it) is an INCREDIBLE application that allows you to remotely control your Mac using your 6682 via Bluetooth. Ignore the guy that says this phone isn't Mac compatible (and he returned his phone). He returned his phone before he actually checked out HOW to make it work with his Mac. Sorry for him.6. If you don't already have a card reader, GET one to transfer data to a large RS-MMC for this phone. I currently have a 1 Gig card, and I transfer AAC files to it all the time for a temporary iPod. MP3 files are better, because you can use the ID3 tags to see the artist information and song details. Sound through the included stereo headset is GREAT! You can even play music through a Bluetooth headset! Beware: When you start to fill up a large card such as a 1 Gig card, some of the menus will slow down quite considerably. For example, I have over 500 MB of songs, and this slows down the menu to select ring tones. You may think your phone has locked up, but it's just VERY slow! Be patient!In all, this is a GREAT phone! If you CAN wait, hold out for the Nokia N80. The N80 has an updated OS, a larger screen size, a better camera (even though it has no cover), and more on-board memory (64MB - the 6682 includes 8MB, not including the RS-MMC).If you want a phone that can be your portable computer, then check the 6682 out. If you can hold out (and want to pay more money on the initial release), then wait for the N80.