i wish to preface this review by stating i did NOT use this phone with the Symbian Anna OS. i did not want to get used to it and then update to Belle, so i went to Belle straight out of the box. i would also like to point out that as far as some reviewers complained about the phone resetting, that indicates a bad phone which ought to be returned and replaced. My first one did it, too, and Amazon replaced it immediately (that brings up a good point - i see a lot of sellers using the Amazon product description as their own. Be aware that Nokia's ONLY US authorized retailer is Amazon. There might be issues with warranty or even the phone being a US-spec model when you buy from another seller on Amazon). The second phone (and third [i got a second one because i like this phone that much]) one have had no such problems.i will lead with my complaints about this phone so you may believe this is a legitimate review and not an advertisement. The media player is on par with the Nokias of 10+ years ago, if not behind even those. The format is nice, resembling iTunes, but not as good as the E72's player. You can not edit media info tags or adjust the equalizer but between presets. My 6230 (cir 2002) had customizable equalizer settings and this media player does not? The interface is not very intuitive at all, really, but the format support is superb. It will play almost any major format you can think of.The touch screen interface can be a little frustrating because the screen is rather diminuitive and i often accidentally touch it while using the Navi key. It DOES work well, but it takes a little while to dial in your technique.Nokia Store installations are quite slow for some reason, but installs from Nokia Suite are no trouble at all.The factory browser is expectedly cumbersome, but it is a nice compliment to Opera at some times. You will quickly learn which sites prefer which browser.Users of the E72 will miss some features like the card reader that let you copy a business card, driver's license, et cetera into your contacts list, but it is no doubt due to the fact that the E6 uses an EDOF camera sensor which can not do close-up photos. The trade-off is that the pictures are taken at lightning-quick speed. There are NO games on board out of the box, but Nokia has a few to be downloaded via Nokia Store for free, as well as many other apps you might expect to see on the phone as shipped. There is a suite available that includes an AMAZING public transportation navigator, a weather app, a local events/restaurant app and of course, Nokia Maps, which is one of the best features on any Nokia phone, including free maps downloadable via Nokia Suite and free voice nav (in any number of languages and voices).The processor may sound a bit weak at 680MHz, but Symbian OSes do not heavily burden a processor, so it is at least adequate and i have not noticed any lag. The 8GB internal memory is expandable to 40GB with an SDHC Micro card (hot-swappable) and even further expandable using a flash drive and a USB on the go adapter. The phone also has a graphics accelerator and plays up to 720p without any trouble. The display is ASTOUNDING and boasts pixel density on par with iPhone's retina display at 326ppi. The contrast ratio is the best i have ever seen on a phone. The internet speed is pretty fast on an HSPA network and if you use the phone to tether (Joikuspot is factory installed), the speed is blazing fast.Voice operation on this phone is stellar and you can do almost anything short of dictating a text message with it. The phone does support text-to-voice, though, and you can download voice packs from Nokia's website, too. Voice dialing is easy with speaker-independent voice recognition and the phone has had no trouble understanding me.The phone itself is the nicest phone i have ever held in terms of build quality and finish. It really feels like top-shelf equipment and nicely blurs the line between the E series and the N series phones. The phone call quality is astonishing and is hands-down the clearest call quality i have experienced on a cell OR a land line.i think this phone is a perfect compliment to an E71/72, as the pair can do pretty much all a business user needs. Paired to an N8? Nice