The good:Finally!  An all-in-one device that actually does everything pretty well!  A couple years ago I bought a Sidekick thinking it would do it all.  It did, but it did everything rather badly.  The feedback on the phone line was so bad that everyone I talked to complained about hearing their own voices coming back to them.  I ended up swapping my SIM card back and forth between my trusty Motorola for phone calls, and the Sidekick to browse the web.  As a web browser, it was better than nothing, but only slightly.  It was awfully slow and timed out a lot.  As a PDA, it wasn't too impressive either.  The features were so stripped down that I ended up going back to my old Ipaq.  So I was schlepping around three gadgets, and carrying an oversized purse to make room for them all.By contrast, the 6315 has excellent sound quality as a phone.  As a PDA, it is great - just what I'm used to.  As a web browser, its speed is decent using GPRS, better with WIFI.  Plus Bluetooth!  And I have always loved the fact that Ipaqs have downsized versions of MS Word and Excel so that I can keep a running expense log, and do some writing when I have a spare minute.  Thus, despite the many problems I'll mention, I am pretty content with my 6315.Also, while some have groused that the Ipaq is only available with T-Mobile right now, for me this is a positive.  I use my phone ALL THE TIME, and I was fortunate enough to latch onto T-Mobile's 3,000 anytime minutes for $49.99 plan a few years ago.  There is no other company that has a comparable plan, with a comparable selection of gadgets and phones, for anywhere close to that price!The bad:There are some bugs that need to be worked out.  The phone turns itself off for no apparent reason now and then, and I discover hours after the fact that all my calls have been going to voicemail.  Also, even when I set it to require the PIN before making a call, sometimes it does, sometimes it does not.When I have the earphone plugged in, the phone makes no external sound whatever.  So if I make a call using the headset, and then just take off the headset without unplugging, all my calls and alerts are inaudible.It's not as hands free as I would like.  On my Motorola, I could just hit one button to open my phone book, scroll down a set number of times (1 for Mom, 2 for Dad, 3 for best friend, etc.), and then hit another button to send the call, all without taking my hand off the steering wheel or my eyes off the road.  The Ipaq requires both hands and my full attention to turn it on, access my contact list, navigate to the right person, and click the link that will make the call.  In other words, it demands more attention than a car radio, and is thus unsafe to use while driving.  Grr!The downright irritating:If you hold the device up to your ear to take a call, your cheek or jaw WILL touch the touch screen, setting off all manner of other functions or disconnecting the call.  There needs to be some way of disabling the screen when you want to.  The only solution I've found is springing another $30 for an INNOPOCKET aluminum case, which lets you at most of the buttons but protects the screen behind an acrylic window.If you have WiFi on, your browsing will be interrupted constantly as new WiFi sites are detected, and God help you if there is a T-Mobile hotspot anywhere nearby!  You will be rerouted to a security screen asking for registration and password, and even if you don't want to use the Hotspot and pay T-Mobile charges, you cannot get away from this screen!!!  I hate this so much that I only use WiFi when I'm darned sure there are no T-Mobile stores anywhere nearby.For whatever reason, T-Mobile sells the 6315 but none of the accessories, and in my experience, the sales reps at T-Mobile stores know diddly about the device's compatibility issues.  They offered me a Jabra Bluetooth headset, but fortunately I had read up in advance and knew that it was incompatible.  HP's website has a list of compatible Bluetooth devices, but T-Mobile doesn't sell any of them.  T-Mobile also does not sell the car charger, the spare AC charger, the extended battery, memory cards, etc.  Most of these you have to get from HP online, and pay a premium price for them.Forget the camera entirely.  It is worthless.  I do enjoy being able to download photos from my digital camera, though - it's like having a wallet full of photos to show off to my friends.The Upshot:If you're looking for a gadget that does it all reasonably well, the 6315 is that device.  There is lots of room for improvement, and it's possible that the Treo 650 will outpace it in the coming months, and I'm eagerly looking forward to the release of the Flipstart hopefully sometime next year.  But at the moment, the 6315 is the best there is, and while some of the problems are annoying, it's worth it to be able to carry a tiny purse again!