This is my first Nokia, and my first unlocked phone.I've had the phone for a little over a week and these are my impressions:It's built really well.  It feels solid and the screen seems pretty scratch resistant so far.  The buttons are also really nice and the number keys are god for texting.  From my research it seems to be a characteristic of N series phones.  The design is clean as well.  It seems well thought out and there's not much missing (an external play/pause button would be nice, but it comes with an inline remote to plug your earphones into), but nothing extra that I could do with out either.It looks great.  I got a white version (even thought the product description says grey) which I actually prefer.  There is also a black version of the N79 that has been released recently as well.  The changeable backs are cool (I received the white, red and brown covers), but I don't know how much I will change them personally.The features as you've read in the product description are incredible.  And honestly it does all of them well.  The music player is good.  The camera is decent (Not the best 5 mp pics I've ever seen, but for a phone the pics are awesome, and it has an automatic flash).  I wasn't expecting a whole lot from the video recorder, but the quality really surprised me, in a good way.  The gps is awesome.  You get a 90 trial of the turn by turn voice navigation, I'm not sure how much the subscription costs, but if it's not outrageous, I would absolutely spend money for it.  The FM transmitter is a really cool feature, I travel a lot and am in a lot of rental cars and it works like a charm.  At this point in time this phone seems to have about every feature out there.  It's pretty amazing considering it's size.I've never used a symbian phone before and there is a bit of a learning curve.  It took me a few days of moderate use to get comfortable with it.  The N79 was a bit buggy out of the box.  I was also disappointed with the software support for Macs.  You have to buy a plug in for iSync to work (not yet supported) and even then it recognizes it as an N95 8GB, but it does work.  I hope there will be more Mac support in the near future.  Nokia has recently released a firmware update and with the amount of things that were improved, it makes you think that Nokia kinda rushed this phone out the door a little.  After I updated my phone the OS is much more solid and a little faster and more responsive.  If you purchase this phone, updating the software should be your first order of business.I can't think of anything else I could possibly expect a phone to do that this phone doesn't.  I chose this phone over the N82 because of the looks and because it supports US 3G unlike the N82.  The N82 supposedly has a better camera, but for me I'd rather have the 3G.*Update*This phone is on v20 of it's firmware and MUCH more stable.  I've used this phone day in and day out for 6 months, and there still isn't a phone this size that can do everything this phone can.The only negative thing I'll say is that the battery life is not what I'd hoped.  It will only last for one day.  Granted I do a lot with it in one day.  Music, GPS, Internet, some pics all while it keeps 3 email boxes up to date.  I guess you can't have everything.One big bonus I've recently discovered is that this phone supports a 16 gb micro sdhc card!  I recently purchased the 16 gb class 6 card made by Trancend Transcend 16 GB microSDHC Class 6 Flash Memory Card TS16GUSDHC6E [Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging] (The is one that comes with an SD adapter, not in the Amazon packaging, that's the one I bought) and it works perfectly.I'm happy with this phone.