When the first cell phones came out to the general public in 1983, the cell phones werebulky, and bigger compared to the cell phones we use today. The earlier cell phones did not haveinternet streaming nor could you get apps or music. The cell phones were more like a home phonecompared in size and looks and they were not touch screen like they are today. However we sawmany small phones in the last couple of years and it seems that the sizes of the cell phones aregetting bigger and more high tech. The LG Optimus G pro is a very big phone with a 5.5 inchscreen.I have been using the LG optimus G pro for two months now and I love it, it has not givenme any problems at all. At first I was skeptical about the size but now I have grown used to thesize. A problem I did encounter however was that I could not find many accessories available forthe phone, so I had to buy my phone cases online. Other than that the phone is wonderful I use iton a day to day basis the battery life lasts all day but I do charge it every night. The phone itself isvery fast whether it is opening an app, watching a video or simply turning the phone on or off.The LG Optimus G pro is a new phone that just came out and it is compared a lot with theSamsung Galaxy note 2. They are about the same in size and shape and the optimus is cheaper, butI chose to get the LG Optimus G pro because of its features. When watching videos on the phoneyou see a very sharp and bright video without any pixels, they also load up really fast. The phoneis also very loud for having one speaker on the back. The phone also has a lot of internal storageand you can also expand that by inserting a SD card. I did this and now my phone has a lot ofcapacity for my photos, music and apps.I love to take pictures and this phone does the job for me. The phone has a 13 megapixelcamera on the back and a 2.1 megapixel on the front. So this phone is a good phone for takingpictures. When taking pictures you can enhance the sharpness of the picture before taking it.Something that I really like about the phone is the home button because it has lead lightssurrounding it. So when I get a message or a missed call the home button turns green and when Iget mail it turns purple.This phone is also very good for multitasking I can have three different things running onthe screen. I usually have the calculator, a video and texting on the screen at the same time and thisdoes not cause the phone to work slower, it continues to run fast. When downloading apps ormusic or anything else, they are downloaded very quickly on to the phone. The phone also has avoice command which has come in handy for me because sometimes I do not feel like typing andthe voice command picks up everything very good I have not had a problem with it.The phone also has a rotating screen so you can use it horizontal or vertical. The phone canalso be personalized to my likings so I can change everything to the way I would like them. Someapps that I use daily on the phone is pandora, instagram, twitter, and the phones music player andthey run great everything gets loaded fast which I like. I also read a lot on the phone and with thebig screen I can read clearly and the words are not small. Internet streaming on the phone is verynice and fast, so I can search for something very quickly and it is not difficult to use or I can usethe google search engine on my home screen.A downfall about the phone for me is that I usually like to have my phone in my pocket butseeing as this phone is larger compared to others it does not fit in my front pocket and it sticks out alot in my back pocket. So I am usually holding the phone in my hand which is a bad idea because Ican lose it easier that way. However I do love the size of the phone but I do not really like carryinga purse with me all the time. But all in all the phone works wonders for me I made a good choicein getting the LG Optimus G pro.