First of all, I got this phone to use on Page Plus.  For that purpose, it works fine. I followed another reviewer's tips on getting it set up on their network (setup tips through Kittywireless I think), and it was pretty straightforward.Physically, the phone is very good.  It feels nice in the hand and the buttons are good.  They feel a little rubbery and although give good tactile response, they do feel a little light or cheap.  I could believe another reviewer's response that their buttons failed after extreme amounts of texting.  I only send a few hundred a month so I am not too worried.  I feel as though the touchscreen is exceptional, offering adequate resolution with excellent touch feedback compared to many of the other cheap phones that I have tried with touch screens.  Its no Iphone or Android phone, but for what it is it excels.  The case of the phone is rubberized so it doesn't slip around too easily, which is nice.  The charge/USB connection is a little tricky to access, but its no dealbreaker.  There is supposed to be a single switch on the outside of the case to be used to silence the ringer without going through menu's, but on my phone it seems to get temperamental sometimes, switching between the two modes unless we really set the switch to either side in an assertive way.The software and interface take a little bit of getting used to but after a few days it feels really nice, intuitive and easy to use.  The wifi option makes it quick and easy to access apps.  Speaking of apps, some of the apps that are preloaded on the phone won't work because they require internet access, but upon accessing the internet they say the version is no longer supported.  Looking through the apps catalog yields a few thousand apps (a far cry from the hundreds of thousands or even millions available for Android or iOS).  Many of them seem worth while, but the reviews are all generally poor because most people complain that they wont install  I researched it for a little while, and found out how to get around this common problem.  There is an app in the catalog with a name like "app store update" or something to that effect, published by Palm.  This app is the key to getting any other apps to work, download, or update.  To get this app update to work, however, you need to go through the phone clock settings and turn off network time, turn off network time-zone, set the time manually to June 1 2013, then turn the phone to airplane mode and back to regular mode for the time to set.  After that, download the app update, install, and after it installs properly, go through the time set procedure and turn the network time and timezone back on.  After that, all the apps in the appstore seem to install normally.Overall a nice enough phone, good voice quality, nice interface, cheap, and works on Page Plus [CDMA/Verizon] network.