I was putting off this review because I had held out hope that this phone wouldn't be utter junk. I thought that maybe the other reviewers had just gotten a lemon, but this phone is worse than a lemon.My dad's old flip phone bit the bullet, so we thought that he should upgrade to a smart phone. We didn't want to have to sign up for those expensive contracts, and couldn't afford to buy a $400-$600 phone. I had found this one, and it seemed to be the cheapest phone I could find that still let you download and use apps. He didn't need it for much. The Net10 deal we got with buying it really made it worth it. He could get unlimited talk, text, and data for $50 dollars a month, and they knocked $5 off (for something I forget.) Each added line would only be $45, too. This was so much cheaper than the plans you see where you're tethered to a certain carrier. Too bad the deal was wasted on this piece of crap phone.When he had first activated it, everything was fine and dandy. But as he started using it more and more, the stupid thing kept acting up. It wouldn't turn on quite a few times, and I had to remove the battery for it to work again. Now, when it turns on all the apps that he downloaded don't show up. We can't even access the settings in order to delete anything in the hopes that that would fix it. It did this before, but eventually the apps came back. I've turned this thing off and on and removed the battery a million times and still nothing.As for memory, this phone has jack. You read the specs and see that it comes with a 4gig SD card and you think "Oh that's a lot of memory! That's probably all I'll need!" Wrong. The phone's internal memory only has like 200mb on it, and you have to go through that in order to move anything from the internal memory to the SD card. So you're well out of luck if your memory is full and you want to add something straight to the SD card. If you can even move any of the app's data to the external memory in the first place. It doesn't help that Google has to include all of this bloatware wank that you probably don't need, and absolutely bars you from deleting it (Google Books, Google Music, Google Bullcrap). I'm so close to hooking the phone up to the computer and just deleting this junk manually. That would probably lock the phone up, but it's not like this phone is anymore useful in its current state.If I had the ability to give this review a negative amount of stars, believe me I would. I have it on the charger now, but I'm so fed up with it that I want to throw it out the damn window and take a flamethrower to it. That, or slam dunk it into the trash where it belongs. I'm never buying from here again. I might as well just take my money and put it in the garbage disposal.