This is the best phone on the market as of February, 2014.  The battery lasts me a day, every day, at auto brightness, 3 hours of screen use, texting, games, and sync turned on.  It's the best battery I've seen yet!  The best part of the battery, however, is its fantastic charging time.  Due to the USB 3.0, it charges MUCH faster than 2.0.  So if you're running low and need to go somewhere soon, plugging it in for twenty minutes will get you a couple more hours of use.  That's really the only specific feature worth noting.  Everything else is similarly great.  The camera is sharp and much better at taking flash free pictures in the dark.  Call quality has always been great for me, don't worry about the negative review, I think Sprint patched it by now.  The screen is AMAZING.  Super high resolution, great colors, etc.  The finger hovering feature is great too.  More and more I find myself trying to hover over links in the chrome browser expecting them to tell me something, like hovering a mouse over it.  I hope Google makes use of that with the chrome browser soon.  The phone itself is a technological powerhouse.  Everybody knows about the great quad core processor in it.  It's SUPER fast and playing Modern Combat 4 is never an issue.  It's stable too, apps hardly ever force close.  It can do screen mirroring to a number of Samsung BluRay players, Smart TVs, and the Allshare Cast dongle thing.  Wifi Direct is a cool feature too, it's like blue tooth but faster and longer range.  The most hidden features of this phone are quite unique.  It has an accurate thermometer, hygrometer (humidity sensor), altimeter (altitude), barometer (pressure), magnetic sensor (ie compass), accelerometer, gyroscope, light sensor, proximity sensor, and of course GPS.  It also works as a TRULY universal remote.  Honestly, this thing works with EVERYTHING.  I use it even with a 10 year old motorola AV Receiver.  Sprint FINALLY rolled out 4G in my area last month, about a month after I got this phone.  It's a lot faster than 4G, but their service still isn't the best.  Honestly, I would recommend getting this phone on Verizon for a better experience.  Check service coverage in your area before buying!  Oh yeah, the SPen feature is surprisingly useful is you need it, yet incredibly hidden and non-invasive if you don't.  It's really great for taking notes, jotting down ideas or measurements if you're building something for example, etc.  It's also nice just to have as a more precise thing than a finger.  Purchasing and setting the phone up through amazon was easy enough, just follow the on screen instructions.  You do have to use a computer for one step, but it's easy and I had it working within 15 minutes of opening.  If you're thinking of NOT buying the phone because you're afraid it'll be too big, BUY IT!!!  It'll feel completely normal and comfortable within a few days.  Get the phone, you'll love it.  Oh, and also protect it, I imagine this one will hold its value for quite sometime after you purchase it, so do yourself a favor and get a screen protector and case.  I recommend the SUPERSHIELDZ screen protectors and Otterbox Defender case.  With the defender, just take an exacto-knife and cut out the built in screen protector.  It's worthless.Oh, and if you're considering this or the iPhone, get this and make your friends jealous!