I've had the pleasure of owning this phone for over a year.  I am currently ordering a replacement digitizer so that I can continue to get life out of this phone.  When I had searched for a Phone, I was looking for small size, physical qwerty, 5+ camera and touch screen.  This phone fit all of this perfectly.  I have been able to get a lot of use out of this phone both in the states and outside.  I have never had any major issues with the phone, it still slides perfectly as the day I bought it.  I've put this through a lot of abuse over the year and it keeps on trucking.So if you are looking for a few simple things in a phone and don't want a 4" brick in your pocket, this or it's follow up the SK17a would be a great choice.I will mention that I do not have a data plan, most places now have wifi and I have separate navigation because I don't want to carry around a 4" phone just to use my navigation once a year.  I just really don't need to stay connected to people that often when I'm not around some wifi anyway.  Texting works just great for those places where there is no wifi.What do I like:-size, the 2.5 screen is designed well and fits perfect into your hand-takes great pictures if you aren't looking for 1500$ camera pictures-the well thought out physical qwerty, I rarely need keys that aren't already there-the microSD slot, don't have to upgrade my phone because I want more space-**plug and play ability for music, I'm constantly adding/taking away music with just sliding folders over, no extra software-built in stand for standing the phone on its side, you'd be surprised how often you use it when its there.-gmail sync-google voiceWhat I don't like:-This phone can be very sluggish at times especially when texting quite a bit-**referring to the ease of adding music which I like, the music player is terrible for setting up playlists and the software makes it so you have to sync up your library again and its just a hassle, if you use iTunes, get doubleTwist and save yourself some headaches-you only get 4 options on the main screen, choose wisely-my contacts and calls are in two separate programs, taking up two of my four spots when they could easily take up one. I could have just the one for calls but I do use the contacts enough that I don't like having to go down a page and then click, its not essential but it is annoying for how I use this phone.-battery battery battery... it's life is terrible, keep the chargers (yea you are going to need at least 2) very close if you talk on the phone a lot-moving icons around is a nightmare at times, I imagine this can happen on any phone but the compact screen makes for an extra fun nightmare-DO NOT even turn this phone on without a screen protector, don't get me wrong the phone can take a beating but the screen scratches very easily, seriously admire it from inside the wrapping until you have a clean room and a screen protector to put on it.-The texting screen is a bit cramped with a huge box for language at the bottom that is just unnecessary and the whole contact coming down randomly from the top, you are lucky to get two lines of text in between them.In conclusion I will say that I enjoy this phone very much even with all of its quirks and I will likely look into getting the SK17a or something similar after this phone has run its course.  I think that the phones of today have gotten too big for their use and I really like using my phone for just that, a phone.  It's not a TV or a video console so lets not try to turn something into something it is not.  It boils down to use and while I do wish this phone had better battery life, be less sluggish (faster processor) and a bit better design of the OS, I believe the SK17a has resolved all of these issues.