There are few changes in the second season of Scrubs versus the first season, mainly because the formula works so well. As the season opens, J.D., Turk, and Elliot have just finished their internships and are entering their medical residency years. Also, Jordan, Cox's caustic ex-wife, has set the cat among the pigeons by outing her ex's crush on Carla (and Turk's knowledge of it), Elliot's crush on JD, Kelso's manipulation of Cox, and the fact that she has slept with JD - and it was "go-ood". The gang can barely look at one another - Turk and JD are forced to bunk together, Carla is huffing, Elliot is hiding under tables to avoid JD, and Cox is blowing steam through his nose everytime he sees Kelso.In "My Nightingale", Dr. Cox tries to convince Jordan that they should reunite, and that he is not the same self-sabotaging person he was when they were married. However, Jordan leaves after she hears what is supposed to be an introductory speech praising evil Dr. Kelso that Cox turns into a roast. Fortunately for Cox, though, the audience misconstrues his remarks as sarcastic and humorous. The funniest part of this episode is the appearance of hospital lawyer Ted (Sam Lloyd) and his real-life acapella group spending an entire night-shift singing TV theme tunes, including upbeat renditions of The Six Million Dollar Man and Charles in Charge. You see, TV theme songs are their specialty. From that point forward, "The Blanks" are frequently featured in the show."My Fruit Cups" is a realistic episode about financial pressures that medical students face as Turk and J.D. periodically fill their trunk with hospital food - specifically fruit cups and pudding - to help make ends meet. The janitor is making J.D. sweat over this issue since he tells him he is investigating a number of thefts at the hospital. Only later do we find out he is investigating the theft of drugs, not food. Elliot, who up to now has had no financial problems since her father has been footing the entire bill, finds out that his generosity comes with a price - Her dad believes he has purchased the right to tell her what medical specialty to enter into. Meanwhile, Jordan has returned, obviously pregnant, but who is the father?The J.D/Elliot relationship resurfaces when Elliot begins to feel alone and financially pressured for the first time in her life after her dad withdraws his support. On top of everything, she is being sued by a patient whom she wrongly diagnosed as having eight months to live when he winds up living longer than that. So she begins to have sex with JD in order to relax, until at some point they become sex buddies. JD begins to really like this no-strings set up until  Turk tells him that at some point Elliot is going to search for sex sometime when her emotions are normalized and then J.D. will be back where he was with her last year. This leaves JD seeking a way to break up with her again."His Story" is probably my favorite episode of the season because it features the snarky Dr. Cox and has just the right amount of comedy and drama. First off, J.D. says for the first time, that he has no story to tell and Dr. Cox takes over the narration for a change. Thus the episode reveals a lot about the character of Dr Cox, with scenes such as his therapist telling him he'll end up all alone, the party that nobody turns up to with all that money spent on pizza, and Cox's reaction to JD leaving him. Combine this with such insanely random humor as Pancake Man and Johnny the tackling Alzheimer's patient and you have a nearly perfect episode.Later in the season, J.D. finds himself attracted to Jamie, the T.C.W. (tasty coma wife), a woman whose husband has been in a coma for the past two years. He fights the attraction, but later the husband dies, and J.D. begins a relationship with her. Unfortunately, she gets bored easily, and J.D. finds out Jamie is a "drama queen" - in order to keep her interested he has to stir up some kind of trouble. However, when he runs out of ideas and tells her that he and Elliot are getting back together he realizes things have gone too far.In summary, if you enjoyed Season One of Scrubs, you'll enjoy Season Two just as much or more.