I was mainly interested in using this phone for voice calling and as a camera, with occasional use of the smartphone capabilities. I have no interest in using it to play music or videos. The phone works very well and it easy to use. The builtin Web browser is not so great, so I supplemented with Opera Mini and Opera Mobile, which are also not so great (compared to Firefox on a laptop), but any of these browsers will do more than what I expected, so I'm happy. The Ovi maps feature was a big surprise--this is a fantastic GPS mapping tool. I'm also impressed by the QuickOffice, which provides both a rinky-dink calculator for simple arithmetic, plus a full-featured spreadsheet for complex financial calculations. The email program doesn't do what I wanted, unfortunately, but it will suffice. The problem is that I use yahoo mailbox, with reply-to so that the email address people reply to is different from my yahoo address. But the Nokia device doesn't support this, apparently. It doesn't really matter for people who already know my permanent email address. It's just I don't want new recipients putting this yahoo address in their database rather than my permanent address. The touchscreen is a nuisance to use, especially with the browsers when links on pages are too close together. But it works well enough. I don't do a lot of texting. I'm running the PR1.2 version, dated 2011-03-01, which supposedly fixes most of the bugs in the earlier versions. I just go the phone two days ago, and so there is probably many features I am unaware of. But I am very happy with what I have so far. BTW I use ATT pay-as-you-go with an add-on data package here in the United States and plan to use the phone with a local SIM when I am in Europe, as I do for 3 months each year. Finally, battery life is great.Followup: I added this thing called mycalculs60 by kylom.com, which gives me a much better calculator (financial and scientific functions) than the quickoffice calculator. What I'm finding is that I mostly use the phone, camera, maps, calculator, alarm and calendar. So the half-ass browser and hard-to-use keyboard really isn't that big a deal. If I want to do serious internet browsing or data entry, I do so on a laptop. Using the internet on the phone is just for emergencies when I can't get to a laptop. Also, there is a way to get what I want with yahoo email. Namely, use the Opera mobile browser to goto the Yahoo mobile site rather than using the Nokia email.Bottom line: if you're looking for a good PHONE/CAMERA/MAPS/CALCULATOR combo, this is probably the best available. If you mostly want to play Angry Birds and have snappy performance due to a dual-core processor, along with lousy battery life due to that same dual-core processor, then get an Iphone or Android. More seriously, if you absolutely need some of the Iphone or Android apps, then yes, you won't be able to use this Nokia. That's the only real shortcoming.