Let me describe an event at work,.......during a meeting when 30+ people are present, someone's phone rings...  It is a familiar and typical iphone ringtone.  most of the people start fumbling their pockets or start looking at their(i)phone to check if its their phone ringing.  iphone has become real common commodity.., believe it or not..For those who really wants to be unique, especially from iphone users (as per my experience) and feel special about it, this is the phone for you.All right, sentiments apart...Here is my take on this phone.  I bought this phone from Amazon shortly after its launch and using it ever since.Since so many users have posted very good and accurate reviews about Nokia N8 with Pros and Cons here, I am focusing mainly on user experience and some WOW factors that other phones can not/do not offer (for free).- Only smartphone that dose not mandate you to subscribe a smart phone data plan without loosing most of its functionality (or without rooting/jailbreaking etc.) savings of $35 a month since day one....I bought this one at full price but its free after a year of use just because of data plan savings.  I still use low priced data plan and take full advantages of smartphone features like anywhere email, upload pic directly to facebook, local searches etc etc.-  Internet on the go anywhere anytime (with data plan subscription, of-course).  I just plug in my phone to my laptop using usb cable and my laptop is connected to internet.  I can also use my phone as wifi hot spot and tether data to my ipad hassle free.  saved few hundred dollars and bought only wifi version of ipad.  saved hundreds more when no data plan needed for ipad.  More savings.......and same great ipad experience!!!!-  Great camera, takes amazing natural looking pictures unlike other smartphones which tend to over saturate colors to look them better on phone screen.  I regularly use nokia n8 to take pictures at work and add it as a part of my presentation.  Looks really hi quality even if projected on big screen.  I did receive many complements from my (mostly iphone using) co-workers.-  Free GPS with no data plan requirement added spoken direction with street names in more than 30 languages, online traffic updates and many other bells and whistles...  Self explanatory....I never have to carry my gps while on the go, as true with any other smartphones.  Where n8 beats every one is native voice guided navigation in multiple languages without using a data plan (and using it if you want to)I set my route in the phone and let it sit somewhere on dashboard.  95% of the time I could navigate just by listening to the voice guidance without looking at the tiny map screen on the phone.  The voice guidance is very clear and spoken street names really makes the driving in unknown place a breeze as you are simply focusing on driving.  My wife is so jealous just because of this feature.- HDMI out -  I connect my phone to my lcd tv using the provided cable and play Need for Speed (free with phone).Can wirelessly connect to the Laptop !!  DLNA sharing app lets me connect and stream my pics and vids from my phone wirelessly to my laptop, which i connect to my tv and share my pics as a slide show to friends at home while me sitting on couch holding the phone in my hand.Well, these are the features and experiences that makes me love this phone, the part I love the most is that these things come with it at a substantially lower price upfront and significant lower monthly cost, not to mention freedom of using it over any GSM network and not having sign a two year contract.!!!!Obviously, this phone has its shortcomings and trade offs, and many reviews here describe them accurately.For me, the cons are,-  screen could have been larger,-  clunky user interface-  soon to be obsolete OS-  speaker on the back of the phone right below the camera module, significantly reduces the sound volume if the phone is lying on bed speaker facing downwards.-  App store experience could have been better.However, it has been more good experience than bad. Constantly attracting curious looks from people when they see me using this phone, and many of them drop their jaw when they hear that it has 12 MP camera.I dont mean to show iphone down by any means and I personally feel that iphone s user interface is much better.However I do not regret buying Nokia N8 at all.America is a country of freedom and this is the only device that gives me true freedom of choosing any service provider, choosing to opt for a smart phone data plan or not, not binding myself into two year contract and still able to enjoy a smartphone experience and not to forget freedom of using (free) GPS signals without paying for navigation service using the device you own.