The biggest problem with this phone is that it is not the "U.S. Version" E6 (at least that is not what I got and that is not what several other reviewers got).  It seems likely that you'll get an E6 with a Spanish language keyboard (watch yourself make an N with a tilde every time you want a comma) and Symbian Anna software lightly-branded by Costa Rican carrier Movistar.  Outside of that, it's stock Anna.  I was excited about this, because I had heard that many E6 owners preferred Anna to the Symbian Belle update.  It seemed OK until applications started crashing the phone all the time (less than 24 hours in).  Reboot, crash, reboot, crash, reboot, crash.  I also noticed many apps were only compatible with Belle.  So I plugged it into my PC, downloaded Nokia Suite, and tried to update.  But it never recognized Belle as an available update for my E6.Undeterred, I pulled out my trusty Nokia firmware flashing tools (this is not my first rodeo) and installed a custom Belle firmware (Steve Litchfield's "Adventures in Custom Firmware" on All About Symbian is a great starting place in case you would dare to try such a thing, though it most certainly voids whatever warranty you thought you had and poses a realistic risk of completely breaking your phone).  Now I have a stable phone with stupendous battery life, a beautiful high-res display (best I've used outside the iPhone), and an N-tilde key that makes a comma (muscle memory is overcoming the Spanish keyboard just fine, though I may replace it later with an aftermarket English keypad).  I got this phone "Used - Very Good" from Amazon Warehouse Deals for $128, and it was indeed in splendid shape, so at this point I'm pretty happy with my purchase.  At $220 or whatever the going price is for a new model, I'd be rather upset at what was in the package.To go back to the phone, you can't just like keyboards in order to like this phone, and you can't just be someone who is like, "I have a dumbphone, I just want a really basic smartphone."  This phone is the black sheep of an abandoned platform.  You will encounter bugs and incompatibilities at every angle.  You will be dumbfounded.  You will either throw it in the trash or hack it into submission.  There is no middle ground, there is no just using this phone and being happy with it.  You either master it or it masters you.If you can master it, what you'll find is a device that you can't resist playing with and showing off.  It's a rather functional fashion accessory.  You'll marvel at its construction, and you'll type text messages even when you have nothing to say, just for the sake of typing on the wonderful keypad (after you train yourself about what to do with N-tildes, of course).  You'll find that you can't do everything you could do with Android or iOS, but you can do enough that you don't feel that you're missing out on much; rather, everybody else is missing out on something truly unique and special by sticking with their large boring touchscreen slabs.  Who knows when someone will make a phone quite like this again?  Might as well use it now while you can at least get a functioning Twitter app for it.