Registering the phone with page plus cellular was very easy (I had worried, needlessly, that it wouldn't be compatible).  Unlike some sellers mentioned in other reviews, Oakland Wireless did NOT include a memory card in the phone.  Never having had a phone that accepted memory cards and not realizing the SD card wasn't in the list of included accessories, it took a while, with no help from Oakland wireless (but they did respond quickly to me emails asking for help), to figure this out.  The pictures on how to insert the card were clear but it wasn't obvious to me what the SD card looked like installed). Installing/removing it is easy. I downloaded the manual from Motorola but mostly haven't used it.  Maybe reading it would allow me to move some of the icons to other 'pages' of my screen and/or remove some I would never use.  I can only reposition them within the same visual portion of the page.  At this time I'm not using it for internet access (but bought the phone should I one day want to).  The camera quality is pretty poor - 6 pixels, as I recall, isn't sufficient for a decent picture.  I don't use the keyboard because the logical one, with the camera turned sideways, has been fine (but the tiny keyboard is not fine at all for my fingers).  The phone arrived very quickly; probably at the beinning of the arrival timeframe, in fine condition.  It's heavier than some of my friends' phones; that's probably due to the keyboard.  Sound quality is ok. I don't use it often and keep it in sleep mode most of the time. It holds a charge for about 2-3 weeks.UPDATE JULY 2013: After several months, I find the phone ok, nothing special.  The scrolling on the touch screen is 'too fast' for my klutzy fingers.  BUT the biggest problem with the phone - I am on a prepaid plan (I pay for each minute):  It is VERY difficult to end the call, and I often pay for an extra minute of time.  I have pressed the end-call button, held it down, pressed multiple times, contemplated throwing the phone against a nearby wall, and have even exited that screen to put the phone into sleep mode (effective but a big pain).  Ending the call is a capricious enterprise. Also, turning the phone on and off is a bit difficult - the button is small and seems recessed.2nd UPDATE Nov 2013.  I seldom use the phone.  Last week the battery stopped holding a charge and would only charge to 60%.  A battery store person said that because it would only charge to 60% the problem isn't in the battery. The phone's charge did hit 0% charge at least once (lack of use and interest). I'll be ordering a new battery just to be sure (if turns out ok, it will be a backup), I've purchased a different phone as I'm heading out of town in 2 days and need it for the trip. I did prefer the touch screen to the keyboard after a while.