When I initially reviewed this phone, I gave it glowing endorsements based upon a unit that met specifications.  Unfortunately, after acquiring a few other units I have come to the conclusion that many critics have been correct.  While I still think this is a decent phone, it appears to have been plagued with inconsistent manufacturing standards, slightly cheaper components, and higher failure rates than other Sanyo models.The Sanyo 8200 is a solid phone that will be far superior to many alternatives. Not to mention, with the deals you get for signing a 2 year agreement, this phone can be a great value. Sanyo added a few extra nice features for this phone like an alarm (yippie!!!) and appointment calendar. But overall, the features are only slightly above average compared with the current generation of phones. Let's face it, some of these newer phones have really raised our expectations.The phone camera is not top-end but decent for daytime use. Of course the speakerphone quality is high quality as usual with Sanyo phones.The signal strength isn't as good as the 4900 or the 8300.  I suspect they cut corners on the antenna. If you are a person that demands 5 bars in every location, get the 8300 instead. In addition, the MM7500 and the 9000 will probably both offer stronger antennae with their superior next gen features.  While the reception sounds fine, this phone averages 2-3 bars.The screen resolution is also good but not fantastic. The memo recorder could have used much more memory.Sprint coverage is better than advertised as long as you use a good phone. Customer service is not as great as it used to be, but it's still better than Verizon.  I'm switching friends off of Verizon to Sprint. Believe me, if you have bad reception, you have a bad phone and it's time to use that warrantee. With this phone, I've had to go back to the Sprint store countless times to get them to swap it out.Several reviewers have stated they have problems with sounding garbled during conversations. Most likely, this is another case where you need to utilize that warranty or return policy. When the phone is good, it's good. If you're having problems, you probably have one of the 30% of these phones that comes off the manufacturing line with hardware issues. They might not give you another model, but they definitely have to replace the phone.Also, be mindful of the firmware version of this phone.  Even replacement versions are shipping at rev 25.  You should go to the store to update your phone to rev 29 or better.One thing that is a big disappointment is the lack of accessories that come standard with this phone. Not to mention, when are manufacturers going to make a data cable standard?Unfortunately these criticisms apply to all phones. Sanyo has added some nice features to this model. Even with its flaws, it's a decent deal for the price. If you can afford the next generation, however, I would recommend it.  Best wishes!