I bought two of these phones, one for my daughter and one for me after reading a must read review by a teenager who gave a very good review on its features. We my daugher and I both really like the phone. I had been using the most basic phone tracphone users can use, I liked it just fine but my daughters keep texting me and it was a pain to text them back on my old phone. This new phone has made texting much faster.Here is what we like and why:The key board is really easy to use. I have read the reviews about the period being a problem when using the space bar, but if you play around with it you will figure out where to touch the bar so it doesn't do that, on mine if you push to the center/left you never have that problem.The silent mode is really silent, no vibrating unless you put it on vibrate.Better reception then our old phones.I usually have trouble remembering all the "shortcuts" you can use to make navigating faster on electronic items, but I've been pleasantly surprised at how easy it has been to figure out and remember the shortcuts on the keyboard. If you go to the tracfone site they have a really easy to follow manual, but the phone is cheaper at Amazon.I've never had a camera on a phone before, also really easy to use. It also has a camcorder feature but I haven't use it yet.I like the calendar, you can actually add events.It has a tasks feature for all those things you need to do.It also has a memo feature, it is okay for quick notes but it doesn't have much space so be brief.You can browse on line but you may only want to do that through your wi-fi connect on the menu where there is free wireless to connect to, otherwise it will cost you and browsing can get pricey. You will know if you are browsing on the wireless if your signal indicator on your screen turns green. If it is blue you will be using your minutes/units. You can also download things from the web. I found some fun free screen savers for the holidays and downloaded them with no problems. I know there are some of you rolling your eyes, but since I haven't had a phone that would do that before I think this is pretty cool.The screen isn't a touch screen but the middle button is a scroll button, which makes it much easier to move around. Although sometimes it can be difficult to get it to stop where you want it, on the first try.Really the only thing I haven't liked about the phone is the browser button. I don't like that you can hit the browser by accident and be connected before you realize you are using your minutes. I try to remember to turn off the wi-fi unless I want to have internet access, but sometimes forget.If you want a really good review find the teenagers, her review is really the one to see.I would recommend this phone to anyone who wants some fun,useful and easy to use features on their phone.I would not recommend this phone if what you are interested in is a smart phone.