I am now on hold with customer service AGAIN after 2+ hours today!!!  I am trying to set up my voice-mail on my new Tracfone, and it is not working.  I have suggested that perhaps this particular phone has a defect and may need to be replaced - but they keep telling me that all is fine - however after 2 hours today and 1 hour last week, 5 different cust. service reps, and almost an hour worth of wasted minutes calling my voice mail to see if it is finally working - still not working.  I press the numbers on the dial keys, and voice mail doesn't acknowledge them - a defect right???  I am now on my "4th higher up tech." level after each lower tech must spend over 30 minutes going through "protocol" reading off a script the entire time - repeating scripted words over and over and never having the vocabulary to answer any questions/concerns off their notes.  This is ridiculous and VERY frustrating.  I was originally really excited about this phone; but now I am hoping that I can easily return it through Amazon for a full refund. Note:  I was unaware that calling voice mail to retrieve messages uses paid minute time.  This is a negative thing in my opinion.  It takes a minimum of 1 minute to call in to voice mail and then more minutes wasted as it always takes you through prompts each and every time - then add any minutes that the message left may be - if your friends/family leave long messages, the paid minutes can go quite quickly - one phone call leaving instructions can be 5 minutes or more.In addition to the faulty voice mail other negatives include:It takes a long time for the phone to turn on.  I chose tracfone because I mostly want a cel phone for emergencies and coordinating with friends when at large events/places such as Disneyland etc.  However, the phone takes so long to turn on, that if I was in an emergency, it would not be effective.The screen takes a lot of pressure to scroll/access functions.There is a secure/lock feature that can be turned off for the main phone, but not for dialing out calls - including calling voice mail.  According to 5 different service techs., this feature cannot be removed/turned off and is part of the phone.  This is especially annoying when calling voice mail since it locks up the screen every 3-5 seconds;  makes it challenging to follow the prompts because in between every prompt, the screen locks and then it hangs up because I can't push the numbers in time since the screen is locked - UGH!Customer service is HORRIBLE!  Nice people, but inefficient with all their processes and forced limited scripts.  Still on hold while I write this as I am being transferred FINALLY to a manager after talking to: Redilyn, Sweetie, Charity, Chad (a woman), Erning and Elbisa (each spelled out their names for me)......I will include an update if this issue ever gets resolved.  In the meantime, I have wasted over 50 minutes of my pre-paid time calling voice mail as directed over and over and over and over again and several hours of my time talking with customer service reps and being put on hold as I am transferred to different levels of "higher tech support".I am not satisfied with this product and cannot recommend it to anyone.  I am jealous of the reviewers who have had no problems and love their phone.  I may just have a lemon, but if this is the case, it is way too hard to get it replaced.  I would not risk it again.  No to Tracfone.