I am a mature user who has been with Virgin Mobile since 2006 and very happy with their service. This is my 4th Virgin Mobile phone -- I have purchased 3 this year for various reasons and at great sale prices and my original Nokia Shorty is still working great!I purchased this phone because I am selling an app for Android to business owners. It is the only reason I got it as I was very happy with my LG Rogue that I bought in the beginning of the year. So it is my first Android phone.First, the overall look and feel of this phone is classy. It is slim and not too big, and it is a two tone of platinum and brown. The keys light up in the dark and are shaded with a brown tone as well. The keyboard keys are small and also sculpted I think to make it easy to maneuver around them. I too had a hard time initially texting and using the touchscreen. The touch is very sensitive. I was not sure I would like it as the operating system is Android and took some getting used to as well. In my first few phone calls the screen went dark and I was unable to hang up. I actually had to ask the other person to hang up. Later I realized it is related to the display setting for screen timeout. I had it set to 2 minutes and that was the reason the screen went dark.I think a lot of the complaints are related to the operating system -- which is Android. It is more sophisticated than regular feature phones and lets you do more but you also are required to know more. It also tends to drain batteries more and that is a problem with EVERY android phone even the expensive ones. What you need to do is remove apps that you aren't using and turn off data. There are free apps to help you do that.For the battery issue: what you should do if you are not using your data is TURN IT OFF which is easy to do from the settings screen. When I turn my battery off it will last about 2 days. Realize that with every Android phone you will have the issue as basically the operating system is too "BIG" for the hardware at this point until the next genius figures out how to make the hardware fit the software.Gradually I began to like the phone more and more.. for it's elegance.. the one touch command to bring up the search for example M will bring up all items related to M automatically. It is very easy to search the phone or internet -- the advantage of an android over a hierarchical phone where you have to navigate menus. I like the fast scrolling opitons and the fact that you have have 5 different home screens or ids as they are called. Someone said you cannot remove the Virgin Mobile downloads.. not true.. you can easily remove any app by going to settings/applications/manage apps. You need to spend some time with the user manual and the phone to really know the true capabilities.The phone can be customized in a million ways. I also love the live window wallpapers that are animated. I bought Snowfall Live which shows a snowy mountain and changes the scene based on the time of day. There are a million android apps to use on the phone.The sound quality of the speakers is excellent. They even had a preset "classic" bell phone ring which I love!SO, this phone is NOT for someone who is going to be doing alot of video and music streaming.. you will go through the battery very quickly. This is a phone for someone who wants a classier phone that can do more but is not wanting to deal with more expensive/sophisticated hardware. It grew on me slowly and now I love it. IF you love to tinker around and explore, if you want a nice looking phone that doesn't cost big bucks, if you'd like to explore the planet Android, this is a good first step.And like another reviewer said -- review the phone you have not the one you want.I think it is a class deal at a great price and I'm glad i got it!