PLUSESFirst, let me say I am writing this review for both the GSM (AT&T;) and LTE (Verizon) versions of this phone. I'll explain in a moment. I bought the phone (the GSM version) because I was looking for a pure Android experience. I wanted the OS minus the wrappers and such added by carriers, and manufacturers. This phone delivers in that department. No phone I've owned surpasses the beauty of this phone. From the physical build to the smooth interface of ICS (& JB). The experience is incredible and I thought for sure I had found the perfect device, but it quickly turned south when I began to use the phone for, well, a phone.MINUSESThis is where the positive parts of my review end. I always read reviews, and heavily research things before I purchase them. Typically, I will listen to my gut and do what I think is best based on the opinion of other individuals and professional reviews, but this time I was totally star struck by ICS, and Jelly Bean, and the "pure Google experience". I purchased this phone to replace the Galaxy S2 (GSM Ver), which I loved. Great phone, but I was ready to make a move. Anyway, I noticed the day I fired up the GN that I was in trouble. The signal was below that of my wife's SkyRocket and the SGS2. Not only were the bars fewer, but the actual dbm reading was less. I live in a rural area in southern Arkansas, so AT&T; coverage is mediocre at best in many parts of my area. It's fine in town, but not so much when between the 'larger' towns.I'm beginning to travel regionally more now for work so I decided to pick up the Verizon version of the GN to try out. Verizon's footprint in the area is great, even offering 4G. I thought for sure that the GN on Verizon would be the ticket. So, a friend and I went to a job site together (I work in IT) via a rural state road. He had a Droid Bionic and I was sporting the LTE Galaxy Nexus (and still had the AT&T; version as well). During the 1.25hr drive the Droid Bionic got consistently -20dbm better signal (IE, I had -115dBm and he had -95dBm). This was the case on both 3G & 4G towers. It difference was incredible. The Bionic lost signal a few times during the trip, while both versions of Nexi were without signal 90% of the time through the rough patches.CONCLUSIONIf call quality, and signal isn't important to you, I can not recommend this phone to you. I'm very disappointed as I really wanted to like this phone. I turned in the Verizon GN for a Droid RAZR Maxx, which I have used for one day and love it. I drove the same stretch of road and was able to make phone calls, and pulled down a few songs over the 3G network while I was on the drive. Motorola wins no beauty contests, but beauty is only skin deep!