I've had this phone for almost a year now, and I'm definitely looking forward to replacing it.  My first smartphone was a Droid, and I really miss the keyboard, but those are pretty hard to find these days, so I've managed to adjust to the touch-screen typing, but it is still inferior to the Droid's qwerty.  However, that's not specific to this phone.  I don't get service as well as I used to, but that may be from switching networks.  On to the HTC One V:First of all, this phone is slow.  I often tap things and have to wait several seconds for anything to happen.  Or I'll keep tapping, thinking it didn't take (because sometimes it doesn't) and wind up going somewhere totally different than I intended because it is going but doesn't look like it.  So then I have take forever backing out to get to what I was going to do.  I use this phone to process credit cards with PayAnywhere for my business, and it is embarrassingly slow.  And I don't have all that many apps on here and try to make sure apps I'm not using are not running... but of course a lot of them come back when I reboot, which often.Battery life is okay if I don't use the GPS and stay in range.  If I'm in a basement where I have no reception, battery is gone within an hour.  And if I'm using the GPS in the car, I pretty much have to keep it connected to the car charger or it's dead by the time I get to where I'm going.  Sometimes when it's connected to the car charger, it warns me that the charger is supplying less juice than the phone is using... so even though it's being charged, it's still losing battery power.  And I can't carry a spare charged battery with me because you can't open this phone to remove/replace the battery.  And sometimes it randomly reboots when it's low on battery, especially if you're trying to charge it and use it, and having it be low on battery, rebooting randomly, and sometimes not wanting to come on when you are in the middle of nowhere and trying to use its GPS is not fun, especially because if the phone is dead, both my ability to use the GPS to find where I'm going and to call for help/directions are gone.The phone is irregular about notifying me of emails and social media messages, but I'm not sure if that is because of the phone or the apps.For some reason, you can use downloaded/custom songs for ringtones, but not for notifications.  This has always irked me.Sound volume doesn't get as loud as I would have expected for a phone that brags of its audio and is shaped to help project sound.But anyway, by far my least favorite part of the phone and that has me wanting to replace it is that it sometimes doesn't send or receive text messages and I don't know it.  I have to reboot often, as this sometimes pushes them through... but not always.  So I never know if people got my messages or not unless they reply... and sometimes they get their messages and I don't get the reply until I reboot a few hours or days later.  Very frustrating.  I use both the app it came with and Handcent SMS, same issue.  A cousin of mine has the same phone and has a different issue, she gets text messages RESENT from her phone at random times.Overall, I'm sad that this is the quality I get with a phone that is rated so well.  I need a better one, but not sure if it exists, other than perhaps an iphone, which I can't afford.