I've been using a flip phone - yes, a flip phone - for years, and have only been texting for about a year.  I couldn't take it anymore on the flip phone with the T9 texting even with supposedly predictive text method.  So my contracts on all my phones w. Verizon were all up and I didn't want to re-enroll and commit to another 2-year contract and realized I was really overpaying for my minutes/texts in my Verizon plan.  I am so glad I shopped around for no-contract phones and found this one for my MVDO (PagePlus) that runs on Verizon's network for way less money.Everyone wondered why I didn't get an iPhone or a cool smartphone.  I'll tell you why.  I have an iPad already.  If I want apps, I'll use my iPad.  I just want a more convenient phone for texting than a flip phone.  Well, boy did I get what I bargained for.  Instead of paying $500 for a no-contract smartphone, I paid about $70 on Amazon for a pretty darn full-featured "basic" phone.  It has a lot of cool features.First and foremost, I absolutely love the hinged full QWERTY keyboard style of this phone.  When i want to talk, I can see the numbers and just dial and talk (I have another phone on Consumer Cellular that has a tiny little keyboard on the face of the phone and I can't see the numbers without my glasses, so this LG enV3 VX9200 is great for seeing the numbers!).  And if I do want to text, I just open the hinge and there's a nice QWERTY keyboard with a good tactile feel on the keys, they're separated enough so that you rarely type the wrong key, they're slightly raised, good feel, and they have great keyboard features, like the most commonly used punctuation marks right on the keyboard (comma, exclamation point, question mark, apostrophe, quote, etc.).  All you have to do is hit the "symbol" key to tell the phone you want to use those characters.  No more meandering through 5 menus just to get to the list of these punctuation marks.  And a quick messaging key, and a "favorites" key (just hit Favorites, select your contact, and start typing the text or even calling them).  It's easy to type on, and it lays just about flat if you put it down.I have a Mac so I worried about getting the contacts on the phone.  One thing that was a little weird and surprising is that I had expected to be able to just put the microSD card in the phone and transfer my contacts from my old phone to this LG but for some reason I couldn't figure out how to get it to recognize the card for that.  It does see my pictures and music but not my contacts.  So the worry part was about finding a Mac-compatible software program I could use to transfer the contacts from my Mac or from the file I'd exported (CSV) from Verizon's backup assistant.  Well, thankfully, that wasn't an issue because I gave the bluetooth file transfer a shot.  Usually my Mac doesn't pair with these cell phones, the older ones, but it saw the phone, and I was able to send the VCF contact files to the phone from the Mac via bluetooth.  And so that means if I really wanted to (and I don't), I could even use my iPad keyboard and bluetooth pair it to this phone if I wanted to do any serious typing.  Everything else on this phone is a bonus - voice commands, IM, Internet (which I don't plan to use - again, i have an iPad, this phone is for calling and texting).Voice quality is great, bells and whistles are great for a phone in this price range.  You really get a lot for your money.  I absolutely love this phone!