I've had the Galaxy S4 for 2 days and switched from an iPhone 4 that I'd had for 2 years.  It was a difficult transition from an iPhone to an android based phone because I was not used to having so many choices about customization.  This is a good thing though and one of the reasons I decided not to get another iPhone.The good:- The S4 is very fast.  I think it's amazing to be able to use 2 apps at the same time on the same screen.  My iPhone 4 was slowing down and could barely handle the Facebook app.- Visually appealing.  There's a lot of eye candy here however, if that's not your thing, you could easily tone it down.-  Size.  You'll find this in both the good and bad category.  The size does make it easier to complete work on the phone and see web pages that aren't optimized for mobile use.-  Great camera.  The camera really does a great job and comes with lots of helpful editing tools.  It can even take front and back photos at the same time.-  Battery life is impressive for such a large phone with a lot of activity on the screen.-  Bells and whistles.  This will also be on both lists.  The phone has tons of little, interesting things it can do, however it feels a lot like you're in beta testing mode.  Some of them are pretty buggy.  However, nothing that most people would actually rely on is buggy so the phone still functions really solidly.-  Easy mode feature.  There is a setting you can turn on that will make the phone easier for a new smart phone user or someone not very tech savvy to use.  I haven't tried it, but I think it's nice that it is there.-  The biggest for me is freedom.  I felt bossed around by my iPhone.  It annoyed me that there were things it just wouldn't let me do and apps that I couldn't uninstall.  The iPhone worked great and honestly is a much better overall device, but after 2 years of being annoyed by iTunes and being told what to do by Apple, I had enough.  This phone does come with a bunch of pre-installed apps but you can deactivate them.  This phone does require you to have a gmail account which didn't thrill me but it isn't too restrictive.The bad:-  I would prefer to use this without a case because of how big it already is but I am very sure I would break it quickly.  It's great that the phone is super light, given its impressive size, but a few extra ounces wouldn't hurt.  It feels a little flimsy without a case but maybe it's stronger than I think.  I'm not that interested in finding out though so I'll leave the case on at least for awhile.-  So that leads us into size again.  Unless you have large hands, this is going to be a little too big for most women.  Men would have an easier time.  I am getting used to it and it will be fine but I do miss the smaller iPhone that fit in my hand like a glove and that I could operate one handed very easily.  It is difficult for me to do anything 1 handed with this phone. I have heard there is a smaller version coming out but it is not as powerful.-  Bells and whistles.  The phone promises a lot of very interesting advanced features and some of them work great.  Some of them have never worked for me.  It's only been 2 days so maybe it is operator error but I kind of think it isn't.  A good example is the feature that allows you to wave your hand over the phone to answer in speaker mode.  This has never worked for me once.  I also haven't ever needed it so I guess it's fine that it doesn't work but I will keep trying.-  Google.  You have to have a gmail account to use the phone.  It doesn't need to be your primary e-mail account but it has to be on there.  Google features heavily on the phone.  Gmail isn't my primary e-mail account but I did already have one so I registered it.  This would have been fine but the gmail account was old and it transferred a ton of old contacts and pictures from an ancient Picassa account into the phone.  I did get the contacts out but even after deleting all the pics from Picassa, it was still somehow sending them to my phone.  I ended up just making a new gmail address.-  I do miss having the e-mail preview show up on the lock screen so I can get a quick glance without having to unlock the phone.  You can put a widget on the screen that will preview your e-mail account and that works fine for me, but I miss the iPhone style notifications.I think I do have more bad items than good but the bad items are mostly just little things and the good items are very important such as the speed and freedom to customize.  If I had to choose the biggest negative, it would be the size.  I'll get used to it though.  The iPhone actually felt really large at first as well.I am most curious as to how this is going to be functioning in a year or even 2.