Here's an update now that I've had the phone 3 months.  I should have given it 3 stars not 2, but I can't change it.To upgrade your phone to 3 stars too you must do the following -1. Follow all of the battery-extending advice you can find.  Turn the brightness down, disable email synch in the evenings, turn off beaming, turn off bluetooth, limit the backlighting, use the extended battery, switch to Edge instead of 3G.  If you do this your battery life will be 3 days instead of one.2. Gripe - you cannot edit tasks with this phone, you can only change the title.  This sort of bugs me because I use tasks a lot in Outlook.3. The alarm is buggy - the snooze sometimes keeps going.  If you have a sleeping S.O next to you they will be annoyed when you head to the shower and your phone keeps beeping.4. I got a headphone adpater off Ebay for $5, now I can plug the MP3 player into anything.  It still annoys me that they didn't put a standard headphone jack on this thing, the adapter is one more thing to carry around with you.The rest of my review still stands, and Windows Mobile is still terrible.My original review:I've had this thing for two weeks.  Coming from the Blackberry 8700c, this phone is a big disappointment.  Work issued this and took away the Blackberry and I'm stuck with it.  All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.  Here's my list, good and bad.* Battery life - attrocious.  Use the extended battery, throw away the standard one.  Trust me.  Grade: D.* Navigation - cumbersome.  The keys are too small, the 5-way nav with buttons get pressed accidentally.  Workable if you don't have huge hands.  Grade: B* Windows Mobile - I hate it.  Why do applications not quit when you end them?  Instead they stay memory resident and you have to manually cancel them using the task manager.  The menu is pre-loaded with goodies to buy from Cingular, how convenient.  Grade: C+ if you bother to learn the shortcut keys.* Java is broken, Google email doesn't work.  Maps DOES work with the new version, thankfully.  Grade: C.* No standard headphone jack.  HELLO??  This is suppose to be an MP3 player, right?  Somebody explain to me why this is OK.  Grade: F.* Phone quality - Grade A.  Yes, they did something right.  The phone works great, reception is great, speakerphone is great.  Bluetooth is great.* Outlook & email - This is workable, but difficult.  You can write an email, you can edit your schedule and tasks, but it's not easy.  If Blackberry gets and "A" (and it does), Blackjack gets a C.  It doesn't synch notes, so if you're an Outlook Notes person you're just left out, sorry.  Why??* Hardware quality - Very good, B+.  The thing really feels solidly built.  The screen is vibrant and attractive.  The camera seems to work fine, although I may use it twice per year.In short, if you really want to get work done on your phone get a Blackberry.  If you want a phone that does a lot of things poorly but looks nice, this could be the one for you.