If I could rate this phone based on performance compared to my expectations, I'd give it five and a half stars.  Let's get the "needs improvement" out of the way:* CPU is a little slow.  In power-saving mode, when multitasking, one application jitters for a fraction of a second while another application does its thing.  For example, when listening to streaming audio while surfing the Web, page loads cause the music player to cut out briefly.* There are some user interface quirks:** The display stays on during a call if you lay the phone face-up on a surface.** When using the on-screen keypad while in a call (for example, when going through automated phone menus), there's a "call" button but no "hangup" button.  To hangup, you have to select "Back" to get to the main call screen first.** Some applications seem to prefer the last network I used them on even if it's no longer available.  It would be nice if the phone just selected Wifi first, carrier next, and then other.** Using the GPS while downloading satellite maps over AT&T; drains the battery quickly.** The phone is definitely on the small side.  Good for slipping into pockets, not so good for watching videos, reading lots of text in web pages or trying to tap on tiny links with my fingertips.** It would be nice if the shell supported more gestures than simply swipe-left and swipe-right.  For example, on Nokias with D-pads, pressing Down brings up the address book.  On this phone, doing a swipe-down would be easier for me than trying to tap on the small address book icon.There are some other minor little usability issues but nothing I didn't get used to in short order.Now for the good: this is an amazing little phone, and more amazing when you consider how inexpensive it is.  First, the build quality is just terrific---it looks and feels solid.  It has a nice, cold, metallic, satisfying heft to it.  The battery cover slides off in a no-nonsense way, and there's nothing flimsy or plastic to worry about flexing to the point of breaking.In addition to feeling solid in the hand, the phone is actually quite sleek and elegant in appearance.  I find the pictures online to not do it justice.The display is GORGEOUS.  Colors are rich and super-bright, and it's easy to see even in bright light (though I wouldn't want to try to read lots of small text in bright sunlight).The battery charges quickly.  I can charge from 20% to 70% in the car during my 45-minute commute, and to 100% in about an hour if plugged into an AC outlet.  I keep the phone in power-save mode and don't use the GPS much, so I only have to recharge it every 2-3 days.The flash camera is good and Nokia has included some fancy image-processing tools like sepia, B&W;, enhancement, color editing, etc.  However, I don't know how it compares to other phones' 8MP cameras, so I don't know if it's anything special.Getting to the SIM and Micro SD cards is easy: pop off the battery cover and you have access to the SD card.  Remove the battery and there's the SIM card.  Done.  You can replace all three in 30 seconds.Call quality is excellent, 10 out of 10.  Speakerphone is excellent, 10 out of 10.  Sound quality on the cheapo earbuds (included) is excellent.  The speakerphone is remarkably good.  On other handsets I've used, the speakerphone might have a hollow, buzzing sound.  This phone sounds solid.  My only quibble is that the sound gets a little muffled when I lay it down face-up (the speaker is on the back).  Also, and maybe it's that AT&T; has upped their game, but lately I have been getting terrific call quality and coverage everywhere I go (Boston, DC, suburban Maryland).Apps: there is a wide variety of Symbian apps out there but still can't compare to the iPhone ecosystem.  On the other hand, this phone comes with almost everything I wanted out of the box.  I downloaded only a couple of games, Opera, YouTube downloader, a new UI shell, RPN calculator and Kayak.  Even without downloading anything, the phone is an instant on-the-go survival kit, with GPS, turn-by-turn SPOKEN navigation, maps, traffic, browser, email, weather, streaming audio player, video player, calendar, clock with multiple alarms, QuickOffice, FM radio, music player, 720p HDTV output, and, of course, it's a pentaband world phone.Maps: Ovi Maps is excellent and, like Google maps, offers map view, satellite view and "terrain view" (essentially map view at an angle, as if you're floating hundreds of feet above the map).  Also comes with GPS and turn-by-turn spoken navigation, as I said above.  Better than the "navigation" you get with Bing maps on other devices like the Pre, which basically map out your route and tell you how to get there up front.  That's great until you go astray.  This phone gives you turn-by-turn directions and live route recalculation like a real GPS navigation unit.One other thing, and I don't know if this is limited to Nokia or Symbian, but you can set an alarm and then turn the phone off.  Why not save juice at night, right?  At the selected time the phone turns on enough to play the alarm tune.  My Nokias have done this going back to 2002.  Apparently this is something my Android-toting colleagues can't do with their whiz-bang Droids and Galaxies.  Go figure.