Used to have a Pearl with numerous problems, finally had enough of it and decided to upgrade. Sprint has a deal going on right now where you get $50 for your old phone, and since I was over a year due, I got a $[...] rebate too. So my opinion may be a bit skewed as I got this phone for free. Gotta be honest I HATED Blackberry and didn't understand the attraction to the company when I had my Pearl as it was over-overwhelmingly disappointing since day 1.Well I'm happy to say that I am probably a permanent fan of the BB thanks to this phone. 1st: Thank god BB got rid of the ball, as the sensor-tracker is 100 times better. My ball would go bad, get dirty, etc. This is probably the best tracker I've seen on any phone including the iPhone. I love the BB Messenger capabilities, love the qwerty pad, love the speed of the phone. I have yet to find one flaw regarding the mechanics of this phone. Have downloaded 2 apps thus far for free--Pandora Internet Radio and Google Maps which are must haves (don't even bother using the Maps app loaded on the phone, its terrible) and both have worked like a charm.The only thing I miss is the flash for the camera, as it seems my Pearl took excellent photos compared to a lot of other phones. I haven't had great luck with this one so far, but like I said, its a very small issue compared to the other flaws that have gone away since my upgrade.Not sure how this phone works on other networks, but Sprint is EXCELLENT. I was with AT&T; for years and hated it, and I will never understand its popularity except for the fact its the only network with the never-ending praised, over-rated over-priced iPhone. Sprint may not be popular with the "hip" kids these days (but who cares) however I have nothing but good things to say about Sprint, as its coverage and its service are the best I've ever had.If I had the dough, I might saddle up for the Bold, as it seems to be just like this phone but has a couple better features like a better operating system, a higher mega-pixel camera, better speakers for music, ability for a 32G card, and might last better in the long run. But again, the going price for that is $[...], and how can I complain or compare the 2 when I got mine for free? This Curve is probably the best phone deal of my life.If you're a person who hasn't owned a Blackberry before and you're looking to get into it without breaking the bank, this IS the phone I recommend. I have friends who have BB's and like I said I've owned one previously too, and this is BY FAR the best one I've come upon for the price. These things will be unstoppable when they start supporting Flash, which will blow iPhone out of the water, so hopefully isn't too far off.You will love this phone!