First let me say that I've been using iPhone's for years and know them like the back of my hand; however, the iPhone has been getting increasingly boring as it is so restricted.  So I decided to try out the S3 and my mind has been blown!  There is a learning curve if you've never used an Android device before, to be honest the first few weeks I disliked this device, that was until I truly figured out how to use the open source formatting to the fullest potential.  In order to have the iPhone compete with the S3 in anyway you would have to jailbreak it (which voids warranty), whereas with the S3 you simple can download ROMs/Launchers from the play store.  I would highly suggest goLauncher, it allows you to customize your SMS screen, icons, docks, widgets, transition effects, you name it this launcher can customize it.  There are several other great launchers, such as NovaLauncher and ApexLauncher that completely customize the look and performance of your S3 as well.  Another great addon is to either download Swiftkey or Touchpal from the app store, both are fantastic keyboards that blow the iPhone's out of the water.  Another powerful aspect of this phone is the fantastic camera!  The flash of this camera is far brighter than the iPhone's.  Not only that but there are so many features of the camera that make it so much more functional.  For starters the front facing camera is crisp and clean, while the iphones is so pixelated and cheap looking.  There are also several features such as "smile shot" which will automatically take a picture when the person smiles.  You can also change the scene effects, for instance if you choose "night" the camera takes superb images in very low light, while the iPhone struggles to focus . I will say that the S3 in some ways does have a few flaws:1. Power button placement is on the right side, it would be far better if it were on the top like other smartphones2. S3 has no volume switch that would allow it to be set to vibrate quickly3. The back material feels like cheap plastic once removedNow lets compare that to the flaws of the iPhone:1. Small screen, which looks even smaller after viewing an S32. Can't change the theme, icons, transition effects, etc.  the iPhone is not customizable at all!3. No live wallpapers4. Kiddish app store, you will find several mature apps in the Android market5. No widgets (there are numerous clock, calendar, and statusbar widgets for Android6. Heavy and blocky feeling, while the S3 is thin and light7. You can't download jailbroken apps from the app store; however, you can download rooted apps (Android equivalent of jailbreaking) straight from the android market.  This means less malware and viruses.8. No external memory, that means if you buy a 16GB iphone you will only have 16Gb of storage, the android has removable cards that can add 34GB and even 64GB of storage for all your photos, music, and videos.  The only way to get more room on the iPhone is to delete stuff you already have.I could go on and on with the flaws of the iPhone compared to the S3!  So in conclusion the S3 decimates the iPhone, trust me when I say that! The only people that would prefer an iPhone over the S3 are the technological illiterate or simply casual users who just want to text and call.  If either are the case then just buy a prepaid phone, because for the price of the iPhone you're throwing your money away. The iPhone 5 will also fail miserably to the S3, do you know why? It's because the iPhone is about money and not making drastic changes that will satisfying the customers; for instance, they don't allow memory cards because they want you to spend more money upgrading, they don't allow rooted/jailbroken apps in their app store because they don't want you to simply download apps that can create wifi hotspots for free.  The only way you can truly believe the iPhone 5 will be the king is if you've never experience a true open source phone like the S3 or you're simply too technologically ignorant to know how to use it.  So you have the choice buy the iphone 4s or wait for the iphone 5 and the story ends, you wake up in your bed and believe whatever you want or you can buy the S3 and see how deep the rabbit hole really goes.