I received my Note II straight from AT&T; in late November 2012. I was very pleased with my phone. And then AT&T; updated the firmware. Where I was previously able to use cursive handwriting to enter text, the phone no longer recognizes my 'n's vs. 'm's. The hw recognition while as good as I've seen is still more frustrating than not. Yesterday, I finally ... in a pique of pure frustration from having written the same sentence five times threw the blasted chunk of crud into a wall. The drywall was easily fixed; the phone I plan to smash to bits to protect any data left accessible prior to funerary rites and proper recycling. I do NOT plan to purchase a replacement; nor do I plan to seek quotes on repairing the glass (phone still boots successfully) as I have come to hate the device with great passion.A minor part of my frustration with the Note II was simply the device's size: the Note II isn't quite large enough to replace a small-sized lined note pad: it lacks about an inch to an inch and a half on the diagonal. I suspect the Note 10 tablet would solve this issue; however, I have been poisoned by my previous experiences with an Asus Android Transformer 10.1in tablet and will not purchase another Android tablet for at least 5 years.The largest component of my frustration with the device is the general horror-show that is the dearth of applications for the S-Pen. The default note taking application SNote (whose name is appropriately reminiscent of  South Park's "SNuke") is largely garbage. The virtual note taking surface is broken up into pages, which are too short and not of configurable length. Adding a new page requires touching a particular spot on the screen with the S-Pen and breaks writing flow. Of course, these issues could be forgiven were a solid "pen-to-file-to-OCR" pipeline included with the application. No OCR software is included with this app, and setting up such a pipeline is not fun. A ribbon-style widget is provided, which never worked even once for me. I found no other note taking applications for the S-Pen.Adding to this frustration is the Samsung keyboard that works with the S-Pen. It's horrible; the recent update made it worse. Previously, I could communicate entirely using cursive sentences which the Note II would --with barely acceptable accuracy-- translate into text. After the update, I was unable to write a single simple sentence the device would recognize. Revising errors using the Note II's interface is an exercise in futility. Editing strokes are routinely mis-identified as symbols and are placed in seemingly random spots, making previously correct text incorrect. There is no Undo history for this process: once an error is introduced, that's it. Nor is there any sort of learning mode or learning tutor with which to actively teach the Note II the meaning of your strokes or correct its 'perception' of continuously mis-identified strokes. Thank you Samsung.No one else seems willing to make a keyboard that takes advantage of the SPen. Nuance's Text9 keyboard is unacceptable as it is stroke-based not sentence or word based.On top of that, the touch pad accuracy is --as I have come to expect from all touch devices-- dismal.Save your money. Buy a less expensive phone & wait 2 - 5 years for the next generation. The Note II simply isn't worth your time and effort as it will never be any better than it is right now. And right now, it stinks. Expect for all bugs and grievances with the device to live on safely ensconced in its lovely plastic form forever. Well... safely ensconced in phones that don't meet with sudden destructive deceleration syndrome (get thrown into walls). Heh.I do not watch video on my device. I rarely have time or inclination to play games anymore. Primarily, I work while awake, and I expect my tools to do likewise. The Note II is a toy, not a tool.I plan to switch to a Galaxy S3 or similar Android device as I own a substantial clutch of Android Apps.  I am tempted to go back to a simple phone & SMS only device, and carry a small Android with me for Email & reading.General gripes with all Android devices:I have no need for another 'toy' or 'almost-there' device. If the manufacturers would continue supporting and upgrading devices for even 5 years, they would be well-worth the purchase price as initial functionality would be the device's guaranteed low-point. However, past experiences with Samsung & Asus lead me to believe that will _never_ be the case. As such, further out than 1yr post-launch, aftermarket ROMs must be used to fix the often many remaining device issues and improve performance. Add to this the fact that manufacturer-released updates are as likely to harm your ability to use the device as they are to fix anything wrong, and perhaps you can understand my ambivalence toward what should be wonderful, fascinating, computing technology and is delivered instead as useless, frustrating, toy garbage. Wake me up when the real technology gets here and is ready for work.