This has to be the nicest cellphone I've yet seen. I don't understand the attraction of flip phones, so this tiny little gem from a consumer electronics giant is a welcome addition to a marketplace that offers the likes of Nokia 3595 (ugly!). However, I might choose another phone if given the choice.The color screen is fairly large and very readable. The sound "system" is wholly satisfying; you can hear the sweeping grandeur of a waltz. By simply posting a midi file to an ftp server, I was able to set it as my ringtone. It was quite necessary as the factory defaults are sad, incomparable to Nokia's. The menu system is clean and easy to learn. You may be surprised at first at the tiny buttons, but you'll easily get used to them and won't have trouble with wrong keypresses except for the joystick button.Games included on the phone are alright and you may decide to keep a few. The quality of the camera is good for the phone, but don't epect more. Samsung probably has a better alternative there.So far, so good.A few serious defects mar an otherwise excellent product, however. Most importantly, the maximum sound level is teeny in your average environment. Unless you spend your day at home, you'll prolly miss calls. The vibration is inadequate prolly due to the tiny size of the phone, and even in an empty pocket will only slightly alert you to an incoming call or alarm -- and I mean slightly  The phone won't even vibrate when you receive a message, for which you can't set your own ringtone. The alarm sound level is audible only when you hold the phone up, a strange decision by the phone designers. These notification problems make it almost useless to find a good ringtone (cuz others can't hear it), and will most likely make you miss calls. On this alone you should prolly avoid the phone.Also, I conditioned the battery but it runs for only one or two days with minimal usage. I've to see if I can convince Sony or AT&T; Wireless (tough luck as it took them 18 days to send me my phone). The signal is great and has much improved since August 2003 and my brother has had great experience with AWE in Philly while I've greatly surprised by the service in NYC. Customer service lags, tho.I don't know if this is a real problem, but the phone rarely shows even one out of five bars in signal strength. A Nokia 6800 (frustrating user interface) shows great signals in the same locations at the same time. If you hold your hand across the top of the phone, it'll usually show two bars...I haven't had real trouble with any noise during calls or making calls, however.Another thing the phone misses is a real alarm system. You can only set one one-time  and one recurrent alarm. You can set one-time event notifications in the calendar, but this is wholly insufficient with a phone that can run Java games.  Voice control is hard to configure, while it's all too easy to move the joystick in the wrong direction while at standby mode and get connected to the internet. Over time this will cost money.All in all, this is a great looking phone with great musical abilities that are undermined by poor sound levels, few alarm possibilities and possibly low battery life, which I'm not yet sure about.