This is not an I-phone! If you have realistic expectations, this phone is great.Sound is clear in my location, but my son has same phone within the same zip code and has reception issues within his all-metal mobile home (it may be the metal, or some unknown radio wave interference- don't know). Speaker is loud and clear. Volume can actually be set too loud, so this is a good phone for us old folks who have trouble hearing our phones. Display is bright (adjustable) and font size customizable.Included ringtones are pretty good, I feel no need to download new ones. USB cable would have to be purchased separately, as would extra memory card if you want to use internet extensively. . Display backgrounds are also nice, or you can display your own photos. Included games are lame, but if you want games they are a download away.Price was my main criterion. My 450 minute/month Verizon contract cost me $50-$60 a month, texts 20 cents each. I expect to cut that bill in half with triple minutes.I use a phone to make calls, mostly, but this is a very user-friendly phone for texting.Texts cost one half minute each, a bargain. Haven't tried texting photos yet, they might be more. (?) Text can be entered on phone keyboard, QWERTY keyboard, or handwriting. I have not found a way to set preference for this feature; it seems that mode choice must be made each time you use it. Keyboards and dialpads are electronically generated; there is no physical keyboard, which leaves plenty of room for display.The menu is fairly intuitive and easy to navigate. Touch sensitivity can be calibrated- you don't have to adjust to the phone, it will adjust to you. How cool is that? I have found it necessary to be careful to hold 'end' button down firmly to end phone calls.My favorite feature is the automatic lock, which can be set from 10 to 60 seconds, or off if you want. Phone can be answered in lock mode, but it prevents accidental browsing, redials, etc. This also shuts down display, which saves battery. The battery lasts forever. I charge for 10 minutes once or twice a week, having used 600 minutes in a month.You can assign different ringtones to your contacts, as well as assign their photo to incoming calls. This is a common feature, but not found on some inexpensive phones.Photos are decent quality, but again, get the USB cable (inexpensive on Amazon) if you want to save them to computer. The phone also does video with audio. I haven't used this much, but it seems you can call this feature up quickly to capture the moment.Alarm works well. Still trying to figure out the calendar, which is a little laborious to use- maybe it's me.Your remaining minutes and days are displayed continuously. You can set up an account to buy more minutes from the phone, which must be done before you run out, for some reason.Manual is a bit brief, but online help is available, and Tracfone provides an interactive tutorial if you need it. Setting up the phone was easy and fast with Tracfone.Phone is a bit slippery, so I also purchased Wireless Central Gel Case, which fits perfectly and adds protection and grip. To protect the screen, I got Skinomi screen protector, which was more expensive than others but far superior. - see my review on these.