Many users have compared this phone to HTC's flagship, the HTC One, and for good reason. In a lot of ways, the phones are very similar. Quad-core beast CPUs, 2 gigs of memory, and beautiful 1080 displays. The differences lie in software, camera, build, and screen size/speakers.Software - This is a toss up between which type of Android "skin" you prefer. I flash custom roms, or at the very least custom launchers, so I choose the S4 because of the air gesture features, IR blaster, and camera software. I use NOVA Launcher Prime and it lets me change the phone however I want, and root helped remove the bloat on either phones.Camera - Lots have been discussed on the differences here. HTC uses an Ultra pixel sensor to allow for greater low light quality, and they do win here. The S4 beats it in overall quality and pixel count, allowing for amazingly clear pictures in good light settings. This will come down to how you take pictures. If you're a party animal and social butterfly, the HTC low light will be good for bars, clubs, and restaurants. If you are more into using the camera as a replacement for more expensive rigs (understanding the limits) then the S4 will be your best bet. For me, I'm a mix, and I like the built in capabilities of the S4 camera and pixel count for cropping.Build - HTC One wins, hands down. All aluminum body is gorgeous, feels cool and good against the skin, and it feels solid. The S4 uses a plastic body. The phone doesn't feel flimsy, but it does feel plasticy and this will bother some coming from the aluminum builds of HTC or Apple. I have one major caveat... cases. I put all of my gear in cases, especially phones, and so the lighter weight of the S4, mixed with a solid case, means I keep weight down, and didn't make a decision on build materials when in fact it wouldn't matter to me when I shove my phone in an Otterbox case. Also, build materials does not necessarily equal build quality.Screen/Speakers - The HTC One has higher pixel density, as it is a 1080 display shoved in a 4.7 inch screen, versus the same resolution on a 5 inch display in the S4. Either way, this is way beyond "retina" and will look absolutely phenomenal. The colors on the S4 are more vibrant and saturated, the HTC a little more real to life and muted, with great blacks and contrast. This is all personal preference. I like my phones to pop a bit, since I have my monitor at home set to very real and contrasty settings for photography and video editing and gaming, so a nice bright, colorful phone is a nice change of pace. Again, this is personal preference.  Speakers... HTC wins. No contest. The speakers are huge and front facing. While Beats audio is a huge scam and all it really means is that you have a bass-heavy equilizer setting, in this case the speakers on their own make up for it. I use a DSP pack on my S4 to allow for granular customization of my sound profiles on the S4, and I have zero desire for anything Beats, but I do wish I had a nice big front-facing speaker.So it comes down to preferences, as both phones are solid. I went with a white S4, and I absolutely love it.