I recently bought a BLU Life View through Amazon.com and have used it for about one week.  So far, the phone works great and it is fast enough for the things cell phones were originally made for, i.e. make and receive phone calls, send and receive text messages, etc.  I have not used it to watch movies yet, but I don't see why it would not work great for watching movies, too. The colors are vibrant and the battery life is good, so far.  I like everything about this phone thus far and I hope it will keep working great.  The main reason I did not give it a `5 Star' rating is due to the sound quality, which is relatively poor.  Sometimes it is difficult to hold conversation over the phone due to the poor sound quality. I have tried some software products to boost the sound, but none of them work. Also, the size of the phone is a little bit too big, but I can live with it.  The price is not bad though, given the fact that it is an unlocked phone.  Have you tried to buy a Samsung unlocked phone of comparable size and capabilities? I have not tried playing video games on the phone, if I want to play a video game I will play it on a video game console connected to a big screen TV and surround sound so that I can really enjoy it.I will update my review after I have used the phone for several months.Update - 2/5/2014:I used the phone for about two weeks and it stopped working; the phone just went dead. When I arrived at home from work the day it stopped working, I plugged the phone into several electric outlets to see if it will turn on, but it never did. I contacted the manufacturer, bluproducts for help. Blueproducts sent some instructions to me via email.  I followed the instructions, but the phone never turned on - no lights, nothing at all. I returned the phone to the seller, L2D2.  I believe that the seller fixed whatever the problem was. However, instead of the seller telling me that it fixed the problem, the seller told me that the phone was working when I returned it. Well, I know for certain that the phone was not working when I returned it,otherwise I would not have returned it to the seller because I really like the phone as I stated in my initial review. Now, the seller wants to return the phone back to me or charge me 30% restocking fee. The problem is, since I know that the phone was definitely not working when I returned it to L2D2, that leads me to believe that L2D2 fixed the phone and the problem is most likely to arise again. I know one thing for sure, I or any other person else should not be charged a restocking fee for returning a defective product.  If Amazon lets this happen then Amazon is implying that sellers can sell defective products to buyers and when a buyer returns a defect product the seller can make a lot of money by charging restocking fee to the unsuspecting buyer.