The light, compact MetroPCS LG Optimus F3 delivers fast 4G LTE data speeds at a good price, as low as $99 at the MetroPcs website. In May, Metro released the new LG Optimus L70, similar to the LG F3, for just $49.Weak points:  Limited memory for apps. In order to download new apps you must buy a micro SD card, and move large apps to the card, and you must delete or disable the apps you don't use before installing new apps.Wi-Fi connections can be flaky. Half a web page will download and then the Wi-Fi connection cuts off. However, even with the flaky wi-fi connection, streaming music, such as Pandora or Spotify, works well much of the time.Strong points:  Very good call quality.  When I am in a strong signal area, voices are clear and natural.  And, my text messages are delivered promptly.  An LED light under the home button blinks to remind me if I forget to answer a text.The F3 is a LOCKED phone for MetroPCS prepaid customers. After 90 consecutive days of paid service, MetroPcs will provide the unlock code if you want to switch to another GSM provider such as AT&T.;The LG F3 weighs a very light 4 ounces with a very nice four inch screen.  It fits easily in one hand, being similar in size and weight to the Apple Iphone 5c.The F3 at MetroPCS is locked to MetroPcs. You should enter your address in the coverage map at the MetroPCS website to zoom in and verify the coverage in your neighborhood BEFORE buying a MetroPCS phone. MetroPCS 4G monthly plans with unlimited phone calls and unlimited texts begin at $40 per month including ALL fees and taxes. Your bill is $40 PERIOD.The LG F3 has a dual core processor that provides enough speed for most applications but not enough for the most demanding games. The camera provides good pictures in bright sunlight and but only mediocre pictures indoors or in poor light. The videos are only adequate, not great.The front speaker sounds good in a quiet room but is not loud enough for a noisy environment. Turning on the noise cancellation feature improves the clarity of calls. The rear speaker works well as a speaker phone but is not designed for loud music.Only a tiny 1gb of internal memory is available for installing apps, which rules out installing mega-size games. You can add up to a 32gb memory card for music, videos and photos. Some apps, not all, can be moved to the external SD card.You can free up a lot of memory by going to each app you do not use and uninstalling their updates, unselecting notifications, then selecting delete or disable.Apps most people can remove include Google+ , Google Books, Google Magazines, Google Movies, Google Music, and the Chrome browser. Be sure to uninstall all updates before disabling an app to free more memory.The F3 is small and light but it has a massive battery that will enable many folks to get 24 hours per charge. However, just one hour of streaming Netflix videos over 4G uses 20% of your battery as will using GPS navigation. Wi-Fi connections can be a problem with some routers. I have to reset my home router several times a day to keep the F3 connected. Oddly, wifi is quite reliable with streaming music, but flaky with most websites.Cases for the Sprint/Virgin Mobile LG F3 have curved upper corners while cases for the T-Mobile/MetroPCS MS659 version have square upper corners. Search Amazon for "case MS659 only" or "case T-Mobile only".Most T-Mobile stores sell the terrific Body Glove Dimensions case.A invaluable feature of the MetroPCS version of the LG F3 is wifi calling that enables you to place free phone calls over any wifi connection in the world.Note:  The newer LG Optimus L70 has a larger screen than the F3 and a much more reliable wi-fi connection.  The L70 sells for $49 on the MetroPcs website.