My experience with this Palm Pixi has been rather positive after a year now. Viewing its features and its failures through the lense of its very low price, I give it five stars.  If it cost 10 times as much as many smart phones do, my affection would be more limited.  It is not without problems, but they are manageable. I feel I got more than I paid for.  I like how small it is, and it's easy to hold; I've never dropped it.  It looks good. Feels well made too.The WiFi feature works well for me, since both my home and workplace have WiFi. Thus I rarely need to use over-the-air data. Getting email on the Pixi is therefore convenient almost anytime for essentially free.The telephone app works well enough when I don't accidentally dial a number when simply attempting to view those calls I've missed. No one complains about the audio quality they hear, nor would I.  With monthly service plans of as low as 2.50/mo. or 12.00/mo. at Kitty Wireless/Page Plus, this smart phone is even more affordable.  Incredibly affordable for as low as $30/year! I imagine this phone would serve well for limited purposes for kids who didn't text very much.Watching YouTube videos on the Pixi is very easy.  The Pixi's little speaker inside is loud enough to be clearly heard. Thus the Pixi is even useful for playing music with apps such as Pandora or "Slacker Radio" or "TuneIn by Radio Time" or "Internet Radio." The Pixi earphones are also pleasant sounding even if not very comfortable; maybe you need bigger earlobes?I like the GPS apps too such as Mapping Tool (Pro) which allows saving aerial photo base maps to the Pixi's memory and from then on not needing WiFi or over-the-air access to locate the position and drawing a track during travels. These other apps are fine too:  BFG Maps, Trip Advisor and "Where's My Car."  On the other hand I hate the HP Maps/Bing app that requires downloading and reinstallation every time; what was HP thinking when it dumped this poor excuse for a map app on us? Well, even Apple's iPhone 5 has a bad gps mapping problem. Fortunately we have other partial choices if we don't want to download the native mapping app that HP switched us to. For most travels, I still use my Tom Tom GPS.My only problem with Angry Birds Lite is that it is somewhat addicting. But there are times a few minutes with it are delightful.I've had to replace two Touchstone-adapter backs due to delamination problems that are annoying and can't easily be remedied by any glue I tried. But that's a small price to pay since replacement back covers are affordable.  The Touchstone wireless chargers are very cool, instant and easy to use.  I bought more than one so they're convenient and I never run out of power each day.Yes, the Pixi is slow. And it needs to be turned off and back on every few days to prevent it from complaining that there are too many apps open at once, even when only one is open. That's easy enough to do though.  And the keyboard is a delight for something so small.  So, one year later and I'm still happy with this phone.