I got this phone a couple weeks after it came out. The camera is great, and was the best at release, which is what really drew me in to this product. HTC has since caught up and Nokia has blown by the competition once again with the Lumia 1020, but the camera on the 920 is still really solid and performs better than any Galaxy or iPhone (I've tested it myself, but there are plenty of comparisons around the internet).Now I feel it necessary to say I've been pretty firmly ingrained in Microsoft's ecosystem for some time, even before I got this phone, so switching from my buggy Samsung wasn't hard at all for me. I use Outlook, Skydrive, Xbox, Skype... you name the Microsoft product and I probably already used it. Still, the mail app works well with any domain (I've got a couple Gmail accounts synced to me phone, too) and if you don't already use SkyDrive, making the switch is as easy as copy and pasting from Dropbox.There are only a few "must have" apps still missing from the Windows Phone marketplace, but if the missing service is sufficiently popular there will almost always be a third party alternative to an official app (like with Instagram) so from my point of view the Windows Phone marketplace is just fine. I never try to find an app and come up empty handed, is what I'm saying. I'm sure there are some rare and specific apps that are missing and you absolutely MUST buy an iPhone, but for a casual user Windows Phone should be just fine.And even if there is something missing from Windows Phone that you'll miss (I admit there were a couple Android apps I was sorry to leave behind), there are so many great features built into the OS that make it by far my favorite. The People Hub is a great way to sort out contacts and make your social feeds more accessible, and you can make it so Facebook messages feed into the texting app, making conversations with your friends a bit more streamlined (and allowing you to easily converse over wifi). There are lots of other cool Windows Phone exclusive features that are worth checking out, but, you know, you have Google (or Bing, I guess). The fact that it never ever crashes is also great, though I hear since I ditched Android it's become more stable.I mentioned the camera earlier, but that's not the only great thing about the hardware. The screen is fantastic. It doesn't have the highest resolution ever, but it's still plenty HD and at normal viewing distances it looks perfect. It can be read in bright sunlight, with or without sunglasses. Super sensitive touch means you can use it with gloves, which would be great if I didn't live in Texas, I'm sure. Nokia's build quality is famous, and this phone is no exception. I've dropped it on concrete several times now, and nothing beyond a dent on the corner has marred my phone. I'd say it's invincible, but I imagine if you dropped it face first it might still shatter. It feels great in the hand thanks to the pleasant glossy material (it kind of sticks to my hands, which makes it slip resistant and also kind of icky, so you may want to get a black or blue one, because they have a different finish) and the curved screen is just really nice aesthetically and in terms of touch.In the end, if you're new to the smartphone scape, I wholeheartedly suggest getting a Windows Phone (preferably a Nokia). If you currently use another phone OS (iPhone, Android, Blackberry etc.) then you should give Windows Phone a careful look. It offers many things that other operating systems don't, and the only hardware manufacturer that gives Nokia a run for its money is HTC.I'm glad I made the switch.