This is what I had -Carrier was Sprint for 4 years.  Had the HTC 4G....the very first model that came out in 2010.  It had a big screen, fully charged would last 5 hours on standby (with no useage) and lasted 1 hour using GPS or watching a movie on the Sprint network.  I bought a new battery and got the same results so the battery useage on this phone was awful...plus I was paying Sprint $79.99/mth for 4G which I didn't get in my area and probably 2% OR LESS anywhere else.  Waste of money with Sprint.So my contract came up in September 2012.  I called Sprint and asked if they could lower my monthly payment or do me a deal and they said no!  So, here I am with Virgin Mobile and the HTC One V.  Awesome!Virgin Mobile - uses the same towers as Sprint!  Infact, when I called Sprint to cancel my plan with them, they thanked me for going to Virgin Mobile and staying within their network.  I ordered my phone online at Virginmobile.com and it arrived in 4 days.  Sweet!  NOTE : if you want to transfer your old number to this new phone you need to keep your current provider active, do not cancel until this new phone is activated and Virgin Mobile have transported your cell number over.  When I got my phone I could not transfer my cell number on the Virgin Mobile website, not sure why, the website told me to contact their customer services so I did.  A rep walked me through the process and told me that my cell number with Sprint would be transferred to this phone within 2 hours.  The rep was great, very knowledgable.  Sure enough after 2hrs 15 minutes my new phone was working and my old cell number was on it or in it? LOL  I had signed up for the $35/mth plan - automatically debits my account and I get 300 minutes/month and unlimted text and data (web, email).  You get access to the full android network so there's thousands of free apps and Virgins own program on the phone gives you free streaming music!  You can check on your phone how many minutes or data you have used or you can go to their website an log on - that's awesome!Now the phone - HTC One V -  It's slim, built in battery so you can not use a spare!  touch screen is very responsive.  The screens and options to customize are great.  It's much easier in the pocket and carrying around than the HTC 4G or any of the other 'brick' sized phones out there.  The screen is just big enough to watch youtube and view facebook etc.  It's only 3G which is fine with me, atleast you're not paying for something you can hardly get.  It runs off my wi-fi at home or any other free wi-fi it picks up on (saves on battery).  I have used the GPS and its worked great!  You get Google Maps/Nav and you get the Sprint Nav.  I prefer Google.  Battery drainage has been fantastic!  48 hours with minimal use (couple of 10 minute calls, texting, facebook, check emails etc)....48 hours is awesome!  I have read about complaints that when charging it will not charge over 78% or some other percentage. That happened to me but it's fixed now. You charge the phone while it's switched off!  Only for the first few times.  Let the phone run down to about 20%, then switch off, charge and wait for the green light.  Voila!  If I charge while it's on it still sometimes stuck around the 70 or 80% but when I unplug the charger and put it back in - it says 100%.  So it is and will charge all the way.  No big problem.  But if you want to charge while it's off it should show the green light when it's done and when you switch it on it'll show 100%.I have downloaded 2 battery and app killer apps.  'easy task killer' it's called.  Excellent app.  Kills unwanted apps and reduces battery useage.  This app will show you the percentage of battery charge left and were all the charge as been used, it breaks it down for you  EG  15% on standby, 15% on calls, 5% web, 65% charge remaining.  Cool!  You can also customize the settings so for example it will not 'refresh' emails, facebook notifications, etc etc... and this will also save battery juice!  So if your battery is low and your out somewhere you can atleast change the settings to preserve your battery until you can next charge it up.So from $79.99/mth (450 min and unlimited data) to $37/mth ($35 plus taxes) (300 min and unlimited data) and I now have a more reliable phone and an extra $40/mth in my pocket .  Christmas come early!  Oh yer.... and no contract too!Enjoy!