I got this phone a few months ago and have had almost nothing but trouble with it.First of all, there are too many keys and functions all crammed tightly together in way too small of a device. One gremlin showed up soon after I got it. I carry the phone in my jeans pocket. It rings and I reach down and take it out of my pocket, put it up to my ear, and before I even say "Hello," someone is saying that to me: "Hello?" "Hello?" It happens all of the time. What's happening is, the key that you push to answer the phone has already been pushed while the phone is still in my pocket, and the caller is already on the line. It gets pushed somewhere in the process of reaching down into my pocket, taking the phone into my hand, and taking it out of my pocket to answer it. This is VERY annoying.The second negative issue I've had is with the keypad lock function. When I first got the phone and was getting used to the keypad, if I was looking down at a phone number and entering it, if I waited longer than 2 or 3 seconds to push the next key down, the automatic keypad lock had turned on right in the middle of entering a phone number. So I had to push the menu key twice, then push the tiny "joy stick" key to get it unlocked, and then resume dialing. Again, VERY annoying. So I turned off the locking function. But then I started hearing electronic tones of keys being pressed while the phone was in my pocket, so I had to turn the keypad lock function back on. But some time later, something happened, and it went from 2 or 3 seconds to lock up, to a full 30 seconds before it will lock again. So now, when I finish a call, I have to wait 30 seconds before I put the phone back in my pocket or else keys will be punched and entered into the phone again during the first 30 seconds that it's in my pocket. I HATE THIS PHONE!Also, the volume control lever/button is not in a good place. It happens to be right where I grip the side of the phone. So sometimes I'm having trouble hearing someone during a call and I quickly check the volume and find that it has gone down to 2 or 3, simply because of where I'm gripping the side of the phone.Again -- too many keys and functions too close together means all kinds of "opportunities" for things to go wrong. The pull-out QWERTY keyboard has keys so tiny, it takes me forever to punch each one to send a text message, to keep from constantly straddling keys. Changing over from the special function keys to regular keys, and vice versa, is a real drag, too.I very much regret getting this phone and wish I had my old one back now; it was so simple to use. But I wanted to start texting and was told that I couldn't do it on that phone.This Gravity Text phone is too small for my big hands, but the larger phones are way out of my price range. Looks like I'm stuck with it.