...:::HARDWARE:::...Pro:1. Very sturdy and robust build. Dropped 2x on hard floors and still unscathed.2. Feels natural in the palm of my hand.3. Gorilla glass is tough and scratch resistant enough that you do not need any screen protector.4. Anodized aluminum body casing resists normal wear and tear and can withstand heat. No need to purchase a protective case.5. 12MP Camera hands-down is the best camera phone in the world right now. Beautiful, crisp, and full of details can be taken with various built-in scene-mode such as landscape, night mode, sport, up-close, and even Panorama...)Cons:1. Home button is located all the way at the bottom left corner of the device. I dropped my phone for the first time when I tried to hold my phone (left hand) and pressed the button one-handed.2. Battery is non-removable. But you can still unscrew the two allen screws on the side of the phone if you ever need to replace the battery. However, according to Nokia, doing so by yourself will void their warranty....:::SOFTWARE:::...Here I want to point out that the version that comes with this phone out of the box is Symbian^3. Whereas, the latest update out there as of 2/11/2012 is Symbian Belle. If you haven't updated to Belle already, I recommend doing so ASAP because this is a HUGE software improvement over Symbian^3 where Nokia branded phones were mostly being complained at.From here on out... my review is based on Belle.First off, Belle is BEAUTIFUL! Putting Belle side by side with an Android and iOS device and Belle stands out clearly in terms of color vibrant and icons sorting styles.:Responsiveness:Belle is VERY fast as compared to her sister Anna and Symbian^3. Kinetic scrolling has been improved where scrolling feels a lot more natural and fluid.:Drop/Pull down bar:Swiping the phone from top edge down will pull down the notifications bar with 4 most used buttons: Mobile Data On/Off, Wi-fi On/Off, Bluetooth On/Off, and Silent Mode. Below are your miss call event notifications, active apps, and current data usage. Just like Android's drop down bar, but looks a lot neater and easier to the eye.:Widgets:This is the sweet spot of Symbian OS.Email, Maps Location (ver 3.09), and Facebook (ver 1.5) widgets are speechlessly beautiful. Update constantly right on the home screen. So useful to glance at them for a quick moment without the need to open up the app itself.:Battery:Lasted me the whole day from 7:30 AM to 10:30 PM in a single charge, with heavy usage of music playing (aux connection with my car speaker while driving). Medium usage of browsing Facebook and Nokia Store during my lunch/break time at school and at work. My brightness setting is set to Medium-High. Yet the phone survived the entire day without even hitting the 10% mark at night.:GPS/Navigation/Driving Experience:How do you Call + GPS + Music almost at the same time while driving? If you haven't done so already, download Nokia Carmode from the Nokia Store. Under this mode, EVERYTHING is simplified into 3 most used functions while driving: Call + GPS + Music. 3 huge buttons are on the screen for easy one tap accessing to reduce distraction to the driver.:Social Apps:The new updated Facebook version (1.5) now comes with Notification. A huge improvement from previous version that came with Anna. The self-updating/self-rotating home screen widget is now improved with a larger display and crisper looking. This large display takes half of a home screen now display 10 top recent news feed from Facebook with the scrolling capability for the user to view at their will. The bottom, right after the 10th news feed would now be the Refresh button.Version 1.5 did not come together with Belle update. You have to manually search for "Social Networking Client" in the Nokia Store and download it to update yourself.With Belle, i am now very proud of my N8. No longer afraid to show it off in front of my Android friends. Nokia has won my trust back.