I bought this phone before the November "Black Friday" period since my 'ol faithful Palm Treo 680 was slowly failing me. As usual Amazon speedily ships my stuff in what is described as kinda simple basic packaging.This phone is what some consider a camera with a phone and it shows, fast AF, Xenon flash, 12 MP, 720p video- it's a pretty good/great phone-camera. The phone build is excellent, a 3 piece aluminum case with Gorilla Glass it feels heavy and solid. The specs isn't so much spectacular though in a market with 1Ghz 512MB models this is a bit sub spec or should I say mid spec but the Symbian^3 OS handles much with less CPU cycles and it's up to the task.The phone does lag in between but it's not frustrating, though one morning it completely froze on me and I had to restore it to factory defaults. Also had a phone call issue with it, callers would say that they hear a reverb on their end even when I have full bar signal strength and I was hearing them clearly. Amazon took care of that and re-issued me a replacement phone in one day flat!!! I still experience some call failures, but I decided to keep it I still have a full one year Nokia warranty so they can take care of it if needed. There are a lot of apps at the Ovi Store, enough to keep a guy happy since there is a lot of stuff pre installed on the phone when shipped. The built in maps are decent, you an also install maps from other countries if you decide to make a visit it's already there on your phone, spoken directions is nice and all free.HDMI out, USB on the go are some of the features that make this kick ass and it has built in FM receiver and FM transceiver, a lot of stuff under the hood. Geo tagging as well for taking a snapshot via camera and tagging it onto your maps is handy.The battery is excellent, since Symbian^3 is designed for lower CPUs it has great battery life compared to the Androids and iPhones. I work at a hospital and all my co-workers have Androids every single one and by half day they have to recharge the battery, not I. I don't have issues with my WIFI nor with my online widgets, they all work well RSS feeds, email no issues. Productivity is decent everything you need is pre installed on the phone- Quick Office, Adobe reader a highly customizable calendar.Closing off this review I would say that this phone is an excellent phone, I wished though that they would continue to support Symbian or at least release some polished updates as we now know that they are slowly closing the door on it. It has some quirks that I don't like in the UI too many steps to enter passwords while browsing the web etc.An update: I connected the phone to the Nokia PC Suite (2-13-2012)software to sync contacts etc, and got a recommendation from Nokia to update the phone's software to Symbian Belle. I went through the procedures, back up my phone etc and it began to install the Belle and then the PC Suite reported that it lost connection to the phone!!! The screen was completely blank and would not respond, holding down the power button did vibe the phone but it would not turn on.I really really wanted to use this phone but after all this I just lost confidence in buying/replacing it with another N8