I might have chosen another, but it was my upgrade time with T-Mobile, and got the Comet for next to nothing. Prior to this phone, I tried to make BlackBerry-land make sense, first with the Pearl, then with the flip 8220. I took the plunge and went for a totally new experience. First off, (and I have to be honest), there IS one non-insurmountable negative feature, namely the keyboard being small and hard to tap the right character. Luckily, the Comet has the "landscape" option, which nearly doubles the size of the keyboard, but it is still on the small side. And that "Swype" method of input nearly drove me over the edge while trying to learn it. For a user to type quickly and correctly, he/she must have the layout memorized, and use a swiping method to spell the words, change case, use alt characters and wind up with a legible message. I choose to use the Android keyboard, in spite of its size. But it lets you save each word to build a dictionary which makes each additional message/email much faster, with practice.Slightly bothersome is the camera, but I didn't buy this phone to be a camera, so as long as I know its limitations (no flash, but 4 choices of alternate lighting conditions) I can live with it.PRO'S: the sides have a non-slip, rubbery type of material which makes it easier to hold. It comes with a ton of apps, plus there are literally thousands of apps available on the Android network, There's no complicated download scenario; you just push an "install" button and go your merry way. Multiple simultaneous downloads work quietly in the background and when installed, you get a notification. Be careful when exploring new apps, as many of them are not free, but if you find one you love, the majority of prices run from .99 to $2.99. There are some that are quite expensive, but you don't get tricked into buying something that causes you to take a second mortgage on your home. One of my favorites is the Scanner Radio which lets you listen to multiple events: airline control tower, police, and several more. Also, the Comet can be configured to talk, so you don't need to read emails, messages, notes, etc. Just kick back and a very nice lady reads the info to you. There is so much more to the comet: GPS (fast and accurate and free), many music players that let you upload and download songs (mostly from other users collections, but not far removed from the pay for everything download demons).I think I've made my point, and DO recommend the Comet for a first Android phone. I hope you will download and print the 65-page PDF user manual. It takes you step by step from beginning to end, so by the time you are done you will have a sound understanding of the phone. And then, guess what? The manual covers only the beefy basics, and further exploration will yield many more features and gadgets. It's a fun phone that you can actually use as a portable game-base. And it's a sophisticated work-horse that meshes beautifully with your PC and network.