I have just upgraded from an older Motorola RAZR v3 to this.It accepted the SIM card from my AT&T; account, and seems to be working fine.This phone is taking some time to get used to. I'm not sure if I will use all the social networking stuff, but the map was a big selling feature for me. Again, I don't know how to use it just yet. I can turn it on, and that's about it.The phone feels solid, and it is small. This isn't like the big dumb looking iPhone. This phone fits in the same case that I used with my RAZR v3.The micro USB port is ...different. I can't tell if they expect me to use the special Nokia connector or if I can safely use the standard micro USB plugs. I would have liked this phone much more if it had come with the standard mini USB port, though.Feel free to ask me questions on this. I plan to update this post as I experience better or worse thoughts.[[UPDATE 28 February 2013]]I don't talk much, so my battery life is typically longer than most.I noticed my "standby" time was only being limited to 3 or 4 days, and that was mostly because the screen always displayed the time (even though I keep it in a phone pouch where I can't see it).Once when the battery got very low, I was asked if I wanted to put the phone into a Low Power state. I selected YES and now the clock no longer shows all the time on the display. This has increased my battery life, too! I only have to plug in the phone every 7 to 10 days. Each time I plug it in, though, I am asked if I want to turn Low Power OFF. I always select NO - because I don't know any other way to access this feature on the phone!I do not have a data plan. It is $0.20 per text I send or receive, but I don't like to text so I don't care. I have only SENT 2 only RECEIVED 2 Texts.I have a wireless router in my home, and I am able to check Facebook or my email from my phone using that wireless connection. I don't like the tiny QWERTY keyboard, so I go to my PC when I want to reply.All said, I think I prefer my old RAZR v3 flip phone. I liked the physical buttons! When you are checking voice mail and it says "press 7 to delete", you look at the screen and there are no buttons! You must navigate there. If you want to call your credit card people - easy, right? 1-800-DISCOVER. Only the onscreen buttons don't always include "ABC" with the "2" key, etc.I had thought about selling mine here for $150 with the case, gel cover, original box, manual, etc (HINT-HINT). However, it seems Amazon has a special contract, as there is no option for me to sell mine on here.