I have had this baby for 14days now and I am loving it. I had the nexus s and like it alot but this improves upon that. Lets talk about the Pros and Cons. Yes they are cons but you can judge how much they matter.**Cons:1.The back plate/panel that lets you access the battery is cheap. Dirt cheap. I hate it! Its too flimsy...but at least its flexible enough not to break. The nexus s back plate was stronger even though it too is plastic.2.The engine that guesses the words your trying to type and displays the options doesn't seem to "learn" as fast as the version on Ginger bread. Go figure. By this time my nexus s was a literal robot churning out those words seemingly before i could think em. This fellow is taking its time. Its improving but the difference is noticeable. I mean i type along quite nicely but i got accustom to just clicking a few letters and selecting the majically presented words before me.3.I have seen one instance when the OS seem to stutter as if it forgot what it was doing then..remembered and moved on. As i said.. thats more the OS than the device but never the less is part of this baby so it gets chewed . It wasn't anything intensive just a simple scoll when it happened. Will have to see if that reoccurs. The nexus s did it too but it was never often enough to be annoying.**Pros:1. Heavenly display. Good grief. I was a little annoyed that the phone was larger than i expected even though i had all the measurements... when i saw it i'm thinking this is a big b*tch. But when that baby came on and showed its assets... Hell i'm thinking the bigger the better. Its awesome. crisps colors, sharp images, heck even the boring photos taken with the old sony P1i looks good.Videos... well need i say more. of course its awesome watching them on this thing. This thing might actually get you laid. Reading from this thing is like the experience you get with an ipad.[yes i referenced the ipad here cause i'm not a snotty one sided technology whore. -->The ipad has great reading desirability(hmm.. weird sentence). Now i imagine the kindle has stepped up with the kindle fire but i haven't used it yet...so couldn't say]2.Beautifully crafted OS. The layout is nice and friendly with even a few developer options available for the mischievous folks who don't know what the heck their doing but want to do it anyway. Even a cool function that lets you pile icons on top of each other and automatically creates a group/transparent folder that you can name. So all my geeky stuff is lumped together  and i have a social network one bla blah.3.Fast camera. I mean fast..none of that long adjusting crap the blackberry torch does...geeze. Great front camera for video IM.4.Performance wise...generally all round its a winner. The apps launch seemless and browsing it just a pleasure.Trust me you won't be disapointed. 9 blackberry users have converted since touching my phone. 9. Think about the power this baby must hold. I just need to find some iphone users now....