I've been with Tracfone for several years now, always using a new phone model when an older model dies, which seems to be 10-16 months.  This LG 420G has been my favorite so far in terms of aesthetics, use and function.  It's a basic phone with web access and camera, although I use neither.  Unlike the photo depicted here, mine is nearly all black.The nice thing about the LG420G is that for under $20 you get a carrying case and a car charger with this (along with the standard wall charger).  You also get "Double Minutes for Life," a benefit that for older models has been an extra charge.  The carrying case is a clip-on vinyl case that is attached to the belt loop.  One has to use careful force to turn the swivel from a vertical position to a horizontal position.  The fasterner is a flimsy magnet.  Twice now I've lost the phone while sitting down.  Luckily both times I found the phone stuck deep in the couch.  I now wear a brown hair band around the case to keep the handle from popping open and to provide added security.The phone itself is well-made.  I recently left it in my jeans pocket and it was submerged for about five minutes in hot water during a wash cycle.  When I realized the phone was in water, I immediately fished for it in the barrel, dried it out, removed the battery and placed it in indirect light.  A few hours later it was working again with no signs of water damage.  Whew! My Sprint phones were never this good.Activation is easy and fast.  I prefer to do mine over their website.One nice feature is having a voice recorder on this phone.  It's not high quality but it's great for leaving myself notes.  There's also the standard stop watch, calendar, quick dial settings, an alarm clock, notepad, "secret notes," calculator, world clock, stop watch.My one complaint about Tracfone is that whenever you buy a new phone and want to transfer your number, you have to call their customer service number and talk to some Indian guy with a heavy accent.  The last one who worked with me on transfering the number was downright rude.  It also took me three days to get my number activated from another phone that had died on me.  (On a previous number transfer it only took me a day.) Luckily I was able to get by with my other phone that I keep handy for these emergencies.I could have transferred my number on-line via the Tracfone website but the last two times I tried that I noticed that not all my minutes were going to transfer over.  I didn't want to lose 500+ minutes so I had to endure that rude guy from India.  Hopefully this phone will last me a year so that I don't have to keep calling India whenever a phone dies.  This long ordeal is my one complaint about Tracfone.Other than customer support being questionable at times, I do have to praise the company for offering budget plans for the frugal-minded.  I get by with under 200 minutes a month so my 60-minute cards (which are doubled, remember?) usually last me.  The 60-minute card, however, only gives you 30 days of service.  I can handle that for $12/month and not have to worry about an outrageous Sprint bill every month, an experience that turned me off to Sprint and on to Tracfone.  I can add minutes with a quick visit to the website, or I can buy time via my phone.  Because I have been a loyal customer for several years, I also get additional deals via email for reduced minutes, etc.For no additional fee I also have international access so I can chat with my brother who lives in Germany.I live in SE Arizona and have no problems with reception at home or in town.  Although Tracfone shares towers with Verizon, I don't always get service in remote areas, but that's OK with me.  There are only two things in life that require my immediate response and chatting with friends or co-workers is not one of them.Overall I am very pleased with Tracfone and their products.  I like this LG420G model as well.  I dinged the company a star for their unfriendly (at times) customer service.  But for anyone looking for a bargain, someone who doesn't chat much or who hates being tied down with an outrageous monthly cellphone bill, who's not much into texting, you may want to check out Tracfone.  You can check for local availability via their website.