This is my first smartphone, and I admit I was having mixed feelings after my bad experience with my "old" Nokia N82. However I was positively surprised by some aspects of the device, specially the responsiveness and the usability. It is really easy to use, I gave it to my mom (she's 60 and always has problems to use tech stuff) and she just started to use it! Now after 2 weeks I think I have some contribution...What I liked:The touchscreen works very well, with some inaccuracy, only perceived in rare occasions when I need to click a link without zooming in the screenThe speed: usually it is very fast to switch from an app to another.Live Wallpaper: very impressive (although I suspect it eats the battery)."Modem" feature: in 30 seconds my laptop was connected to the Internet using the phone's 3G network, and without any cable!Camera: comes with all those candies the modern cameras have. I liked the Panorama.Display: amazing colors and cristal clear, can be used even at direct sunlight.Unlock Pattern: Sounds like a silly thing, but I liked it!Power profile: it shows how much of the battery is being consumed and by application, and then you may have a chance to improve battery life. In my case the display is by far the most battery eater, so there's not too much I can do, except do not use it.What workedWeb browser. It was able to render every page I've visited, it is fast and easy to use.Multi screen. It is nice to have more than one screen. I know it should be very useful, I just don't know for what.Swype: surprisingly easy to use, just needs some improvement on word prediction.Maps and traffic information.What could be improvedSoftware shop definitely needs to be improved, for example: I want the possibility to sort out search results, I want more filter options, and, of course, more software available. Also, some kind of security review/karma would be useful. Some form of accreditation of the suppliers also could help. I'm not saying I want the Apple dictatorial system, but I think some basic security indication/checking/verification would be good.Wifi: It works OK most of the time, but sometimes it does not connect automatically and then I have to go to the list of networks and click on the "Connect" button.3G: it took me some time to understand how to configure the network.  I still not 100% sure I could do it again if I lost the configuration...Applications:  too many applications, poorly organized. I'd like to have a way to group them in a logical way or inside a folder, specially those rarely used (may be there is a way and I just need to learn how to use it).Language: The default language is Korean or Chinese (I'm ignorant and I don't know the difference between the ideograms).  It should come in English!Language Support: definitely need to have Portuguese support.Speech recognition (Vlingo): That's a bad joke. I say SECTOR, it understands SEX STORE. Hmmm, is it reading my mind? :)Battery Life: It lasts for one day, in a good day. Much less if you are a heavy user.Access device's storage: That's tricky!  I spent a whole day trying to find a way to use the device's media on Linux... And then I found the problem: the SD card need to be unmounted first! (settings/SD card/Unmount SD card). Once I did that it worked.GPS: The initial lock takes much longer than Nokia N82.3G usage: I don't know how much data is being transmitted/received, let's see the next phone bill. That "background transfer" "feature" is my concern. Also, it could have some sort of carrier/network type selection, it is always using the network even when the only network available is Edge. OK, maybe it already has this control and I just don't know where it is.Lateral buttons: I'm always mistakenly pressing the buttons.Glitches: It hanged a couple of times. One of the times I had to remove the battery to get it back. Sad.