First, let me say that I've been a user of S60 devices for years now.  I even had that awful 3650 with its goofball round keypad.  Off the top of my head, I've had and used 3650, 6620, 6682, 9500, 9300, E61, E70, E50, E51, E61i, E65, E71, N73, N82, N95 and the ill-fated N97.  I even had a 5800XM for half a day, but returned it when I found that the 3G capabilities were hopelessly borked.  Fortunately for those users it got fixed, but I never did jump back in on the 5800XM.Back to the N97 though.  Crazy version number jumps aside (I read something about 4 being considered an unlucky number in some Asian cultures, so they skipped from S60v3 to v5), I was jazzed about the N97.  Under the hood, the Symbian underpinnings that I've grown to know & love over the years, with a slick new touch interface.  I even went to the launch party in NYC.  That commercial with LL Cool J had me humming "Mama Said Knock You Out" so much in my head that I went and bought the song from iTunes.Then I got the phone, retiring my N82.  Cue the sad music.  First problem - no iSync support.  At all.  No worries, been there before.  I hacked together an N95 plugin back in the day, so how hard should it be?  Bzzz..  No go.  My method of sync on the device was using Mail for Exchange with Google Sync to sync up contacts & calendar events.  It worked mostly, but was a bit of a pain to set it all up.  To get the data to the phone, it's My Mac -> Google -> Phone.  Of course, that's 2 different 2-way syncs, so there's always potential to have change collisions at the Google part of the equation.Next up - battery life.  Wow.  It's not iPhone-bad, but it's pretty bad.  I will take my hat off to the boys from Espoo on one point here - Micro-usb charging.  It's about time, kids.  Seriously.  Keep that up.The CPU and available memory felt a bit anemic.  Not as much CPU as I'd thought would be the case - out of memory was a common message I saw.  Definitely slower than I'd have liked, so I must also say the CPU is definitely not up to snuff.The screen.  Oh the screen.  It's certainly beautiful to look at, no disputing that.  I thought the colors were vibrant and looked great.  I was concerned that a touchscreen would mean it would be hard to see anything from finger marks, but not so here.  My chief problem with the device, which ultimately led me to return it was the screen.  The resistive touchscreen employed on the N97 just wasn't sensitive enough.  I found myself doing 3 or 4 touches when one should have sufficed.The camera.  5 MP, dual LED flash.  It took very nice pics, but why not use a single xenon flash?  The flash on the N82 is the best I've ever seen on a phone.I really really tried so hard to like this phone, but between the screen that didn't really seem to work correctly and the < 1 day battery life, I couldn't in good conscience keep it.