I'll start off by saying I've had these Sprint phones:The Galaxy S2, the Galaxy S3, the Note 2, and now the Note 3.Maybe Samsung and Sprint have a thing about having problems every other generation. One of the reviewers alluded to the fact that their S2 Epic Touch was basically unusable for GPS/Location services along with a host of other problems. This is true because I had the same issues. When the phone was upgraded to Jellybean from Gingerbread, battery life was 2-3 hours and there's tons of information online about how Sprint and Samsung basically failed to support that phone and/or fix it's issues.I ended up selling it and bought a Photon which served me well until I got a S3. The S3 was great and I passed along to a family member when I got the Note 2. The Note 2 was by far the BEST phone I'd ever used. It eliminated my need for a tablet and I pretty much turned on my laptop in the rare instance that I needed a full 15 inch screen for work. That's how good the phone was, with amazing battery life, solid performance, and an absolutely reliable background. The only thing that disappointed me was the screen resolution...it was good, but it wasn't great when I compared it next to the HTC One or S4.I was so excited for the Note 3 that I sold my Note 2 for $400 and bought the Note 3 off contract for $700. I figured the $300 I was paying was equal to what I would have paid if I had an upgrade that was available. Initially I was in awe of this device. It was everything that the Note 2 was, but improved. I rarely make calls because I usually use messaging so I didn't expect anything to be wrong with the most basic part of the phone. This past week, I've had to make quite a few phone calls for work and that's when I noticed the problems. I looked up, "Sprint Note 3 call problem" and ran into a slew of forums and websites stating this issue.On one Android specific site, the reviewer even said that during his review period, the phone made flawless calls. Just this past week, he hasn't been able to make any calls.This may be a software/network issue but Sprint seems to be completely dropping the ball. There's no reassurance to the people who bought this phone and they strangely deleted a thread on their own community forum that they started, which basically said they were looking into the matter. Now, why would they go through the trouble to post that, and then delete it the next day?This is a fantastic device, but it's not a phone. A phone is something you can make and receive calls with. As it currently stands, you can't with this version of the Note 3. Check online and research before you buy this. I'm unable to return my phone because I bought it off contract and am hoping a fix is issued. If that happens I'll change my review, but until then STAY AWAY!