I've purposely waited to write this review so I can give a post "newness" idea of my experience with this phone.Let's get to it.I've had the phone for a little over a month now. After reading many reviews, watching you tube video reviews and unboxings, I decided on the HTC On. The phones I were debating on were the HTC, Samsung Galaxy S4, and iPhone 5S. And, ultimately I was sold on the HTC One.The good:1. Build quality. The phone is solid. Made of aluminum and glass, with zero gap construction. There is no creaking or other signs of sub-par construction.2. The display. The lcd screen produces a beautiful picture with dark darks and bright whites. The display is great.3. Sound. The much talked about Boom Sound front facing speakers are something that must be experienced. I used to use my headphones to watch You Tube videos even when I was alone and there wasn't a chance of disturbing others. Now I use the sound through the speakers.The sound is phenomenal!4. HTC Zoe. I won't get to much into this because there is a lot to do in this feature. But, I will say that the built in feature allows the user to create 30 second videos with sound and editing at the push of a button.The end product is totally shareable directly after creation.5. Speed, storage and battery. The processor being used makes the phone very speedy. There is practically no lag. Switching between screens and tasks is fluid and smooth. The phone has 32gigs of storage which is more than enough for me. I have to say that I don't use my phone as a music player so I don't fill it up with music.  Battery life has been pretty good after I got over the honeymoon stage of always using my phone. I do consider myself a power user, minus gaming, and I get through a twelve hour work day without charging.6. Size. I believe that HTC has found the "sweet spot" with the size of this phone. Coming from the Samsung Galaxy S3, which I found to be a good size if not a little wide, I think the HTC being a little taller and thinner is a better form factor.  And I feel the size of the screen is better than the more petite iPhone 5S.And now the Bad;1. The camera. I mentioned HTC Zoe as a great feature, but the camera used for this feature is kind of bad. The auto focus is spotty and the clarity of the pictures are also hit or miss. I have found that I can stand in the same spot and take the same pictures and get widely varying results. At this price point and quality of product, the camera should be much better.2. The aluminum body. Here we go again. I know I said the build quality is a plus, and it is a solid feeling phone. I prefer plastic because in my experience while plastic will often scratch when dropped,  aluminum will dent. I think scratches are easier to live with than dents.And that's it. As you can see. The plusses far out weigh the minuses. Of the two cons the camera is the one that is find to be the most egregious. The competitors at this price point are putting far superior cameras in their products. My wifes iPhone 5S produces pictures that blow the HTC out of the water.But overall the phone is probably the best smartphone available. I have had the chance to work with the iPhone 5S and the new Samsung Note 3, and i am still sold on the HTC One. And there are rumors of software updates that may help with the camera.I would give the HTC One 4 1/2 stars. Minus 1/2 for the camera.