I've had this phone a couple days now and I really love it. I've been using the iPhone 4 for the last nine months after abandoning Nokia's last attempts, the E7 and E6. Now Nokia returns with double the processor and double the Ram, and a camera that bests every other phone out there. I went in with low expectations and have been very pleasantly surprised. So here are all the features as they value to me:The Screen: I was weary about this because the iPhone has an extremely high pixel density, so I had concerns that the low resolution of this phone would make my eyes sore. Well, first of all the AMOLED screen is brilliant. The brightest I've ever seen and the colors really pop. Visibility in direct sunlight is completely unhindered. When navigating the homescreens I don't notice the low pixel count at all. Only when opening web pages is it noticeable, but only when viewing pages in full screen. Double tap the part youy want to read and it's fine. So that was my first concern laid to rest.The build: Not as chunky or ugly as media reports led me to believe. I actually really like the design and while the phone is indeed heavy, it's not at all too big. I have the white and black model, and got a compliment that it looks like "sci-fi".Email: I was concerned that email would be shoddy. Happy to report that push email is working fine and on the large 4 inch screen messages are easy to read and displayed correctly in HTMKL.Web Browser: Another concern was the stock browser. It's still slow. I've had problems in the past with Opera but those problems seem to have been fixed. Opera Mobile (not mini) renders pages correctly and fast. Again, the big screen is helpful here.Youtube: I do my fair share of Youtube watching but remembered how poor the stock app was on my E7. Was surprised to find out that Gravity plays Youtube videos, not only in a better UI but the videos actually play in very high quality (not sure if HD but it sure looks close).Widgets: Love allt he widgets, which I've had almost zero problems with. Email, Facebook, Twitter, news, location services - all have worked without crashing and update regularly. I remember widgets on the E7 constantly  crashing and not updating. Glad to say that's no longer an issue.Audio/Music: I'm surprised I don't hear more people talk about the amazing quality of audio on Nokia devices. It far surpasses my iPhone, not only wired, but especially via bluetooth headphones. Now the 808 comes with Dolby Surround and it's even better. The music widget is very useful as well, and I was, again, surprised to see that this phone came with Nokia music installed. WHile currently the US isn't supported it only took a second to tell the app that I'm in the UK and get access to music on the go. Being an iTunes devotee I can comfortably move on knowing I can download music when I want.The camera: This is an awesome camera, and I don't have to tell you that. What I really like about it are the Xenon flash which is great for night time photos, the lossless zoom, and Rich recording. Combine those three things with the high quality camera and you've got pictures and video that no other phone can duplicate.Maps: This is just the icing on the cake. So great to have voice guided navigation. Points of interest are lacking however.The keyboard: My one strike against this phone. This is pretty bad, but luckily a new keyboard is coming in the next update.This is an awesome device. Hopefully the price drops soon enough for more people to get onboard. It really does everything it should so there's nothing I can think of that I miss from Android/iOS (well maybe video calling)... It's worth knowing that I am typically hard on Nokia. One thing I've never done is defended their poor decisions of the past. The reason I like this phone so much is they've finally listened to a lot of complaints of the past and acted on them. My main appreciation for this device is that for the first time in a long time Nokia delivers on their promises and made a phone that works in all aspects(even if some of it is due to third parties like Gravity and Opera).