I've now used my N97 for 2.5 months or so. Even though the device has already lived through two important firmware updates, it has still got some major bugs and inconsistencies in usability, stability and performance. Even after the updates, I'm surprised how badly and half-way the software is developed and designed, and how this ultimately cracks all the promising value from many intendedly great features that cannot be found anywhere else in a single unit.Before buying my N97, I had an iPhone for two weeks. I returned it because of some major feature limitations, including the lack of multitasking & file system, among others. I loved iPhone's user interface and the "it-just-works" fluency in most dimensions. Now I regret my decision.So what's wrong with the N97 concretely? First, for a great user experience, fluent and reliable operation is an imperative. The N97 doesn't have this and probably never will - even after several firmware updates. The phone is incredibly slow, especially when multiple apps are open. Some apps are just slow regardless of how many apps you have open, including the camera as well as active notes. This majorly distracts the use of the device and usually generates frustration. Many of the applications are also prone to jamming. This requires constant restarting of the device -- which is slow and consumers the battery considerably. Perhaps related, the memory needed for applications to run is incredibly small. Often you have to close programs before doing something.Second, several services that many use frequently, such as Skype, Gmail, Facebook, YouTube, PDF reader, have either badly designed apps for N97, or no apps at all (e.g. YouTube, Skype). Comparing to my iPhone experince, there is generally a night-and-day difference. Third, there's a number of rather stupid usability design flaws such as: music doesn't stop after unplugging earphones but instead activates speakers (I've had several humiliating experiences with this); menu structures of most apps are overly complicated; different sets of special characters are available through keyboard vs. on-screen keypad (sometimes you have to switch to the other to get them); cannot adjust wakeup beep volume, cannot change to any international language (like iPhone), and many others. Small things, but add to a larger reservoir of dysfunctionality.Fourth, even though the physical and technical features of the device have been praised, they're not without problems either: camera cover scratches the lens, camera flash distorts the picture on other side because it's too close to the lens; GPS is incredibly inaccurate and slow in updating the location -- much more so than in earlier Nokia phones I've had; the quality of voice is very bad -- many of my friends keep constantly complaining about the quality of voice calls from me; the battery life is poor -- in normal use I have to charge every night, sometimes even more often; there's difficulties in connecting via USB to Ovi Player on PC (phone not recognized by the PC software).To sum up, in everyday use the Nokia N97 involves a lot of waiting, restarting both apps and the phone, charging, solving all kinds of problems, as well as unintuitive and missing functionalities. It's not fluent. Rather, it's frustrating.So is there anything good? Yes, there are a number of - intendedly, at least - great features. Cameara with excellent 5 megapixel accuracy, lots of mass memory (though not for running apps), multitasking, the widget-based home screen, coverage of all thinkable network technology, gps and maps with navigation, music store & manager, FM transmitter, software market, etc. Precisely because of these intendedly great features I'm giving two stars instead of just one. However, all these potentially great features are now suppressed under the major design flaws in and half-way developed user interface and software.With this product, Nokia may be able to generate some sales with a relatively high price. But the price is not based on the value of the product. Rather, it is based on Nokia's brand as the largest and most innovative mobile phone manufacturer. However in the long run, if the products are not able to match the brand promise.. Well, I'd not buy Nokia's stock.