That particular new phone was DEFECTIVE because:(1) The worst problem with this cell phone was POOR CALL QUALITY.  During a call, I heard a loud "click" every few seconds, and could not accurately hear what was being said to me.  There seemed also to be radio interference when the phone was near other electronics, such as my computer.  If I was sitting at my computer talking on the phone, I heard a background buzz like an old FM radio too close to the television (for those of you old enough to remember) and the "CLICK" was amplified (much louder).(2) I used a SIM card for T-Mobile's network.  The particular networks I was trying to use were 2G and 3G bands 850 and 1900.  When I configured the APN pursuant to my carrier's requirements, I could NOT use MMS (in other words, I couldn't send and receive photos in text messages).  I used my carrier's technical support to ensure that I did it right, and after walking me through APN settings for the T-Mobile network, I found out there were two ways to configure it - and I had tried both before.  We (tech support and I) tried them a few times just in case, and we tried various work-around attempts, but this Windows Phone 8 would not permit MMS.Other bad stuff:(1)  There was a general lack of Apps.  Worse, the native Nokia Navigation App was awful.  It tried to send me to a Home Depot that was 23 miles away.  I live in the middle of the City of San Diego and there are at least four Home Depot stores that are much closer, one is 2.3 miles away, another less than 5 miles away, and the other two within 15 miles.  I don't even know if there WAS a Home Depot 23 miles away where it tried to take me because I was testing the App and didn't actually drive to a Home Depot, though I was driving around when I set it up.  There were other Navigation Apps available in the Windows Phone 8 App store, but each cost a few bucks, none were familiar, so a user would have to buy the App and test it, and if it didn't work, I don't know how the user would address that issue.  I could see pages of paid Navigation Apps - you could spend another $50 or $100 or more buying Navigation Apps until you found one that worked, unless you got lucky and bought one for $1.99 and it works as well as the one that comes on my Android or my buddy's iPhone both which are included (and I have two free ones that came installed on my Android, both which work very well).(2)  Battery life was awful, BUT it is a removable battery so that wasn't a deal killer.  If the quality of the calls would have been even decent; if it would have sent and received MMS; and if it would have had basic apps available that worked well; a user could buy an extra battery and charge it separately and always have power - I've always had phones with removable batteries so I don't find myself out of juice.Good stuff:(1)  After properly configuring the APN, the Internet worked very, very well.  Pages came up in a blink of an eye whether I was connected to Wi-Fi or whether I used data from the T-Mobile network.(2)  Transferring the content from my phone (contacts and photos) was very easy and very fast.(3)  Syncing my phone with my Windows Live account was a breeze and it was also very easy to also connect and sync with Google to add to contacts.(4)  The phone LOOKS great and feels good in my hands.(5)  Navigating the menus and using the Windows 8 Phone software was easy and intuitive.  Even finding APN settings and editing them was straightforward even if it took me a little bit of time to find them - but that's like any smart phone - there are a lot of categories to look through in the phone's settings menus.In Summary, I was flabbergasted that both Nokia and Microsoft rolled out such a deficient product.  Given that the Internet worked so very well and that the phone had a lot of power to quickly load beautiful web pages, I can't believe that the people who engineered this hardware and software even use cell phones.  I can guarantee that no one of any upper corporate status owns or uses this or any other cell phone because if they did, they would have demanded a useful set of native, installed, working apps.  They would know that us "regular people" use MMS, it's important to us even if for nothing but fun (but also, that's useful for work - to send photos of "stuff" back to the office for immediate response).  They would know that anyone whose owned a smart phone for a few years requires voice Navigation that works.  They could have used GOOGLE maps and written a good App for WinPhone8.  But they didn't.  They released a phone (and I read the reviews on the other Nokia Lumia Windows 8 Phone - none of them had good Apps and many people had difficulty getting MMS service) which I guess they feel they can repair over time with software push updates, or maybe not.  I returned this phone and sold my stock in both Nokia and Microsoft.  This product and the whole Lumia line looks like a losing bet made by lazy, incompetent, rich fools who aren't hungry enough and too arrogant to make sure the product they release works in the manners that people are known to use it.  They are both far out of touch with reality if they think people will enjoy using these devices.