After trying out various phones such as the iphone 3g, and blackberry tour I fell in love with this phone.Let me start out by saying that I liked the phone using the touchscreen so much that I felt like I didn't really need the keypad anymore which is a bummer. So yes the touch screen is very easy to use that not even the keyboard, which is the reason I bought it, is that useful. At times when you are writing a long text to write direction sure that can be very useful, but other than that the touch screen keyboard does a great job of saying your playful texts, invitations to your house party, or hellos. So it depends how much you are going to type. For right now I'm not sure whether it would've been worth getting the mini not this pro because its a little smaller and the touch screen works nice.Reason I got this phone over the Iphone 3GNow the reason I didn't like the iphone 3g is the qwerty touchscreen. After using a blackberry there was no way the iphone was easier to touch than the blackberry, because you don't get feedback. Some people like using the iphone keypad but who knows if they have used other phones. This is why I got this phone. This phone has a nice keyboard, and touchscreen. You get two worlds here. But like I said the touchscreen worked so nice even though this just has T9 keypad on the screen it works flawlesslyAlso after having the iphone what I liked about this phone much better is the ease of use. The iphone 3g is many times slower than this phone. However I'm not sure about the 3Gs it isn't the reason why I didn't like the iphone its just because of the keypad.Sound QualityThere isn't much to be said here. The quality sound much more fuller than the Iphone by far. So if you want to jam some music loud this is for you.Stand outMany people already have the iphone, those mytouches, the first thing I thought when I got the phone is this is going to stand out since it is many times smaller than your average phone, yet it does everything, well almost since there are some applications that don't work with this phone but I haven't encountered any that don't. You still have your common apps that work such as facebook. In the end this phone does not have that generic look many phones have, and is very stylish.CameraHands down to this phone compared to the iphone 3g. This is just as good as the camera on the Iphone 4 why pay more?QualityAnd to be really honest with you as far as the quality goes this really owns apple products. To me I think apple just raises prices to create a demand for the Iphone. For example the Iphone 4 has the same mega pixel camera as this phone does. And there are other phones that surpass the quality of the iphone 4 camera such as some other Sony Ericsson phones and droid phones. Just the look, feel and smell ;) is a winner for me. Guys this is Sony.True Unlocked phoneThere really isn't anything left to be said here.Data PlanThe Iphone requires a 30$ data plan from t-mobile to use the internet. This I can just use the basic 5 dollar a month internet and get 3g speeds.*Update actually I'm sorry guys but unfortunately I was misinformed. You would have to get the expensive data plan not just the simple internet fee.ComparableAnd some might say oh my gosh how dare you compare this to an iphone. The iphone has well there really isn't anything better unless you want to use imovie, or I don't know like that bigger screen then I don't know why you would prefer the iphone. And still this isn't a who has the bigger screen contest, there is the Samsung galaxy if you want a huge screen. The reason I didn't like it is because the touchscreen wasn't that responsive, and texting was actually hard to use.Wow factorI'm really surprised that this phone is not more popular. This fun is a very fun phone to use and to have around. I highly recommend this phone.And I'm not going to lie its hard to type on any iPhone whether its 4g, or 3g. There is just no feedback on the iPhones. Maybe if the iPhones make it easier to type like the android phones then just maybe I would switch but then again the iPhones are delicate phones, and they are expensive. So really I have been very satisfied with this phone, and I've had this for already about 6 months.Thank You Sony for giving me a phone that texts, and is easy to use.