I bought this phone as a replacement for a landline phone. What attracted me to the phone was the potential savings and the triple minutes. Considering that I don't make or receive a lot of phone calls, this phone makes a lot of sense and will have a payback period of less than 6 months. That being said, one has to be disciplined about using the phone. You start using your minutes from the time you press the send key until the time you press the end key. If you dial a number and get a busy signal or wrong number,or dial your voice mail, you get your minutes docked a minute. So you could easily use your monthly minutes up very quickly if you are careless.It is also less costly to send text messages than to make phone calls; sending a text message docks your minutes about .05 instead of a full minute for a phone call. Making a phone call also rounds up your minutes, so if you make a call, that is 1.05 minutes, you will get charged for two.Cons:Web Browser - will consume your minutes without giving you anything in return. You cannot type anything into search fields, so you could not do do a google search. Nor can you log into your facebook account. Wasted 20 minutes of phone time with nothing to show for it.Email - though there is a wizard to ease setting up accounts, when I use the values it set up, I could not login to my account. Have yet to download email, yet still get charged for the attempt.Bluetooth - I tried to use bluetooth to transfer images from the phone to my PC. You have only 3 minutes for the pairing to take place, and if there are problems, you have to start over. Would get connection failed messages; samsung support was of no use, and good luck getting a technical explanation of how to get it to work from tracfone. You can also download a program called PC Studio to move files back and forth between your phone and PC, but found this program unbearably slow, so removed it removed my PC. To transfer files, I could only use the USB data cable.MP3 player - copied a music cd title to the phone's memory, but couldn't get the player to play the tune because it wasn't in the right format. So if you want to copy music from your CD collection, you will have to use some sort of conversion program to get it into a supported format.Recording - tried to record from stereo at half full volume, but when I played back the audio, the sound was garbled. Had turned downed the volume controls to keep phone from ringing in vibration mode and on startup; apparently affects quality of sound.Phone - even though the phone is supposed to work for my zip code, and I can call my landline, during busy periods, I get "check call restriction -34 " messages. So there is little guarantee that when I actually need to use the phone, I will be able to get service. Also, in there service booklet, they tell you that in an emergency, you should search for a landline. Anybody try that scenario out recently; really negates the point of having a mobile phone to begin with.Tracfone support - you can obtain support from tracfone, but only if you fill out a support request. If you just have a question on how to do something, they will not answer the question without a support ticket. And generally speaking, the kind of answers you get is very uneven. Also, when I filled out a support ticket complaining about the call restrictions, they said I needed a new phone, but the phone I am receiving is only a double minutes phone that is $20 cheaper than the one I purchased. When they replace a phone, you have absolutely no choice on what phone you receive. They also make up the difference in the price of your replacement by adding minutes at their fullfillment center, so you don't get the advantage of triple or double minutes.Update:Tracfone sent me a new SIM card that would work on T-mobile. The connection issues went away. So I tried to download google maps application, and just opening one web page ([...]) cost me 22 minutes of phone time. Will not be using the browser for anything anymore. Too costly.