Okay where to start. I've used Tracfones for many years, just about since they first became available. I've owned several that Tracfone contacted me about telling me I had to get a new phone because of upgrades where my old one would not work any longer so I've had a few now. My wife and I both have them and I actually have two Tracfones myself, one set up for another zip code for when we visit family which is frequently. My other Tracfone is a Nokia 2600 which I have no complaints about really but this is a better phone.The truth is I don't want a monthly payment. I could afford any company or any phone I wanted I just like not having a bill coming in the monthly and I don't talk a lot on the phone anyway so this is perfect for someone like me. Also, I am not interested in all the bells and whistles of so called high tech phones. Text messages, browsing the web and games along with other things such as these extras are no concern to me at all and I'd just as soon find a quality phone that picks up a signal well, that isn't muffled when I'm listening to someone on the other end, that rings good and loud so I can hear it when it goes off, looks half way decent and is easy to operate for the computer illiterate among users.Every phone I've owned has had something I didn't care for. This one is no exception but its only two small things really and other than this I have no complaints. The C button is too easy to hit by accident when scrolling and the OK button is too hard to miss also once you open up the menu. I've found that when I'm going to my speed dial and scrolling through numbers that its very easy to clear it and have to start over particularly when walking so its necessary to have to stop and look down. In truth this is a plus for me because this has pretty much stopped me from using the phone while driving which is something my wife loves. Its impossible to do it while doing something else anyways so no point in trying at least for someone like me with fat fingers this has been the case. I have no trouble when I can give the phone my focus though so once I am free to make the call or look up the number its no issue really.The phone is light weight. Its good looking, and slim so its easy to stick in the pocket and forget about. I find its no trouble hearing people on the other end and that its easier to manipulate and get things done with compared to my Nokia. The color screen is a plus, the outside read out for time, battery life, signal and so on is a plus also and I really like that feature when its in 'clam shell' mode. Its also got a hands free speaker phone and although I've only used it once when I was driving and my wife held the phone its definitely a nice feature there too. All for fifteen bucks and some change at Dollar General. I can't argue with getting two free months when I transferred minutes much. Its rings nice and loud for the harder of hearing too so to me that was also a plus.Is it the be all end all to phones? Probably no where near, but for fifteen bucks and all you do get I don't see how we can complain really. I've been happy with most everything I have ever bought that was made by LG. This is my first phone by them. LG phones came highly recommended to me by friends and I was told they were well done and this phone is that I think. I've dropped it several times hard and it doesn't seem to care. Dinged and dented and still working fine so to me its all signs of yet another phone Tracfone will probably have to tell me to quit using again due to some upgrade in the system later and an outdated something or other on my phone just like the last three times I've been forced out of my old one.Contrary to popular opinion I think the basic phone without a lot of bells and whistles can still be both quality made and desirable. Some people like myself just want a bare bones get after user offering the minimum while still doing so with class without being cheap feeling. When I find it that works for me just fine. This phone seems to prove to me you can still find something even old retired farts can appreciate and use without feeling intimidated or like you bought something with a ton of features you'll probably never use anyways and for more money than you wanted to put down on something you can't appreciate to the fullest without your son or daughter there to baby step you through all of what it can do! I can appreciate this phone for its simplistic features and design. It was easy to set up with all my phone numbers without even having to read the instructions or ask my son to come do it for me unlike all the others I've owned in the past which I had to get out instructions on just to figure out and call for help when I got stuck trying to figure it out. It could be I'm just learning some as I go, but it could also be that LG has just made a pretty good straight forward phone than even someone not fully up to speed on all this gizmo stuff can actually use. You decide. For the money if it isn't what I say you ain't out much. I'm bettin' you'll like it.