To start off, I have only owned IPhones in the past. I love Apple's mobile and tablet offerings because of their hardware and user experience. As Google has improved its mobile operating system, I kept seeing friends and colleagues using them; but like most Apple fan boy's, I dismissed Google based products as being inferior. That all changed when phones with larger screen sizes started coming to market. I love larger screen technologies. I like my T.V.'s big, I like my computer screens big, and, most recently, I now have a cell phone that fits the bill in the size department. The large screen attracted me to the phone. Once I started playing around with the phone at the store, I noticed the sophistication and beautifully integrated user interface of the Android operating system. Without larger screen offerings, I would have never been shaken out of my Apple fan boy apathy.This brings me to the Samsung Galaxy S III. Not only has this been the phone that I was waiting for (and didn't even know it), but it has completely changed my perception of what a cellphone could be. The S III is fast (4G capable, I'm on AT&T;), aesthetically breathtaking, and amazingly light in weight (thanks to the AMOLED screen). It comes with the "ice cream sandwich" version of the android operating system (I can't wait for the next iteration, "jelly bean"). The interface is vastly more sophisticated than the IPhone operating system interface. Quite simply, the IPhone interface has far fewer options for customization and user experience. You get a plethora of more options on the android platform. The user experience on the S III is far superior to the IPhone.I have now started to look at other Android phones out there on the market. There are very few with the specs and the screen size of the S III. The only other manufacturer of Android phones that I like is HTC. But I think that right now, for the money, Samsung makes the best smartphone on the market with their Galaxy series. If you have a two year contract that's about to expire or you are new to the smartphone world, you owe it to yourself to take a look at the Samsung Galaxy S III. Because of this phone, my eyes have been opened. I will forever look at all offerings out there in the future and not be blindly obedient to a particular manufacturer. So thank you Samsung and Google. Thank you for showing me everything that a smartphone can be.UPDATE. After using the Samsung Galaxy S III for over three months, the larger screen is not worth the hiccups that the Android operating system has. I discovered, rather quickly, that Android has trouble with even the simplest of features. For all the functions that the Android community touts on these phones, the operating system just doesn't get any of them right. It takes several screens to get to some of the basic functions, which rarely work due to system crashes and buggy behavior. Most of the apps in the Play store are of inferior quality without any safeguards to speak of. Malware is rampant in the ecosystem. I have had to factory reset this phone over twenty times. Unacceptable. The phone itself is cheap plastic and when you push on the screen to navigate, sometimes you can hear the screen backing make a popping sound.What was my mistake? Moving away from Apple. That was a huge mistake. The screen size on the Galaxy S III was the hook, and I fell for it. I have since ordered the iPhone 5 and I will never leave Apple again. I now realize I wasn't an Apple fan boy, I just got used to the superior quality and user experience of their products.