I really like this phone... a lot. This is my first Android phone, I shied away from them because until recently I'd always heard they were glitchy, I also was not fond of the size android phones were becoming; i just couldn't make myself get and carry around the Galaxy S4. When I heard this was coming out I was happy to hear that it is way easier to use one handed and I also liked the look better than the samsung but when I heard you could use it without touching it I was sooooo intrigued. I kept thinking of what I would use it for and wondered would it really come in handy or be more of a fun at first gimmick. Well I can tell you, not only do i get such a kick out of the feature but it is so useful. I actually use it to find my phone a lot (when you call out to it "find my phone" it gives loud ring back to you) and use it to set alarms all the time. The other feature, active notifcations, no more picking up and waking up my phone when someone texts me, i just put my finger on it while it's on my desk, and the text is show. Perfect. Oh, and you don't have to wake the phone when you want to see the time, you can just move it with your finger if it's on a desk, or just take it out of your pocket. I love not having to push the wake button dozens of times a day like on other phones.  And even though some rumble about it not having a quad core, it's fast, and smooth, not glitchy. Might be a fraction of a second slower than the galaxys but I don't notice at all. Probably the best part about the phone for me is the form factor though so if you are tired of bigger phones check this phone out.Criticisms:One downside is the regular black or white version only comes in 16GB, so if you like music on your phone you have to get the 32GB off the motorola site and don't get the sometimes very good discounts from amazon.2ndly, screen is not as bright and gorgeous as the HTC One, but the reason is because they use an amoled screen so that they can have the active notifications features which, again, are so useful.and the camera. It's okay, really not great. If I had young kids I often wanted to take pictures of at a moments notice and you usually use your phone to do that, warning, it might not get you what you need. You can get good pics, but you need really good lighting to get it.What it really comes down to is, if you want a brighter bigger screen, go samsung or LG or Nexus, if you want a phone that fits much better in your pocket and has some really smart features, really consider this phone, even though it's not pushed by reps in stores it really is a diamond in the rough.