I've owned a mobile phone with just about every OS in the smartphone era with the exception of Windows Phone 7/8 and the Galaxy S III is my favorite total package of hardware and software that I have ever owned.I'm going to write this from the point of view of someone switching from iOS to Android because my last phone was the iPhone 4, which was very solid yet unexciting. I hate having what everyone else has but at the time it was so far and away the best phone available on Verizon that I had to get it. Prior to that I owned a Palm Pre+ (amazing OS, no apps), the original Motorola Droid(Android was too raw at that point), a Blackberry Storm (God awful, dare I say the beginning of the end) and a Palm Centro and Treo 650 (I miss Palm.)The OS:Android has come a long way since the Droid. I hated that phone more than any I've owned and sold it before my contract was up to get the Pre, which coincidentally from a pure OS standpoint was the best. While iOS and Android may appear quite similar the customizability of Android takes the cake. One thing I really didn't like about iOS was that you could do nothing to get rid of apps I would never use. Now, don't get me wrong, Android, especially Verizon's because of all the bloatware they put on it has the same problem to an extent. However, you can at least hide the annoying apps that you will never use. I know its not a huge complaint, but it annoyed the hell out of me that I couldn't do anything with Newsstand on iOS but relegate it to a distant page. Swype texting is another plus. It works better than I anticipated and just takes a little time to get used to.The Hardware:I'll spare the technical details, its fast. My only concern is how it will be in a year and a half when it is outdated. It is big and that took some getting used to, but after about a week an iPhone just feels small by comparison. I have probably above average sized hands and it is still easy to use with one hand. I do sometimes find myself hitting the back button or opening the phone app when I use it with one hand. The screen is bright and crisp, however it doesn't always adjust the brightness properly but it usually corrects itself quickly. I used to think "Who needs a screen that big on a phone?" and now I can't imagine going back, I'd even like to try out the Note II.I was pleasantly surprised by the battery life. I am at 65% right now and it has been off the charger since about 11:00 am. However, I would consider today a relatively light day of usage. It does need to be plugged in nightly, so not quite at the level of the iPhone (4 anyway) but nowhere near as bad as many android phones.Apps:This is a big opinion point but for myself, the apps on the Play Store are better than Apple's. I generally only use basic apps and games. Gaming on this phone is lightyears better than iOS. There are emulators for everything up to the Playstation and it is easy to connect a PS3 controller through USB or bluetooth (if rooted). Chrome is much better than Safari in my opinion. Here's where the bigger screen helps too, its just a better phone for browsing the internet or any reading. Call quality is also much better that the 4 and there aren't any reception issues. I've had multiple people tell me how much clearer I sound on this phone.All-in-all this is a great phone, and as a former iPhone user I am more than happy with my decision to switch. I know its not totally fair to compare this to the iPhone 4 but the 5 just didn't impress me. I still wish webOS was alive because it was a great OS but this is the best hardware I've ever used. And it has a very, very good ecosystem supporting it. I'd probably give it 4.5 stars if the option were available because of a few niggles, but it definitely deserves more than 4 stars so I'm going to give it 5.