My LG Xpression just wasn't working for me, so I decided to get a new phone. I already had an active basic phone plan with AT&T; and didn't really want a smartphone anyway, so I did some thorough searching (thanks, PhoneArena.com!) and narrowed my choice down to either the LG Arena or the Nokia Asha 311. I couldn't find an Arena on Amazon, but they had the Asha and it was eligible for Amazon Prime! Decision made.I was a little hesitant purchasing a phone not released in the United States, but after reading reviews and checking the specs I decided to give it a chance. So far, I really like it! :)DIMENSIONS:I don't care for the way phones are getting bigger and bigger. At roughly 2" x 4" x 1/2", I'm very pleased with the size. It's about the same size as my old LG Xpression 2 (same as LG Extravert, Reflex, etc.) and about 1/4" thinner. It's thinner than the pictures make it look.CONSTRUCTION:It's lightweight all-plastic construction feels very sturdy. Knowing the screen is covered with Corning Gorilla Glass is another touch that gives this phone a premium feel. As added precaution, I purchased the black Amzer case to protect the phone from dings and scratches.TOUCH SCREEN:The capacitive multi-touch screen is VERY responsive. In fact, it maybe even TOO responsive, but I can get used to that. The virtual keyboard is small, yes, but what do you expect from a 3" screen? I have average-sized thumbs and don't have too much trouble typing. Yes, I occasionally  tap the letter next to the one I meant to enter, but it doesn't happen enough to discourage me from typing.SPEED:The 1 gHz processor in this thing is very quick! I've gone through all of the features, menus, etc. and everything loads and transitions very quickly with no lagging whatsoever that I've noticed (so far).PHYSICAL BUTTONS:Someone mentioned the side buttons in particular being hard to press, but I disagree. The side and front buttons all give a nice, firm, reassuring click when pressed.USER INTERFACE:Even though the screen is low-res and only 64k colors, it's very bright with rich, vivid color. The layout is very organized, simple and not over-complicated, and very easy to navigate and use. Some of the standout features include an FM tuner (not yet tested), e-mail client, news app, weather app, internet radio app, and a variety of games (Bejeweled, Angry Birds, dice, and more).CAMERA:At 3.2 MP, it takes photos big enough for me. The photo quality isn't the greatest, but this isn't a smartphone with high-end optics like the iPhone, Galaxy, etc. It does, however, have a decent set of features (digital zoom, burst shot, self-timer, color effects, fun frames, fun shutter sounds, grid overlay for photo composition, white balance presets, and exposure adjustment). Besides, if I want to take a quality photo, I'll use an actual camera and not a phone.==========Overall, it's a good little "feature phone" that definitely lives up to that description. It's loaded with features, has fast performance, a responsive screen, and solid construction. That's not to say it's perfect, however. My single biggest gripe is definitely a lack of GPS capability, but not because I need navigation. Without GPS, if I'm ever in an emergency, police and other emergency personnel will have to triangulate my position using cell towers which is slower and far less accurate than GPS. One other minor gripe is that, unless I'm overlooking the option, you can only set one alarm at a time. Ultimately, however, I'm pleased with the phone and glad I took a chance on the Nokia Asha 311. :)