Update:After using this phone for about 6 months, I have to say that this is one beautiful phone. I've used the GPS for a trip down the East coast with great results. Call quality has been great where ever I've been and with the recent Belle upgrade to the Symbian OS, the N8 should be considered as an alternative to any phone out there. The free(no data plan required) GPS, great battery life and high quality camera are just head and shoulders above even the newest models offered by other manufacturers. I see that prices have not come down since I bought my phone and that has to be because of the demand for this phone. The quality is outstanding. I don't think you will ever regret buying the N8.First and foremost, you are buying a cell phone that gets excellent reception and sounds good on both ends of the call. That's why you buy a phone. Why this phone stood out to me is the extras you get. And since I don't consider a tad over 400 gold grinkles cheap, those extras better make it worth while. They did to me.1. You don't need a point and shoot. The camera on this phone is the best ever used on a cell phone. What you will be doing without is the telephoto capabilities, but the camera takes great pictures and is easy to use.2. You don't need a dedicated mp3 player and video player. The music player is very good.  You won't be giving up anything. Sound and video qualities are excellent.3. You don't need dedicated GPS unit. OVI maps are great. They come free with lifetime updates and give you spoken turn by turn directions with street names. You do not need a data plan for OVI maps to work like you do with other phone mapping programs. The screen is not as large as some of the other cell phones or GPS units out there but it is very legible never the less.4. The web browser stinks but Opera Mini takes care of that.5. It also comes with a dictionary that can work as a translator if you download (for free) other languages (up to 2 more) at the OVI store. Going to Madrid and Paris this year? Download Spanish and French. Going to Berlin next year? Dump one of the others and download German.6. You'll have to do your own research on the social stuff. I'm not into Twitter or Face Book.7. Battery life is outstanding. I used the GPS without a car charger for over an hour and the battery only went down one bar. That may be about 15% of the battery life but I'm not sure if the battery indicator is linear. Using the phone for calls and texts and a couple hours a day on the internet with wifi and it still goes a couple of days between charges. That would never happen with my Droid X.What's not so good about this phone is Symbian. Besides the Droid X, I own and old iPod Touch. Using either one of those operating systems is childs play compared to Symbian. It is not intuitive at all. Options are hidden inside other options in menus that make no sense.I am willing to put up with that because of everything else that sets this phone apart from other smart phones.Plus, being unlocked there's no contract and it will work anywhere in the world. It also comes with a good amount of memory and you get a couple of cables that would cost you a lot of money if you had to buy them separately.So add it all up and be conservative. It's a $100 point and shoot camera. It's a $100 video & mp3 player. It's a $100 GPS unit. It's a $100 phone. It's all these things in one and it costs about the same as buying them all separately.