I bought this phone from another merchant, for my son. All was well for awhile then he couldnt send pic messages. He could receive them, but not send them. I went into message settings and made sure everything was correct and fixed that problem and all was well again. Then a week later he couldn't send regular text messages. He could receive them, but couldn't send them. They would just go to the outbox. So we called AT&T; and they said it had to be the phone because all of our settings and provisions were correct. Called Nokia and had to do a hard reset (after backing up all pics, files, etc). After that everything worked fine again.The phone itself seems typical of Nokia - Good quality, very durable, packed with features, easy to use, sleek design and feel. The camera is excellent and there are alot of features for use with the camera as far as editing, modes, etc. The screen is a nice size and the coloring is vibrant. My son absolutely loved it, but he is getting tired of the messaging problems. I can't blame him for that. I had bought him a Tilt2, but that phone was absolutely horrible. It locked up/froze constantly and finally took a final freeze and became a paperweight. So we returned it and bought this Nokia E75 since it had most all of the features my son had wanted, except for touch screen and tilting screen. Seemed like a good tradeoff since Nokia's are such good phones.If we have to do the hard reset on this E75, we may end up returning it. It is simple to do, but it is something that shouldn't HAVE to be done in order for the phone to work properly. Texting is something my son can't live without. He sends and receives over 5000 texts a month. Typical teen these days I guess.Anyway, overall despite the messaging problem it is a good phone. It processes fast, call quality is great, reception is great, has all the features you could need or want and it looks good too. The QWERTY pad is nice sized and easy to use. There have been issues with the recent updates though too, so if you are buying this phone soon, or have bought one recently - DO NOT UPDATE YET UNTIL THEY WORK OUT ALL THE BUGS! The update is bricking some phones and renders most capabilities useless when it doesn't completely brick it.UPDATE - All issues were resolved with some simple settings tweaks. The phone has been great and was well worth the money. Nokia phones are so durable and reliable - the problem we were having was due to it being unlocked and not properly setup for our carrier - so it was our own fault. I should have updated sooner. This phone also does not require us to have a data plan with ATT, which is a huge plus! Not too many nice phones out there to buy unlocked, with wifi, that do not require a data plan.