I picked up this new-old-stock Sharp Sidekick last week and so far it has been pretty good.  The elimination of Danger's closed-architecture OS and cloud services (stemmed from Microsoft's acquisition of Danger) is the serious downside to the series, as the lack of web services and the lack of a Sidekick ecosphere for downloading/purchasing extra programs makes it a crippled phone. This forces you to make do with whatever programs the phone has and its stock features (there is no calculator, as one would have to download it from the Hiptop servers, for example).  The membrane keyboard is very difficult to beat for texting, as it is roomy and has a row for numbers.  The Hiptop OS has plenty of useful key combination shortcuts, making it faster than selecting with the trackball or directional pad.  The trackball is very precise and the whole layout of the rest of the controls are intuitive.  The 3MP auto focus camera takes pretty decent quality shots, though can be a bit touchy when you pull up the camera program using the pre-focus/shutter/right shoulder button--as you press and hold, it will take a picture if you hold the button right after the program loads (it does give the option for you to save or discard right after the photo is captured).  Its LED flash is pretty standard fare, though it would be nice to have this as a flashlight as it is fairly bright.  The media program is pretty flexible with creating playlists, except that it is like many other phones with stock media players: there is no equalizer, despite a powerful enough headphone amplifier.  Bluetooth works well, but is crippled compared to other smartphones, as it does not offer a two-way file transfer--just files sent only to the phone.  The MiniUSB connector charges the battery and transfers data to and from your computer as it is shown as a separate drive.  The LCD screen is very detailed and very crisp (dense pixels), which is expected from Sharp.  Phone calls can be made by flipping open the screen and using the keyboard or you can leave the screen in place and use the trackball to dial.  Call quality was good, though compared with my previous phone (LG Incite), the microphone is not as sensitive.Pros:Quality phone hardwareKeyboard and trackball qualityScreen resolutionDecent auto focus camera with LED flashMicroSD support (up to 16GB)MiniUSB--a standard and common connectorCons:Dead closed Hiptop platform (no external sources of obtaining programs)Crippled Bluetooth services (no proper file transfer, just sending files to the phone)Don't expect WiFi, as that was left out of the design.If you never use data services, such as mobile web and email, and tend to text more than you make calls, the Sidekick LX 2009 should be worth looking into--especially if you are a prepaid customer and would rather not settle with a similarly priced LG Neon or a Samsung t369 (both are messaging phones).The particular Sidekick I picked up was new-old-stock (retail starter kit) and was unlocked--though it was missing the 1GB MicroSD card. The rest of the package had the pouch, headphones, T-Mobile SIM, mini USB cable, USB adapter/charger, documentation and phone--all new.  No snags with AT&T; and T-Mobile prepaid services, other than the obvious shuttering of the Sidekick services.