In summary the Nokia E71 is a high end voice/video/messaging communication device it is not to be confused with a web viewing or gaming device.For some odd reason Nokia phones have never been that popular in the USA in comparison to Europe and Australasia. This model the E71-2 is made in Finland and is the unlocked (non carrier specific) US model version and has GSM/EGSM (GRPS EDGE) quad band 850/900/1800/1900 MHz and uses 850/1900 MHz for UTMS/WCDMA (high speed data packet access HSDPA aka 3G)[...]. So what you ask? Basically, with the US model if you travel overseas don't expect to receive UMTS (3G) service.The Nokia E71 is best called a high end business smartphone....kind of like those high-end German cars it has more bells and whistles than any other smartphone on the market and just like those high-end German cars (designed by engineers for engineers!) you will need to read the manual and play around with all of the buttons to work out all the features it has to offer. The Nokia uses the Symbian (competitor to Android and iPhone) operating system and has a relatively large number of applications that will run on the phone. All of the currently popular applications are available for the phone Skype, Facebook, Youtube etc. Many of the apps can be directly downloaded from Nokia's "Ovi Store" using the app directly from the phone.The phone has a built in FM radio that works great, but you will need the headset to be plugged in (it acts as the antenna), but once plugged in you can use the loudspeaker. The audio is very good and plenty loud when using it with all the audio applications. The phone has a built in GPS receiver and now has free Ovi maps (global set...you will need a large memory card if try and download them all) available from Nokai for download. The GPS works great and has a large voice set available also, my daughter loves the English Surfer Dude speaker. Phone has infrared, bluetooth and wifi connectivity built in.The wifi works well and is a great feature at home or on the road. I can web surf and download podcasts (it has a podcast subscription app). The phone has an internet radio application  that is also a great feature...you can listen to many US and intentional based internet radio stations like the BBC for free.I personally prefer to have a keyboard with my phones rather than a touch screen and like the Nokia for this reason, it is odd that I find it easier to type with the E71 keyboard than my work issued BlackBerry. The screen is about the same size as the BlackBerry screen, but Nokia have (in my opinion) could have worked better on using the real estate and particularly with the font and icon size on the home page. If you have bad eyesight you may find the E71 very hard to use without a magnifying glass.The good:1: High end unlocked smartphone for less that $230!!!! (not locked to a carrier or plan)2: Unlocked phone has many phone carrier defeating applications. VOIP/SIP and wifi3: Phone supports cell/phone calls, video camera calls (has both forward facing and rear facing camera), internet (VOIP/SIP) calls in native application, Skype, Fring calls...4: Applications galore included.5: Ovi store applications and GPS maps for free.6: Phone is lightweight.7: Battery life is great and is user replaceable.8: Phone will multi-task without any issues, listen to the radio, web surf and download all at the same time.The bad:1: Phone almost requires a degree to operate.2: Too many menu options and levels to achieve tasks.The ugly:1: Text size and phone icons (3g, signal/battery bars) are miniscle.2: Phone requires a PhD to totally master.3: PC based Ovi/PC suite sync application is slooooooooooooooooow.I'm using the phone with a $6.99 for 90 days T-Mobile prepaid SIM card and have setup a VOIP/SIP account along with Google Voice for voice mail and free wifi internet calling. Life is good. Very odd but my teenage daughter would rather have my E71 than an iPhone.Overall the E71 is a great communication device with many great features included for the price. If you are looking for a cheaper phone then have a look at the Nokia E63 as an option, it does not have a GPS receiver, forward video camera or external volume controls. But is a tougher phone with all the other attributes of the E71 above. For about $159 you can find a new unlocked with US warranty supported E63.