This is a device that requires a lot of time and energy to master. However, if your requirement is to have the capability to capture high quality images for a modest price then the Nokia N8-00 is worth considering. The user interface is not as easy to understand as iOS or even Android. The number of apps numbers in the tens of thousands.  That means there are only several hundred apps that will interest you. Basically to be happy with this handset you'll want the camera to the exclusion of all other capabilities.  It's a handset for those who can't or won't be locked into the Apple, Google, or Microsoft ecosystems.Consider that intro as my warning of "here be monsters." If you are adventurous then continue on:In the box you'll find a Nokia N8-00 and all the trimmings. That is to say a charger, HDMI output cable, and USB cable. And the usual safety manuals.  The Nokia N8-00 ships with Symbian^3, a 2010-era operating system with a tough interface to master and memory management problems. The only good thing about Symbian^3 is you can get rid of it.To get rid of Symbian^3 you'll need a desktop PC or laptop running Windows XP or 7, a really high speed data connection, and the latest copy of Nokia Suite (available from Nokia). Plan to download about 1 GB of data in 300 MB chunks.  Before starting your upgrade adventure, spend several hours reading the information regarding the N8-00 at [...]. You'll also have to create a Nokia account to download maps and apps. Going from Symbian^3 to Nokia Belle takes about 6-10 hours of tinkering.After installing Nokia Suite, connect the handset to the computer and let the two devices get to know each other. When the drivers are synced up you can start the software upgrade process. Nokia Suite will offer to upgrade the software from Symbian^3 to Symbian Anna. After that is completed, the next upgrade is to Nokia Belle. During the upgrade to Nokia Belle you'll see warnings forbidding you from touching the handset. Heed that warning!Getting the handset to Nokia Belle is simultaneously the beginning and end of the journey. Click on SWUpdate and download whatever remaining apps and widgets Nokia thinks you are entitled to possess on your handset. And be sure to visit the Nokia store to pick up additional apps published by Nokia (e.g. "Internet radio").Nokia more or less abandoned Symbian/Nokia Belle in February 2011. From a user perspective this means the bugs in the handset's firmware are here to stay. You'll have to live with the bugs and quirks and work with them or around them. At one time Symbian was the most popular smartphone OS in the world. It was also the most targeted for malware. That software is still out there. You can operate the handset without an antivirus solution but depending upon your use case that might not be an acceptable mode of operation. Fortunately, anti-malware solutions are still available and maintained by their vendors.So why would anyone buy this handset in 2013? Well, besides the camera's unusual capabilities the handset can be used as a SIP phone to make VOIP calls, Nokia provides free software to listen to radio stations that stream on the Internet, the N8-00 has an FM radio, Bluetooth, and can play music via your vehicle's FM transmitter. Or, your hotel's FM radio. The HMDI output allows you to play 720p video on a television. Replacing the battery is a trivial operation.  Repairs cost about $100, so after a year if something goes wrong an out-of-warranty repair is relatively expensive. Finally, this is one of the handsets that implemented USB On-The-Go.In the end the camera is going to make or break this handset's experience for you. To see what the N8 is capable of doing in the right hands, review the YouTube videos created by topolino70.