Amazon delivered this phone in a timely manner. I was excited when I opened the box, immediately turned on the phone and start playing with it.  Surprisingly the phone was already half charged.  A few minutes into it however I realized the screen acted weird.  There were "line" across the screen, and are very obvious.  At first I thought it was intentional, but then realized that the screen is defective.  I googled "nokia defective screen" and sure enough there were tons of hits.  Turns out that the defective screen is a widespread problem among Nokia's N8 and C7 phone, especially ones made after the initial release (October 2010?).  I also noticed the battery got VERY hot after charging the phone for about 20 minutes.  I didn't want to give up, and called one of the Nokia Care center (a designated cell phone shop) listed on Nokia's website, hoping that they'd be able to replace mine with a new phone immediately, since it's still under full warranty.  The representative said they're new to the Nokia Care and don't even have any parts available.  They could fix my phone free of charge (under warranty) but it'd take them weeks since they have to apply for parts from Nokia, wait for shipment, then fix the phone.  Or, they said I could pay $200  and they'd order screens from their own vendor here in the U.S.  They also said the battery is defective since it heats up so quickly, and that I'd also have to pay extra if I don't want to wait for them to "apply" to Nokia.  Like I'm going to pay $200 on top of the $400 I just paid for my brand new phone?  Needless to say, I returned the phone to Amazon immediately, and thankfully they refunded my account in full.It's too bad, this is really a good phone.  I've done extensive research on smart phones, and I thought N8 would best suit my needs and life style.  I don't do social network, or want to pay for expensive data plans.  I just want a good quality phone with strong reception and loud speaker, that has a very good camera (I don't have a digital camera), with many connection options (USB on the go, bluetooth for file transferring, etc), and can also act as a PDA (calendar, contacts, notes, all sync with Google).  Basically  I want the swiss army knife version of a smart phone without the bloat data plan.  And N8 would've been it.  Unfortunately Nokia has completely dropped the ball on quality control.  This incident also made me realize that Nokia has NO PRESENCE whatsoever in the U.S.  Apparently they don't care about this market, and that if something happen to the product I purchased from them, I'd have nowhere to turn to except their mediocre "care center", which can't even function properly because of all the bureaucracy.  I heard Nokia is taking a different turn with Windows Phone 7, where they'll focus more on the North American market.  I hope they do.  I've always liked Nokia phone because of the excellent reception and hardware built; I even like Symbian for what it's worth.  But I'm not going to put my hard-earned money to buy a piece of technology then get little to no support when it breaks (within warranty).  Buyers beware.