I've been a longtime iPhone and Android fan that's been craving something new, yet I wanted my phone to have the important features below::: TL;DR ::My important features.1) Group threaded message (like the iPhone)2) Stellar pictures3) Fast internet4) Good battery life5) Good as an actual phoneBonuses:1) 32GB2) Offline maps + voice navigation3) Outlook integration4) Social Network integration5) Nokia MusicLacking:1) App selection (not necessarily bad)::Meat of the Review::Messaging:This has been headache-free for me. Most of my contacts are on the iPhone and this phone works seamlessly in communicating with them as a group. Stock android does not do this out of the box. The Lumia just works here.Camera/Video:This phone takes gorgeous photos. I used this to take photos at a family party and my family and friends were consistently impressed. Please don't take this to mean "showoff". These were unsolicited comments about the quality and clarity of the photos. Also, this phone does your viewers a favor by offering fluid and quality video capture. Helpful against nausea from shaky videos.Fast Internet:LTE, HSPA+, Wi-Fi. All work, all are plenty fast.Battery:This phone lasts me all day. At times I've had 13 hours and other times 40+ hours of battery life. With anything, your mileage may vary depending on how you use your phone and how often.As a phone:Calls are clear even through speakerphone. People didn't have a problem hearing me as well.The Nice to Haves:The 32GB storage, Nokia's offline maps + navigation, work email and the social media integration are all big bonuses for me. What's this mean? I can take lots of pictures, I can use navigation without worry over data usage, and I can contact my work and personal contacts seamlessly.I also mentioned Nokia music. It's similar to Pandora, but I can save the music for offline listening and I don't have to pay for it. Having this feature was a pleasant surprise.App Market:To get the elephant out of the way, the windows phone app market is lacking in selection, but you'll find the main stuff here: facebook, yelp, netflix, angry birds, etc. The lack of selection isn't a conflict for me. The phone already has what I absolutely want (messaging, navigation). I don't personally download a lot of apps because I like my phone free of clutter.Random Thoughts:User Interface:The UI is simple and very friendly to work with. I don't feel you'll have a problem navigating this phone.Internet browsing:IE works well, pages display fine from my use.Phone Screen:Pretty and Vivid. Colors feel just right and not overly saturated. Phone's brightness also works well in any lighting condition.Phone Design:Except for the protruding volume, camera, and sleep/power buttons on the right side of the phone, this is a beautifully designed phone.Phone Weight:You definitely feel the weight of the phone. For me its comfortable. You'll want to hold one before making your own judgement here.Final word:The system isn't as robust as Android so people who love tinkering "under the hood" with their phone may want to stick to Android. If you're heavily invested in the Android or iOS app markets, its probably best to stay where you are. If you're looking to jump ship from either platform into a friendly platform with generous phone features, consider checking out the Nokia Lumia 920.