Oh by the way ludicrous means humor. I don't think this even deserves one star.Okay guys. Please do read this review, it will make a dramatic difference in whether you buy this piece of junk of not. I was so excited to be getting a new phone! Finally!I must admit, at first i was in love with this phone... untill these problems started occurring with in the next hour. I did not research on this phone, and read no reviews before i bought it... which was a HUGE mistake on my end. The only thing I knew when i purchased it was that it looked like a smartphone, except didn't have that data plan. Which made me purchase it.  Little did i know that the HTC FREESTYLE IS A SORRY EXCUSE FOR A PHONE! Every single person who's ever wrote a bad review on this phone is entirely true.  At least 10 times a day my phone freezes (and then i have to open up the battery compartments, and take the battery out to restart it... turning it off is not good enough. I am being truthful with you right now. When i send someone a text, several people have mentioned to me that i send them that same text at least 3 more times, and i receive the same message from people 5 at the most times. Meaning, when you send a text... that person receives your text 3 more times. And when you get a text from someone, you get that text multiple times again. Another thing i have noticed about this piece of crap is a weird screen that pops up with a red, blue, yellow, and neon green stripe saying "system error" , and then you have to turn in off (take out the battery + sim card again). And lastly, at least 7 times a day my phone will freeze in the middle of no where and say "error, restarting phone". Its superbly an annoyance. I have only had this phone for 6 days, and i hate it! I've never dropped it once... and i bought it brand new.  PLEASE DON'T PURCHASE!And the last thing i wanted to share with you is... last night i went to go use my phone... and the main screen (it has different screens like the iPhone) Was gone! My htc freestyle home screen with the messaging button, the menu, the time is just gone! I turned my phone and took out the sim card restarting it more than 20 times (yes, i'm counting) And it just won't come back! Now i can not text or call, i'm stuck with this junk! I was going to return and get a new one... but i think the same will happen.Also along with the home screen... i have no more music, contacts, or shortcuts on my phone. It's literally as if i just got it because all my stuff is gone. Even the freaking home screen! THE HOME SCREEN! HOW DOES THAT EVEN HAPPEN?!?  Sorry i have took my anger out in these words. I am, just very fed up with this phone. Any suggestions of phones without data plans by at&t; for me to get next .... please email me. bcort99@aol.comThanks for reading, and once again... don't purchase this product. And i'm warning you... i think all HTC's experience these same problems.