Pros: - good build quality and design - small, light, and thin - WebOS is very slick and works well - good quality standard apps cover basic functions - cheap accessories readily available - cheap service from Page Plus - unbelievable low priceCons: - uses an old version of WebOS, 1.4.X and can't be easily upgraded to v2 - there is no voice dialing function available. I can't believe Palm shipped a phone without this. My cheap function phones have had this capability for years. - end-of-line product with HP ending Palm hardware production and making WebOS open source - screen smaller than Palm Pre and most other smart phones - WebOS has a very limited app selection compared to iOS and Android. This may improve depending on how  WebOS does in the market now, but most new apps will probably not run on the old hardware - of the limited selection of commerical apps and 3D games out there, many only run on the Pre and not the Pixi Plus. This is a shame given that the Pixi Plus is very capable of handling any apps the Pre runs, but I understand developers had to take extra steps to build versions for the Pre and Pixi, and the development kit was late for the Pixi.Tip: - there is only one rear speaker. I read one review where a user returned his phone because one of the rear speakers wasn't working. I did some research, and only one of the grills on the back is a speaker and the other one is just there for design symetry. The volume is okay, even with only one speaker.  I have been looking for a while for a way to get an inexpensive smart phone with no contract and not incur large service charges. Last year I got my wife an old Palm Treo 650 for easier texting. Even with that 2004 vintage phone, it was a big hassle to get Verizon to disable data service and not charge us $40/month. A little investigation found that the Pixi Plus was available at a very low price, not much more than used Palm Treos or standard cell phones, and received overwhelmingly positive reviews. This peaked my interest, but I needed to determine how I could get it connected to low cost service. I just switched my wife's Verizon number to the Page Plus $12/mo plan with no issues, so I checked to make sure the Pixi Plus could be used with Page Plus as well. I found extensive information on-line, including in other reviews here, detailing the process for activating the phone with Page Plus. My mother-in-law, who is on my Verizon plan, expressed an interest in the Pixi Plus, so I let her be the first to try it out.  I ordered the phone from Amazon with the benefit of 2-day Prime shipping, and it arrived yesterday. First impressions were that Palm must have put a lot of focus on aesthetics, since the phone, packaging, and accessories were all well designed and gave an impression of quality. The Pixi Plus is slightly smaller than I expected, and it is very thin for a smartphone. I went through the setup and activation procedure detailed in other reviews. The Palm profile setup is mandatory and requires cellular data service, but once that is done, all data requirements can use wifi. I had to make two calls to Page Plus, one to port the number over from Verizon, and when that was done, a second to activate the phone on Page Plus. The wait on hold was about 10 minutes each time, and the Page Plus customer service people were both polite and helpful. There is no charge from Page Plus if you are porting an existing number. Once that was completed, I went in the phone preferences menu, disabled data, and connected to my wifi. I got a $12 plan at Page Plus, which provides 250 minutes, 250 texts, and 10MB data for a month, and the phone was good to go. If you plan to have mobile data enabled, you'll want to choose a plan with much more data included (the $30 plan includes 100MB).  While I have limited experience with iOS and Android, I have to say that WebOS, even the older version on the Palm Pixi, is very slick. The touchscreen is a little small but very clear, and gestures work smoothly. The keyboard is small but very usable with good feedback. I was amazed at how well multi-tasking works on a fairly low-powered device. I ended up playing with the phone for several hours, trying out the various functions, and downloading a few apps. Everything worked smoothly and was intuitive. There were no errors or crashes. Loading most webpages took around 10 seconds. I had been worried about the lack of apps, but the basics are well-covered with a good browser, YouTube, messaging, Pandora, and a great streaming radio app called TuneIn. You can even stream MPEG-4 movies from Archive.org. This morning we delivered the phone to my mother-in-law, so I'll see how she likes it. She is non-technical, but I don't think she should have any trouble with it. I am very impressed by the Pixi Plus, and I am planning to get two more for my wife and me.