This review is about the get real. I hate this phone. I hope that my deep hatred for it will burst off the pages and forever be etched into your brain. I am truly being honest with you when I tell you that after switching to another provider and phone, I will definitely soak this phone in lighter fluid and send back to Hell. Like real talk.So a little background. I purchased this phone after an unfortunate mishap with my previous Virgin Mobile phone, my beloved HTC EVO 4G (which I actually loved and would recommend to anyone who insists on going the Virgin route). I bought this phone as a replacement for a few reasons; price, Android 4.0 ICS, VM's Beyond Talk Plan at $35 a month. Now this phone doesn't have the same specs but I wasn't expecting it to. This phone sounded good for someone with not a lot of money to throw around for an iPhones or Samsung Galaxy. Well, if you look at from the perspective of someone who just came from a basic phone to a smartphone, then yeah, it's a great deal. Maybe my experience with the HTC EVO 4G skewed my perception a bit, but I still feel I'm not being too harsh about it and am judging the phone based solely upon itself.1 - Why is the home button so close to the space button? It frequently closes when I'm typing and just irritates me because if it was just moved down a little it wouldn't be an issue. Guess what. It is an issue. The thing has a lot of real estate to move that button down but for whatever reason they decided to move it so high up they might have well as put it above the entire screen. Like honestly, that would have made more sense.2 - Why can't I erase anything from the Gallery? Now I know what you're thinking. I must be an idiot to not know how to erase pictures. No. Other people on the web have had this same issue. I've even gone into every single folder on the sd card to make sure I'm deleting all traces of a picture but it fails to work. I even started thinking maybe it's syncing online but no. I have no idea how to fix this issue except to not use an SD card, which isn't that bad of an idea because the camera sucks anyway.3 - Why do I not get reception in areas I used to with the same service provider on an older phone? I've had Virgin Mobile for 4 years and I always got excellent reception. I get voice mails all the time of people asking me why I never pick up my phone. Simple; it never rings. I know people call when I get their voice mails.4 - Why does the browser shake as I scroll down? It acts like I'm in an earthquake when I'm scrolling down Google results. Which ironically leads me to...5 - Why is the vibration so weak? There have been countless times that I have put this phone in my pocket on vibrate and I don't feel it when I get a text.6 - Why does the battery often drain at an incredibly faster pace on random days? Like on any random day it might drop to 0% mid morning for no apparent reason. I'm not using any apps that would be able to explain such a battery drain and if I did it would make sense it would be consistent. My theory is that on those days it is scrambling to try to find signal which would drain the battery.7 - Why is Virgin Mobile making me pay for phone insurance when I never asked for it? Straight up. I declined it but I still get the you owe $40 this month text. NO I DON'T BRO. Why would I get insurance for a $50 phone? I would just cut my losses and buy another one. In two years I would have spent enough insurance to buy the phone twice over.I am definitely switching from Virgin Mobile. Maybe this phone has better reception in Hell, because that's where it belongs.