thank ye for reading my reviewI don't know where to start. Being a cell phone user for more than a decade, I have never encountered so many problems with a phone, besides NOkia flagship phone, the N97.I purchased the phone in June of `09. The phone performed exceptionally. I tried to avail features the N97 offered and it did everything it promised to. But within less than a month, it started exhibiting many flaws. The first were the freezes. It used to stop at any point of time, even hanging up in the middle of calls, with a fully charged battery. Out of the 32 GB of ROM memory provided, I only used two gigabytes of it for music and some for photographs and videos as I didn't want to slow the phone down, to the point, where I used my own MMC (8GB) so the phone's memory stayed as unused as possible giving me a faster performance.  But the MMC only worked sometimes and sometimes it just didn't even function, as in not being read by the phone's software. I know it was supposed to work as it functioned in the past. So that was the point of my first compromise.  I STOPPED USING MUSIC, VIDEO AND OTHER MEDIA APPLICATIONS just so my phone didn't hang up on crucial moments.Later in October, the camera's receptivity upon initiating the software was around 1 photo in 3 minutes; it just used to stay stuck. That was my second compromise - no photos. After that came a period of a month when my phone's telephony features or talking just in normal was hampered. I suspected it was my phone network of AT&T;'s fault but there are more than six people living with me whose network signal or cellular reception wasn't distressed like mine.  I called a customer service representative of NOKIA and she told me it was my cellular carrier's fault. I complied with her and used another SIM for sometime and the reception was same (terrible).Seeing all these problems, I updated my phone regularly in hopes of a new software that would prove my investment to not be a failure, but to no avail, the phone returned to its DUMB shenanigans every time.  I even restored the phone to its factory settings more than five times thinking that might help, but it retained its good old level of endless stagnancy.  The Internet never works for more than ten minutes; the phone freezes after ten minutes of Internet usage. The battery gets drained in less than 2 days of usage where many internet websites claim the phones' power stats to be this -: Stand-by Up to 432 h (2G) / 408 h (3G), Talk time Up to 9 h 30 min (2G) / Up to 6 h (3G) and Music play Up to 40 h. I understand this is for when there is minimum consumption in computing power, but I have never used more than 3 applications at the same time, my display has always been on the lowest possible power usage and I have never used 3g on the phone. Sometimes the touch screen doesn't even respond properly. On the main user screen, trying to get to open the clock application or the dialing pad takes more than a minute (60 seconds).3 weeks ago my lock key on the left side of the phone fell down-: Randomly. I used it to unlock the phone and it just came off. And since then I've had to slide the keyboard down all the time I need to use the phone.I just don't understand how this is happening the most qualified Nokia phone.  I would agree to the statement "Nokia redefines the word "Smart phone"", you know in what context I'm talking about.  I just feel robbed of 700$. And I hope I don't feel this way after you have found a solution for my problems.