**I've now owned this phone for about 6 months, and there are pros and cons. It's a affordable entry into unlocked smart phones, and is a decent value.I won't try to repeat what others have already reported so I'll list my pros and cons.Pros:-It's durable. (I've dropped this thing quite a few times on carpet from a few feet up, and it keeps on ticking)-Once set up properly with Straight Talk, it's a great way to take advantage of unlimited everything without too many sacrifices that come along with Walmart's overpriced options.-It's decently quick at running applications and browsing the web.-Comes with two batteries and cases along with a screen protector. (I've read others had issues with the screen protector being applied incorrectly, however this is not the case for myself as it's been applied correctly.)-Front facing camera allows for Skype callingCons:-The screen is of the bare minimum quality. It's actually a benefit that it's only 1280x720 as a 1080 version would slow this phone down tremendously. My screen also has burn in dots up and down the screen (about 8-10) and is clearly visible when viewing items in white. I always use the brightness on the lowest setting, however have turned it up on sunny days, and this may have been too much for the screen to handle from the led bulbs in the back.-1 gig of internal storage / 1 gig of ram. (this is an issue when having multiple programs running, and needing to move items to an SD card. I currently have a 16 gig card inside) You must allow enough room to move items over to the card though, or it'll say you're out of space. (keep in mind I have plenty of apps downloaded, so i can manage but you won't be able to download everything you want like an Iphone that includes 16 gigs of internal storage)  For the price it's understandable, but really could have benefited from 2 gigs of internal and 2 gigs of ram for an extra few bucks.- It's not as fast as you'd think. I've used a Galaxy S2 (dual core 1.2), and felt it was more fluid and quick with response than this supposed (1.7ghz when actually it's only 1.2ghz) quad core phone. I left bad seller feedback in regards to this issue, and asked that it be corrected, which is still hasn't. Don't let the speed mislead you. It's probably better for the battery it's only at 1.2, so that's a plus.- The speaker volume / quality is terrible. It's barely passable in terms of loudness. If you're a heavy sleeper and expect to use the alarm on this phone, you may want to look elsewhere.- The camera is poor quality, is very heavily blue / purple tinted.. poor low light visibility with tons of noise. I think they took a 3-5 mp camera and just upscaled it from previous generations of cheap phones. In bright conditions (as with any phone) and proper image stabilization, it's passable. Skype quality is pretty poor, but at least works.- The headphone jack isn't really terrible with headphones plugged in, but not very good either. The biggest gripe I have is when running to an aux input in a vehicle or stereo. The quality is very poor. Not enough power, and super muddy sound. I didn't expect much, but when my cheap Huawei Straight Talk phone puts out a better sound, you know you're going to be disappointed.In conclusion:If you remember you're getting what you pay for it'll still seem like you're getting a deal. It's unlocked, and makes a great option for cheap service plans. The product quality is lacking, so expect to start nit-picking after the initial awe of the size and speed of the phone wears off.