I've had this phone for about 3 months now so I feel I can give it a fair enough review. For context my last phone was a droid 2 global which I had for 3 years, loved it, never had any problems other than somewhat poor battery life. The HTC One is a substantial upgrade over the last phone, which was android 2 based, HTC one is android 4. Mostly used for texts, email, news, podcast, web, navigation, minor games. Have not used it for any work functions.  I will just list below but overall I highly recommend the phone, it's fantastic. My cons are really all minor and would not negatively influence me from purchasing the same phone again.Pros:-Very fast both in phone functions and network (4g lte)-Camera is great, excellent photo quality, limited zoom though.-Google Now service is interesting if not always useful.- phone settings all available from pull down screen at any time.- Thin but has great weight to it. Feels well built and has survived a couple 5 foot falls without any dents or damage-Boots up very fast.- IR blaster surprisingly useful for tv/cable box at home.- very easy transfer of pics and contacts from old phone with HTC app.Neutral:-Blink feed. Frankly never used it, never saw the need to. You can't turn it off but I just pushed it to the far left of my home pages and it never gets looked at. Social media users might like it, I don't see any need for it but doesn't detract from the phone in any way.- cosmetic, I don't like the the curved back of the phone. Also there is a black edge all around the screen. I wish the actual screen ran to the edges of the housing.- miss the hard keyboard.Cons: - Screen scratches very easily. Just get a screen protector on it and you'll be fine.- infrequent freezing or not recognizing touch when using built-in browser. Other browsers no issues.- Volume toggle is very smooth no differentiation between vol up and vol down. In other words without looking at the side of the phone I can't tell if I'm pushing vol up vol down or just futiley pushing the side of the phone casing.  Not an issue when using the phone in front of you, but I often listen to podcasts or music and it's annoying to take out the phone from my pocket and look at it to find the volume toggle. I just wish it had a better feel to it.- also Volume function does not rotate with the screen. I wish the Vol slider rotated when holding the phone sideways. In other words when watching Netflix I have to push the left volume button (usually volume up)  to make the volume slider move right. Previous phones I have had switched the functions based on the orientation of the screen.- Phone speakers and tones. The speakers are front facing and very good for a phone my issue is the phone is very loud. Even at the lowest volume setting the phone is way too loud. and then holding volume down strangely puts the phone in vibrate mode not silent mode. So to go silent you hold down vol down, and then push volume up to go silent. Odd. On top of that the selection of ringtones and alert noises is ridiculous.  There is a total of 1 out of the 20 or so ring tones that actually sounds like a phone and not some random cyborg playing the flute or the theme from bambi.- headphone jack - guessing here but it seems like the switch to headphones is software and not hardware. When you plug in headphones there is a delay before audio switches , and sounds still play through the phone speakers when headphones are plugged in. So when listening to a podcast I have missed calls and texts because the alert chimes play through the speakers not through the headphones so I didn't hear it.-Battery- could be better, but still very good, will last a few hours of constant use. Takes longer than desired to reach full charge.- can't turn off WiFi notifications. Phone constantly alerts you that WiFi is available, and then when you turn off WiFi, the phones alerts you that your WiFi is off and you might want to turn it on. Bizarre. seems to only be an issue with Verizon version. Not huge issue but annoying that it always takes up a spot in the staus bar.Again none of these issues would keep me from purchasing the phone again, just personal preference things I would change if possible. Must say purchase and activation through Amazon was flawless too.