My first smart phones were HTC, back in the days of Windows Mobile 5, and my first Android phone has been HTC.  A few years ago, I decided to try out Motorola's Droid RAZR Maxx HD, and then the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 which is my current daily driver.  I decided to see what HTC has been up to and give the their flagship phone, the HTC One, a try.Pros:* The unibody aluminum frame gives it a nice sturdy feel that doesn't feel cheap like plastic bodies do.* The "ultrapixel" camera does give it better shots in lower lighting, but then you do trade off megapixels.  If you are just shooting for sharing on social networks, this may not be a big deal but if you plan on printing photos, I'm still not 100% convinced of their strategy of using a lower megapixel camera (albeit bigger pixels).* The HTC widget on the home screen is pretty nice.  Gives you a consolidated view of news and social network status updates.* One of the nicest pros for me is having stereo speakers in the front.  I never understood why smartphone manufacturers decided to put the speakers in the back.* A nice bonus is the IR emitter that can be used to control your TV/DVR/Receiver.  You can view channel listings on your phone and use it as a remote.* Integration with Zoodle's KidMode is nice, especially if you have a toddler that you would like to entertain.--Update 2013-09-13* I just noticed a feature that this HTC phone has, much like my previous HTC phones had, which is built-in support for SIP (used for VoIP calls).  My Samsung devices do not have this built-in and I have to use a third party app. This is useful if you would like to use a SIP provider to make and receive calls.* The Zoe camera mode is pretty neat.  Essentially what it does is it will continuously take video in Zoe mode, but when you press the button to take a picture, it will create a 4 second long video that has 1 second of video prior to when you pressed the shutter, a point in the video of when you pressed the shutter, and 3 seconds after the button was pressed.  You can then create a photo from anywhere within this timeframe.Cons:* When typing, the Home button is right underneath the period, so I've found myself exiting an app a few times while trying to type a period.* I like the buttons on Samsung devices better, which consists of "Back", "Home" and "Menu".  On the HTC One, there are only two, "Back" and "Home".  Without the "Menu" button, apps either have to provide their own menu button, or an extra row is added below the app which is the Menu button and takes away a little bit of real estate from the app.* No SD card expansion* No wireless charging, which I suppose is the tradeoff to having an aluminum body since the aluminum would interfere with the wireless charging.* Included e-mail client does not support S/MIME encryption. On Samsung devices, the built-in e-mail client does support S/MIME encryption however.  Most people may not care or use this feature, but for corporate use, this may be more important.Neutral:* The BeatsAudio enhances music but I wish it was more customizable like an equalizer.* There isn't a built-in flashlight widget/app like there is with Samsung's Assistive lighting widget* Doesn't perform quite as fast as the Galaxy S4, but still runs plenty fast enough, so not marking it as a con.* Camera app doesn't seem to be as full of features like the S4.* I don't like the curved back.  This may appeal to some people but I would actually prefer a flat back.  When I have it laying on my desk and want to use it, I end up making the whole phone wobble back and forth every time I press the screen.* The Ir blaster feature is neat, which essentially allows your device to be a universal remote control.  It downloads TV schedules as well so you can get an idea of what you'd like to watch.  Personally, I haven't found myself using this a lot but this could be handy if you're somewhere, like a waiting room, or in your company break room and would like to change the channel.Overall, I think HTC did a great job of building a nice phone.  With Verizon's lineup of Android phones, HTC faces competition with Samsung's Galaxy S4 and Motorola/Google's Droid series (like the Ultra and the Maxx).  The hardware is really nice (with the exception of buttons in my opinion) but the software is lacking in some places.  Both Samsung and Motorola do a better job of packaging useful software with their devices, whereas this one doesn't.Also, worth noting is that this phone still uses MicroSIM cards and hasn't switched to using NanoSIM cards yet like with some other new phones.  I actually like this since my other phones are using MicroSIM as well and I can switch my SIM card around from one phone to another.  Had this phone switched to NanoSIM, I wouldn't be able to do that.