I ordered the blue N8 from Amazon and after one week I received it in excellent condition. I heard some of the N8 phones have been made in China but my phone was made in Finland, if this is something matter. As soon as I turned on it asked me for the software and firmware updates and I updated by just pressing "yes."  I have been using it about a month now and it works like a charm. The photos and HD videos I took with it are amazing! The phone conversation quality is excellent. It is made of a sturdy light aluminum material and feels very well made. All the buttons are placed well and very accessible. When you take photos or videos you either use the hard button to activate or deactivate it or you can just tap on the screen. It has a real flash (not with video though) and picture quality is stunning! N8 comes with built in 16 GB and expandable to 48 GB memory with micro SDHC card. I tried the GPS function and it worked without any problem. I also use it to go to the web sites like gmail, yahoo, facebook etc., and it works flawlessly. The first time when I visited the facebook it asked me for a facebook Nokia app. After that you just tap to FB app in applications menu and it immediately connects. Same thing with gmail. I am a long time Symbian OS user and found Symbian^3 OS to be very powerful and advanced. Yes, it needs a little bit polishing here and there but in no sense lesser than rivals IOS, Android or Microsoft Mobile 7. I was aware the fact that Nokia was in negotiations with Microsoft to use their OS on the next generations of cell phones before I ordered the N8 but it did not affect my decision. I think Nokia's decision is a big mistake but it is a subject of a totally different discussion. In any case, Nokia N8 is a superb phone and a gadget. I am a Mac user and it perfectly communicates and synchronizes through bluetooth connection. I have read some other users complaints here, such as "phone is not turning on," "freezes," "shuts off," or problems with interaction with software etc. May be I'm fortunate but none of those happened to me and Symbian^3  is a superior and very fast OS. It is a true multi-tasking device. You can leave one application open to go to another and than return. I use the N8 with my T-mobile connection and did not experience any problems either. I just took out the T-mobile sim card from my old phone and slide it into the N8. That is it! I have a very reasonably priced old t-zone data connection account with T-mobile and all web connections go through it without any problem. I also tried the wi-fi and it also works perfect. N8 has a decent built in FM radio transmitter and works very good. I covered the phone with OtterBox Impact Case for Nokia N8 . It gives it a negligible bulk but it also provides a good protection. Unfortunately it also covers my phones blue beauty:)Over all I am very happy with my Nokia N8 so far.