I didn't buy this here on Amazon but wanted to comment.The #1 biggest attraction for me with this phone is the user replaceable battery. When the battery begins to fade and won't hold a charge as long as it once did I'll be able to purchase a new battery for a few dollars and pop it in. I suppose I could carry a spare battery but my concern is more for the end-of-life situation. I wouldn't appreciate sending my phone away for a few days and paying $75 to $125 to have a new battery installed.I've been using another phone with a 4" screen which was fine. The larger screen of the S3 is fine but the extra bulk makes it just a bit large for my hands. This isn't a big enough problem to reject the phone though. It as a lot going for it in many areas. Surprisingly even with the larger screen this isn't a heavy phone and feels quite comfortable in my shirt pocket.The screen is bright and clear. It's easy to read even in bright sunlight.Voice quality is great. Much better than most of the phones I've had over the past 13 or so years.I really like Android 4.3. Buying this phone was a switch away from Apple and iOS. I was frustrated by the lack of user customization on iOS and when Apple came out with iOS 7 I was quite displeased with the new display style. So it was time to switch. I very much like the ability to customize this phone. There were things I did like about iOS and I've been able to duplicate them on the S3. But I find the notification features to be far superior to iOS 7, and I have much more control over the phone.The camera is decent but as my main camera is a DSLR I do notice the weaknesses of all smartphone cameras. The camera is certainly good enough to replace my point-and-shoot camera though, and certainly good enough for general snapshots and Facebook uploads.Pros:- User replaceable battery. As long as there are phones with user replaceable batteries I won't buy a phone without this feature.- Light weight- Great screen- Nice large bright display- Good camera for stills- Great camera for video- Bright LED flash for the camera and flashlight use- Good speaker sound and volume- No lack of features including NFC, Bluetooth, WiFi 2.4 and 5GHZ, GPS, and more.- microSD card slot + 16GB of internal storage. I have 48GB of storage.- Standard microUSB cable for charging and data transfer- Huge library of apps available from the store, most that I have downloaded are free- Verizon, while being expensive, has the best coverage.Cons- I wish the earphone jack was on the bottom. With a USB cord plugged into the bottom and the earphones on the top it is a bit unwieldy.- I wish the power button wasn't directly across from the volume rocker. I've turned the phone off or on many times when all I wanted to do was adjust the volume.- I wish the speaker was on the front- Charge time is at least twice as long as my older Apple product- Battery life is about 1/2 that of my older Apple product, but it gets me through the day.- I would like to fit more icons on the home screen, this is one area where iOS is better.- Slippery smooth back demands a case so I can have a secure grip on the phone. This makes it thicker and heavier. (same problem with Apple products. I found the little LG Optimus F3 to have a good grip capability without a case being required)- At night when I go to bed I like to watch the video news podcast. With my wife already asleep I want to turn the brightness down as far as possible but the iPod Touch will go much dimmer than this S3 so I take the iPod rather than the S3 to bed. Were it not for that I'd stop using the iPod altogether.I highly recommend the Samsung Galaxy S3.