The only reason i gave this two stars instead of just one is because when I bought the phone, I loved it. I thought that downgrading from a smartphone to just a regular phone would save me money and it wouldn't be as complicated. Now when I say complicated, keep in mind I am not that tech savvy, so "complicated" is a relative term. I do know enough to know that something isn't right with this phone. The first problem I had with this phone was how easy it unlocks. It would unlock and be on a random menu or in my text messages, which wasn't really a problem as much as it was an annoyance. This isn't the first phone I've had this problem with, and I know I'm not the only one. The one thing it did start doing that was a problem was it would unlock and get online. I don't have a data package for this phone because I wanted to, as I said before, save money. This didn't help. It racked up several charges, and even after I called my provider to get this take care of, it still kept happening. I asked them to block access, which they assured they would do, and they also reimbursed me for the charges. About a week or so ago, I pulled my phone out of my purse and- surprise! -it was online. I quickly exited out of there and then, just to see, I tried to get online. It not only got on, but it stayed on for over a minute. Now while this is more of a provider issue, the phone unlocks so easily that it doesn't really matter. It costs me so much money I should've just stayed with the smartphone!Now, the big issues, the two that are the main reason I want to get rid of this phone, are as follows:1. The phone does not always receive calls or text messages. Sometimes I get a voicemail without seeing that I even received a call, let alone missed one. Sometimes my phone won't ring. Sometimes it shows I missed a call without ringing. Sometimes when I go to send a text it will say that it had sent it, but it hasn't. It won't even be in the conversation I was having with the person. Sometimes it says it sent it, and the message is in the conversation, but when I go to check it later, it isn't, and the person never received it.2. The keyboard is horrible. It often types extra letters. First it was just one key, and now they all do it in turn. If it happened just a few times, I would think it was me, but it happens at least twice a day. The other problem is that with some of the keys, you have to pound on them to get them to work. If you want upper case letters or punctuation, then you have to work for it.To sum it up- Do not buy this phone! It is horrible!