I wrote a similar review over at T-Mobile, so thought I'd post it here too.This little guy is perfect for someone who uses a prepaid phone (not a smart phone) and has been using an iPod Touch to supplement their smartphone need. It runs Android 2.2 (Froyo) and it does an amazing job. Here's what contract smartphone users wouldn't like:The screen is small. Smaller than an iPod Touch 4G, but not too unlike the iPod Touch 3G. If you're coming from an iPhone 4, this screen will not feel as responsive, sharp, bright, etc. But that isn't to say its even a bad screen. Its just not a $400 screen.Out of the box, its fairly responsive; but like most (non-Apple) tech toys, you've gotta customize it a bit to get it running smoothly. I would recommend going into the Android Market and downloading LauncherPro. Think of this as a program to "re-theme" your home screen. Though that's not exactly what LauncherPro is. It will allow you to tweak a lot of the settings, and has a noticeably faster response than the default launcher.The battery on this puppy sucks. No other way around it. ** UPDATE: ** on average the charge lasts about 48 hours. ** If you are out in the woods all day, and are not near a car or power outlet, this won't do the job for you. The cable that comes with it is a mini-usb cable, and it includes a usb-wall adapter. If you are near power, you can use the included mini-usb cable and charge from a usb port on your computer or a wall outlet; or you can buy a usb car adapater if you don't have one already. I like mini-usb because its widely compatible with car chargers, computers, etc, but you have to make that call for yourself because the juice will run out each day.So what can you do about the battery? The same thing that I did on my iPod Touch: turn off all the extras. Turn off the GPS, turn off the 3G, turn off the bluetooth, and the auto-dim screen brightness. You can even go in and turn off vibrate for very specific things like: vibrate if on silent, don't vibrate with text, don't vibrate with new e-mail, etc. I don't think the battery thing is hopeless.Another question everyone wants to know: do I need the data plan? NO! This is a pre-paid phone, and that includes data. A daily web pass is just $1.49. If you plan on buying the web pass every day, you should upgrade to a nicer phone on a contract. If you are rarely going to use data because you are always in a wifi hotspot (like me), this is much more economical. I was an existing T-Mobile prepaid user. Before I turned on this phone, I put my sim card in it. It boots up, registers the device, and you are in business. The nice thing is, there isn't any way to accidentally start using the 3G. If there is wifi, this will slurp that up first. If there is no wifi, and you turn on the 3G, when you try to browse the web it will tell you that you need to buy the day pass for $1.49 before you can do anything. And when the day is up it prompts you again. I like that this is clear, and up-front. I'm much more likely to use this knowing that it is well-defined. Also if the wifi and 3G are on, it will use the wifi first if you don't have the day pass already.To me, this is a slam dunk. I don't use many cell phone minutes, and I am always in wifi. I would say it is definitely a strong entrance for smartphones in the prepaid market.Good luck!