Upon first laying eyes on the Nokia Lumia 928, you will notice the incredible build quality. It feels extremely natural in your hands, and it is a great weight and size, although compared to other smartphones it is a tad large. However, the size of this smartphone allows for a flawless 1080p HD display. The display on this phone is excellent, and it can even be viewed well from angles or in sunlight. The most prominent feature of this phone is the camera. The Nokia Lumia 928 takes unbelievably clear pictures, videos, and panorama; they look better on the phone than they do in person! It has stabilizing picture technology, and even if you don't have a steady hand the pictures and videos will turn out great. The camera also works exceptionally well in the darkness, better than those of other smartphones. The microphones (there are multiple) all work together to provide a flawless experience, people on the other line report my voice sounding just like it does in person, and voice recognition has yet to fail for me. The Nokia Lumia 928 has ample storage space for all of your needs and it is easy to transfer files between your phone and computer. The speaker on this phone can easily fill a room, and I prefer that in the interface it measures volume on a scale of 1-30, so you are allowed far more customization.That brings us to the next point, the vast customization you are given on the Nokia Lumia 928. Thanks to Windows 8 on this smartphone, the home page is exactly how you want it. You can adjust how big and small tiles are, where they are, what color you want them, if you want them at all, and you can add as many tiles as you want. You can also pick whatever theme of colors you want on your phone, and you can change it depending on your mood. No other operating system can offer such a unique experience that fits around how you use your phone. It is extremely smooth, quick, and easy to use. Internet Explorer, the default internet browser on this phone, works just as well as its competitors on other smartphones. However, with the Windows 8 operating system comes the biggest flaw of this phone, the smaller library of applications in the store. Not all of your favorite applications from IOS and Android will be available in the Windows Store, although many of them or their counterparts are. Don't let this turn you away from this phone, all app core functionality of other smartphones is matched if not surpassed by the Nokia Lumia 928. All of the big name applications are supported anyway, (Skype, Netflix, Hulu, Pandora, Facebook, Twitter, etc.) and you will find that you could easily live without some of your past apps on other devices. If you happen to own an Xbox this phone works quite nicely in conjunction with it using Xbox SmartGlass. It is a cool feature, but it doesn't bring too much to the table. There's also a wide variety of games to pick from either on the Xbox Marketplace or on the Windows Store. This Windows Phone also offers Microsoft Office right out of the box which is nifty for editing documents. You won't find yourself bored or having a lack of options, for there are plenty of things to do.The Nokia Lumia 928 takes no time to get used to. The battery life will certainly hold; it will make it through a day's usage. Everything about this phone, whether that be its fast processor and operating system, unprecedented camera, or breathtaking display works together to give you the optimal experience. It is an all around supple phone, and it will serve you well for a couple of years.