The phone came without the 2gm MicroSD card. The Nokia USB cable did not work to connect to Nokia Suite completely ( It recognized the phone, but was unable to update, however, it worked with another cable I had already). The phone made the impression as if it was returned by a customer before, cleaned and repackaged. It was not in original retail package but kind of a gift box. The wrist band was missing as well. The seller was willing to take it back and refund price and shipping, however, I had it forwarded to Bermuda and paid customs and shipping for that.I just wish the seller would have said its kind of refurbished or otherwise opened before.I bought this phone to use the GPS without having to use Data plan (especially when abroad). For that it is great like other Nokia GPS phones. Other than that I want to use it as a phone and for some sms messages, maybe take a picture at times. So just for things you don't need data for. I don't want email etc. Its nice it has wifi, so at home I can download maps without connecting toteh internet. Howeve,r the voice guidance can only be downloaded via nokia suite on a computer. I don't have a data plan, I don't want one. However, the phone is full of apps you cannot get rid of. I don't want Microsoft office for a phone (requires paid registration), Typing is hard enough on the touch screen. WHo would create a doc on a phone? I don't want the weather forecast or public transport etc. At least I was able to create a folder (I called it trash) where I could move unwanted icons, because otherwise they crowd your screen. Unfortunately you don't find instructions how to get rid of any of those (only some can be deleted, the rest eats phone memory). As you may notice I am not a smart phone fan, so that makes me bias. I have no use for fancy apps, just the opposite, they make life harder for me.Pros: GPS, wifi, bluetooth, unlocked, good phone calling quality, well build, 8megapixel, flash built in, can be used as a flash light in the dark. Skype can be installed to make free or cheap calls via wifi. Charges via usb (my old Nokia did not) and also has a charger input for the typical Nokia chargers (small connector) from before. It came with usb charger and car charger for usb. Since I still have my old chargers I have two sets now. USB chargers work on other phones like blackberry or samsung as well.Cons: too many useless apps, cannot sync with my mozilla calendar (insists on Outlook), it seems Microsoft used its new influence on Nokia to lock people into their software. App store not very organized. The keys on the qwerty soft key pat on the screen are relatively small (even in landscape) and the fingertips often hit more than one key or the wrong one. The touch pat works with heat sensitivity, not like in the 5230, which I had before, with actual pressure. So the phone comes without a pic or stylus to be more accurate. Maybe I just have to get used to it a little more. Many apps cannot be deleted even if you don't plan to use them ever.Too bad I lost my old Nokia 5230 Navi edition. Good thing, the C6 fits in my old cradle for the car holder.I am still happy because I use GPS only in when visiting the United States or Europe and the free maps are great for that.