I worked for best buy and got this phone as soon as it was released, and got it for free and at first I was amazed because I was coming from the Verizon enV3 and wanted to try sprint because I had heard it was really good for the price. So far I had no issues at all from sprint when I first got the phone, but there are sooo many issues now! The first issue I noticed wast the fact that android 2.2.3 caused my phone to glitch alot because it was built more oriented to snapdragon processors, then when I got 2.3.3 it was literally not usable. The touch responsiveness in 2.2.2 felt like a normal heat responsive touch screen, and then when it went to 2.3.3 it acted like it was touch resistant and wouldn't scroll in browsers and would literally lock up and I found a way to downgrade it to 2.2.2 again and did that. Then everything started to do a little better as far as touch sensitivity is concerned. Then I had issues with the camera, I would press the record button if I did a video and it would ding like it was recording then it would just freeze and not do anything and I'd have to take the battery out and reboot it.  Then after those issues, I noticed the processor is only like 653mhz or something close to it I believe, so if you like having apps like angry birds for instance it's gonna either lock up or the touch responsiveness is going to be crap. Oh and you only have 200mb of internal space and alot of apps wont save just on SD and not on the phone so when you download the apps that save onto the phone then that adds up to the space that the apps cache and there's the app data that fills up as well, I used my browser once to check facebook because the android app sucks and after using the slow as can be browser for about 20 mins I already had 5mb in cache and 48mb in data so I had to delete everything then because my phone was creeping by with everything suuuuper slowly!  I've also had issues with the antenna on my phone, or at least that's what the service guy at sprint said it was, I was dropping calls left and right going from 5 bars+3g when I started the call, then half way into the call in the same spot I would have no service then when it dropped the call and returned to the home screen I had 5 bars+3g so everywhere I go I update my PRL and my Profile. Funny thing happened, when I went to sprint about the issue the tech guy took it to the back to "work on it" and checked the speed with..... my speedtest app, he declared that I was only downloading at 100kbs and he said that was ridiculously slow for the area we were in and said he could update the PRL and it should be faster and since I had worked at Best Buy Mobile I told him I did the same thing all the time but more power to him if he could do it better, after about 5 mins, idk what took so long because I was the only person there and he was just texting when I arrived, he came out and said "hmm that's strange, after the PRL update you're only getting 64kbs" he just looked stunned, I said see it's just as fast as dialup and its like that everywhere. He went on to say "Since you don't have the sprint insurance, you could pay us 30 dollars to take it apart, 40 dollars for a new antenna, and 10 to put it back together, or 30 dollars for the exact same phone(refurbished) or wait till 2 weeks from now and my specialist will be here and she can look at it, or contact LG with the issue and see if they'll replace it." For 1 the first option was ridiculous! 2 the second option was a phone that probably would've done the same thing, and the third option if LG had decided to replace it would've put me without a phone for who knows how long. So I just clock at anywhere from 60kbs(OTA) to 7mbs(home wifi).  All in all I regret leaving verizon because the 69.99 unlimited data plan is a total bust, and the service just sucks! First off the 69.99 unlimited data sounded awesome, then they charge 10.00 dollars for premium data, and in my area in Louisville I had about 20 more dollars in taxes so I pay almost 92 dollars after everything, with sprint roadside I pay 96.44 every month for two flippin years with this crappy phone! I'm just incredibly displeased with the switch and will definitely not be back with sprint next time around.-Casey Summers