I'm writing this to first say this phone is the best yet and to dispel a couple of wrong comments I have read in other reviews.A little background...My last experience with a windows phone was an HTC running Win 5.XX.  Not so good but I really liked the idea of easy sync with my computer.  Since then I have had about 6 phones...blackberry, I-Phone, and android with my most recent the Droid RAZR MAXX HD.  The Blackberry's were great but started falling behind.  The Androids are fun but a little buggy, and the I-Phone and I just are not compatible.Then along came the Nokia 928 to Verizon, I love it.  It is not as playful and gadget filled as others but it just plain works effectively and trouble free.  It is not as "Powerful" as some, but it does not need the same amount of processing power because the operating system is much more efficient than Android.  This 928 is every bit as fast as the MAXX HD, I-Phone, S3 and S4The battery specs also do not match some others, but I am just going to say the battery life is just as good as what I experienced on my Droid RAZR Maxx HD, my son's S4 and the I-Phone.  The sound quality on calls is every bit as good and the external speaker for music and speaker phone is definitely better.I read in one review that the NFC does not work with Android devices.  This is simply not true.  Maybe it does not work with all, but I know for a fact it works with my wife's S3 and my Son's S4.  We have traded pictures, videos and other data with NFC.I read in another review that the pictures are not very good or have a red tint. This has not been my experience.  The quality is definitely not as good as our fancy DSLR but it is as good as our small point and shoot digital.  Video is also very good for a phone.The call quality and reception seems to be the best of all the phones I have owned.  Even with a large multi-layer protective cover and skinomi skin.And now the "lack of Apps."  I am not one who likes to use my phone as a level or as entertainment for my 5 year old.  I use my phone for communication, keeping my schedule, music, and tracking my rides and hikes.  Guess I also use it for maps and travel...I do use it for a lot of things and I have found all the apps I need...for free.  And I must admit my five year old has been playing games.So In summary, this phone is better than any android, blackberry, and i-phone I have ever used. In the month and half I have had this phone there has been no freezes and the touch screen is great. Its not ass powerful or feature rich as some, but t does not need to be...it is more efficient..and better in my opinion.  I recommend this to anyone and everyone...