I ordered the N8 through Amazon at the end of November. I was expecting it would come with Symbian Anna OS, however the model I received product code: 059D0V2) came with Symbian 3 (PR 1.2 v. 14.002, released March 2011) - a real dinosaur of a software. No sign of Anna, not even when I searched for updates. S^3 OS is very buggy (phone freezes, randomly reboots, etc.). I contacted Nokia support a couple of times but they said that this is the latest version of software for the model I have. I question the quality of Nokia's support given that they were not able to help me get a much-needed software update for the phone._________________UPDATE: I asked Amazon for a replacement and while they couldn't tell me whether the phone would have Anna OS installed, fortunately it did. So far the OS does seem much faster and more stable. Amazon service has been great: they sent the replacement phone in two days (and didn't even ask me to first return the old one). On the other hand, I am skeptical of Nokia's customer service who should have been able to help me update the software from S^3 to Symbian Anna in the first place. For this I had to give the phone four stars._________________My impressions so far:Pros- Beautiful detailing and solid construction- High-quality camera, very good at taking close-ups- GPS with voice-guided driving and walking navigation with multiple language support; works quite well provided there is adequate satellite reception. Unlike Google maps it does not require internet connection if maps are preloaded.- The mp3 player music quality is very good with one exception (see below)- Loudspeaker quality is very good (positioning is problematic though - see below)- Plays all video formats- Certain aspects of the software seem to be well thought-through (e.g. super easy to e-mail photos: select the photos and then the e-mail option, the e-mail application opens up with the photos already attached)- Simple, graphically-pleasing interface.- Interface is quite flexible overall (e.g. settings menu is impressive, offering much control over different aspects of phone functionality). You can easily add icons to homescreens and define different profiles. Most folders can easily be reorganized (except for the Settings menu).- The virtual qwerty keyboard is quite easy to use and you can install the Swype app for added predictive text functionality and foreign languages.- Fun features: FM transmitter which allows you to stream music from the phone to an FM radio (e.g. in your car) works quite well.Cons- Camera shutter is quite loud and there is no way to turn off the sound. I was only able to turn off the shutter sound after I installed the CameraPro app, unfortunately the app has issues (bugs) of its own so I am not sure if I will keep it on the phone. Either that or you gotta use your finger to block the loudspeaker (crude but works pretty well).- Camera auto-focus red LED light (different from the flash) is quite bright and disturbing to subjects looking towards the camera (even my cat was annoyed by it). While it is possible to disable the light with the CameraPro app, the photos come out quite blurry without it so the LED light sadly seems necessary. Fortunately, the light only seems to come on in low-light conditions.- There is a perceptible static noise with some wired headphones (e.g. Creative in-the-ear buds EP-630 and 660). The noise level is quite low so it is perceptible only inbetween songs or when there is no other sound coming from the phone. From what I read online, this seems to be a hardware design issue. Fortunately, the noise is not present when the screen is off, nor is it perceptible with the included headphones. The problem is also eliminated with Bluetooth headphones (because you are no longer using the jack).- Loudspeaker is partially obstructed when phone is lying down on table (has a considerable impact on speaker loudness)- There is no way to prevent the phone from automatically connecting to Wi-Fi when you start an app; specifying "Always ask" for "Data use in home country" under Settings > Connectivity > Settings does not work. The only work-around is to change the priority of your internet connections under Destinations > Internet.- You have to remember to check for fingerprints before taking a photo, because when you hold the phone your fingers end up on the camera lens.- The phone comes with an astounding number of different settings (a good thing) however the settings folder is poorly organized and thus difficult to navigate. I have a very hard time remembering where to find what. Unfortunately the settings structure is not customizable.- The positioning and shape of the menu key on the tapered part of the phone in the bottom left corner is awkward.- The phone feels a bit slippery as is, however I bought Nokia's silicone cover on Amazon and the cover works very well.NOTE: It takes a little more pressure than usual to get the headphone cable into the jack all the way. I initially thought that the headphones that came with the phone did not work until I realized that I was not pushing them into the jack far enough. You will know they are all the way in if you feel a click. After I did this, they worked fine.In summary, hardware is great and with the Symbian Anna OS, the software is much improved. This phone is like a mini computer - it can do much more than I expected when buying the phone. Overall, I am very satisfied with this phone.