Hello, This is my first review ever, I dont normally do reviews but I am really satisfied with my purchase of this phone. Another thing to keep in mind is that I didn't purchase the item here in Amazon but I have an exact identical item that I purchased in Ebay (It really helps to research things before you buy..ebay just so happen to sell it cheaper). I'll also do an update just incase I found something that's a deal breaker when purchasing the phone. I've had this phone since July 12 so it's only been a few weeks, again this is based in my opinion so here we go..Pros:5.8 inch TFT touch scree display 1280x720- it's a little bigger than the galaxy note 2 and that includes the bulkiness.A7 Quad Core 1.2 GHZ- pretty fast and responsive on apps and games (asphalt 7,dead trigger, etc.).I also tried downloading something at the play store and use the browser at the same time with no issues of slowing down. Antutu benchmark is 12882, not sure if thats an important info to anyone.Android 4.2- Enough said...Supports Java- Not sure if this is important to everyone as well, but to me it is.Dual Camera Front 5.0 MP; Back 12.0 MP- its ok just dont expect like a galaxy type quality.Dual Sim Card (GSM and WCDMA)- this is a great option for folks that love to travel internationaly, All you do is just put another sim card on the slot, have the carrier activate the IMEI on the phone and good to go. Do the same for US phone carriers (ATT/Go phone and TMOBILE) not so sure about straight talk (I haven't tried) just please make sure you dont put a micro sim card in there because first its not going to work and second it'll get stuck and hard to get it out. (the ATT rep did that to my phone and failed to inform me about it) It should be just a regular sim card.Accesories (A rubber case, a flip case, screen protector, 2 batteries, a headphone, usb charger,and usb cable)-- On the listing that I had, it didn't say anything about having cases and when I opened the box, it did 2 of them a flip and a rubber case. Be prepare to buy an extra usb charger, the one that it came with the phone is crappy (maybe since its coming from china the voltage is lower) It doesnt have enough voltage to charge the phone. USB cable is fine and it works, not long enough IMO. Earphones, I didnt use.Applications (apps)- This is compatible with google play store.Documents to Go (app)- This came with the phone so you can have access on microsoft office and adobe. Not sure if you can just donwload this to play store.1 year warranty- always nice to have one specially coming an international and thinking about having it insured.Cons:USB Charger- as I mentioned above, its crappy but Ihad a ton of extra usb charger so its not a problemScreen Protector- whoever installed it didnt know how to. The edges doesnt stick and it seemed to small. Its pretty annoying to me.Battery- the battery drains fast (maybe thats why they give 2 batteries), would've been better if it came with an external charger for the second battery.It's made out of plastic so make sure you have the rubber case or the flip case installed at all time. I preferred the rubber case just incase I drop it. It's also a little heavier than the note 2.3G at best- would've been nice as well of having a 4G. No issues for me since not every place gets 4GPhone signal- its not as strong as I expected but its not weak either...I work in a completely segregated place where the next town is 20m down the road and pretty much in the middle of the woods and still get a signal 1 bar lowest and 3 bars at best.Overall, the Pros weighed more than Cons and there's no major issues (yet! and hopefully none)this phone is not galaxy note2/s3/s4, but its close. It doesnt have the nice features that the galaxy has(swap pictures while touching another s3 or that smart stay) but who really use those kinds of feature on a daily basis? If you're looking for a phone that's close to galaxy note, play games, make calls, texting, check email/facebook, or just like to mess around with your phone. Then this another option. Some people having problems on their phone signals and in my experience for the last 2 weeks, I haven't had any dropped calls and I do lose signal but its due to my location (it's not like its completely gone, it comes back and forth). I actually tried to compare the signal between s3 and this phone. As it turned out they're the same, they both lose signal as well as gaining signal at the same time.Thanks for reading, I hope this makes sense, and I hope this helps someone looking to buy this phone.(expect another update within the next 3 mos. if not then the rating stands as it is)