Worst customer service EVER.  Sub-standard product across the board.  Do not buy this phone; do not deal with this company.  Here is my story so far...:  I am a military operator and have dealt with one issue or other with this phone for 9 straight months.  I ordered this phone for an upcoming deployment.  I received the phone and the battery cover would not seat properly.  I notified Sonim and, after a series of trouble shooting inspections, they agreed to mail out a new cover.  I received the new cover and the cover will still not seat properly.  Sonim had me mail in the phone to their repair shop.  This method alone has caused more of a headache than nearly anything else.  It takes forever.  There is no replacement phone and no other plan; they have you send the phone in for days/weeks/ or, in my case, months due to the return shipment from Sonim "getting lost".  The phone finally gets to me and I find that, again, the cover will not seat properly.  In addition to this, I learned that the phone will not read an SD card.  No SD card would work: 8GB SanDisk, 16GB SanDisk, 32GB SanDisk.  I again contacted Sonim, this time I dealt with "Lorenzo" who was unprofessional, combative, and a complete waste of time.  Instead of addressing my issues; he chose to play investigator and challenge every prior issue I had (which I could prove via back and forth emails with Sonim over my whole deployment).  Instead of resourcing Sonim's own company records; he chose to solicit my emails from me and then cross-examine me on them.  As if I would randomly create a mile-long chain of emails with my secret accomplice that works for Sonim.  Idiot.  After dealing with that guy, I requested a full refund based on the pattern of defects, their frequency, and the substandard customer service.  My request was rejected due to the amount of time elapsed since I bought the phone.  I bought the phone in September of 2012 and I am writing this review on May 2013.  In all that time, I can count on two hands the number of times I have actually gotten to use this phone.  Nearly the entire past 9 months has been consumed with shipping the phone back and forth to the repair shop.  Tomorrow morning, I will put it in the mail again for the SD card defect and the battery cover defect.  This marks the FOURTH time I have had to deal with the battery cover defect alone.  By all reckoning, you could still consider the phone brand new.  You cannot trust the product in the field or on deployment.  You cannot trust the customer service methods and practices to consider your interests.  Do not buy this phone and do not deal with this company.  Having a 3 year warranty is no excuse for having your customers spend that 3 years mailing the phone back and forth to the repair shop.  Here is an excerpt from July 2012 that I found on a website yesterday regarding customers who have bought this phone: "Many of you who sent their phones in for service ended up having them fail multiple times and had the inconvenience and possibly cost of having to send them someplace to get serviced again and again..."  http://www.sonimquest.com/2012_07_01_archive.html