One must know the limits of the LG800G phone or one risks disappointment.  If you are looking for a full-featured smartphone with lots of apps, this is not for you.  However, if you are looking for a great value in a phone that goes beyond the basics, then this may be what you want.I was shopping for an mp3 player to help minimize the crushing boredom of exercise when I stumbled on the LG800G.  For several years I have relied on Tracfone for my mobile communications.  Unlike many people, I spend little time talking on the phone, and keep my cell phone off except when it will serve my interests to have it on.  Pay-as-you-go with Tracfone has offered an economical way to have a cell phone.  I had figured on spending $40 to $50 for a basic mp3 player, so I saw this and figured that for an extra $50 I could get the phone with a year of service and more minutes than I was likely to use in a year, so it seemed like a deal.Of particular interest to me was the potential for going on the internet. I wanted to be able to process credit cards away from my office. I knew that this was not compatible with any of the credit card readers which are available for iphones and android devices, but figured that I could handle credit cards manually through a virtual terminal as I do now. With a fair amount of experimentation, I have been able to do that even though the credit card processor I use is not optimized for mobile devices and the LG800G screen is quite small. It takes about 10 minutes start to finish to log on and enter the charge information, but it is possible.  To accomplish this, I downloaded Opera Mini to use as the browser; it seems to be the best browser compatible with the phone.The camera is marginal, but better than nothing.  Do not buy this for the claimed ability to record video.The mp3 function is, I suppose, what one would expect from a cheap mp3 player. The sound quality is not great, but is that due to the phone or the bargain price ear buds I'm using (Panasonic RPHJE120)? Probably a combination.Documentation for this phone is poor. Plan on spending time online searching for answers to basic questions, such as the details how to add a memory card (you must carefully pry up a latch on an open space next to the sim card). And speaking of memory, it is limited to 4GB; a good deal on one of these is the Sandisk 4GB MicroSDHC.Activation online was easy--less than 5 minutes. The seller provided good instructions to activate with the year of service and triple minutes.Within 5 minutes of activating service I started receiving spam text messages, and was swamped with these. In the process of deleting these I inadvertently opened some, resulting in the loss of several minutes of pre-paid time. I called Tracfone and was issued a new phone number which, so far, is not on the spammers screens. Dealing with Tracfone customer service was frustrating as has become typical of all companies which have sent this important function overseas; people who speak limited English and are required to stick to written scripts may be cheap for Tracfone, but do not engender customer loyalty.The on/off button is designed to ensure you will not accidentally turn the phone on or off. However, it takes a real effort to hit the button just right with enough force, so you may think you turned it off only to find that it remained on and the battery needs to be recharged before you can use it.If you need to be constantly online or speaking on the phone, the Tracfone concept probably will not be right for you. If you need to handle lots of credit card transactions over a cell phone you probably should get an iphone or android a device and a card reader. But if you will infrequently process a credit card payment and will not be spending a lot of time talking or using the phone to go online, this gives you an opportunity to have a phone for a year at a cost comparable to what many people spend for one month of cell phone service.It is tempting to give this a score of 3 rather than the 4 I awarded. So many of the features are weak when compared to smartphones. But for those whose needs are met by a half-wit phone this gives great value. If you can live with the limitations, buy it.