Obtained this phone as a stop gap phone until a more capable Smartphone arrived. At first glance the phone gives a definite nod to the layout and style of Blackberry phones. The device fits perfect in my pocket but the screen could have benefited from a protector as I soon accumulated some minute scratches on the screen. The face of the phone sports a chrome accent going around the edges. The SIM card slot is located underneath the battery or rather to the side but requires removal of the battery. Popping your AT&T; SIM into the marked slot feels a bit odd since there was little to no resistance. The back cover snaps back into place, the rubberized textured backing is pleasing.A circular wheel provides most of the menu navigation but like most of these phone it will use the two select buttons at "decision point" moments. Other external features like the keyboard are fun type though I often had to rekey words with repeat characters (like "door") since the default input schema will cycle through an alternate keyboard when you type the same letter twice (so door become "d" UMLAUT "r" for instance). I also found that I had to hold the shift or FN function key at the same time to access the upper case or orange screen printed alternate keys and so instead of one hand typing I had to interrupt the flow to make sure the right key combination was pressed. In password parts of the web-browser a letter shows briefly before becoming an asterisk but when Shift-Key entries are inputted they become asterisks without displaying. I could be missing something here but I found that part particularly annoying.The built-in software on the phone is meant to monetize every aspect of what is a normal feature of most smartphones: listen to music on the internet? Monthly charge. Use GPS and maps to find a street? Monthly charge. Play games? You guessed it, a monthly charge option (uh?) next to the buy game option at the ATT Store on the phone. The free apps are few and far between - a Facebook Twitter was already loaded on the phone. Trial versions of games are available.The web browser is workable and defaults to AT&T; branded page with customizable page elements, a feature of ATT.NET that I couldn't get working. Accessing advanced features or settings is a bit awkward. I went to opera.com which detected correctly my Pantech P7040p phone and suggested the compatible version of Opera's web browser. I soon loaded the Opera mini 4.4 browser after acknowledging several security prompts. Once loaded Opera apparently will keep triggering a "feature" of this phone: network access by the Opera applet must be specifically allowed each time. So a better browser but with incessant prompts the equivalent of "Press OK to continue".The mail features of the phone include built in understanding of several webmail providers (AOL, Windows Live Hotmail, Yahoo for instance). I suppose I should not have been surprised at the lack of Exchange or corporate email connectivity. That would have required a remote wipe security ability that this consumer only device was unlikely to implement. Still would have been nice. Outlook Web Access is the only way for right now.Overall a capable if limited phone that is fun to use!