Throughout my experience of buying increasingly modern phones, I have noticed the best ones have very intuitive features--that is, even without a manual you can typically figure out its features with a little trial and error hunt and peck.The Samsung T528G is not in this category.The touchscreen is tempermental, sometimes giving you what you want, sometimes not responding, sometimes giving you some other function.  Similar reaction with the keypad.  Try texting letters in, and it will sometimes type in letters not even remotely close to the one you are pressing.It will call what seems to be random number...it won't even necessarily be the last number you dialed.  It deletes random phone numbers.As I purchased it part of a StraightTalk plan, I'm not sure if it has it's own e-mail address (my past two phones, did).  In the process of trying to find out, I connected to my hotmail account. That would be pretty cool, except now I can't get it to disconnect, and every few hours it will vibrate as it receives a message.A very strange peculiarity--my previous 5-year-old phone had the capacity of 300 phone numbers, that could then be divided into 20 categories. This phone supposedly can store around 2000 numbers--but with only 10 categories.The address book has the ability to create birthdays, but then those birthdays don't link to the calendar.  And if you want to create a birthday without an address entry, it won't let you enter a birth year beyond a certain point--and a fairly recent certain point, at that.Another peculiarity--part of the reason I was getting a new phone is that the charge on my old phone wouldn't last 7 minutes once I started talking on it.  However, in a passive state, with just checking time every few hours, it would still hold its charge for two days.  When it was brand new, it would hold the charge for over 3 days. With the T528G, I haven't stayed on the phone long enough to outlast it's charge, but it will run out of power in its passive state in less than 1 day.I was thinking of passing this phone on to my daughter and getting myself a more intuitive one, thinking maybe I just wasn't keeping up with the technology, but then I come here and see the other reviews and realize, wow, no, it's just a crappy phone.  I'm hoping to find my receipt and trade this one in, otherwise I'm thinking I'll have to take a loss.As an additional site, on Samsung's own website, the product only gets 3 of 5 stars.I probably should have checked the reviews before buying the product.(For example, just now, sitting in my loose t-shirt pocket, it went from the home desktop screen to the calendar screen.)I've had the phone for less than 3 weeks, and I've already grouped up more complaints than praises about this phone.  One way or the other, I'm going to find a different product.  The service provider (StraightTalk) doesn't seem to have anything to do with the quality of the product one way or the other, so this is strictly a review of the Samsung T5288G and not StraightTalk (except for them offering such a crappy product at such a relatively high price).