Updated: Got a different phone recently and it didn't have the battery cover wobble I had with my first phone. I decided to keep this phone as a keepsake as it could be the best of last phones without touch screen.This review is very hard for me as I lovED the phone so much for so many things  but there are few things that really ticked me off for making me hate the phone I love so much. Sounds complicated? Well, first let me tell why I returned the phone.Reasons I returned the phone:1. Battery cover doesn't feel solid when you hold the phone and press keys. You will feel your hand pressure slightly pressing the battery cover that causes movement. This got very irritating for me as this is otherwise an excellently built phone that looks super sexy. First I thought it could be with my phone. But the replacement phone had the exact same problem. Then I went to couple of Sony Style stores and noticed one store phone didn't have problem but another one had. So, looks like some lucky buyers may get a good one but not sure how long that will feel firm if you keep opening and closing the phone. I do that quite often to change SIM cards.2. Fonts are too big for beautiful display with 2.6" screen. Where were SE developers thinking? For example, the contacts screen shows only 6 contacts at once. With a slightly smaller fonts it would have displayed 8 contacts quite easily. They should have had a settings to choose small, medium, and large fonts and the current fonts should fall in X-large fonts.3. Kick stand. What a joke! The phone would have felt better if they left this completely or designed it in a way for users to remove it if they don't need it. You have to place phone in your shirt pocket with screen facing front or the kick stand would pop out easily. Another silly design by their engineers.4. 256-K colors. What are you thinking SE? When will you catch up with others here?Good things about the phone:If you already are familiar with Sony ericsson phones they have the best OS among non-smartphones. Frankly, they have many features better done than many smartphones including iPhone. First, the one's common to all new Sony Ericsson phones.Some of the cool things found in SE feature phones:Smart Dialing, ease of sending SMS, MMS, emails to a contact and the interface of MMS is super cool. I think they have the best implementation for MMS among all phones, FM radio, Accelerometer, Exchange ActiveSync (office outlook emails and calendar syncing and also to sync your google contacts and calendar with Push) and Call logs. With SE phones when in call logs you can select "Open" and it brings up all other contact information for that person like other numbers, email, etc. So, you can easily call that person at his other numbers or just send SMS, MMS, or email from logs. Also, D-pad arrow buttons can be used to create shortcuts (4 applications) to your favorite applications. This is one of my favorite feature in SE phones along with call logs and smart dialing as I hardly have more than 4 apps I like to use on a phone.When it comes to apps for the phone, there are plenty to feed your needs. Check out getjar.com or even  browse Sony Ericsson site from the native browser in the phone and you will see several free apps you can download. If you change the Location of the country in the sony ericsson site while browsing you will find more free apps as Sony seems to provide few different applications for different countries. Also, if you google you will find lot of Free Themes for the phone that will let you customize the look of the menus and standby screen.Some specialties with W995:1. In spite of the problems with the kickstand and the battery cover, the phone feels like a tank and it's sure to 'WOW WOW' your friends. One work around to fix the battery cover issue is to fold a small piece of paper and place it above the battery to stop the movement on the cover. Kickstand? Glue the stupid thing if you think you will never use it.2. Display looks super bright and clear even in sunlight.3. Walkman sound quality is simply amazing. I thought it sounded as good as Zune which I thought sounds way better than iPhone.4. It will be a joke if I mention having 3.5 mm audio jack is a plus with this phone. But, Sony finally did it. Good job there.5. WiFi, GPS, 3G on AT&T; all work like a charm.Some of my favorite FREE apps:Gmail, Google maps, Shozu, GetJar, TruTap, Fringe, Comeks, Opera Mini (of course), Blogger, TrackID.Even though I returned the phone I still am addicted to Sony Ericsson phones for their well thought out software for making calls and sending messages. Unfortunately, most of their recent phones have severe build quality issues. Most of them with the slider design or the battery covers. Still, I sometimes feel like buying W995a and deal with the problems it has as the goodness of the phone over shadows the problems. Moreover, there really is no perfect phone out there. At least for me :-(. Well, I even sold my iPhone after few months of use as I thought it feels too wide, battery doesn't last a full-day, and making calls is not as convenient as it's on Sony phones, or Windows Mobile phones, or Blackberries.The current $399.99 price on Amazon is tempting but I will try hard to resist until Xperia X2 gets announced this week.