This is one of my least favorite phones I've had. I freely admit I haven't learned all its tricks, mostly because it has some serious flaws and I use it as little as possible. I call it my fakeBerry, but a number of other things are fake beyond the Blackberry style. (I use this phone on the Net10 system, not Tracfone.)Number one reason I'm ditching the phone is the awkward voice dialing, because first and foremost I need reliable Bluetooth/hands free calling. The phone often has a hard time finding names in the contacts, despite that fact that I re-engineered many in an attempt to make them as unique as possible. It also has the most arcane way of distinguishing different phones for the same contact. It's not "Jack mobile", it's "Jack private mobile 1", where private is pronouced "preeVAYT" (rhymes with hate!). "Jack business" becomes "Jack landline business 1". Even if I remember this completely bizarre syntax, I will occasionally be informed "No Jack landline business 4 found", or something equally preposterous, as if I actually had four entries for Jack's landline business numbers. The system is laughably called "Nuance".If this voice dialing nightmare weren't enough of a deal-breaker, there are a number of other "features" I could do without:1) As others have noted, the cramped keyboard makes it really easy to insert periods into sentences when texting. As in. every other. word. This is a major pain. Compared to a smartphone (which is perhaps unfair), it's hard to manage the ALT key to get alternative characters. I now understand why so many texts have no punctuation, because it's really hard to see what symbols (', ! ?) are where, especially if you've lost your fine eyesight!2) The WiFi connection was easy to set up, but when I saw the browser, it's a serious "why bother?" Tiny screen, not user friendly. Can't even imagine what it would be like to see emails on this sucker.3) AT&T; service is inferior to Verizon in my area (southwest CT) - and this phone was partially to test how that would work out. I now know. I was in Asheville NC for a week and the battery drained itself twice with literally no use as the phone tried helplessly to get a signal. People with contract AT&T; had not much better luck, so I know it wasn't Net10's (or the phone's) fault.4) Phone does not always display when I have a voicemail. Not sure if this is Net10's fault or the phone's. It seems to display properly when I have a text, but not always a voicemail.5) The status icons are small and very hard to decipher. Kind of like dense Chinese characters, there is something oddly boxy about their rendering. I suppose I'd get used to them over time, but other phones I've owned have had much more intuitively obvious and more legible pictograms.6) Even with a good signal, battery life it rather poor, and I'm barely using the phone at all. It's also not very good at signalling when it's low - I've actually put the phone down with what seems to be two bars and come back a few hours later to find it dead. I've conditioned the battery as with all my cell phones, but it doesn't seem to have helped. Oddly, the battery indicator is opposite to most I've seen: instead of showing a solid battery that gets "hollow" as is discharges, the full battery has a series of bars {||| and then turns solid as it gets lower.Otherwise... I guess if you were giving this phone to a kid who didn't care about voice dialing and punctuation, it certainly looks sleeker than your typical slider. (Although honestly, a slider is a lot easier for texting.) The center button is rather touchy - it sort of functions like a joystick you use as a cursor in menus. I find myself overshooting things I'm trying to select because it is so sensitive. The phone was fairly easy to set up and most things seem fairly intuitive. For those who are interested, you can add your own ringtones to the phone free (except for airtime) by having someone send you a text with the ringtone attached. You then have the option of saving it as a ringtone. This burns up more than two minutes of airtime and takes some time (it's kind of a two-stage operation, and you get charged twice, once when you get the "header" info for the text, and once when the "data" comes through), but it's still cheaper than buying them.I'll keep this as a spare or a temp phone if I have to travel where AT&T; is better than Verizon, but for now I'm replacing it with a Verizon compatible phone.