I recently got one of these on sale for my wife. I've been using the Virgin Galaxy S3 for a while now, but that one's a bit too big for her tastes. We've thus transitioned from Virgin's HTC lineup to their Samsung line (previously having used the EVO V and One V respectively). In a nutshell, the Victory is the closest thing to the S3 that isn't as big or expensive. It is a strong compromise of relevant features and budget pricing.Some nice hardware features are a dedicated camera button and external micro-SD slot. On the S3 and EVO V, you need to remove the battery to take out the card; the Victory's side mounted slot is a lot more convenient. The Victory uses the exact same 2100 mAh battery as the S3, which gives it even longer battery life and also means you can use batteries interchangeably. It shares a lot of other features with the S3, including S-beam and NFC/Google Wallet, Android 4.1, 4G LTE, and the Samsung UI. I'm not a fan of all of Samsung's apps, but they do generally work well, and it's easy to install alternatives if you desire. It has enough CPU power and RAM to smoothly navigate menus and run apps.Downsides versus the S3 are a weaker rear camera and limited USB on-the-go support. I tried hooking up a few things that work on my S3, but the Victory seems to either need external power or simply lacks driver support for things like USB thumb drives. It does recognize that a USB device has been connected, but it fails to mount anything. As for the camera, it's both lower quality and a lot slower than the S3- it's comparable in quality and speed to the EVO V's. That isn't to say it's bad, but it simply isn't exceptional like the S3's. The Galaxy Victory also has considerably less onboard storage- 4 GB vs 16 GB, and with installed OS/apps only about 1.7 GB available. This is probably not an issue unless you're a gamer- if you are you probably should get the S3 if at all possible instead, as it's also a lot more powerful and has a larger screen. That said, the Victory's screen is smaller and not as high res, though the difference isn't hugely obvious. The Victory also lacks the S3's motion controls and special features like eye detection, though I've found most of those are more for fun than any real utility.Form-factor wise, the Victory is good. It's closest in dimensions to the EVO V- the same width and thickness but slightly shorter. Compared to the S3 it's about a half inch less in width, slightly thicker but lighter and nearly an inch shorter. The bottom part of the phone has a slightly raised lip in the rear that affords some grip. You'll probably want a case on this one though, as it does tend to be a bit slippery.The phone's screen is bright enough to be easily visible in most conditions and call quality is good. In areas with LTE coverage the network is very fast- a sight better than 3G or even the spotty WiMax that some like the EVO V use. The softkeys are touch-sensitive portions on the lower edge of the phone that light up and have raised symbols. However, unlike the S3 the home button is not a physical key and can't be used to wake up the device- you have to use the power button, which is located on the top right edge. It has physical volume keys and the battery back panel is a flush snap-on plastic piece.Overall, this is a good alternative to the Galaxy S3 if you don't have the budget for one and don't particularly care about downloading huge apps like games. It's of course not as good as the S3 in terms of hardware and functionality, but it's really not bad either- especially considering how much cheaper it is (at this writing, less than half the cost). It's also a lot more compact and comfortable for smaller hands. Bang for buck, it's definitely the better deal of the two and probably a better choice unless you absolutely must have a device with top performance and feature set.