I just bought this phone a couple days ago.Comparing N8 photos vs iPhone photos:  - iPhone screen is 960x640, while N8 screen is 360x640.  - A picture when enlarged will look more blurry on the N8, compared with the same picture enlarged on the iPhone.  - This doesn't mean the N8 camera takes blurry pictures.  - This means the screen resolution is better on iPhone  - This means the camera is better on N8.The bad quality UI complaints are mostly due to the 3rd party widgets included from YouTube, CNN, BBC, National Geographic, Paramount movie previews.My phone crashed (UI got stuck) due to some third party app, and I tried to remove the battery (as with most other phones) but couldn't.I realized I did not need to remove the battery...just press the power button for 5-8 seconds and the phone will reboot.BTW, if you'd ever need to replace the battery yourself, just use a small "allen key" type screwdriver.The Nokia N8 multiple home screens are a great way to organize yourself and reduce phone screen clutter.If you need a portrait mode qwerty keyboard, swype or dayhand maybe interesting options for you.I personally need a qwerty keyboard in portrait mode.Keep in mind that qwerty keyboard is just a burden for most people (esp. older people in Asia).Such people will be content with just reading messages, sending a few "very short" messages with the T9 keypad...while making a lot of calls and taking a lot of pictures anytime anywhere.Among the things I love about this phone:1. N8 is able to play all sorts of vdo file formats.2. Camera gives you 12MP pictures, and HD video! Just make sure to peel the plastic off the lens on the back.3. Connectivity cables included (usb to thumb drive, usb to pc/mac, hdmi to tv is flawless)4. Multi-tasking5. Long battery life6. Internet, Email, or Web Connectivity can be set to be via "WLAN only" or "WLAN preferred" or "3G only", etc.  You can minimise mobile operator fees as you like.7. Combine Push Email with your choice of network connectivity via WLAN and you start to save money with the lower phone bill.This is my opinion on the iPhone vs N8 issue...  - US journalists/bloggers who write N8 reviews are mostly new to Nokia/Symbian.  So they will only "evaluate" their comfort level with the N8...for just a couple of days.  They admit (very briefly) that "I'm an iPhone user, I tried to use N8 for x days", before they start hammering the N8.  - N8 gives you the gear to lower your phone bill  - Hackers have traditionally been about lowering their AT&T; phone bills. Many in Silicon Valley, including Steve Jobs, grew up with this mentality. Nokia probably realize this and gives you a choice...the press is not giving Nokia the credit for giving you the freedom.  - Nokia N8 robust hardware will still be handy after many years of use and software updates.Part of the "UI problem" is due to the less tightly structured Symbian UI development kit, by allowing 3rd party developers the freedom to create their own look and feel.So each app on Symbian can have a different UI structure and user's experience may not very be consistent across different apps even though they are using the same device (N8).The less tight structure of Symbian APIs has proved to be a strength as Symbian has evolved to support a much larger variety of hardware types with different phone form factors:- some touch screen- some T9 keypad- some qwerty keypadNokia, as a leading phone manufacturer, offers a larger choice of phone form factors for a larger customer base...that's the reason Nokia is a leading phone manufacturer.Each form factor will be preferred by different types of users, since there is a much wider consumer base.Many business users will prefer a qwerty keyboard.Many users will prefer a T9 keypad and find the qwerty keyboard a distraction with too many buttons...for example, they usually do not do a lot of texting or type on a computer keyboard.Many people like the "feel" of a touch UI...but that also means that each app is more likely to have "touch buttons" on a different location of the screen.That means touch UI phones require the users to "look before you touch".That means with the keyboard or keypad, users can "feel" as they "touch" the phone buttons without looking.