Despite reading a number of awful reviews on the web about Net10 and their parent company TracFone, my son-in-law has a NET10 account and hasn't had any major problems, so I decided to give it a try too.I received my LG Optimus Q directly from Net10 and was able to get it working fine for a few hours. The LG Optimus Q (sometimes also called the Optimus Slider) is a good phone, works good. However I discovered that Net10 assigned me a phone number in the wrong area code (they use your postal zip code to determine what area code to assign, a mistake since many postal zip codes contain several area codes). It took a while to get through to their customer support, but when I did, the person who spoke only broken English seemed very helpful and polite and I assumed that the assignment of a new number would go fine. I WAS GREATLY MISTAKEN. After the call, the phone immediately stopped working, and I never could get it working again.All attempts to get a signal again in the area of the new assigned number, failed. I even went and sat beneath one of the cell towers in the revised area code, to be sure it was connecting with the right zone... but no luck. After making repeated calls (you get either busy signals or they place you on hold for extended periods) and sending several emails, I finally got through to a tech (another one who could barely speak English), followed her recommendations exactly... nothing worked. I tried calling and emailing them again... and finally an obviously irritated tech returned my call (this one spoke the worst English of any of them), who basically repeated the steps I had already followed through with... which I repeated, and which failed as well.Since I am an IT manager and also have a communications degree, I assumed that I could patiently slog my way through their struggling technical support efforts... and help them to assist me... but to no avail. After wasting many days with this nonsense, I called and emailed again to request a refund and to return the phone. After repeated efforts, I finally got a refund for the phone... but they would not refund the one month's airtime, which was an outrage considering that I received no usage from it.As far as I can tell, none of their customer support reps (that I spoke with) can communicate clearly in English... but neither are they sufficiently skilled with either the technology or the particular phones to assist customers. Worst of all, the company's final solution for dissatisfaction is to wear the customer down until he or she gives up.In my many years of dealing with all sorts of customer and technical support issues, this is the absolute worst I've ever experienced. If, like my son-in-law, you are able to get the phone working immediately and have no need to contact their technical support... you are one of the lucky ones, and will probably be able to survive their service.However if you have any need that will require you to contact customer service, you would be better off to throw the phone in the trash and bang your head against the wall until you come to your senses... then go out and spent mucho bucks to secure services with a legitimate phone company such as Verizon, with whom I've been a customer for 20+ years. I despise the arrogance of their prices, but no one can argue with their service.