I have been a Virgin Mobile customer since they first started as a prepaid cell phone provider. I have been quite pleased with their service and variety of pricing plans. Unfortunately Virgin Mobile phones have never been the greatest, the only good thing is that if you buy a cheap phone, you don't feel to badly when it dies,gets lost, or broken. When my VM Slash phone finally gave up the ghost a few weeks ago I decided it was time for another upgrade. After doing a lot of research on the internet I decided to go with the Mantra. I like being back to a flip phone so you don't have to worry about locking the keyboard so you don't pocket dial. The phone it'self is still pretty basic, it comes with the nifty tip calculator which lets you divide the cost between the number of parties at your table. Call clarity is good. Reception is the typical Virgin Mobile, works in most places when I need it, but spotty sometimes in the more rural areas. The ring tones that come with the phone are typical Virgin Mobile, obnoxious...you will want to download some better ones which you can only do from the VM site. The games on the phone are all demos, but they look good on the screen so it might be nice to have a full version of Tetris which you can download from VM.It is Bluetooth enabled which is a nice feature to have on a phone. The battery seems to hold a good charge for daily use, I can go 3 to 4 days without charging, but that is in standby mode, I am not sure how long it would last if you were a heavy user. The phone is very well behaved, I say this because my Slash would beep once a minute to let me know it was working (I guess that's why), anytime I had the ringer turned on. I never did figure out how to turn off the signal beep on it. The Mantra doesn't beep and also on the Mantra you can turn off the obnoxious start up and shut down sounds that VM deems necessary to put on all of their low end phones. The directory will support up to 500 entries and you can add up to 5 phone numbers per entry along with 2 email addresses and a URL address.The camera is useable, not great but much better pictures than the Slash took. Basically I use it only to create new wallpapers for the phone and send an occasional pic to TwitpicSo far I am very pleased with the new Mantra, it's a good basic phone, not a lot of bells and whistles, but enough to make it very user friendly. Nice calendar and appointment scheduling, cool countdown timers so you can tell how many days till your anniversary, birthday, Christmas or any other date you might want to countdown to.Watch for it on sale, Amazon had it listed for $59 same as the VM site... I bought it on sale at Best Buy for $49, and on Black Friday picked up a second one for my wife at Radio Shack for $29.I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for a nice basic user friendly phone with picture and texting capabilities. It will browse the web also by the way, but you need to pay for a "data pack" at VM to use it. That I haven't tried.