I use my phone for 1-2 hours of phone calls, an hour of email, and maybe a little web and gps thrown in. I charge it every other day. Things that I like are the basic design, sturdiness and quality.  Call reception is excellent.  I previously had two Samsungs, and always had numerous dropped calls each day.  Reliability of radio service is much better now, which is saying a great deal considering I use the least reliable network (begins with "A").  It comes with a wired headset and I actually prefer that to my bluetooth earpiece.  Sound quality is important.  The speakerphone works but isn't loud enough in my car or outside.The keyboard is a little cramped and takes getting used to.  The dictionary works great and mostly predicts what I am trying to type.  You can add any word to the dictionary easily as you type.  I have g-mail and I found both the Nokia mail app and g-mail's own app disappointing.  The Nokia app doesn't display html messages without opening a separate browser--not good if you want to quickly scan through messages.  The g-mail app opens .pdf files within its program, but loses document formatting.  You cannot choose to open an attachment with a program of your own choosing (sounds like the Microsoft strategy is growing within the g-camp).  I found "Profimail" which works great for me.  It works more like a true desktop mail client and can update your IMAP folders so you can carry all your important messages with you.  You can download attachments to any location and open them with the application of your own choosing (like Acrobat Reader).  The mail client meshes well with the Nokia address book.  It is totally software worth trying.  I purchased it after only a couple of days of trying it out.There's another default screen app called "Active Notes", which I thought would make saving documents a snap, but I was again disappointed.  Sometimes I edit emails for people.  I copy emails, paste and create a document, edit and then send the edited document back as an attachment that can be copied and pasted into a new email.  I tried using Active Notes and it would only attach as a .zip file.  I replaced the Active Notes icon with Quick Office, which works well and saves text documents as .txt and .doc.For gps and maps, I use Google maps for Symbian.  The gps works quickly and accurately.  I'm a guy and wouldn't use turn-by-turn directions even if they were erotically whispered into my ear.  I just want to find my location and look at a map.  While house-hunting recently, I used it to look at the satellite views too.  I recommend Google maps and it's free.The browser mostly works well, and I salute any browser that can display modern web pages on a 240x320 pixel screen.  I tried Opera Mini, but didn't see anything better, so I just use the Nokia included browser.  Speaking of internet, I also use my phone with the included USB cable as a tethered modem.  The Nokia PC Suite of software makes that pretty effortless.  Too bad the USB cable doesn't also charge the battery.  I purchased a separate USB charging cable that adapts to the charging connector on the phone.There are a few little irritating quirks i found.  You can briefly push the power button to switch to different modes, like "Silent".  Unfortunately the default setting on Silent mode is to not alert or even vibrate upon receiving a call.  I missed a whole days worth of phone calls because of that one.  I later edited the Silent mode to include a vibrating alert.  That seemed a little lame to me.When the phone drops into the standby screen it displays the time without the backlite.  When you press the home key, the menu displays and when you press the menu key, the home screen displays--Totally backwards.The mute button is right between the volume keys and you can easily mute your own voice while trying to adjust the earpiece volume if you are not careful.The menus are confusing and completely non-intuitive.  Trying to find out how to change something like a hot-key can take a lot of trial and error.  An update to the Symbian OS is going to be necessary to keep Nokia competitive.The best case I found is from Beyzacases.  They are a Turkish company that makes fine leather cases.  I received mine within 3 days of ordering from them.Lastly, the fact that it is unlocked (but works best on US ATT networks) is the best feature of all.  You will pay half what you would pay for data if you buy a subsidized phone with a contract agreement.  When you remain out of contract your carrier's CSRs will treat you with more respect and care.