I purchased this phone because I had a pay-per-minute plan with a different provider that was always a great deal, until I moved and I was spending 5-7 times more than I normally would for minutes. I needed to be able to make important phone calls and stay in touch with friends, so I needed a phone with a "plan" that would give me unlimited minutes at a reasonable price, since I'm on a tight budget. I know most people buy smartphones for their internet, photo, and other capabilities, and I enjoy those features too. But the main thing I needed with this phone was unlimited minutes and good quality calls with strong reception. I can say that after nearly a month with the phone, I am very satisfied with the quality of the calls I've made. I'm in Charleston, SC, which is certainly not a bustling metropolis like New York or L.A. Once I get about 20 miles outside of the city, reception can be spotty at times, but where I live the reception is great. My brother has a Virgin mobile device that he uses in the Boston area, and he says he's never run into any issues with reception. As far as the One V phone itself is concerned, it feels like a quality device. The weight of it seems just right, and the construction feels strong. I've barely read the manual, and have been able to figure out mostly everything on my own up to this point, so it is definitely user friendly. Some people have made comments previously about calls or texts not going through while the wifi is enabled. I haven't encountered that problem, though I've only sent a few texts and made a few calls while it was turned on. I usually turn it off to conserve power. Which brings me to battery life. Again, this is something that has been discussed quite a bit by others, so I won't go too in depth. However, I read someones comment about the phone "figuring out" what your trends for usage are like, and adapting to it over time to optimize battery life. I thought this seemed like a bit of a stretch, but after a few weeks of use, it became apparent that the phone had definitely figured me out so to say. When I went to charge my phone the other day, I checked the battery usage stats, and it had been well over 4 days on the battery since the previous charge! I turn my phone off at night, so that's 6-8 hours a day that it's not on. But still, the battery life is actually quite good, and for people that use the phone more heavily than I, you should be able to make it through a full day without the battery dying. Overall, this phone is a great device and is fun to use. I don't see why the majority of people would "need" more than what this phone offers as far as performance and capabilities. The next HTC model up is almost another $100, and I can't image it's much (if at all) better. Save your money with this phone and spend it on something else interesting here on Amazon.