It took me like six months to decide wether buying this phone or an iPod touch. Why these two items and what they have in common you may ask? Well, the answer is because I use VoIP phones like a Skype number. Since 2008 I quit paying mobile companies for services I can get online technically for free. Internet connection with caps? No way. I go WIFI. Unlimited calls for 39$ when I can pay 2.99$ to Skype and have the same service? No way. Skype, I'm yours. However, from time to time I need a mobile to connect myself when I'm abroad and on the go. That's why I had a sweet Motorola flip phone in case I need to do an emergency call outside the WIFI coverage areas. I used to have an iPhone, and before that a Blackberry. I got frustrated with the lack of apps for BB so I went iPhone. Bad mistake. I have a Macbook. Love my iPod 80gb and all mac peripherals are great. But the iPhone is just a scam. Paying 2000$ for an iPod Touch with extra connectivity is utter nonsense. Same with any other mobile. I went completely out of the telecom networks after I finished my two year contract and couldn't unlock my iPhone. Sold that crap. It was enough for me. You think paying 90$ per month for connectivity is a great deal, but why to pay for something that you already have 8 hours inside your office (phone/internet connection)? 1/3 of your consumption time is wasted. There goes 30$. Just burned. That's 720$ during your contract time. Then consider your sleeping time. Let's say 6 hours daily that your phone is idle unless someone is having an emergency or you're having a bf/gf with some issues that can't wait till morning. So considering that, we're talking 25% more connectivity wasted. That's like 500$ more in those two years of contract. 500$ more just burned. And then you have like 10 more hours that you can technically use the mobile services. That's your spare time. Your commuting time. Your lunch time. So, technically you're paying 780.00 in two years for the option of having something to do with your hands on your free time. I think there're better ways to use that time rather than using the mobile. All that money burned can pay your debts or can give you an excellent set of vacations that are going to last more in your memories than the cool smartphone in your pocket.Don't get me wrong. I'm not a grandpa patronizing or trying to give a lecture about the separation of Technology and Men. I'm 32 years old. I grew up with all the technology and its hype. My first job was in a tech startup. I just got burned out with all this tech madness and decided to unplug. However you can't unplug completely even if you want to.That's why I decided to go for the Nokia 808. I wanted something that can keep me online if I need to, to have the freedom to use the device in any country I may roam around the globe, the best native apps for your daily needs (Nokia Maps - offline!!! That is just unbeatable, Nokia Public Transport, Nokia Drive, City Lens, Nokia Music - unlimited downloads!!! C'mon! that's more than the value of the phone if you'd use iTunes or Google Play), an effective email client almost as good as the Blackberry Mail, Nokia Messages (just like BB), and then the vast majority of the useful apps are available - mostly for productivity. That makes this device a no brainer.And beyond all of the things mentioned before lies the 41mp PureView camera that is just insane. It's a pleasure to use that camera. It goes beyond whatever you could have used before (except for a DSLR but c'mon! you can never be serious comparing both - although I saw one blog post where the analysis pointed out similar results between the 808 and the Canon 60D, so there you go). What Nokia has just achieved with the 808 is just pure magic.And I have enough balls to paraphrase Steve Jobs when he introduced the iPhone saying that:The 808 PureView is an Unlocked Phone, a Media Player, a DSLR camera, a GPS, and a Productivity Tool all in one device.What you won't get is all those hip apps that appear everyday. Same happens most of the time with Android and WP8. How to solve this problem? Motivating the Symbian Dev Community to develop alternatives to connect to those apps. There must be easily at least 100 million Symbian devices being used everyday all around the globe. That is a market big enough to deal with the developers to create alternatives in a Kickstarteresque scheme. We ask them to do the app alternative, they develop it, we pay. Plain and simple. Profitable for everyone. It's all about community building.What about games? There's a version of almost every single popular game for Symbian too. And furthermore, there're emulators for every single game platform to get sick gaming.Conclusion:If you want the best unlocked phone that can give you the best experience (photo + music + localization tools) technically for free, this phone must be your choice.If you want a hip phone with access to the latest hipster apps, go iPhone or Android if you're more geeky.The 808 is not for everyone, but it's definitely for anyone who wants freedom, flexibility and the best tools included for the price.This phone worths every single penny of its price.