Now this is a difficult review in that the phone has serious strengths and weaknesses.  In order for a phone to be a first class communication device, it must be joined by both performance, reliability, but most importantly usability.  I believe that this phone would be an outstanding smart phone anywhere around the world, minus the U.S.  I believe that Apple, Google, and even Windows Phone 7 has way surpassed Nokia Symbian^3 in UI.  That being said I'd like to offer up my viewpoints of the N8 having come from Iphone 4.PROs1. Hardware built quality, reliability, reception performance, call quality, speaker phone, noise cancellation, battery life are all something that comes to mind immediately2. Overall build quality is exceptional, unlike Samsung, LGs of the world, this phone is built to last.  Even HTC does not measure up in terms of quality build.3. AMOLED screen is nice and bright, color contrast is pretty good, minus the resolution4. Reception and call quality is great, coming from the Iphone4, the N8 is a God send. I no longer have dropped calls, callers can hear me, and I can actually use the speaker phone function and have no issues with callers not being able to hear me.  The Iphone had a major problem in this area in that it can't reliabily connect to a bluetooth headset, or use the speaker phone without your voice breaking up or the callers.  Bluetooth connected on the N8 without incident.5. Noise cancellation is an area that I think Nokia has perfected, I get better noise cancellation with Nokia period than any other I've tried, ie iphone4, HTC, LG or Samsung.6. battery life for a smart phone is surprising good.  Unlike my iphone 4 or HTC having to charge constantly7. if you are a world traveller, you will appreciate the Nokia maps.  It allows you to travel the world and have navigation map capabilities withou wifi. I mean anywhere Nokia has a map for that country.  It is also nice that domestically when you travel to an area without wifi or cell signal, I can still find my way around with Nokia maps, unlike google maps or Microsoft bing maps will stop functioning or provide directions.CONs1. Small screen @ 3.5 inch. spec wise the same as Iphone4, but in reality smaller.2. Low, inadequate resolution @640x360, in today's market, it's a joke.3. The UI on Symbian^3 is just not right for the US market.  We live in a society where we are only concerned about having, and not about conserving.  Nokia really lost out in this market.  I can understand why Nokia is strong elsewhere, but have absolutely been drowned out here in the US.  I'm not so sure that Windows Phone 7 or 8 can change that because they will now also be restricted by the same software heavy, resource intensive burden everyone else has to deal with, and that is more cpu power=lower battery life.4. web browser is not the greatest, it is spotty and doesn't allow for decent browsing, even with Opera, it's still why behind the web experience of an Iphone45. A serious lack of main stream application support by US companies, I can't even get Pandora, or speedtest for symbian.  Of course Google maps is only half functioning on Symbian^3.  So don't expect a great many useful apps for Symbian^3.  Nokia has completely lost sight at the wheel on this.6. Processor speed at 680Mhz ARM 11 is simply not speedy.  It gets the job done, but come on... a faster processor would help a lot.7. Nokia has tray away from their core and has made a phone that just takes too many step just to make a call.  they took out the hard call button that worked real well.  A number shows up on screen, click call, that's it.  Now instead, you have to push one button to retrieve one number than click on the number then you can call.  That also holds true with many other parts of the Nokia Symbian^3 os.  boy, they definitely need help there.I'm sorry but the reason we have such crap products these days is that all companies are trying to do is compete on price point.  They keep scaling back on everything to meet a price point instead of just doing it right by building the right phone.  While I understand economics, but companies have become way too profit driven on the other end.  We need to promote and demand more consumer centric innovation, and not profit focus.Now having said all of the above, I think the N8 is still a great communicator, from a phone standpoint. I'm torn between having a phone that is well built + a nice 7" tablet or 10" if permits; or have one massive crammed smartphone at 4.5in. I loved everything about the iphone4 except the simple inability of Apple to provide reliable bluetooth headset connectivity; or something as simple as being able to use the speaker phone that actually works in real life, usable is all I ask.  How tough is that.  I hope Steve Jobs will not try and rush a product for profit, and ruin a loyal following over the years based on merits of his products.  All the other phones out there are all trying to throw as many buzz technology to lure customers, but non will last very long, or perform like a Nokia phone.  So I'm one frustrated user where I'd like many aspects of a Nokia in its reliability and performance of a phone, but not so good with web and apps.Hope all this would help someone else making a decision