Motorola RIZRFirst blush, day 1: Attractive phone, feels good & sturdy in the hand, buttons are very responsive, slide function is easy to use and graceful, GUI is not exactly pretty but mostly very intuitive. Rather well put together phone.Why'd I get this phone: quad band, Bluetooth, good camera, a music player (or two actually, confusing) which seemed decent in the store. And because it was NOT a flip phone (which I loath), Tmo didn't have a decent candy bar (which I love), and ... it was not a Samsung (take that for what it's worth).Pros:1. Great camera compared to what I've had (SE T610, Samsung T809) with very strong flash, actually, it's like a flash light. Can I smart button this function anyone?2. So far, reception is pretty good, antenna stronger than my old & beat up SE t610, and comparable to my Samsung t809 (which broke), but sometimes the call is scratchy or does that computer reverberation like sound (which I've never experienced on my other phones).3. iTap text message entry is pretty impressive/smart (this is my first Motorola phone). I'm not sure of how it is implemented on other Motorolas but I like it on this one. I miss a few choices of T9 on my SE t610 (w/ Tmo) but iTap is cool.Cons:1. No timer or stopwatch2. No analog clock option (but Moto if you're going to design one, make it look like the Nokia analog clock for the 6133 or the s60 menubar clock)3. No mirror on the back for self pics like many Sony-Ericsson bar phones have4. Placement of memory card: buy yourself surgical tweezers or hemostats to get this sucker out5. Mac/Bluetooth/iSync: iSync does not work for me despite having first dl'd an iSync plug in which purports to doing so. With my Samsung this made me irate, but Moto has a good track record with iSync support so I'm waiting.6. Headset has better mic, so others hear me better even than when I'm using the phone regularly. BUT, there's often (65% of the time) a buzz that either I can hear, or both my caller and I can hear.7. Cannot access full menu when on a call, only some menu functions (but not text or call recording)8. Cannot record calls9. Some functions & settings hard to find (or completely lost)Tmo has crippled this phone in some ways:1. no MotoReader like the Moto site for the product says (which opens MS docs)2. the option to save text messages to the SIM card has been removed. Tmo support says they can't control this. Moto says Tmo has removed it and thus controls that aspect.3. cannot install Java apps like the Moto site says.What? I thought this was MY phone now. Silly consumer, Deutsch Telecom owns it.Comments:1. screen is tiny compared to others, but still is very resolute and pleasant to look at2. camera is great, doesn't have as many fun options as my old Samsung t809 (which I really didn't like but which did have lots of ways to play with your pics when taking them like comic bubbles etc)3. my RIZR was set to display only SIM card contacts when I first got it from Tmo which frustrated me for a while since the phone kept telling me that the newly BT transferred contact was "outside current view"4. I have decided to keep the phone with Tmo despite the drawbacks I've listed.After long term use:1. key pad lost responsiveness, would not enter some numbers, some numbers would enter two or three times, scrool pad lost sensitivity on one side.2. after moving on to other phones, the features i miss are- flash light (simple feature, but once gone is missed)- iTap. going back to t9 is painful now! iTap took a little adjustment but once adjusted is far superior