I am an Android enthusiast. I have always preferred the flexibility of Android and its open source nature over more stringent ecosystems like the iPhone. I dislike custom overlays that companies like Samsung and HTC place on their phones due to the fact that they delay major updates to Android by several months. This is unacceptable to me. My first Android phone was the Samsung Moment and I never want to experience the horror of a carrier branded Android phone that does not receive updates ever again.So when I accidentally placed my Nexus S in a washing machine there was only one option for me. I purchased an unlocked GSM Galaxy Nexus from Google Play and popped in my T-Mobile SIM card and everything was perfect. The phone is fast enough for me (not quad-core Exynos or blazing-fast Snapdragon S4), and there is nothing quite like running the newest version of Android without having had to resort to hackery. It's very pleasant.Two days ago, my love affair with my month-old phone ended.The phone sometimes refuses to charge. Yesterday I plugged it into the wall (with the original charger, by the way) and returned three hours later to find that it had not been charging at all. Luckily I found that I can reliably charge the phone by plugging it into the USB port of my laptop. However, when the phone is not plugged into the laptop or wall, it thinks it is charging. Not only that, it acts as if it is being plugged in and out repeatedly, every few seconds. Because of this, the phone's screen never times out. It is always on, always. Because of this, the battery depletes very quickly, even with the screen brightness all the way down.My first Samsung Android phone (Moment) stopped working when it stopped making or receiving phone calls and the Wi-Fi was permanently disabled with an "update".My second Samsung Android phone (Nexus S) stopped working when I placed it in the washer, but before that the USB storage had failed. So I could not move pictures or video or anything to or from my computer.My third and newest Samsung Android phone (Galaxy Nexus) refuses to charge at times and refuses to go into idle mode, draining the battery and making the phone unusable because as I just stated, it refuses to charge at times.I loved Android, I always have. But I think I have gotten to the point where it's just not worth it anymore. The bugs, the faulty hardware, the unbelievably delayed updates (although I have to admit I haven't suffered from that for quite a while) all ruin a great operating system. I will probably buy whatever new iPhone Apple comes up with next.If you do decide to get this phone, good luck. If it doesn't have battery problems, you will enjoy it thoroughly as I did for the month that it worked perfectly. However, a word of advice from someone who gave Samsung Android phones not one, not two, but three chances : AVOID SAMSUNG ANDROID PHONES LIKE THE PLAGUE.Good riddance, Samsung.