The first thing you'll notice about this phone is its size. If you can look pass that, you might consider it because of precisely that, the screen size. You would also expect that because of this screen, that one of the main usage of this device would be for video playbacks/pictures etc.And you would be right - Samsung marketed it as all about their screen as well. However, do beware that it has absolutely horrible banding/screen issues that makes watching any videos with dark scenes (or anything with dark shades of grey for that matter) impossible - they all show up as dirty dark blocks/blobs. (for details, you can read all about it at [...] or [...] or [...]) or just google "samsung note screen issues").The sad part is that their previous AMOLED phones didn't have such issues, but the latest 2 in the series (Note and Nexus) both do! They definitely changed something up in their production recently.When i brought it to Samsung's attention, they refused to acknowledge the problem and claimed that it was perfectly fine. The service center I was at even went as far as to suggest that since their sample model phone they had at the back exhibited the same artifacts, that my phone looked to be in perfect condition. Looking around on various web forums, it seems like this is a fairly widespread problem across Samsung notes (and not the only screen problem mind you, just the most obvious one) and apparently it's due to some poor QC on their part and you might get one that's good (apparently low probability), or one that's horrible like mine. You can try returning it if you're in the US etc but sadly that's not an option in my country, and it's different everywhere, so yes, do check amazon's return policies or wherever else you might buy it before you press the buy button! You just might utilize it for the first time on this particular phone!So yeah, it's basically a lottery to see if you can get a working one. I went around various shops to look at the display units, and they all have varying amount of such screen issues. It would be the above-mentioned bandings or weird screen flickering or strange tints or various combinations of the above, so I'm not even sure what the probability of a "perfect working set" is.Some folks even reported that they have exchanged as much as 10 Notes in an attempt to get one such unit. Since that was not an option for me in my country, all I can do is suck it up and not watch videos/photos with an over-sized smartphone that I basically use like its smaller and much cheaper alternatives :(Or so I thought. Until even with very minimal usage, it was barely 2 months old before the next problem arose - the wifi broke. I just got it fixed a few days ago, but I'm just waiting to see what the next problem will be with this expensive abomination that could have been a great phone, but instead ended up as a frustrating and expensive lesson learnt to never buy anything from Samsung again. The only thing I can do now is hope that the problem is with the software and that ICS (which samsung keeps delaying, prolly due to this very problem) would solve it. I doubt so though.So in conclusion, if you're looking to watch videos on-the-go or use it as a photo-book, get their competitors instead. If you just want a phone with basic web functions/emails and such, get something cheaper instead, you'll end up at the same place after all without a hole in your pocket nor a rock in your pocket.