I had all but given up on TV as a viable form of entertainment when a couple of years ago (it seems) my wife and I stumbled upon a premier of a show called Father of the Pride, and another zany show called Scrubs immediately afterward. We fell in love with both shows, but only one would survive to a sophomore season.  The advantage Scrubs had is multi-fold; it featured edgy writing, a great cast, colorful and loveable characters and physical comedy that is rarely seen in sitcoms. It also did away with the annoying canned laughter that most sitcoms incorporate almost as instructions for the audience on when to laugh. The biggest advantage Scrubs had over Father of the Pride was it's low budget, but would you believe that the show's low budget would hardly be noticed? There are many moments that his show pulls off high quality stunts, and special effects that are quite nice! The best part of it is that the show is hilarious, and completely off the wall.  I like how the main character of the show (JD) has countless memorable day dreams which are often as random and completely absurd as what most of us imagine, but never vocalize. This presents a wonderfully human quality to this otherwise over the top show, and it's this element, which puts it over the top as well, which adds to the fun.  Though the show doesn't quite reach the high quality standards set by the likes of Third Rock from the Sun Scrubs does come pretty close. What holds it back is that unlike 3rd Rock this show is not family friendly and features a great deal of sexual content which may not be appropriate for younger viewers. There isn't anything that would make it R rated, but the show certainly does push the limits of what is acceptable on Prime Time TV. Thankfully the show compensates by keeping the vulgar language to a minimum. All in all I highly recommend this show to comedy fans, but with the warning to parents that some of the subject matter may be inappropriate for younger audiences, funny show that it is, I certainly would not let any young children watch it.  Not every show is airing in wide screen, it's a real shame because this show would benefit from it greatly as the picture is crystal clear, and extremely sharp, but is limited to a 1:33:1 aspect ratio, which means watching it in an awkward stretched ratio, or with reversed letter boxes for wide screen TVs. It would have been nice to have this show filmed with Wide screen in mind, as the clear picture does reveal HD may have been. Usually HD and Wide screen go hand in hand, but not in this case. I realize that DVDs are limited to 480p, but you can definitely tell if a show was shot for HD or not. The transfer is really clean here, I mean REALLY clean, its just a shame that it wasn't shot in 16x9. If they're using a DV cameras like I think they are a simple press of a button could solve that problem.  The sound for the first couple episodes were great but for some reason the volume dropped suddenly in the middle of disk one and never really came back up until I adjusted the volume. However, this is a show with few crashes, explosions, or anything that would require Dolby Digital 5.1, so the fact that it is included is a nice bonus. The sound is decent, but not exceptional.  It's not often I find a TV show that can make me laugh, but this is definitely over the top enough to pull it off, but not with the same element of class as, say 3rd Rock. Its not something you can watch with the whole family, because of its content, but it's still a highly enjoyable experience for the adults in the home, and has an excellent collection of special features which are worth watching as well.