I own this for a year now.  This is my first Google Nexus i9250 32GB and I am a Motorola user, LG user (hate LG by the way), and Samsung user and I tried Nokia (also, hate Nokia). I abuse my phone so, yes I will give the good and the bad. (I even bought the Google Nexus 4 but, who cares for the GNex4 right now).Note: Streaming videos/music will be omitted, for it depends on one's carrier and location of service area. Also, android beaming will also be omitted (for the love of me, I cannot and still cannot figure out how that works or rather, I am just lazy, so my apologies).Pros:-camera and video usage is excellent for any time of the day.  Zoom is great which is better than average as I would rate it when compared to a camera. (I could care less for camera usage because I need the phone to work as a phone, not a camera).-Slim design and lightweight. (sometimes I do not notice it in my pocket that I would have to check to make sure its there and not slipped out of my pocket).-durable, still works after falling to the ground (gel case kinda crappy case though), and being thrown around. Batteries does not fall out, stays in place (you will understand when you own one) because the back keeps it in place.-charger plug is usable in any country's outlet (they gave me that one, lucky me).-Screen is wider and longer than a Samsung (any).-WiFi, Bluetooth, Tethering & portable hotspot works excellent.-User interface is excellent, easy to understand, easy to set-up and user-friendly.-Looks good.-Vibration is more reliable than ringtone!Cons:-Too big for my hands. I have to text using two hands instead of one, which I normally like to do but, now I cannot with this phone. My hands are big compare to the average female Asian's hands, but small when compared to the average White-American male hand and about the same size to the average White-American female hands. I am Asian-American by the way and my hands are big.-Cannot handle multitasking or multiple running apps. It over-heats when using the internet and using an app and sometimes freezes.  The process slows down by a large margin (I really wanted to break this phone). Had to use a similar program to Crap Cleaner (for PC), I used Clean Master (app for phone) to cancel un-used running process/apps.-When I access Google Nexus directories, folders are all over the place. (I like to be organized) and cannot delete some useless programs and folders, sometimes, having to go into the folder to delete one thing at a time and THEN, it allows you to delete the folder.-I have to be part of Google related stuff/social network and it does updates that I really do not like at all (sometimes without my approval. Some updates are useless that just want to take up memory and space and we cannot delete it, but just have put up with it). Other than that, Google is friendly.-After a year, now 2 years that Google Nexus came out, no one knows about this phone. Hard to find a replacement screen protector and case for the longest time.  (Even Chinatown doesn't know it).-Default ringtone is not loud enough. I cannot hear from another room (silent environment), in the toilet, in my front pocket or the back pocket. The only loud ringtone I can find its Rock, Heavy-metal or something similar to those.-Hearing on the other end is do-able but I cannot say it's all that great. (I have good hearing)-Navigator's voice and speaker is not loud enough. (Let's just say we need some volume control here)-Like most phone, I have to charge the battery every night. (I am not a heavy text'er or caller or internet user or gamer on this phone). Just a few calls, text, and checking emails on a daily basis for work and personal interaction. It will last me at most 8-9 hours before the batteries go RED. When using the navigator on and batteries at full charge, the battery will last maybe 2-3 hours.-Android Version 4.2.1 (it said Jelly Bean in Ads and People's reviews, so I expect one, but personally I don't care).Personally I do not like Google Nexus after using it (and Google Nexus 4 didn't help either), but OVERALL, personal feelings aside, I can kinda, sort of ... recommend this phone for basic usage only, but not for a business class usage.  I would give this to a high school'er or a fresh college student.  I would even put this as a temporary phone.  It is reliable enough and it does its job as a simple basic phone. (If you cannot decide between the Google Nexus i9250 or the Google Nexus 4, the Google Nexus 4 is the same thing except, its outer appearance is different. Just my 2 cent).Good Luck in choosing your next phone!