This review won't be the longest review, but this will cover some information. I upgraded to this phone from an HTC EVO 3D. For my first Android phone, it was ok, but I kept getting a lot of error messages. I was torn between this phone and the S4, so I got myself the Note 3 while upgrading my parents to the S4. I first opened up the box and I saw the screen. My first thought was how in thecworld am I going to carry this phone in my pocket. So I turned it on, activated it with no problems.I am a Note 10.1 owner (2012 model), so I knew about S Pen and its functionalities,  but the screen is clearer than my tablet, more colors, more vibrant. Downloaded 50 apps in 10 minutes,  the 4GLTE is blazing fast, quad processor, 3GB RAM, 32GB internal storage (25 usable WITH app to sd card transfer, meaning more space) and 4.3 jelly bean.I haven't done too much to it yet, as I am trying to restore stuff onto the Note, but I am very impressed so far, this is by far an iPhone killer...EDIT: 11/19/2013- After having it for about 3 weeks I noticed a few issues that turned out to be a defective unit. Not really upset because amazon took care of this issue right away, and they are sending me another one. However, due to this issue, it does go down 1 star from 5 to 4. At this point NOTHING is worse than my HTC EVO 3D, which is why I am not complaining too much. As far as the issues, had difficulty keeping applications onto the microSD card, as if I transferred apps on to it and restarted the phone, the phone would be stuck on the sprint logo. I thought a reformat of the phone would do the trick. On Sunday night (11/17/2013), I was texting a friend when out of nowhere my phones display turns off, but not the touchpad lights. So I clicked the sleep wake button twice, screen would not come on. I did a battery pull (thankfully Samsung decides to keep a removable battery in their phones), and my display works, but I have the left side of the display is bright, the right is dim. Called amazon and expecting my new note 3 Thursday, was told I could get a different phone, but even with the sprint spark on the other phones, that doesn't exactly buy me off of this remarkable phone. This phone has so many features that others do not have, and touchwiz is much better than what HTC has on their home screens now. Comparing to all the issues I also had with my HTC EVO 3D, I didn't want to try HTC again anyway. I was looking into the LG G2, but what stopped me from wanting that was no microSD card slot and no removable battery. Therefore I personally believe the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 is more updated than the others.