I previously owned an Experia X10 which I was content with as my first smart phone venture but after purchasing the Experia Arc, I can clearly see how flawed the X10 is. I won't go into the X10's problems since this is a review for the Arc. So that being said, will break down the review in categories. Looks, Software and Performance.Looks- One sexy sleek phone hands down and one of the best looking phones on the market. The phone is super slim and the arc in the back actually adds to the sleekness. The back of the phone looks black but looking closely at it you can see it goes from a dark blue to a dark grey silver tone. But you have to look very close. The screen is beautiful at 4.2 inches and the sides of the phone are a chrome color which makes this phone look very classy and heavy, yet it's not heavy at all and pretty light.Software- A huge flaw of the x10 was the lack of updates and an ancient android operating system. I am happy to say this phone comes with the latest 2.3 gingerbread operating system which includes flash for pc like web surfing, more stability, pinch zoom and the ability to download the latest apps requiring the latest operating system. Sony Ericsson has also perfected their skins and proprietary merged os. The system is much more responsive as well.Performance- As stated before, this phone is stable, smooth and pretty quick. Sony is touting it's display as a display infused with their bravia engine technology which in short is just a gimick in terms of the home screen but does improve the picture in the camera and video departments. I compared the x10 with this and found very little difference in the home screen but the camera function is clearly better on this set and better than other phones I have compared. Still the samsung oled and iphone retina displays are still the best in the business. Even so the camera display comes pretty close to those phones.On a side note, the recharging on this phone is super fast! about half an hour to an hour and it's fully recharged. 15 minutes and it's and it's 30 percent recharged. The standby time is also really good and impressed with the life of the batter during constant internet use.I bought this phone unlocked and it only works on AT&T;'s network but definitely worth the price and piece of mind knowing i'm not held on contract anymore. Wonderful phone and kind of like that this phone isn't offered widely in the US as it's very unique and gets lots of looks. It seems like the whole world has an iphone these days and I feel like I have something most people don't, and I do. :)Quick Update: As of 11/7/11 my phone still working like a champ. I just wanted to update everyone on a recent update for the phone. The update provides slight improvements such as advanced face book integration, screen capture, Zoom in HD camera 3D capability, new themes, icon pics in created files, better recording sound and speaker volume. The only updates I found any interest in was the screen capture which is a great feature to have and the zoom on HD camera. Otherwise all other updates just okay. The 3D capability sucks, All it does is allow you to take 3D pics in panorama view but in order to view it in 3d you need a 3D capable tv along with the 100 dollar glasses! Either way, it's nice to get some updates as giving it's unlocked status I thought I would'nt get any updates.