I've been using a very dependable Blackberry for about 14 yrs, the same one. Worked great. There are three of us bundled on a family plan and we decided it was time to end the expensive contract.We first bought a Samsung Proclaim with the air time from HSN. Without notification, they canceled the order stating they could not fill all the orders.We then bought the same phone on Amazon and have been trying to work with that for just about a month.I personally don't like it and no one was able to use much of the phone without a capacitive stylus. I ordered the stylus on Amazon, that order was lost in the mail.With only a week left to buy my phone, I read the reviews for this LG800 phone.I had little issue transferring my old number via the computer. Activating it was another story.I waited 12 hours and decided to call for help. I got an automated answering system that had me go through numerous codes of nearly 200 some letters to input into the phone. It did work after a very frustrating time with the machine not accepting my voice prompts. I have only made a couple of calls so far and not at all impressed with the speaker phone, which is what I use exclusively. It starts to break up at about 50% volume and gets worse.The phone looks and feels nice. I liked the features, what I could understand of them. The case leaves a lot to be desired.I will be missing the blackberry for sure. I may have to find another phone however.No evaluation is being given for many of the phone funtions. I am just reviewing the issues I had getting service and using the speaker phone.I would not recommend this for anyone that does not have a house phone with speaker phone options, which I would higly recommend be used, to activate the new phone.Update: 9/18/12I received a second phone and upgraded my rating to 3 stars. I asked for a replacement phone just to see if the loud speaker worked any better. I found they are good up to 3-4 bars. Not so great after that and IMO, the weak link in the phone.An inexpensive capacitive stylus does wonders.When I activated the first phone, I had to enter at least two hundred digits. The second was much easier, except, I was not able to transfer the account by the web site as the minute balance did not match and I would have lost a few hundred. When I did activate, the web site offered another 200 minutes, which the representative did add to the phone.The case that comes with it, not so good. However, I used an I-pod case I bought earier in the year. That works super! It hangs lower on the waist, and looks great.Have to see if I can locate that information in my files.Lots of nice features on this phone. I have left it on standby for about a week so far. Still has a full charge. My Blackberry would have been dead in two days.update 12/23/2012The original phone no longer held a charge and became difficult to turn on. A replacement phone was received in 3 days. To activate the new phone, I had to call Tracphone about 5 times until I was able to reach someone. In the process, I had to again input well over 100 digits of code. I then found the woman put the wrong phone number in the phone. I did not find that out until I needed the phone and was not able to receive any calls.When I called back to straighten that out, I was then told I had double minutes for life, instead of triple minutes. Still working on that issue.Sure was a lot easier dealing with problems via ATT. Thankfully I still have a land line to use to get this phone to work.I found that keeping the phone set to airtime info did not allow me to bump the broswer and waist minutes by mistake.A nice phone when it works properly.I do miss not being able to input more information such as addresses, extensions and names etc., for each entry.update: 12/23/12  Five or so hours later, I still can not use the phone. My original phone number was not transferred to the replacement, reconditioned phone. Now on my 4th tracphone rep and hours later, not so thrilled to have to wait another 3-5 days for yet another SIM car so I can get my original phone number reinstated. One rep I had to hang up on due to very poor phone connection, that after 15 minutes attempting to work with that person.I never had problems like this with ATT. Thankfully, I do not depend on nor need this phone very much.