Think about a Nokia Lumia and the first thing that comes to mind is a `Windows' Phone, lack of apps and no popularity.Let me bust this myth for you. As a user of the brilliant Nokia Lumia 620, I will say that this phone is an absolute gem.I have been using this phone for over 4 months now and will rate its performance and value for money above both its android and Apple counterparts.I mainly use this phone for making calls, instant messaging/messaging, internet, music and maps.Let me breakdown the review for you to construe the the analysis conveniently --Design: The 620 has a screen size of 3.7 inches which is perfect for a phone, as it gives you the liberty of manoeuvring on the whole screen with the help of just one thumb, something which a Samsung Note won't give you.The display is great and crisp for a phone of this price.The 3.5 mm jack and USB outlet is pretty standard.The UI is fantastic, intuitive, interactive and absolutely classy. THe live tiles means you don't always have to launch the App. Also, it is different from the standard menu systems that other OS's offer. The tile design gives you the freedom to prioritize your applications by resizing them and ordering them, in quite an easy manner. Plus it is simple, colourful and so easy to use. The transitions are fluid and unlike any other OS out there.The phone's built is solid with a thick back cover and a strong glass. I have dropped the phone at least 10 times during my experience and not once has it needed fixing. It is rugged, compact and quite heavy duty.Performance: The phone works like clockwork 97% of the time, which is a lot, if you compare it to the lags and errors you encounter in Android or even the fabled iOS.The whole OS is integrated with the hardware giving seamless perrformance for a 1Ghz processor. The RAM of 512 mb is more than sufficient and handles many tasks without any issues. I have simultaneously used maps, whatsapp, music, internet applications and it has worked just fine.The networking of the phone is very good too, with the internet working smoothly and messages being delivered instantly.The phone has not hung once in my experience, and while it has undergone a bit of lag, just press the side button, and the whole system will revitalise without losing any running tasks or apps.Battery: With 1350 mah worth of battery, you would think it is quite less, but that is not so.As I mentioned earlier, the whole system is integrated tightly and this means that the battery life is more than good for the performance it delivers.I mainly listen to music constantly, surf the internet periodically, use whatsapp every 10 minutes and use maps for directions. The battery easily lasts for a whole day. Enable battery saver and you will see that the battery life increases 3 folds.Still, the usage of 3G affects the battery life, and that is true for every phone. However regular usage with 3G will last you a day easily.Camera: The 5 mp shooter is the best you can get in this price range. It gives you crystal clear clarity, and is quite better than many point and shoot cameras out there.Morevoer you can adjust the ISO, Exposure a and such technical details too. Also it gives 720p HD video shooting.Apps: The main aspect of this phone is the Apps. It is widespread that Windows store does not sport many apps. True, it does not have as many apps as its counterparts, but it has all the essential and regular apps under its belt, and that too comes with a better quality.While the likes of Android store is riddled with crappy apps that are no good, Windows store is much more streamlined. It offers you good quality apps with a uniform UI base, which means you don't need a tutorial for using them.All the regular games like Temple Run, Angry Birds, Jetpack Joyride, Where's my water, Cut the rope etc are covered by the app market.The absence of Instagram is not really an issue since Windows store has Instagram clients like Instance and much more.IM/Messaging apps like Whatsapp, VIber, Skype are present too.The HERE maps/drive/citylens feature is terrific and gives you all you need on the go.The utility section is also covered with all the essentials.The apps can be downloaded from the phone directly or from your PC/Mac/Laptop and can be installed in the phone without any additional suite or hassles.Pros:- Best phone in it's price range; - Great, tough build+Design; - Great App store; - Seamless integration; - Excellent Camera; - Good Battery life.Cons:- Not many to mention, but the default music player has a shortcoming i.e. difficulty in creating a playlistAll in all, a superb phone at this cost, a clear winner and a memorable device to have.