The Galaxy Nexus is an awesome device with a stunning display. Despite many other reviews online, ICS (the new version of Android launching with this device) is pretty easy to navigate/figure out. It does have a learning curve (even for die-hard long-time Android users), but much of the OS has been made more intuitive- one just has to step back and quit over-thinking what you are trying to do (or remembering previously complicated menus for those of us that have been around Android for a while), as (generally) everything you need is right there on the screen (unless you can't do it).  My only two complaints are:  1.)  Many apps still have not been updated to play nicely with ICS by  their developers (but this will change when Verizon launches the  device and ICS becomes more prevalent), and  2.)  The price. This phone is expensive, and while completely worth it for  power-users such as myself, many people will struggle with this. The  main reason for expense right now is the fact that it must be imported  to the US from the UK (and soon Japan/Germany/elsewhere?), so there  are fees and shipping associated with that. Also, once the device does  officially launch here in the US, Verizon (and other carriers  hopefully) will subsidize it and bring the price down a  bit).  Some people complain about the camera on this phone, but as with any other camera phone, there is a lot of variation. Yes there are bad pics out there on the various forums, but there are a lot of really good pictures taken with it by people who know the ins and outs of photography. The shutter and operation of the camera is lagless (perfect and fast), and I have found it to perform better than any of my other phones in low-light situations. It performs (in my experience) on par with the iPhone 4 (I have not played with a 4s yet so I can't say anything about that device). At the end of the day, if you want professional pictures, buy a professional camera. No phone will give you the quality of a DSLR. This phone is much more than sufficient for capturing the quick memories relevant for sharing via email/text messages or social media.  Also, there is a bug where the firmware does not debounce the volume rocker properly (there is an unshielded radio amplifier located near the rocker's circuitry that when connected to or near 2G signal on the 900 mHz band the volume rocker will think it is being pressed due to the interference), a software OTA update began being pushed out to phones yesterday (11/30/2011) to fix this issue (verified by many user reports to have fixed it). This issue affected only users outside of the US (we do not use the 900 mHz frequency band here in the states). If nothing else, this illustrates the greatest reason to buy this phone. The issue was discovered as widespread Sat. 11/19, Google's firmware fix is dated (as being compiled on/completed on) 11/21 (the following Monday), and the 9 days in between fix completion and deployment is due to testing and logistics of pushing out an OTA update. 11 days from issue identification to resolution, which is outstanding. The main reason to buy this phone is Google's dedication to this product line (the "Nexus" Series) and its software. No waiting on carriers and OEMs to write/modify/reject/etc. each little update the phone gets.I hope this helps someone realize this truly great device.