I have recently purchased the i730 phone from Amazon.  I have had the phone for about two weeks now.  As a concerned buyer I was a little leery about purchasing a phone online, but I could not be happier with my new phone.  I have had many phones in my short life span of 18 years, and let me tell you I know a good phone when I see one.  I usually do not buy phones that are made by the Motorola company, but this one is different.  This phone will fit the needs of all consumers  no matter what they need it for.  It is one of the best out there in terms of style, features and ease of use.  When I first took the phone out of it's packaging I could not help but to take a double look at its sharp, glossy, and  silver appearance.  As my fingers grazed the slender surface of the phone my eyes went in for a closer examination.  I first turned the phone on its side where I immediately noticed the slim design, which is a step up from the bulkier i95cl phone.  My fingers then slid over the buttons on the side and top of the phone, which are standard for all Nextel phones.  Once I reached the bottom of the phone I saw a flip, which I opened only to see more unique designs.  I first noticed the crystal clear color screen once the flip was opened.  I then slid my fingers down the sides of the screen to where all the buttons were held.  I then mentally noted the beautiful blue illuminating glow of the key pad, which will turn any head at night.  The buttons on the i730 are ordered very simplistically.  All the important buttons can be accessed at the top of the key pad in an oval shape, while the simple ones only used to dial numbers are below.  The positioning of these buttons are essential for all good phones.  A phones set up can be one of the most important selling point of it.  The same applies for the i730.  I know when I personally search for a phone I not only buy for style, but also for overall set up and ease of the phone.  I personally believe that the set up of  buttons on a phone are a very important part to any phone.  Whenever I'm driving in my car I know for a fact that I do not look down and find the button before I press it, but rather I usually find it through feel and general knowledge of where the button is located.  Especially if I'm driving on the expressway where one false glance away from the road can cause a fatal accident.  For this reason I shop for phones where the buttons are easy to find and push, such as the i730.  When I get a call on the expressway all I do is open the flip and push the talk button, which is very easily accessible right on the upper left hand side of the phone.  I'm sure a lot of people with cell phones go about finding buttons the same way as I do while driving.  So naturally it helps to have important buttons such as Talk, End, Menu and the power button in a central location in an attempt to minimize the search for a button through touch.  The i730 is a big step up from its predecessor the i90c in terms of features and overall style.  The i90c is a good phone, but it had issues that needed to be improved.  When the i90c is on the belt clip the sound gets muffled and is hard to hear.  The i730 improved on this problem by creating a not only a speaker on the front of the phone, but one on the back as well, so that the sound will no longer be muffled.  The speaker on the front of the phone even has a hole so the customer is able to talk to another person, while the clip is still attached to the phone.  That is what I call convenience.  The i90c also had a very common outside color too it, while the i730 has a new glossy silver coat.  By far the biggest difference between these two phones is not the color or the placement of the speakers it is the vast features.  The i730 is Nextel's first phone with the amazing Global Positioning System or (GPS).  This system uses satellites orbiting the Earth to determine the approximate geographical location of the phone.  To some this may be a very high tech and pointless feature, but it is actually very easy to use and if a person travels a lot it could really come in handy if they get lost.  The phone book of the i90c is a mere 250 capacity, while the i730 holds up too 600 entries!  The i730 also has  flip activation, which means you can answer a call when the flip goes up.  The ability is also there to shut off flip activation so you can call someone and close the flip without disconnecting the call.  The feature I like the most that the i90c did not have is the voice activated dialing.  This can really come in handy when driving and not being able to select the person from the phone book.  I would highly recommend this phone to anyone.  It is not only one of the newest out there it is one of the best out there.  It is one of the most well rounded phones and so far it has worked perfectly for me and I'm sure that it will do the same for you!