I won't bore you.  Bullet time:SCREENAmazing.  You cannot tell it's Pentile.  Anyone who says they can is analyzing it with a microscope and criticizing it unfairly.  The device has a beautiful screen.  HOWEVER...and this will only affect you if you're coming from like a HTC DROID DNA (Verizon Wireless) or similar device with a true HD LCD screen... everything appears blown up, apparently to help you read things on screen.  From the menus to the TouchWiz pulldown.  It's not a negative for those who like to make sure they can see things properly without zooming or squinting.  But it was too much for me, having come from devices with smaller elements.INTERFACEFace it, TouchWiz is terrible.  Fine for the newbie Android user.  Not so fine for someone who's used to Android looking and feeling a certain way.  It just loses that Jelly Bean experience in my opinion.  While it's not as blatantly forced as with, say, the Samsung Fascinate No Contract Cell Phone 3G Android Smartphone Verizon, it's still there and obvious.  Downloading a customized launcher like Nova Launcher or MIUI helps a lot to clean this up.  Unfortunately the Settings "menus" are simply horrible and unintuitive to deal with.  It would have been much better to keep with one menu rather than trying to break things out and forcing you to hunt for what you want.  The Developer option is also hidden which is the only way to disable some of the blurring and animations that slow the phone down.  I didn't see TouchWiz slowing things down at all, though.  It's just an annoying interface for those that like a customized experience (the whole reason to go Android in the first place).AUDIOSo primarily, I do Bluetooth audio.  There it does perfectly fine.  I had no issues with how the music or call quality sounded.  Where I was a bit disappointed was with the speakerphone.  It doesn't sound "robotic" but it doesn't sound clear, either.  Muddy is a good way to describe it.  It's a loud speaker, but just not clear.  There's a lot of distortion that happens at the highest levels.  This isn't the case on phones such as the Motorola DROID RAZR HD (Verizon Wireless), but then that phone comes with a decent equalizer.  I'll hae to get one for the S4, but I hate having to do that.CAMERAI'm quite pleased with the camera quality on the S4, both video and photo - except that I found that the Auto photo setting literally trashes the image for whatever reason.  If you want quality, choose anything else, but not that one.  HDR does a decent job, but I found that either the Perfect Face or Night settings do a better job when dealing with variable lighting.  The flash is quite powerful, capable of capturing things clearly even in the darkest of conditions up to a few feet.  Beyond that and you're of course out of luck.  As far as the video camera, both the rear and front facing do a pretty good job.  The front facing is clearer than on most phones, except that the color is muted.  Decent enough for video calls in normal lighting.  I've recorded video reviews with the S4 that rival camcorder quality in terms of clarity and audio.BATTERYBattery life under normal (i.e. you're not texting your BFF 16 hours a day) conditions can net you between 15 and 24 hours.  That's assuming you're at least partially on Wi-Fi.  Even if you're only on Wi-Fi for 4 hours out of the day, you should still be able to pull 15 hours out of the phone.  That's with brightness, GPS, 4G and Bluetooth on, mind.  I will caution you - DO NOT accept the Google Play Services upgrade.  It will destroy your battery due to a bug.CALL QUALITY/SIGNAL STRENGTH/RECEPTIONIt cannot match the sheer epic that is the RAZR MAXX HD, but it'll do.  Far better than anything Sony put out, for sure.  There's no delay, no echo, no "robotic" that I could tell.The two letdowns:- For the price, Samsung definitely should have thrown in an SD card.  Period.  There was no excuse for this exclusion.  If Motorola could do it with the RAZR, Samsung could and should have.- Samsung advertises "wireless charging", but the phone doesn't come with that capability.  You're forced to spend an extra $100 after launch (Samsung Galaxy S4 Wireless S Charger Kit (inductive type) - Wireless Charging White Cover & Pad)  For functionality that should have been included.  Worst case, include the battery cover with the phone at launch for free but then offer the charging pad for those that want it.Other than that I don't have complaints.  The people complaining about build quality are iPhone/HTC fanatics who think that aluminum is the only "quality".  For me, as long as the thing doesn't creak, I'm good.  This one doesn't creak nearly as bad as, say, the BlackBerry Storm 2 9550 Unlocked Phone - No Warranty.  So I'm good.