After 7 years with a Motorola flip phone W755, which my wife and I dearly loved (and still work perfectly to this day), we decided to join the 21st century and get smartphones.Pros:1. Very fast with apps. The apps available (and automatically migrated from our Android Nexus 7 Tablets) are outstanding. Weather Radar, FreeNav USA, etc. Anything we already had installed on our tablets was instantly migrated to the S4 as soon as we went to the Play Store.2. Very intuitive to use if one is familiar with the Android O/S already.3. Outstanding voice search (google). I needed to find a UPS drop off store in another town. I was in the car, brought up Voice Search and spoke: "UPS Boone, Iowa". Up came a link to a Packaging store in Boone {that took both UPS and FexEX packages}, on a map and I could have navigated directly from that screen. Instead, I put the address into NavFree USA and it drove me right to it. Absolutely painless!3. Excellent tactile feedback to input, responsive and discriminating (not a lot of false data entry when typing, tapping or selecting).4. Gorgeous screen.5. Fast charge.6. Excellent Bluetooth compatibility: linked with over half a dozen devices without difficulty.7. Basic apps are useful (clock and alarms work just as one would expect)8. Multiple Home Screens make for easy app organization. I have all weather apps one one page, Playstore, Clock/Alarm, My Verizon Mobile and Camera on my "Main" Home Page, News apps like NY Times, The Young Turks, BeyondPod, Guardian on another page.9. Excellent battery life (as long as WiFi is turned off, and charges quickly. (under 1.5 hours for a full charge from about 20%).10. Phone coverage (Verizon) is outstanding, but Verizon always has been in our area.A Few Tips:1. Battery life is dramatically impacted with WiFi ON. When not needed, turn it off and you will get GREAT battery life.2. Get a really good/strong/armored case...don't go for aesthetics, buy a Beast. We like the Otter Defender Series. I feel safe with this case, period. Other cases I looked at were cosmetically attractive and quite obviously didn't protect from drops worth a darn. We have tile floors....end of discussion. The Otter Defender series puts the phone in a highly protective cocoon, with a very strong screen protector. It increases weight and bulk...but unlike many other aesthetically appealing cases, it actually protects your investment.3. If you use WiFi every day, be prepared to charge your phone nearly every day. We use it a lot, so charge our phones every night. One nice thing is that the batteries are user replaceable, inexpensive and readily available. You can even get a new back and an "extended" battery if you choose, BUT....that limits your choice of cases.4. If batteries are a problem, Sam's Club has a very nice 10,000 mah LI-Ion pack (very slim silver) for about $50.00 that you can charge via USB and will charge anything with a USB cable. This is a VERY handy device for charging multiple things. We use it for Ipod Touch, Nexus 7 Tablet, and of course, the S4.5.Lastly if you walk or run or otherwise exercise, I HIGHLY recommend the Motorola S11-HD Bluetooth Stereo Headphones. It is hot and humid in Iowa and walking about 5 miles a day puts a real burden on body temperature. These are very rugged, light and have excellent fidelity. They paired right up with the S4 in Media Mode. Single charge lasts several days of 2.5 hours per day use.In Summary: A great phone that is fast and versatile, requiring a rugged case and capable of just about anything sort of massage. A real pleasure to use and quite a bit of fun on top of that!