I bought this phone recently due it's reviews and I also played around with it at an ATT store before purchasing. I will be as honest as I can be so that people can get an accurate review. My first impression was that the screen on this thing is absolutely amazing. I have compared many other smart phones screens, and this phone has one of the best. Big, bright and crisp. HD content is out of this world. Sometimes I feel like I'm not even holding a phone. Build quality is excellent. The bezel around the phone is super thin, making it smaller to hold.You can feel that it's a nice and sturdy phone. Battery life is excellent. I don't know what phone the other reviewers had when they said that this battery is not that good. It is excellent and lasts a very long time. I'm a somewhat heavy user and it lasts me all day. The speaker on this phone is bad, but not horrible. It's too pitchy with it's sound. But it is satisfactory. Placement of the speaker is on the rear, so if you are playing music, you can't lay it on its back. LG should have placed the speaker in a diff area on the phone. Camera is pretty decent. Takes good quality shots. When I compared to my other phones, it was not as detailed, but still very good. Auto focus was a little slower as well. Video is excellent. Video was nice and clear with great 1080p. LG's UI is very good. I could find everything I needed without any issues. I don't know why people were bashing it. It's simple and easy to use. Everything is layed out just fine. The phone has quick memo and lets you write on the screen with your finger just like the Note, but without a stylus. To be honest, I'b prob never pull that stylus out anyway. Much easier with your finger. Phone can multi task and you can move your applications around on the screen (resize, transparency) as you wish. This phone has so many options in its user interface that it's crazy. Call quality is excellent. The home button is a little too thin for my taste, but my fingers go used to it. All of the other buttons where just fine and I am able to find them quite easily. The phone has 32GB of onboard storage and an Micro SD slot to expand for 64GB more. More than enough space than you will ever need. There is no lag on this phone at all. Its processor is super fast. You can tell right away when you launch apps and use things on it. It also has an IR Blaster to control your TV and cable boxes. I have to say that the IR blaster was super easy to set up. Literally less than a minute. I thought the phone would be too big, but I got used to it. I had no issues using it with one hand. In conclusion, I must say that this phone is excellent. For the money, you will not find anything even close to it. I picked up my iPhone 5 after a few days of using this LG Pro, and I could not believe how superior it was to it. I'm a stubborn Apple guy and didn't want to switch from Apple. When I looked at my iPhone it really felt ike I was looking at an ancient outdated phone. One you get one, you will see what I mean. You will not go back to Apple. Again...The 1080P screen on this phone is AMAZING! Although the Note 3 has slightly better specs, this phone comes very close with its beautifull screen and IMO and it's screen is better since it's an IPS. Plus it's like 200-300 cheaper. If your on the fence on this phone, don't worry. Buy it! You will not regret it one bit. This phone has not been advertised as much as Samsung and Apple, but it should have been. I'm really suprised more people don't know about this phone. I only found this phone because of the CNET reviews. If it had a better speaker, I'd give it a 5 rating. It's a great great phone.