Cut expenses wherever possible, right?  Contract phone plans suck more out of the budget than they're worth, offering more minutes than you can use, and charging extra for features you do need, like texting and occasional emergency internet service.  Straight Talk seemed a good choice, but its set fee was only a little lower than the Verizon contract's.  Its internet option wasn't much help, either. V E R Y.  V E R Y.  S L O O O  W.I tried Consumer Cellular, which offered a wonderful phone with a bright white case (easy to find in dark purses, on the floor of the car, under the seat, between cushions--you get the drift). Great keypad for large fingers. Unfortunately it did not work in my area. Those on-line coverage maps are pipe dreams--what the company would like to believe.  And no, I did not get my money back. So that was $100 lost.I tried a tracfone, an LG 225C, slightly different from this one, which I chose because of it's decent-sized keypad and its double minutes for life.  I have big hands, and in my work I do a fair amount of texting.  Tiny keypads are frustrating.  I paid $19.99 at Walmart.  It's a sturdy phone--black, unfortunately. So, I proceded to lose track of it--in the car, in my tote, purse, etc.  It even fell out of my pocket in the rain, in a parking lot. It was found by a woman from my church, who tracked me down to arrange its return.  Neither rain nor dropping seemed to affect this sturdy phone.  I used it for a year--phone and airtime came to just under  $30/month.  Compare this with Verizon's $50-$60/month.I slapped a piece of white duct tape on the back of the phone (so it would show up more readily), but still managed to lose it for a couple weeks in early May.  Turning house and car upside down, I decided I must have lost it for good this time.  Online I saw a new model, with touchscreen and triple minutes for life and decided that would be a suitable replacement.  I tried ordering it online, but have never been able to order anything online from their website. When I saw it in a Wal-mart 40 miles from my home office, triple minutes and all, I paid $49 for a new tracfone. Then the real problems began. I followed the easy instrucctions carefully, but it did not work.  I called Tracfone customer service (another exercise in how-persistent-are-you-willing-to-be-to-get-what-you-want?).  The customer service tech transferred my minutes from the lost cell phone to my new phone, and we tried for 45 minutes to activate that phone.  She and her supervisor eventually determined I had the wrong phone for my network and offered to send me a free Verizon-enabled replacement and a mailer to return my failed purchase.They sent an LG 550C (looks like a little blackberry) in short order.  The new phone came in a package similar to the phone it replaced, but packaging clearly said 'double minutes for life.' I had been promised a phone 'just like the one you bought, only enabled for Verizon.  I was not surprised at the different phone, but I did note a week or so later it was offered on the Tracfone website for $19.99 for Mother's Day weekend.  There was even a card to purchase to make any tracfone a triple minutes for life phone.  But that was online, and I couldn't get it online.  I called to activate the new phone, and all was well.  Except I had a new number.  Since I use this phone for work I needed my previous number.  I called and was told it would take 'up to 3 business days' to activate the phone with my desired number, and the current 'temporary' number would be frozen.  So, I was still without a working phone.Of course this was on a Friday.  The next week I found my old phone. I activated it as soon as I could get an air card.  Calling about the new phone, the tech kept me on the phone for 30 minutes on hold.  In the background I could hear him pagig through paper, eating something, never saying a word or responding to my 'hello? Are we still working on my request here?'  It was yet another (allbeit extreme) 'how-much-are-you-willing-to-put-up-with-to-get-what-you-want-or-wouldn't-you-rather-settle-for-what-you-have situation. I didn't hang up and try again because that would mean another half hour in que waiting for another grumpy tech.I finally did hang up, laughing.  This was clearly a stand-off: 'I am doing this to you, lady, because I can and you're ungrateful and stupid, losing your phone and expecting me to port your number to a new one.'  I called back the next day (4 business days) and a young woman was able to port the number in a matter of minutes. I asked her if my new phone was indeed triple minutes.  She said it was noted as such in the com[puter.  Probably next to the label 'difficult customer!' I now have 2 cell phones.  I don't even know the number of the older one (though I can look it up easily enough), and I use it for non-business calls, keeping it in the glove compartment of the car (where you're told NOT to keep electronics).Both phones are LG's.  Both have amazing battery life.  The newer one is easier to use for internet, and the internet is a great feature for emergency on-the- road lookups--addresses, bank balances, etc.  The newer phone has a very slightly better camera. But let me advise you: Do as I did and buy a bright colored sleeve for the phone. It not only makes the phone easier to see but cushions it against dropping and keeps it from slithering out of pants pockets.