I previously owned a TracFone and Net10 Phone and never experienced any problems.  However, the purchase, porting, and activation of my Motorola W376 TracFone has been the worst customer service experience that I've ever had in my life.I began the activation process on the internet in early February 2009 by requesting that my old Boost Mobile cell phone number be ported to my new cell phone.  Initially I provided only my old number as I didn't have an account number.  I was contacted by TracFone and they requested that I contact Boost Mobile and obtain my account number.  I obtained my account number and advised TracFone customer service.  I then receive another phone call indicating that I needed to provide a Pin Number. So I provide that information as well.  I then receive repeated phone calls claiming that the information I provided was not correct.  Eventually, a three way phone call between TracFone, Boost Mobile, and myself was arranged.  Boost Mobile confirmed that the information that I provided was correct.  So again I wait, assuming that the problem was resolved.  Then in late February I receive a letter indicating that the porting of my number was "delayed due to incomplete or inaccurate information" and was advised to contact another number for assistance.  At this number I was advised that my SIM card wouldn't port, and that I would be sent another SIM card through the mail.In early March I thought finally my problems would be over.  I received and installed the SIM card and called back as requested.  The phone was finally activated and I indicated that I would add additional minutes online.  After all the delays, I had forgotten that my phone came with double minutes for life and ordered the 800 minutes with double minutes for life at the price of $139.99.  To my surprise the minutes were not added to the phone and I again had to call customer service.  The lady on the phone was nice enough to inform me that I made a mistake in my order, but to my surprise was unwilling to correct it.  I complained but it was obvious that I was getting nowhere.  The minutes I ordered were added to the phone.  I decided I would call back and would insist that the second double minutes for life be removed.  I figured this would result in a $40.00 refund to my credit card as 400 minutes (doubled to 800 minutes) costs $99.99.  I called back and again got nowhere with customer service.  I asked to speak to a supervisor who was apologetic but indicated that there was nothing she could do.  She indicated, however, that she would refer me to a higher level and that someone would get back to me.  Well I waited over a week for a response and received none, so instead of calling again and getting the run around, I decided to send an e-mail.  By e-mail I was provided a number to call for credit card adjustments.  I thought I was finally making progress, however when I called I was again advised that nothing could be done.  I asked to speak to a supervisor and was informed pretty bluntly that it was my mistake and there was nothing they could do about it.I subsequently wrote a letter to the Tracfone Resolution Department. In response I received a phone call offering me 30 additional minutes of airtime.  I turned it down as it does not adequately compensate me for my time, trouble, and expense.  To learn more about Tracfone's terrible customer service, enter Tracfone complaints in your search engine.  Based on my experience, I will never buy another Tracfone product.