I got my Voq just about a year ago and have been using it every day since. It has tons of great features and for such a low price, so who wouldn't want to try it out? This a fully-enabled smartphone, with all the applications and such of any other windows smartphone, such as Windows Media Player mobile (I listen to MP3s all the time) and Internet Explorer (if you look it up, you can get internet for only 6 bucks a month!). The included "myVoq" program makes searching for contacts and other items a breeze (it works much like spotlight on the mac). The keyboard is great for texting, email, and, for forgetful ones like me, notes and the pocket outlook calendar. The included SD card slot allows me to take my movies, music, photos, and documents on the go, which can all be accessed by various programs on the Voq's beautiful backlit color screen. This smartphone holds a charge for about 2-4 days for me, depending upon usage - if I just use it for a few calls and the calendar for a few days, it can last for about 3-4 days. But as soon as you start listening to music or, especially, using the internet, that battery starts going down, but you still usually get at least 2 days out of it. The phone gets great reception - not the best, but close. Voices come in and go out loud and clear. This smartphone is comfortable to hold in one's hand and isn't as large or heavy as many reviews might have you believe - it is still large though.Things of note:The contacts feature is crazy awesome! You can input all sorts of info, including a 3rd email, address, etc, anniversaries, birthdates, and even the names of people's kids! And on top of that, there's a feature to add extra "notes" so if there isn't a field you see that you want to write something about someone down in, you can just utilize that. Also, the calendar feature is great, acting much like Outlook on the PC with reminders and all that. Also, build quality is excellent - after a year, the thing still feels practically new, despite the fact that I carry it around in my pocket all day.The two first reactions I always get from this phone are: Man, that thing is huge! and That keyboard is so freaking cool! The phone is fairly large (you'll need to reserve a whole pocket for it, trust me) but all of the features make up for it.Pros:-Full-featured Windows Smartphone-Cheap now!-SD Card slot (regular, not mini!)-"Freakin' cool" keyboard-Sweet contacts - lots of info inputs for people, if you need it.-Awesome, intuitive calendar-Great as a phone, too!-Excellent quality-Cheap internet! (once you follow the easy steps to configure it right)-myVoq search finds everything you need easily.Cons:-No official support because they've been discontinued (but I haven't had any problems yet...)-No camera (I miss this feature sometimes from my old phone, but less now)-No wifi-A little bulky-Charge, for some, may be inadequate (2-4 days)Bottom Line: A phone packed with features and quality, well worth the low, low price it is now (even well worth the $140 bucks I originally spent on it).NOTE: Buy an iPod sock or a Gameboy Micro sock to put this thing in - trust me, it keeps out most of the dust and protects the screen without being too bulky for your pocket!