Galaxy > iPhoneI've had a Samsung/Droid phone for the last 4 years since the first one was released. I love the phone. I've told everyone who asked me "iPhone or Droid" that the Droid was superior and an amazing phone. And it WAS, it did everything I wanted and more. I swore by it and converted a lot of my friends to buy it with me who also love it. Against my wishes, when my next upgrade is available, I will be shifting my loyalty and buying an Apple iPhone.Again, this isn't because the product is poor. I will reiterate: The product is excellent. I just can't deal with the ridiculous ridiculous short battery life, how can you release something like this? I am currently using the Galaxy SIII. With the GPS off, the Bluetooth off, WiFi search off, and power saving ON- It STILL dies before I even leave work. I have a steady connection in my office. Sure, I text a lot during the day and use the GroupMe chat pretty liberally, but isn't that the reason I have the phone--To USE it? No exaggeration, even on days when I am NOT texting liberally, my phone does not last longer then 8 hours which is my usual workday. That's with barely texting! I need to strategically pick and choose 3-4 hours a day where I keep my phone on airplane mode just so that it has a sliver of battery life by the time I get home and to my charger."Just buy a charger for work dude!"I did.I originally had a 2nd charger that I was using. I broke it by sitting on it(my fault). I was forced to buy a 3rd charger because of my negligence. $30. And this new charger broke after THREE WEEKS. It just bent and stopped charging randomly, no physical damage. Just stopped working. I REFUSE to spend more money and buy another one out of principle because of that. I spend $30 to just keep your product functioning, and the charger is a flimsy piece of crap that bent plugging into my phone and no longer works. It's like you're trying to extort money from me by giving me a fantastic product with the worst possible battery life and terrible accessories to temporarily fix the pathetic battery life at horribly expensive prices. What kind of business model is that? Not sustainable, that's for sure.The pathetic life of your battery in conjunction with the ridiculous price for additional chargers that BREAK after a month of use is leading me away from the phone I love and have told everyone that I recommend over any other phone on the market. I am a loyal and long-time Droid/Samsung user who will now be giving my business to Apple and the iPhone when my upgrade is available in a couple of months. Not because of a bad product. But because I feel like I am being robbed by the company who made a product with terrible battery life purposely to extort every last $ out of me to buy chargers just to keep the phone alive.Hopefully Apple can deliver where you couldn't.