* Written in 2009 after purchasing through Amazon *My first mobile phone in 1998 was a Nokia, and I've hardly looked elsewhere since (except a BIG mistake trying out MetroPCS with an awful touchscreen Samsung!) Nokia phones have always been reliable, putting form with function nicely, and seeming to meet consumers' needs without going over-the-top with unnecessary whistles and bells.I've had the Nokia E75 for about 5 months now, putting it through its paces and using it to call, email, text, browse the web, find my way using Maps, record video clips, and send friends and family decent quality photos via email. It is fairly simple to get used to, and while some people may think Symbian is an outdated OS, I like it because I couldn't handle anything too complex. The best feature for me is the slide out Qwerty keyboard; it's just great and I am no fan of the touchscreen, so this is perfect. But because of the good design by Nokia, you can call and text with one hand if you need to via the albeit slightly cramped front keypad.The biggest drawback of this phone is that it has some software issues, and going by the discussion forums, Nokia isn't doing much about addressing these issues. The phone comes with a paltry internal memory of around 80Mb, but those Mbs soon get eaten up by the phone's own needs, and so by the time you've got the thing set up the way you like it, (and fans of Nokia won't be let down by how nicely you can customise the phone with how you want it to look/sound) you might only have around 20Mb spare, and that's even with all of your wallpaper images and music and tones stored on the Micro SD card! That 20Mb will gradually, mysteriously and frustratingly diminish to next-to-nothing, slowing the phone down and giving you 'low memory' warnings, and eventually you'll have to reset the device and start from scratch making it your own again. Nokia hasn't offered any explanation for this phenomenon, and I can't help but think that, if they'd not been so mean with internal memory in the first place and had given the E75, oh I dunno, 200Mb or even 1Gb, this wouldn't be a problem.But even with that, the phone is great. I love how it's so easy to send emails with photos, or quickly type out a text message. The Maps application saved my bacon driving around unknown parts of the country, and it's very useful walking around unfamiliar streets too. Speaking of Apps, the available ones via Nokia's OVI store are few and far between, and nothing like those available for the iPhone or Android, but to be honest, I just like keeping it simple anyway. I have Shazam, Flashlight (you never know) and a couple of arcade games, but apart from that, I am not too bothered about not being able to turn my lights off at home while I'm in the pub.As for battery, well I keep a second charged up in case I'm out and about all day, because with heavy use (calling, texting, GPS-ing and web browsing) the battery drains quickly by the end of the day. I have been caught out a few times when I have started the day off with 6 bars of full battery, and ended up using a payphone (!) to meet friends for an evening drink.The Nokia E75 is missing many of the super-cool new features that new smartphones have these days, but when it comes down to it, the E75 has what I want: a camera with a flash that takes decent pics and video clips, Wi-Fi for when signal isn't great, 3G capability (although not on my US network T-Mobile, but on Virgin Mobile UK), a good Maps application, decent WWW browsing, an easy-to-use calendar with helpful on screen reminders, superb QWERTY keyboard, and a useful Search feature, that dug out a phone number of a friend who had sent it to me in a text message weeks ago. Nice!Is the Nokia E75 perfect? Absolutely not. But it is a good, solid phone that looks nice and does the job well. I don't know how it would hold up in a really busy work environment with hundreds of emails coming and going each day, I wouldn't put my money on it being as good as say, a Blackberry. But for those of us who enjoy a top-quality device with decent features and not too many whistles and bells, the E75 has it.