Like the title, it's my first Blackberry and I have it for about 2 weeks.Some friends of mine have a Blackberry and they claim to love it, so I went with it.Since this is my first Bb, I'm not at all familiar with how it works, where what is etc. I'm also not a read-the-manual-first-person, I learn as I go along. I like to figure out things myself and if I really can't figure it out, then it's just not for me. I'm simple minded, straight to the point and if it's too difficult to get from A to B then forget it. Don't have patience for it.The main uses for my phone is texting, wake up alarm, taking pictures, calling and once a while go online.So here are my issues:Texting: Didn't have any contacts saved. So when someone texted me with their name, I couldn't figure out how to save the number. Usually when you get a text and you want to save the number, you choose on the menu 'save contact' or something similar. With this phone, when I saved it, it saved the whole text to the saved folder. Anything else on the menu that I clicked, didn't give me the option to save the contact.Wake up alarm: I need more than 1 alarm. At least 3. I can't put more than 1 alarm in. Doesn't give me the option to in the 'clock' menu. So I have to reset the time for the alarm twice a day and occasionally in the weekends. Not cool. Should be able to have multiple alarms and just turn those on or off.Taking pictures: Very disappointing with how blurry this camera is and how much it lags to take the picture after pressing the button. Does it really need to think for 2 seconds after I press the button? For what? Just take the darn picture already!Calling: Alright, you got me. Calling is fine. However, I'm not fond of being on the phone. The shorter the better. I did have some problems with the touch screen though. When I call an automated service and I need to press 1 for English or enter my account number, it just won't take.Which takes me to the next issue I have. The touch screen.I've had phones with both capacitive and resistive touch screens but this is taking it a little too far. It swivels when you press towards the edge and you really have to press it harder than any other touch screen because yes, you have to press the WHOLE screen down.I've only had it for two weeks and it's been giving me so much grief that every day I have to use it, my despise for it grows larger.The simplest (to me simple) things are so difficult to do with this phone that it's frustrating me. When I get my new phone, someone would need to restrain me from throwing it against the wall and stomping on it because that's what I really want to do with it.