WHY  BLU PRODUCTS ????  Let me tell you the real situation about the blu phones. The decent quality, 2 sim cards, good prices, good specs for a budget phone and TERRIBLE SUPPORT OR NO SUPPORT AT ALL. THINK twice before buy anything  from BLU PRODUCTS COMPANY.Short story - you bought the BLU phone and its working with no issues - you very LUCKY !! start playing lottery $) and be happy BLU PRODUCTS owner.Long story - you bought the BLU phone and you have some issues (DOA, headphone jack broken, black pixels on the screen, short battery life, Android is always low on memory, ECHO on microphone .. screen clicking by itself ...etc ) - welcome to HELL !! If you still have refund or replacement period = you lucky again.  Otherwise - YOU JUST WAISTED  200$-300$ from your wallet. If you want to find the truth $) be my guest = read the whole story = IT WILL SAVE YOU A LOT OF TIME AND PAIN !!!First off I had 4 Smartphone's. (3 had issues)2012 1st Blu Studio 5.3 - black dots, bad design of case - the screen was visible detached from system board. = sent for replacement.2012 2nd Blu Studio 5.3 - first half year great phone for its money. (270$) great battery life - 4-5 days with 5.3 screen =  very happy. until the headphone jack stopped working normally - some hiss sound with tapping when you plug the headphones. no more movies or private conversations on the go  ... Tried to fix it... went to couple stores for repair  - the verdict unfixable ... Give it away to my neighbors to use it as GPS on his car.Tried  to contact BLU Products for warranty repair  - welcome to some BLU marry-go-round - "please contact distributor" and distributor  replays ... since its out of 30 days from the day of purchase - "please contact  BLU products"  I did wrote  around 30 yes its 30 !!!!! emails ... trying to resolve  this issue ... still no help.Hmm  ... I am still trying to find the truth $) and some service  .  I did find the email of CEO of BLU Products ... and sent to him all my correspondence  with the supervisors from BLU and Vendor  stamped by dates ... in one huge email .... just to  be relieved  of this whole nonsense and terrible customer support.2013 3rd BLU STUDIO 2 - To be honest I was surprised when I got answer from him directly .  Very  delicate  and nicely written letter  with apology and offer to get new model of BLU STUDIO 5.3 Smartphone  !!! free of charge. OMG all this emails .. looking for help finally  paid off...  HAPPY END ????  NO WAY  only half story ...When I got new Smartphone  BLU Studio 5.3 II.  It worked nicely  for couple weeks than ... its start failing APART.Here are list of  issues with BLU  smarphone1) Clicking by itself ... and the screen is not responsive a lot of times  (even when I did factory reset and as test did capture couple pictures ... it happened again and again)2) Low RAM ...  Even with couple applications  since its only 512 mb of ram its freezing and shutting down apps . A lot of freezing with GPS on and map from Google with data connection on and Bluetooth on. Especially when trying to play music on background  ... its start freezing and shutting down applications by itself.3) Very low battery life ... the original BLU were holding up to 4-5 days of active use ... this one ... less than a DAY. (I did charging now 2 times a day)4)Echo - a lot of complains from my coworkers and friends  .So I did start warranty service on this "gift" from CEO of BLU PRODUCTS.  I was out of states for work...  So it took me a several weeks to send for repair/ replacement.I was assured multiply times that if  issues (the main one - clicking on the screen by itself) will be confirmed - they will replace it with new model.But in real life  ...another 20 emails ... no real help ... only promises to resolve the issue and make me happy.  they tried to charge me 80$ for replacing wet ?? system board ..  and finally sent back pretty much same unit with replaced  screen, system board and same defective battery ...  nice job....2013 4th BLU STUDIO 2  - So for now I did give  it to friend as present. with explanation - no obligation from me.... and if something will happen to this phone ???  I don't care and don`t do anything Real to help with this wonderful  Smartphone. Lesson learned from BLU PRODUCTS support. $)  Good luck.