I bought this phone in July with the triple minute deal. I got the 1200 minutes right after I bought the phone along with bonus minute from a promotional code. I was told that the triple minute feature was on the phone. I already had a tracfone so I had my service transferred. They had trouble transferring my service. I kept calling the technical support 800 number and the recording kept telling me about the high volume of calls coming in and hanging up on me. After a few days they finally transferred the service, and everything was fine until now. I hadn't purchased anymore airtime until today, December 30, so I haven't had another opportunity to deal with tracfone since I bought the phone. But today I bought a 120 minute card to use with the promocode they sent me (66836) that's supposed to give you 300 bonus minutes if you add 120 minutes before December 31. I added the minutes and the promocode and it gave me 120 and 300 bonus minutes. No triple minutes, not even double minutes, just the 120 minutes that I bought plus the bonus. I called Tracfone tech support (800 867 7183) and the tech said that this is a double minute phone, there is no triple minute deal. I told her that it was being sold on Amazon with a triple minute deal and that the seller is still selling it today, and after putting me on hold, she told me that seller on Amazon is a scam; that I bought the phone at my own risk because I didn't buy from tracfone's website. I asked her why tracfone was servicing a phone that was sold by a fraudulent dealer and she said that if you have one of their phones they will service it. Well I asked to speak with her supervisor because Tracfone activated my phone and confirmed the triple minute deal when my phone was in the 7 day warranty, and they added the 1200 minutes, just like the seller promised. She connected me to a Keisha, who I later found out was in South America, who confirmed that the phone was in fact a triple minute phone, that this was not a scam and after telling me to meddle with the code entry mode on the phone and asking me what my airtime balance was, told me that this amount was precisely what was supposed to be on there, and that their information said that the 120 minutes was in fact tripled. I told her that I already had 451 minutes on my phone and that there are only 871 now, and that they only added the 120 plus the bonus, they didn't triple the 120 minutes or they would have added 360 plus the bonus. She said that they could not give me anymore minutes because it said that there were 120 minutes added and that they were tripled. I asked her if she can see how many minutes I already had, she said no. I asked her if she can see how many I bought and how many I've used, she said no. I told her that I have the text message they just sent me saying that they adding 120 minutes plus the bonus. She said that the text message only reflects how much you bought not how much they are adding. I told her that every text I have gotten before, even on the old tracfone that I had for three years, reflected the total amount they were adding. I asked if there was someone else who knows what is going on with my phone because it didn't make sense that the service I am getting is from their company and the information being sent to my phone says that they're only adding 120 minutes with the bonus, and the balance that they have uploaded to my phone only added up the 120 minutes plus the bonus, and yet their system says they tripled the 120 minutes and gave me the bonus. She got off the phone for a few minutes and came back and told me that she has spoken with her supervisor and that they have already given me all the minutes, "they cannot and will not give me any more minutes", and they will not check on how many minutes I already had because they cannot give me anymore minutes. I asked her for her title, and she said she was not permitted to give me her title (when she answered the phone she claimed to be the manager), I asked if she had some sort of operator number, she told me it was 48602. I asked why she was not allowed to tell me her title if she was a Tracfone employee. She said she was allowed to give her name and customer service number but not her title, and that they were not going to give me anymore minutes. I asked if there was anyone who could check on my previous balance, and she repeated that they were not going to give me anymore minutes.