the first thing about the phone that caught my eye was it is the same size as an ipod touch, a bit thicker but same length and height. i haven't even activated the phone but was able to browse the web on wifi. many websites will be shown as the mobile version if the site has a mobile version. if not then the site will probably be to large and not display properly. youtube.com works surprisingly well actually. i did notice that the space button does press twice when pressed in the center but just press the left or the right. the buttons did seem a bit small for me. the touch pad in the center is like a touch screen. i would say it is close to a laser mouse as it does not take much to scroll around. if you were to accidentally rub your phone against you while watching a video, the volume might shoot up or mute. by the way you can control the volume when watching a video by scrolling up/down. the volume button on the side is still an option. the camera is only 2 mp and is okay if you have good lighting conditions, but if you don't have sufficient light then you will be frustrated. the camera does not have flash. it wouldn't kill samsung to include a flash in the phone or at least make the mega pixels amount bigger. the camcorder is okay as well. by the way the camera has more than a few options to edit a photo taken by the camera. if you import any picture or even video (you can't edit video, don't be surprised.) that has a higher resolution than the phone, then you cannot view it. same with web browsing. the speaker is very loud. louder than i had ever expected. speaker is in the back next to the lens and doesn't use the speaker for listening to a call. another thing that might have been a good idea is to light up the soft keys and the send/end buttons. not a big deal but definitely would be helpful. people say that the phone calls 911 or that the phone is unlocked by sitting in your pocket. i don't have this problem but you could also put a password on it to prevent it from happening in the first place. i doubt that you can but dial the password. another little inconvenience of the phone is that there is no button to turn the phone off. you can only turn the phone off if you are at the main screen with your wallpaper and hold the ALT LOCK button at the very right bottom corner. otherwise you have to wait 'til the screen times out. battery usage does depend on use. it can last me about a 5-day week being idle with some texting (remember i haven't activated my phone) and 1 day if i watch videos all day for about a few hours. the wifi being left on and idle will carry you through the 5-day week. one thing that is odd is that i try to find this particular phone on the tracfone website and most of the time i can't find it again as i found this phone the first time on the site. only when i put in the serial number i could find it when i tried transferring numbers and service to this phone from my old flip phone. the only reason i haven't activated the phone is because during the process some how i made it so both phones are inactive and i can only transfer numbers and service if one of them are active. as both are inactive, it leaves me dead in the water unable to do anything. i have contacted tracfone about the issue via e-mail and await a response. 'til now i would say i am more than pleased and i am sure that the triple minutes will only add to my savings. I'm another 16 year old and can't comprehend the difficulties others have with this phone. set-up is actually easy.