This is a  review for those who might be on the fence about buying a Galaxy Nexus.  I am not a phone expert, just a user who has used an iphone for the last couple years and looking for a change away from the fruit.  First impression out of the box -- wow!!  The colors are much more vivid and the navigation is simple and more fluid, there's only minor differences to get used to such as the on/off button being on the right side of the phone instead of the top, and learning the difference between the home screen and the app screen.  The phone is slightly taller but much thinner and lighter than my iphone, the Nexus feels good in your hand and button placement was smart. To get your contacts from the iphone to the Nexus is a simple process, you can either use itunes to backup your contacts to your Google account or even easier just download the BUMP app on both phones and instantly transfer all of your contacts at once over to the Nexus (yes, your iphone will still work perfectly without a sim card on it just make sure you have wifi access where you are at).I opened the box, took off the phones back cover, put in the battery, slipped in my old Tmobile 4g prepaid sim card (and quickly called Tmobile to give them my new phone's IMEI number so they could give it permission to access their network). Easy! In the box was also a headset (earbuds w mic, actually comfortable compared to my old iphone earbuds), and the wall charger that doubles as a usb data charger/connection to your computer since the data cord snaps into the small wall plug, convenient!IMPORTANT NOTE -- if you buy your Nexus from anywhere other than the Google Play store, such as the phone in this listing, there is a good chance that it is not factory unlocked and that the 3rd party seller opened the box and unlocked the phone themselves.  Not a horrible thing, but something to be aware of if you don't know the sellers reputation.  There is also a good chance that it will have the Samsung software configuration and not the popular Google software configuration.  If you have the Samsung config you will always be a step behind in updates since Google pampers this awesome phone and makes sure its version is kept current (version 4.04 at the time of writing this).  Point being if you want the latest updates first buy the phone direct from the Google Play store, otherwise there's nothing wrong with having the Samsung configuration version of the phone.  You will love the phone no matter what, it's easy and fun to use. If you are a heavy phone user watching lots of videos or play a lot of games you might want to pick up an extra battery for the phone, unlike the iphone it's easy to plop another one in on the Nexus.Things that impressed me the most -- upon plugging the phone in via usb to the pc you instantly have access to copy/paste files to the ringtones folder, photos, wallpaper, etc.... this was always a nightmare on the iphone for me since the fruit company locks everything down and makes it annoying to do anything without that bloated itunes program and 3rd party apps, custom iphone ringtones were always a pain because you had to convert them to a special file format first and were limited on ringtone file size. NO MORE with this great phone, just drag and drop your mp3s on this puppy and you can play them or assign custom ringtones for each person.  Point being, customization is made simple on the Nexus.  Out of the box it's a stock unrooted Nexus in all its glory.  If you are an ultra geek you can customize the phone even deeper by flashing your favorite custom ROM on the phone, which if you aren't familiar with that it essentially lets you tweak the phone even further to update the os to increase performance, battery life, add new visuals and options, etc. (not necessary, but it is a fun option if you like to tinker and have some geek in you).The only con of the phone, and I hate to even call it that, is the 5mp camera.  Most smartphones nowadays have at least 8mp.  I take a lot of photos with my phone, and to be honest 5mp is plenty of the average user.  The photos I've taken so far were crisp and bright, no complaints.  In deciding between the Nexus and the newly launched Galaxy S3, the Nexus has much better battery life and is half the price. WINNER! :) It would have been nice to have the FM radio feature of the S3, but with all the free internet radio available to me it's not a dealbreaker. Another great note, the famed "S voice" on the newest Galaxy S3 (the answer the Iphones Siri voice) is also available to add to the Galaxy Nexus, so if you like to talk to your phone and have it talk back there's one more reason to love this phone. Once you have the phone in your hand you will forget about the fruit phone and embrace the Nexus in all its glory.If you buy a car charger I recommend the Motorola micro-USB one that can be bought from this site, it's around five dollars and is more powerful than other chargers and can keep up with the battery charge needs if you use your phone for GPS.  Hope this helped, enjoy!