I bought this phone for $19.99 and am extremely happy with it. For one penny at the current price, this is a steal.I switched from an iPhone 4s which I had used for two years, and, which had served me very well. However, I wanted a bigger screen, 4G speed and "landscape" view for maps, and, I didn't have the money to upgrade to the newest iPhone. So, I bought this Android device, instead. I don't regret the switch, at all.PROSScreen size -- a gorgeous 5.5", close to best-in-class with 1080p and 401 ppi resolution, great clarity, brightness and colors. An absolute joy to use.Battery life -- Stellar; you will easily get through the day with heavy usage. A big improvement over the iPhone. If you reduce the screen brightness, you can squeeze more life out of the battery.Phone size -- Yeah, it's big, but, it still fits into my jeans front pocket. The large size of the phone also means that it's easier to grip, and harder to drop, because you have a better grip on it. I haven't dropped it once in over 3 months of use.Processing power -- Quad core, 1.7 Ghz, more than powerful enough for everyday tasks and occasional gaming. Can be switched to dual-core as an energy-saving feature.Storage space -- a generous 32 GB, with an extra 64 GB available if you add a Micro SD card.Removable battery -- this was the closer for me. I like the fact that the battery is removable. This allows you to carry a spare around (although, with the great battery life of this phone, you really don't need to do this), and, further down the road, to eventually replace the battery entirely when the re-charging capacity is reduced, thus greatly extending the life and functionality of your phone.User interface -- Very easy to use. LG's "skin" for the Android operating system is not overly gaudy or showy. There are a bunch of pre-installed junk programs, but, you can delete most of them. Most everything on this phone can be customized to fit your preferences.Camera -- Quite excellent. I actually reduce the picture resolution from the default 13 megapixels (which creates ridiculously large image file sizes) down to a more reasonable 8 megapixels (which creates picture files of roughly 2 megabytes in size).LED-lit Home button -- Very cool. There is a multi-color LED backlight surrounding the home button, which can serve as a notification.COULD BE BETTERSpeaker -- Adequate, but, not great. Sound quality is fine for speakerphone calls, but, it could be better. Worthless for listening to music.CONSCall answering -- A minor gripe, but, still worth mentioning. The call answering gesture is the most idiotic that I've seen on a smartphone -- instead of simply tapping "Answer (a ringing phone icon)," you have to do a swipe of the phone icon that is actually more tricky to pull off than it should be. Really stupid.Apps that I recommend:Inomail Lite -- the best e-mail program that I've used. Very similar interface to iPhone's e-mail.Google Voice -- Allows you to make free texts, using a Google Voice number.Dictionary.com -- Great dictionary.Opera web browser -- The best Android browser, in my opinion. The only one that lets you easily create website bookmarks, amazingly, and, which has browser controls at the bottom of the screen.Note that, as of 1/18/2014, AT&T; has revised the smartphone plans on its website to the decidedly more costly "Mobile share" plans, but, if you buy your phone from Amazon, you can still choose the cheaper "Nation Talk" plans. Here's why I don't think the Mobile share plans make sense. Yes, they offer unlimited talk and text, but, I never came close to using my 450 minutes a month, and, with rollover, those unused minutes are available to you the next month. As far as texting -- I chose to pay per text with my Nation Talk plan, and I simply use Google Voice texting app to text for free. There are other apps that allow you to do free MMS texting. If a few texts are sent to me via AT&T;'s SMS texting service, I pay 20 cents per message (30 cents for pictures), which doesn't come close to the $20 charged fee for unlimited texting. Here is my breakdown of available plans:Nation Talk 450 (2-year contract):450 talk minutes (with rollover) - $39.993 GB of data - $30.0020 cents per text, or, $20 for unlimited texting (better to pay per text, and use the Google Voice app for free texting)Monthly total - $69.99, plus taxes and feesMobile share plan (2-year contract):Unlimited talk and text2 GB of data - $55 ($70 for the next tier, 4 GB)Connection fee - $40Monthly total - $95, plus taxes and feesMobile share plan (no contract; bear in mind that you will pay the full purchase price of your smartphone, potentially hundreds of dollars):Unlimited talk and text2 GB of data - $55 ($70 for the next tier, 4 GB)Connection fee - $25Monthly total - $80, plus taxes and fees