Where I work there seems to be a fixation on Casio "rugged" cell phones.They have issued three models over the last 6 years including the Bolder, Ravine and Commando.Each was a "new" thing to get use to and each had/has their issues.The Commando is vastly worse than the Bolder and Ravine.I have three serious issues with this phone;1.) The battery life is worse than my old Palm Treo, worse than ANY cell phone I have ever owned including Motorola, Palm, Sanyo, Casio, and many more. I get between 16 hours and 1 day, 4 hours. The phone even kills the battery if you turn it off and leave it in your car over the weekend. I have taken to removing the battery at night to give myself some breathing room in the morning before I have to tether the phone to a wall. Remember corded phones? Remember not being able to walk across the room without yanking the cord tight and snapping the phone receiver out of your hand? It's like that.2.) The phone places every person in your Contact List who you call or receive a call from into the Favorites List. Do not confuse this activity with the Call Log, that is another list of call transactions. Unlike the Call Log, you can NOT remove a person from your Favorites List without deleting their associated Contact from your Contacts List. You can remove single entries from the Call Log. The "delete" is missing from the Favorites List.3.) The SMS Text application does not count characters as you enter your message. ALL the rest of the Casio phones (Bolder and Ravine) provide this essential function except the Commando. Why is this important? An SMS Text Message is limited to 160 characters. If you compose a message longer than 160 characters, the Cell System, not the phone, divides the message into a second message. this causes you to pay for two messages at full price even if "your" message is only 161 (or more) characters. This is compounded greatly should you be sending to everyone in a group. Imagine how quickly you can rip through your 250 message-per-month allotment should you NOT count those characters... ever try counting characters? It's hard.Update: I found a new bug. If you receive a call, say on Monday and you then go about your activities you will notice you have an entry in your Call Log recording this call. Very normal, nothing to review here... But wait, there's more. If you shut-down your phone at the end of the day, say like to conserve the battery overnight and then you take the next day off and do not turn the phone back on until Wednesday, you will see in your Call Log the call you received on Monday showing as a call received "yesterday". Tapping on this call to look at the details will show the correct date and time however when you return to the overview list, the call still shows as "yesterday. The Call Log application fails to recognize the period of time which the phone was shut-down and reports the call as having been received on Tuesday, even when you know that both the call its self was received on Monday and the phone was powered-off all day Tuesday. I'll call this a bug not an "issue" as it's reproducible and persistent and demonstrates a failure in the software.Another Update: Twice, after the conclusion of a call the phone started to vibrate erratically. At first I thought I had done something to the phone so I showed it to a coworker while it was "spazzing-out" as he said. The display would rapidly shift between several screens and the vib motor seemed to be responding to the sounds in the room or sending me Mores code messages. We both tried to get it to stop and failed so I removed the battery and reinstalled it.This has happened twice, both times with witnesses. This sort of stuff may be why the battery in these phones doesn't last very long.I spoke with a representative of Verison (spelling error, I know) about the SMS thing and the other two issues. He said he could "relate" and was able to reproduce the Favorites and SMS problems on the phone he had at his disposal. He did not directly address the battery life issue but implied that he was aware of the large number of people in the Forum complaining of similar problems.I have other problems with the Commando, such as the persistent "please unplug your charger" nag message and the "sticky" rubberized coating on the casing. A "rugged" phone should be easier to clean as it's going to get dirty in use. Also, the speaker ports are trash magnets, the big magnets in there combined with the large and numerous openings contribute to a lot of stuff getting in there.Lastly, I would like to point-out that the phone will not sit flat on a table. If you turn it over and look you will notice that Casio put a protrusion around the earphone cover opening which extends below the common back surface of the phone. This "bump" makes for a two-point contact with the table top that makes the phone rock back and forth as you tap at the screen. A touch-screen phone that you MUST hold in your hand to get anything done. Ever try to get any work done with both hands on your cell phone? You can't even properly go to the bathroom this way.I was unable to get -ANY- support through my company's cell provider so I'm taking this advantage to warn others about this horrible cell phone.