All right...Let me begin by stating that I am not very knowlegedable on the pros and cons of smart phones, but when I made the decision to upgrade my 6 year old Nokia, I started researching the kazillion newer phones on the market. Whew! I quickly became overwhelmed with what's out there and with the functions of these high tech devises. So confused and overwhelmed I was that I almost gave up looking before barely getting started. So...the first rule is: DECIDE WHAT FUNCTIONS AND APPLICATIONS YOU WANT IN A NEW PHONE. Everybody's needs and wants are different, so, deciding what you're looking for a phone to do will GREATLY narrow your search!I always owned Nokia phones, so I started my search there. within minutes I found the phone for me...the Nokia N8. I read all I could find about this phone... on many website reviews...including here on Amazon, and there were many pros and con reviews. I paid close attention to the "cons" of this phone because I wanted to get a feel on what in particular those reviewers didn't like about it. Many of these people got a bit too technical for me, but I began to see a pattern developing. Almost everyone complained about the Symbian3 OS and how sluggish it could be compared to the Android phones. Many also complained that Symbian does not offer the multitude of apps that Android does. Some reviewers complained that you have to "touch"  too many icons on the Nokis N8 to find the application they were lookng for...that's about it.Since I've never owned an Android phone, nor am I interested in thousands of Apps that I'm sure most are usless, I kept going back to the Nokia N8. I liked that the N8 has an all aluminum anodized casing with it's Gorilla glass. The 12 megapixel camera was a major plus for me because I take a lot of photos, and being able to shoot videos in full HD sounded incredible. I liked that the Nokia N8 has a built in 16MB memory with a slot to add more external memory when needed. After watching many videos on Utube demonstrating the functons of this phone, I knew this was the one for me.I've had the Nokia N8 for only a few days now and am still learning it's capabilities, but let me tell you this...I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT! This "phone"...it's really a mini computer...is INCREDIBLE. The few photos I've taken so far are indescribable...as if a professional photographer took them. And the one HD movie I've taken is just the same. I am selling my other two digital cameras, cause they're usless now.I have only one slight concern regarding this phone, and that is the Users Manual.It's programmed into the phone and I find it a bit difficult to learn the phone's functions from it. I found it much easier to access thd manual from NokiaUSA.com/support. Another great help is going to Utube and watching the demos on there. For me, visually seeing someone show you how to navigate through the N8 is much easier to understand.Each day, I'm finding out new information about the N8 and what it can do and I'm blown away. Today, I learned that you can "tell" the phone to call anyone in your contact list. You don't have to dial any numbers...just say the person's name and the phone repeats it to you and then dials the number itself! Just ask it "What time is it?" and it'll tell you!To sum this up. If anyone's looking for an extremely well built, multi-functional phone with an incredible 12 megapixel camera with a Carl Zeiss lens and HD video, this should be a serious contender. J