[note: as of 4/6/2014, you can do better by purchasing elsewhere.  Tracfone online will give you an LG 440G for free (and with free shipping) when you buy it together with an airtime card.  Offer good until 9/30/2014.  I just bought a spare LG 440G yesterday at a local "dollar" store for $5.  I still love the phone.]I recently upgraded my Tracfone service from a four year old Motorola v170 (2G) to this LG 440G (3G).  I like the flip phone format, even if it's considered out of date by most.  This 440G is excellent for purely voice communications and is acceptable for receiving (but not sending) texts and emails.  In fact, my LG 440G is better at voice than my wife's smartphone.  As long as that's really all you want, this phone plus a Tracfone $100 one-year airtime card is the best value on Planet Earth.Pro:  A 3G phone has access to a lot more cell tower hardware than a 2G phone.  Connectivity is tremendously improved over my old Motorola v170.  I find that I get good voice service in all of the dead zones that I had with the v170.  The Motorola couldn't connect from the inside of my home (stucco over heavy sheet metal wrap, circa 1915), or inside my local Costco, or from the basement of my office building, or while walking with the dog at the Mount Tom reservation in Holyoke, Mass.  The LG 440G works OK in all of these locations, AND everywhere else I've used it.  No more having to go out to the front porch to make a call!The construction is solid.  Voice quality with speakerphone turned off is excellent.  I haven't experienced the problems with voice quality noted in GusHerb's one star review.  However, I do agree that the speakerphone feature is better for camping out on hold than it is for actual conversation.The camera is functional should you need it, but don't buy this phone if a good camera is important to you.Con:  Some of Tracfone's online advertising states that this phone has WiFi features in addition to 3G connectivity.  Somebody please correct me if I'm wrong, but the WiFi part appears to be a mistake.  WiFi isn't mentioned on the box the LG 440G ships in, or in the owner's manual.  There aren't any menu options that I can find to set a WiFi SSID or password.Do not buy the similar LG 430G here on Amazon without doing your research.  It's important not to confuse this 440G with the 430G.  The 430G is a T-mobile phone, while most of Tracfone's network is on ATT.  Do a search on Tracfone's web site for phones available in your zip code.  If the 430G isn't listed, it's just a paperweight for you.Please keep in mind that this is a disposable phone that sold for $10 outright when I originally wrote this review, and even less as of the update above.  Obviously, it's going to be found wanting if you want more features than just excellent voice service.If you would rather have a touch screen Android smartphone with more features and access to a ton of apps, but with slightly poorer voice service, then please read my review here on Amazon of the Tracphone LG L39C:http://www.amazon.com/review/R39UGNG4BGAEEF/ref=cm_cr_pr_cmt?ie=UTF8&ASIN;=B00HPX2NTG#Please read my L39C review carefully and follow the bread crumbs to the bundle that I actually purchased.  The Tracfone LG L39C smartphone can be had for dirt cheap, as I allude to, and offers incredible value in the low end, introductory Android smartphone format.  My wife and I bought one of these for her, and we both love it.  Nonetheless, I prefer to stick with this LG 440G flip phone for myself.