I bought this phone on June 28th 2010. Let me give you some background information before I write this review to tell you what use this phone had...I am a pretty heavy texter, about 400 a day so I could easily fill 2 of the phones inboxes and I talk about 250-300 minutes a month and occasionally use the internet on the phone.  It was all good with the phone for about 9 months. The speaker worked great, the camera is tolerable for what you pay, holds contacts, buttons are small but you get used to them, ringer is loud and vibrate is quiet, you can have animated wallpapers which I like a lot, and overall it is a tolerable cell phone. Now to the bad, well for starters to turn off vibrate and make it completely silent you need to navigate the menus to find out where the sound menu is. Also, where the directional buttons are around the center button the one that goes right is programmed to go to the internet to refill account, well every time you hit the button by accident because the phone is not as fast as you would like it literally nickel and dimes you, this same thing happens with the center button. Also, I downloaded this FACEBOOK CHAT app which cost 5 bucks and I carefully read the directions and it will not work, this is also an annoyance because loaded FACEBOOK takes FOREVER so I thought hey this chat thing may be good-nope! If you want an internet phone, this is not for you! It is very slow and holds like 15 favorites and has pretty bad graphics so you can't see what you're doing. Not to mention the amount of money the internet will cost on this thing. It seems like 2 dollars a minute on the internet and the data packages aren't very good either. The casing on the phone looks acceptable but every time you drop the stupid thing the battery covers flies off along with the battery. Also, the finish scratches very easily and the paint off the battery cover will chip. Also, me being a teenager I have texted in school, the only problem is trying to be quiet because these buttons make so much noise and when the room is quiet the buttons sound so loud. A few weeks ago I had this phone in my backpack on the last day of school and my backpack I believe is an average weight and I had my phone in one of the pockets and my iPOD and the screen on the phone cracked and it is so hard to read the time and text now, and the crack isn't in the middle of the screen like you'd think its on the stronger edge of it which makes me question its strength. Also, on the day it turned 1 year old vibrate just stopped working and the screen has been freezing, its been dropping calls, not sending texts, and NO web access.All in all for a short time, this phone will do but if you want a long term one than go with something else. I am now getting the LG PRIME...it just arrived and you can see my review on that and the nikon finepix s2950