As I write this I've had the Samsung T528G for about two weeks, with Straight Talk service.STRAIGHT TALK COMMENT:Straight Talk has been fine so far. Service has been fine. I just spent the weekend out in the boondocks, and I didn't have service. My wife had service with her Verizon phone if she stood at the very top of a hill facing a certain direction. Other than that, Straight Talk has worked out great. And that one incident isn't worth paying $30 extra dollars a month for.THE PHONE:Phones are not a big source of interest or entertainment for me. I simply want an effective communication device that doesn't cost too much, and doesn't cause a lot of frustration. This one fits the bill very well. Call quality is fine.One thing I do deeply appreciate it the easy and effective lock mechanism. Every phone I've had for the past five years "pocket dials" - even when locked. This phone, however, is a one-button lock, that stays locked until I say so. It's easy to unlock also, but not accidentally. Thank you!TOUCH SCREEN:I'm in my forties, so touch screens are still kind of a novelty for me. My fingers are about average for a man. Even so, I found overall that the screen  was responsive and easy to use.The QWERTY keypad (context dependent) is a little small. I've only sent about five texts, so in fact, I'm still getting used to it. I'm pretty sure it will be fine once I get used to it. I turned off the "T9" feature which guesses which word you are trying to type. It's worthless because you can't keep adding new letters once it kicks in.The other aspects of the touch screen are easy and responsive.WIDGET FUNCTION:This is the only part of the phone which I dislike. I view the whole concept as a design flaw. There is a little side bar that will slide out and offer you widgets (like an alarm clock, or a calculator, or weather report). These can all be accessed through the tools menu elsewhere on the phone. The idea is, the widget bar gets you there faster.Three issues: first, once you tap the widget on the bar, it doesn't actually open the widget - it just puts it out onto the main screen. You then have to tap (or double-tap, depending on the widget) to open it. Silly and pointless. In most cases it is the same number of taps to go to menu>tools>[whatever widget you want].Second, once you have used your widget, it sits out there on the main screen, cluttering it up. Widgets easily get put on top of one another, making them hard to access, which is exactly opposite of the point. Third, I have a lot of trouble getting the widgets to go back onto the widget bar when I'm done with them. The idea is to tap once and drag the widget back onto the bar. You shouldn't have to do this in the first place. But, you do, and it is very hard to convince the phone that you don't simply want to reposition the widget icon to the left side of the screen. You have to find just the right sweet spot to get it go back to the bar.So, I hate the widget function. There, it's out of my system.MUSICThe music player is a decent, functional tool, with the ability to transfer playlists even from my non-standard media library (Media Jukebox). You'll definitely want to get a decent sized micro sd to keep the music on. I created my own ringtone for my wife with few problems.WI-FIThe wi-fi function is nice - when available, you can browse the internet from a wifi connection and not use up any network bandwith. In other words, you can get `free' internet when wi-fi is available.OTHER TOOLS:I often use alarms, countdown timers and calculators. This phone has all three, and they all work just fineCAMERA/CAMCORDERI haven't used the camcorder. The camera is 2MP, which isn't that great these days. It's OK in a pinch (like when I'm fishing) but if I expect to take pictures, I'm carrying my 12 MP zoom camera.WEB BROWSER, FACEBOOKI'm too old to get used to these tiny screens. I don't even like browsing the web on my 7" Nook Color - so I didn't care for these functions on this phone, simply because of size.APPS:As I said, I don't look at phones as a source of entertainment. I don't think this phone would be a good one in any case. There are "apps" available from Samsung. The following sentence will tell you all you need to know about them: There are 22 apps - total. If you want anything that doesn't come standard with the phone, this is not the unit for you.Overall, a good little phone if you want a basic phone with a few of the "standard" extras.