I don't have this audio problem that people are complaining about. The only time I have a problem is when the person I'm talking to has a bad phone or poor service. Perhaps there were some bad shipments?This is my second review for this phone because I've had it for about a month now, I just want to point out a bunch of observations.Pros:-Again, the pictures of this phone do not do it justice. The color is more of a shiny cobalt, dark red, and silver instead of that flat color/white that these pictures show. I'm sure the same goes for the other colors.-LOUD! The speaker on the outside is the ringer instead of the earpiece. I've had a lot of trouble with past phones and other people complain about how they never hear their phone ring. If you turn the volume up on this you will always hear it.-External color LCD is a nice touch, especially when someone with a photo assigned calls.-Camera takes good quality pictures, even though camera phones are mostly pointless.-Side buttons are set in nicely so they don't get pressed very easily.-Normal button layout. Nokia thinks they are innovative by making the numbers in different layouts, but really it is just annoying and always will mess you up, no matter how long you have your phone.-Buttons inside are smooth and the screen doesn't get imprints from them. I've heard of this happening on other phones, but never this one.-Settings, after settings, after settings. There are a lot of options that you are able to set on this phone.-Phonebook will remember which number to default calling to (home, mobile, work) by pressing left right when you are hovering over the name.-I find myself turning the volume down when having conversations with people because it is often loud enough in normal mode to use it as a speakerphone.-Lightweight-1 Beep volume setting is nice. It is not disruptive and you will still know that you are getting a call.-Click-locks open/closed. This is not one of those phones that just randomly falls open all the time. Only problem is, I like the clicking and I open and close it constantly. It is okay though, because there is no sign of wearing out!-Voice services are great. Voice ring-tones can let you know who is calling audibly.-White LED by camera is great when you are in the dark. Just hold down a volume button while the phone is closed for the light to come on. I use it plenty.Cons:-Probably not bad, but annoying, that the lid, only when closed, is a tiny bit jiggly.-Can't turn down the ringer volume without opening the phone up.-Soft keys (bottom of screen buttons) are always Memo and Web, can't change them. I actually wish that they could be hidden.-Number keys are hard to locate when you aren't looking or going through recorded caller systems. I always have to look to make sure I press the right buttons.-Casing is smooth and shiny and constantly full of fingerprints and smudges.-I don't like the menu system style and graphics, but that's all personal preference (from a designer perspective).-The volume buttons are hard to press during a call. It takes some getting used to with your ring-finger.-Unable to sync to my Mac.-Talk time is pretty low. 80 minutes.-No pre-installed games.Overall though, I recommend this phone to everyone. It has durability, style, and features that will please everyone. I wouldn't believe the people who say the audio quality is bad, mine is great. The external speaker and color LCD give this phone a bit more functionality and class than other phones. Be cool, stay in school... and buy this phone!