I absolutely love this phone! It fits my needs to a T - although my needs may not be the same as yours. For instance, I'm not a social butterfly and don't do Facebook or Twitter. What I do love about this phone is the amazing camera and video capabilities, music playback/streaming abilities, and Maps with voice guidance.The camera is the true star of this phone and plenty has been written and reviewed about it, so I won't go into this other than to say that even a non-photographer such as myself can take some fantastic pics. Check some of the Flickr groups to see what this phone is capable of. It is truly jaw-dropping. I am dedicated to improving my camera skills thanks to the Pureview. And knowing that you have a world class camera with you AT ALL TIMES is a great feeling.For music- I'm a big fan of internet radio and there are plenty of options with Symbian/Nokia Belle. They have their own very nice Internet Radio app (great home screen widget) available free in the Ovi store. I also found another free and capable app called RadioSymba that is available via SourceForge. But I love and use LCG Jukebox (paid app) from Lonely Cat Games. Get it.Regarding the bugs that much has been written about in these reviews and elsewhere: the rebooting issue manifested after 2-3 weeks of ownership but now has disappeared. I'm not sure if it was something I did to stabilize the phone, but it's rock solid now. In fact, it has the best call quality in my basement (notorious black hole) than any phone I've had. No drops or disconnects.What I did: 1) Reinstalled the OS through Nokia Suite 2) turned APN control off (settings> connectivity> settings> APN Control- long press, it will scan the SIM and then report Access Unrestricted. Hope that helps. FWIW: I have T-Mobile and got a new micro-sim rather than cutting down an old one. Speaking of T-Mobile (and why I love Nokia)-- my first Nokia phone was the 5230 Nuron T-Mobile branded/locked. When T-Mo introduced that phone they offered unlimited high speed data for $10/mo. Why? They didn't consider Nokia/Symbian to be a "smartphone" (thanks iPhone/Android snobbery). I realized that by sticking with Symbian and Nokia's  pentaband tuners I have truly unlimited 3.5G data for $10 a month and a flagship device.Nokia Maps are the standard bearer of the industry and work flawlessly, and voice guidance is amazing. I listen to music as I travel (of course) and the music fades for instructions and then resumes. I find that I never even have to look at the map! Nokia City Lens is also a very cool tool and works on the 808 (but there is a trick to it). Google maps also work, plus many other map options and accessory tools free from the Ovi store.Vlingo Virtual Assistant is another cool tool for voice recognition tasks. Speak a text or email, call a friend, search the Web: I've composed texts with this when I don't feel like typing.Wifi works flawlessly at home or out and about. Last week I sat outside in front of a car repair shop for 3 hrs. and streamed internet radio using their wifi.FM Transmitter is here as well and I use this in my wife's car as her in-dash stereo does not have aux inputs.Dukto is an app that lets you send files to or from your PC wirelessly and works great.I feel that with this phone I have every function covered for what one should realistically expect from a smartphone. About the only thing not available is a Netflix app. But, really, do I want to watch movies on a 4 inch screen? No, I don't. In fact I rarely use YouTube on my phone.Bottom line: this phone is for the discriminating connoisseur who doesn't feel the need to be part of the herd.Accessories I use:EMPIRE Nokia 808 PureView Poly Skin Case Cover (Clear "V" Shape) [EMPIRE PackagingNokia 02732Q6 HH-23 PureView 808 Tripod Mount - Retail Packaging - BlackJoby GP1-A1EN GorillaPod Flexible Tripod (Grey and Black)SanDisk Ultra 64 GB microSDXC Class 10 UHS-1 Memory Card 30MB/s with Adapter SDSDQUA-064G-U46A