The sanyo 8100 is the flagship phone for Sprint's PCS network, with a plethora of features and lots of style points. As far as I know this phone will ONLY work with SPRINT - so keep that in mind. This is probably the reason many reviewers have chosen to factor the sprint service into thier ratings and into their reviews, which makes some sense, however keep in mind that the quality of service given by a particular provider varies greatly by region.When first looking at the phone you'll notice it's very compact, and also very stylish. the design is top notch, it not only looks good but is very functional. The flip (clam shell) design is put to good use, with a smaller LCD on the outside and a main LCD on the inside. Both of these displays are color and fairly crisp. The outter LCD is used for caller ID as well as displaying wristwatch-like info (time, signal strength etc) while not being used. Buttons are a bit cumbersome for people with big fingers... but that's the case with most cell phones anyway. Navigating the menus is fairly intuitive, although entering letters and characters in the dark is a problem.This phone is PACKED with features. You can browse the web in full color. However to anyone who hasnt used the web on a cell phone yet, dont expect an experience ANYWHERE near what you get on your computer. The small screen and akward charachetr input methods make surfing the www less of a hobby and more of a chore. That said this feature can be immensley useful. The phone has a built in camera, which takes decent, albeit small, photos. You can then email these pictures to friends straight form the phone, or you can opt to use them as "photo caller id" (the picture will display on the LCD when a certain person in your phone book calls. You can also customize your phone with full color wallpaper, animated characters, nice sounding polyphonic ringers, and a variety of games - all downloadable on the net, some for a cost however. There's also some built in aps such as a calendar with limited PIM functionality, a phone book that can store upto 300 entries, each with upto 7 numbers, an email addy and a web addy, there's a calculator, a world clock, and you can download aditional aps to provide a whole number of other uses and features (such as aps that use the phone's location features to give "onstar" like functionality). Of course there is text messaging, voice memos, and a bunch more.You can use the web through sprint's PCS vision service to send/recieve email, or log onto AIM, MSN messenger, or yahoo messenger. This is a great convenience, but seeing as how none of these interfaces are very user friendly, and character typing is a pain - you'll quickly realise that this is more for use when you need to tell someone something really quick rather than recreational chatting. With AIM, the messages take a long time to load and it's a bit tedious to use because of the web based interface - too bad there isnt a downloadable ap for it, or built in capabillities, either or which would have improved performance vastly.The phone's battery life is good, but not great, happily thanks to the travel charger you can talk while the phone is plugged in and/or charging. The antena extends to help you get a better signal, and the phone works on both digital and analog networks for roaming. The ringer and reciever are loud, which is good. A number of settings will probably overwhelm you at first, but offers a lot of power and flexabillity.The only draw back is that the phone is directly tied to sprint, so if you dont like sprint, you wont have a good experience here (remember cell phone provider service quality completely depends on where you live). Sprint offers good plans and decent (though not great) coverage, though they like to nickel and dime you any chance they get, (PCS vision package is requiered for picture sending, email and or web access). The quality of the sprint network varies, call quality is ussually very good, but dropped calls can be a bit of a problem, particularly while on the go. Also if you want to synch ur phone with your computer you'll need to buy a kit to do so, however this kit also supposedly will allow you to use your phone as a mobile modem for a laptop - very cool.All in all, I love this phone, and only have a handful of minor complaints or reservations about it. I havent seen a more complete, feature rich phone yet.