Seller was "Best N Price". Purchased phone back in October 2011. At first, the phone was great. Good battery life, decent speed, great signal, etc. etc. I had downloaded applications with no problem. Within a few months, the charge port quit working and I had to put weight on the charger jack (to keep it at an angle) in order for the phone to charge.I figured I could deal with it, a bit annoying, but doable - thought it would save me the headache of dealin with the seller and trying to return and yada yada yada.Later I realized that your FaceBook contacts do not Synch properly (I have literally tried everything short of uninstalling and reinstalling the FaceBook application). But, whatever.Also, the WiFi does in fact turn itself on...even when you turn it off. That is irritating. But ok...Now...battery does not hold charge as long as it used to. Ok, that happens. Phone restarts itself about 3 times a day...ok, maybe I can reset it back to factory settings and see if that helps (pain in the butt, but better than trying to deal with a return or buying a new one).The deal breaker: NO AUDIO SPEAKER now, it's quit working. Have to have sound on my phone - that is a must. It will vibrate but no ringer, no alarm, no alerts, no music, nadda. Can talk on it, but can't use the speaker phone on it.Since it's been less than a year I contacted the seller but I doubt anything will come of it. After doing some research on some other websites here is what I found to be VERY common problems with this phone:  - Defective Charger Port: usually comes loose within a few weeks to a few months  - Defective Audio Speaker: on top of poor quality it will randomly cut out or not work. Eventually, it quits working all together.  - Uncontrollable WiFi configurations: Turn it off and it will turn itself back on. This seems to have started with one of the OS updates during 2012  - Does not Synchronize Accounts: Though it says that it does and has synchronized your accounts, it does not synchronize everything (FaceBook friends, Email contacts, etc). These issues also seemed to have started after an OS update. Sometimes, uninstalling and reinstalling applications can help and sometimes it takes a factory reset on your phone, then update the phone OS and once phone is completely updated THEN install your applications & set-up your accounts. Will not update after that point though...just brings you up to date.  - Deteriorating battery life - this happens with a lot of phones but usually not until at least the one year mark (usually two years).  - Constant phone restart - this is disputed because of applications and viruses and what not...but it's a common complaint about the phone.For anyone that is looking to purchase this phone...it is a great phone - but not really worth the $$ when it has all these issues. Would recommend looking for a more up-to-date phone or make sure you get insurance with it and do back-ups of all your contacts so when you do start having issues, you can get it easily replaced.