I will try to keep this review short. I will be doing a lot of comparisons to my previous Tracfone model, the LG 500G.Pros:-Triple minutes-Bigger keys than 500G-Wider screen than 500G-Supports microSD cards up to 32 gigs-MicroSD card not located under battery like the 500G-Cheap-Scratch-resistant back cover with nice textured feel to it-Lighter than the 500G-Faster and more responsive than 500G-Slightly better camera than 500G (2MP vs 1.3MP)Cons:-No improvements to music player. Actually it's worse in some ways. I will elaborate more below.-Not as easy to send text messages on. I will elaborate more on this as well-Still has the browser button on main screen that you can accidentally hit, thus burning through your minutes without realizing it-No improvement on battery life over 500G-Touch-sensitive middle button can take some getting used to-Takes longer to start up than 500G-No navigation buttons (up, down, left, right buttons)-No preloaded gamesI was most disappointed by the music player. It displays less songs than the 500G (3 compared to 6), and you can't use the volume button on the side of the phone to scroll up and down pages. You can use the middle button to scroll up and down, but if you slide your finger to the left or right it will exit the library and force you to start over again. It can be really irritating if you have a larger music collection like me.Also, when you text, each key will only register when you take your finger off of whatever key you are pressing. The 500G registered when you pushed the key down making texting faster. Also, if you happen to press two keys at the same time, it will input two of the second letter you pressed. It's kind of confusing to describe but it is really annoying because you constantly have to delete text if you type fast.I also suggest turning the grid menu style off. It is the default and can be quite difficult to navigate if you are not used to the touch-sensitive style of phones. (Menu -> Settings -> Display -> Menu style).Overall I am disappointed with this phone. The two features I use the most (music player and texting) are harder to use and have less functionality than my previous phone. I was hoping for some major improvements over the 500G and in some ways it is, but in other ways it is a step backwards. I am still waiting for that one perfect Tracfone but it doesn't look like any manufacturer wants to step up to the plate.8/12/13 edit: So I am marking this phone down a star. It seems to like to stop getting a cell phone signal whenever it wants. It requires me to restart the phone in order to get my signal back. In an emergency situation, this could be very dangerous. Also it causes me to miss calls completely, often for hours at a time because I don't realize it's happened until I look at my phone. I simply cannot recommend this phone for this reason.