I bought this device at Walgreen's with the NET10 (aka Tracfone) Unlimited service. At first it was the best thing since sliced bread and I would have bee more than happy to to have come on here and give it 5 stars. It worked well and had many features, and of course it was dirt cheap. Touch screen for less than $50 bucks! Who could complain, right? Well, sit back, because I'm going to do so now.After you buy this phone to set it up you must either log into NET10's site or call their 1-800 number from ANOTHER phone. Waste of time. Oh...and if you buy the phone after hours forget the latter option. They will be closed. And yes, after hours includes weekends.The phone uses resistive touch technology. That means that the screen is soft and actually depresses when you touch it. That makes selecting an item difficult at times and requires numerous touches, even though the phone will vibrate or make a sound telling you that it has received input. If the item you are trying to select is close to the edge of the screen, forget it. Try to drag the view away from the edge or get a stylus. Your finger will be useless.Browsing the internet on this thing is a nightmare. Of course the browser is as basic as it gets and is as slow as cold lava. Most web pages will have too much content and when that happens you are told, but then instead of just aborting the process, it also kicks you offline and you go back to your splash screen! This requires you to restart the browser, yet again. One solution to this is to disable browsing with images. Open each image one at a time (by touching the icon, preferably with your stylus), refreshing the page after each image has been viewed. Be sure to make the resolution as small as possible when opening images because ONE large image can also render you in the original situation as well. Opening more than one at a time MAY render you in the original situation.The service was 30 days unlimited, which for the most part it is, but NET10/Tracfone has this annoying habit of giving you 50,000 minutes and counting down from that EVERY TIME you use the phone. No month has 50,000 minutes in it, so that's fine, but seeing how many minutes are deducted before or after EVERY action (including receiving and sending texts) is a waste of time. There is no ability to call or text overseas with this service.The sign of things to come came a month after I got it. I got wet in the rain one day and the phone (although it was in my pocket the entire time and was not exposed to direct wetting) stopped working. It eventually came back on by itself. about a month after that one day I was sending a text to a friend of mine and it just hung up and reset itself. And it kept restarting and shutting down for hours on end. I could not get it to stop. I eventually just threw it away. I don't miss it. (Well...I do miss the "Good Morning" ringtone that used to be my alarm! It really sets the morning out on the right foot and will be guaranteed to have you humming or singing it ALL day. Heck, even friends will join in. Now that I'm back home I will install it on my own phone for sure!) I replaced the 800G with another NET10 phone because I figured I had the number already so I might as well just continue with it since I only had a week left in the US. All I had to do was swap the chip and I would be good, right? Not with NET10/Tracfone. The old SIM was useless. To get back my number I had to log into the website and move my old account to the new phone. A Fairly simple task, but unnecessary in today's world.In short, I don't like this phone and I don't like NET10/Tracfone. I plan to throw away the other phone I bought (itself was garbage on an entirely different level) and never look back. You get what you pay for in this phone/service. But my advice is for the potential buyer to wait a few more weeks, save up the extra money and buy a proper phone. Get one with capacitive touch technology (like an iPhone or a Samsung Galaxy) and find a better service provider. Please. Do yourself a favour and avoid the hassle.