I absolutely adore this phone. I think for under $[...]there is not a single unlocked handset that would match with the Nokia E63's value. And at [..], the deal just got sweeter. If you disagree and has a better mobile phone in mind, feel free to comment and rebuke! :)Do not be fooled by the pictures and videos. They cannot do this phone justice. The camera adds 5 pounds to the phone! ;p But the phone feels actually very compact in my hands, with a very nice grip because of the rubbery back. It feels quite sturdy in spite of the plastic construction.The Ultramarine Blue is SEXY. It is very subtle and looks almost onyx at a certain angle, while at other angles it is actually shiny and stylish (thanks to the large 2.4' screen and the metal direction pad).The important thing is, if you think this phone may be too bulky for you, you need to actually see it and feel it in your hands to feel its efficient design.Good:- uber large battery (I can go on about 4 days without charging, and that is with about everyday use of 30 text, an hour of music playing, web browsing, youtube, email, few calls etc)- Functionality - does everything: mp3 (3.5mm standard jack), video, email, bluetooth, etc.- Expandability - S60 V3 FP2 is very nice and is supported by a large pool of freeware (much much more than iphone apps)- Full QWERTY - took me a few days of texting to get used to, but the Predictive learns very quickly, and if I hit one or two wrong letters, it'll automatically correct me and give me a list of what it thinks is what I intended to type.- Solid construction - feels like it will last for a long time- Keys feel very good and easy to press- Business ready - very good multi-email account management/sync, contacts, PIM,etc- Wi-Fi is very fast and handy. I can stream youtube videos all day- Fast processor, multitasking is much faster than Windows Mobile devices---------------------------Now you need to be realistic and know that when you buy a unlocked phone for $150, you aren't gonna get a 8MP camera, or 3G, or GPS, or touchscreen (I sold my 5800 for this cuz I hate touchscreen). But those are all that you are missing from a power house like the N96, and the features on this phone rivals or even beat some of the more expensive unlocked phones out there.One thing I love about this phone is that I can just hold space key, and the camera flash will light up as a flash light! That's the kind of usability I am talking about.If you need an unlocked phone, this is a no brainer. You got the most widely used and customizable smart-phone platform out there (Symbian S60), you got a nice full QWERTY for text-maniacs, a full-featured music player with 3.5mm jack, camera with flash and self-portrait, bluetooth, Wi-Fi. I cannot think of another sub-$200 phone with such complete feature set. Nokia is the best!