I would like to preface my remarks with two points.First, about a year ago, I finally got a cellular telephone because of the kids and their schedules. One of us is having to take them places or pick them up a few times each week, and the traffic around here is arguably the worst on the planet, creating some interesting delays nearly every day. And I admit that sometimes I have to call home from the grocery store because there will be 23 different verities of BBQ sauce and my list just says "BBQ sauce."Second, my blood pressure soars when rude louts think they have the right to interrupt my lunch or dinner or infringe on my reading time in the doctor's waiting room to talk on their cell phones. I once saw a table of four people, each talking to an absent entity on his or her cell phone during an entire meal but not once talking with the real people beside or in front of themNow, that said, the Nokia 3595 is apparently the high-end of the low-end entry level phone. That suits me fine. This silver-gray mass of wires and circuits has enough features to me going for some time. I didn't know that cell phones had all these whistles and bells such as games, voice tags for contacts, alarm clocks, caller ID, and such.I like the fact that the contact list lets you have something like five numbers for up to 500 people. Five numbers per person---that's pretty crazy to me, the fact we have more phone numbers than we have people to use them! Why not run it up to eight numbers per contacts and bestow a full complement of eight phones to some octopi!The battery lasts for more than five hours of solid talking, but there is not a soul on earth I want to talk with for five hours straight. The sound is decent though I have a certain amount of trouble talking into space while trying to hold this plastic rectangle close to my ear. I feel like my jaw is floating up and away from my face. (I guess that is why folks like those flip phones but they cost more than an infrequent talker like me is willing to spend.)I was able to figure out most of the operating options, at least the ones I paid to get, without resulting to the manual, but I'm not sure if that is because the phone is intuitively designed or not. It may actually be because we are all moving toward some sort of collective consciousness that enables our species to share knowledge like those island monkeys that all started washing sweet potatoes once a certain percentage of their populations started washing the potatoes(In Transcendental Meditation, this phenomenon is termed the Maharishi Effect.)The various stock wallpapers with the phone are pretty boring and tend to make it hard to read the small display window. (I cannot fathom why folks would want to send photos back and forth to devices with such poor video resolution.)The manual that comes with this phone is OK, but the text designer could have done a much better job creating distinct, clear headings. I'm still sorting through some of the more humorous sections such as "Your WAP browser," "PUK codes," and "Potentially explosive atmospheres." (I cannot believe how many people are jawing away on a cell phone while pumping gas.)This little sucker is nearly as tough as a hockey puck, too. I've dropped my on the pavement at least half a dozen times and once had to snap it back together after what looked to be a fatal plummet. Well, it's scratched and scarred a bit, but it still works just fine.Well, I'm one of the masses now, no longer a cellular Luddite. If you see me walking down the street with a wire in my ear, gesturing wildly, and arguing with invisible beings, please help me!