For the most part, I like the phone.  The first problem I had with the phone was when I went to make my first call. The entire phone locked up on me - the screen froze up, and none of the keys worked - I couldn't even turn it off - it finally somehow reset itself after a few minutes, but still kept freezing up when I would go to make a call, until I turned the phone off and back on again, and then it stopped freezing up when calling someone. It did freeze up on me again when I tried selecting a WAP option from one of the menus.  I also get a message periodically saying that the SIM card has been dislodged, and in order to fix that, I have to turn the phone off and back on again. Other than that, the phone has worked fairly well.  The back cover is very difficult to get off, though, in order to access the battery and SIM card.So far, I get good reception. I haven't had a call dropped yet. I've called AT&T; 3 times so far. The first time was when the phone first froze up.  (Yes, each time I called AT&T;, I was on hold for a very very long time). The lady almost immediately said it was the phone and not AT&T;'s fault. She was very snotty and short with me.  The 2nd time I talked w/ someone at ATT was to port my number. Surprisingly, this took only 2 days to port my old number - that was a pleasant ATT experience.  The third time I called, it was about my first ATT bill, and the lady was very friendly and helpful and answered my questions with a pleasant attitude.The phone is nice and small and almost plane, but I like that a lot. I don't like all the other goofy phone designs - they look too wierd - clam shell, crop circles, TV remote, - ick - too Star Trecky-looking for me.  The graphics are very nice, the buttons aren't too small.  Like everyone else said, the screen is hard to see outside when the sun is out. The battery life is much better than in my old Nokia. It takes good pictures, only if there is enough light.I bought the cable from Sony Ericsson to download pictures to the phone - the only problem is that you can't use the cable to upload pictures from the phone to your PC using the cable (I want to send the pictures, taken using the phone camera, in email using my ISP on my PC - I could send it directly from the phone in a wireless email or MMS, but the data charges are way too expensive for me). I'll need to by a bluetoogh USB adaptor to upload pictures to my PC.Yes, you need to get the 2-year deal with ATT instead of the one year deal in order to get the bigger rebate.  I did read the small print first for both the ATT rebate and the T-mobile rebate: I wanted to get a monthly plan of $30 or less, but you couldn't get the rebate at all from T-mobile unless you bought at least a $40 monthly plan, so I went with ATT.