I am completely in love with this phone. I preordered mine through Verizon before the new plans kicked in so I was able to keep my unlimited plan! (Thank goodness!) I upgraded from the Droid 1, to the Droid 3, and onto the S3, and while I was nervous to leave Motorola (because of their stronger antennas, and the keyboard)I am so happy I did! This phone is just amazing. I did have a couple problems with my first one, but Verizon overnighted me a new one and it was all set.I definitely reccommend Verizon when having purchasing this phone. (As it is also available on Sprint and AT&T;) The best thing about Verizon is their network. Not only do I get coverage EVERYWHERE but I also get 4G in my area! Going from around 2Gb speeds on my Droid 3, to about 30Gb speeds was just ridiculous. My videos load faster, and webpages come up sooner.If you are a big camera person, this has an 8MP camera with all kinds of fun options. My favorites are Smile Shot (automatically snaps the photo when the subject smiles), Panorama and burst mode. It takes photos super fast so you will almost always get the photo you want. The front facing camera works great too. It's a 1.9MP so it's better than most others. (Around 1.2-1.3)Texting is a breeze. You can use speech-to-text, the on-screen keyboard, or even swype. I'm not the biggest swype fan, but it's just because I don't ever use it. One of my favorite features is the direct calling. In the settings there is an option for it, and what it's used for is when someone texts you, and you are driving or busy, you can just hold the phone up to your ear and it will automatically call that person. Best setting ever.I have tried S Beam, but I don't really use it because the other person needs to have an S3. I also never use S Voice, I tried it for a couple days when I first received the phone but it either didn't understand me or would just send me to google. I have tried it again since then and it seems to work a little better, just a little gimmicky and I don't see a need for it.The screen is just beautiful on this phone. The 4.8 inch screen is perfect, it fits in the hand perfectly, and it has a stunning display. I have bought a few cases for it, and I really prefer Elago slim fits on it. I get the snap on glossy ones and they are amazing.The durability of this phone is incredible. I have dropped it multiple times. Before I had the case I dropped it and it left tiny dents in the plastic siding, but nothing noticible (Love the silver edges). The plastic is super light, and much more durable than the metal Droid's I've had.While the battery is a problem with most smartphones, this is no exception. I am a fairly heavy data user (Netflix, games, and streaming) and I do charge it on average twice a day. There are things you can do to help, such as turning the battery saver mode on, and dimming the screen but I just like the brightness too much. I never use battery saver, and my brightness is always on max. I like enjoying the phone, not worrying about it. It's to easy to keep a charger where you're using it.If you are debating between devices this is the best on the market. Some will compare it to the Iphone, but it's so much better in my opinion. Google has way more features, and you can't beat this size and color display.