This is my first smart phone. At first i was going to purchase a Blackberry 8520 from at&t.; I saw this phone was much cheaper and did research. i learned that the phones operating system, Symbian OS is the mos used smart phone OS in the world. It had the same features as the BB 8520 minus the touchpad.I purchased this phone and after receiving it in 2 days I went to the at&t; store to purchase a SIM card. I bought a 25cent per min. prepaid card and activated 200 messages for $5. (There are other pacages including unlimited messaging.)I was surprised by the number of apps for an OS i had never heard of. The Ovi store by Nokia had many, but the internet had more Symbian OS apps.Here are the Most useful apps not included. (free)1. Skype MobileSkype Mobile offers all the features of Skype on Your phone. This includes SkypeIn and SkypeOut. SkypeIn allows you to purchase an online number so anybody cann call your skype account. SkypeOut allows You to call anybody. Together these only cost $5.5 per month and they give you unlimited minutes(In a wifi area or with Carrier Data) It can also be used anywhere in the world.Let's say I'm located in Omaha with a 402 area code. My friends all live in Omaha and can call me on that number for free. I'm going on a business trip to Shanghai and the international rates are too high. When I open Skype on my phone my family and friends can call my Skype 402 number for free and I'll pick up in China for free also. (very useful)2.Google AppThe google app package for mobile gives you an app that searches google by voice or text. It comes with Youtube, orcut, picassa and best of all Google Maps.Google Maps allows your to use google maps anywhere(in wifi zones or with carrier data) You can press 0 and the map will center on where you are located based on  mobile tower triangulation(similar to GPS)or using wifi triangulation. It is usually accurate within 300meters and is very useful. If you have a google account you can use latitude. Latitude uses your location to tell your friends using latitude where you are. This means if your best friend is at Walmart you can see this and meet him there. There are settings if you don't want to be found. If your mom wants to see where you are, but doesn't have google on her phone, she can get latitude for her igoogle account.3. Opera Mobile BrowserOpera Mobile is a browser that can display webpages as they are displayed on a computer. It boasts tabbed browsing and multiple settings. The Beta VErsion comes with Asian Language Support meaning you can read Chinese characters and other Asian languages.The apps preloaded are useful too. Nokia messaging email is perhaps the most useful. It has the ability to check up to 10 mailboxes for mail all in one app. That way you can check your home and work email together easily.The phone its self is good. The battery life is O.K. The flash for the camera is very useful. The phone can run multiple apps simultaneously. Some people have complained about their phone restarting randomly. This happened a few times, but i think it is because of the RAM being overloaded.The homescreen is very well organized and you can have two separate homescreens (work and Personal) using the switchmode button.Because this phone is unlocked you can use it with any SIM card. That means I can use my at&t; card in Omaha, my t-mobile card in Detroit and my China mobile card in Shanghai and Beijing. The great thing is that when i got china and get a new SIM card, i can keep all my contacts on my phone so i can call home.Overall this phone is a very good smartphone for the money. It is a great buy and unlocked it is very useful.