Motorola bites the dust under Google/ NSA controlHalf the features AND more expensive than Samsung S4.Google is not even trying. Did someone tie the little googlers hands behind them?Google is limiting what you get, just like Microsoft did when they became the de-facto monopoly in their field.MemoryFirst of all it costs no more to put 64 gig internal memory on these phones than 16 gig.But wait there's more ... you can upload all your contacts and data to THE Google Cloud and let the NSA look through it at no extra cost.No memory card to put your extra files on. I have a 64gig card half filled with files, movies, songs etc. I could not use the Motorola if I wanted to.And two years from now, I don't have to pay for it. That is if Google even exists in two years. Can you say Netscape.When you hack something it is supposed to become better. This is a hacked down phone. Like a gardener who cuts down all the trees in your yard. Motorola Google-Degrade version.CPUGive me a break. A fake Quad. Everyone else has a quad core. But The vaunted little Googlers have found a way to make your phone 2 years old when you get it. 2 year old Dual-Core processor so your phone and apps will be slow. And a Quad-core (graphics only) processor so IF you can get a game to run on the dual core, The graphics will look good. What a waste of effort.BatteryI cannot tell if you can take the battery out. Are you guys turning into Apple. Is the plan the battery dies and someone buys a new phone? Just like Apple. It is so funny apple copied Android for it's new operating system.PROsIf you could store all the data, you can actually take 1080p movies. The 16 gig internal memory will fill up in about 10 minutes. So you will have to use Google spyware and put it on the Google Spy Cloud with the on site NSA/Google servers so it can be downloaded at the NSAs convenience so the NSA can see what you have been up to, only a little easier. Maybe that's what Google is doing with their quantum computer.What is with the Googler wrist action picture taking? Is this some new wrist exercise?  I can see the Gestures now . . .  no lady I don't mean anything by that . . .  I'm just taking pictures ... : )Are there no smart people at Google? This phone is boring, bottom of the stack, and almost useless.You might as well get an old clam shell phone at Goodwill.Oh Google ... email me if you want to build a big boy phone. The NSA has my number. Really ... they do! Not joking.Man, if I owned Motorola You would have a man's phone. The girls could use it too.Google whoever is in charge there ... Bezos has my permission to give you my Amazon email address, you need to call me and make the phone my project.It was nice pretending Google was a game changer. Workin' for the little guy.  The dream is dead. Pretty soon you will need an Internet Drivers license to buy apps on Google play.Heil Gitler?