Thinking of getting the latest and greatest Galaxy? While the S4 is for sure a fantastic phone, the S3 is still a great one too, and especially now considering the prices have dropped.  From what can be gathered on the internet, the S3 will still be supported with software updates at least through the next Android version 4.2.2 (and maybe further).  However, there is huge third party development community for the S3, so if you root your phone (like I do) then we will probably see further support for this phone with development community updates!  the XDA forums is a great place to start!As far as any new apps that come with the S4, those are already available for rooted(and some non rooted) owners of the S3.The few reasons I can see to choose the S4 over the S3 are:Form factor: The S4 is slightly better form factor (it's thinner with a larger screen), but the S3 feels really good in the hand and my pocket already for such a large phone!Battery life: The S4 has better battery life than a stock S3 battery.  But I have already moved on to aftemarket batteries (see Zero Lemon batteries) for my S3 and have seen improved battery life...Plus I have spare batteries to boot!Speed: The S4 has the latest and greatest quad core processor and 2G of memory, the S3 has a dual core processor and 2GB of memory, so if you are all about speed, then the S4 may be your best bet.  However, I have no issues with the speed of my S3.  It runs all of todays apps with no problems.Cameras:  If this is a huge deal breaker, then the S4 does have a better camera (13MP vs 8MP), but I still don't use my phone as my primary camera anyway.  I have an DSLR for the important stuff!Screen: The S4 is bigger (5" vs 4.8") and full HD (1080P vs 720 P).  The S3 is simply not as nice of a screen as the S4...but it's perfectly usable and still looks great to my eye.IR sensor:  Simply put, the S4 has them the S3 does not.  So if using your phone as a TV remote control, or being able to perform tasks without touching the screen are big factors for you, then get the S4.  To me, these sound like cool features I would use once or twice, then probably never again.Additional sensors: The S4 also comes with an array of humidity sensor, thermometer, and a barometric pressure sensor.  Currently, there are not many apps that can use these sensors, but as with anything, there will probably be a lot that spring up in the near future.  It will be interesting to see how these get used beyond basic weather measurements.The IT factor:  If you need to have the latest and greatest, then absolutely, get the S4.  But if you want a great phone, that is fully capable of running all of todays apps and at a great price, you still can't go wrong with the S3!There are tons of these comparisons online, here is one I like.  http://www.androidauthority.com/galaxy-s4-vs-galaxy-s3-202924/