Alright! i have been looking forward to getting my phone and man o man am i happy, I decided to wait 2 weeks before writing my review, but here it is! First I received it on the date it said it would arrive! I was super excited about that, i'm not a techy person so I couldn't tell you specifics but here it goes.The phone itself is beautiful! nice large screen it's basically a tablet, looks a little funny when talking on the phone, i've had people approach me and ask if i'm talking on my tablet and i have to say NO it's my phone! hahaMy two biggest compalints: One, the phone does NOT charge! the adapter i received doesnt work for crap! i left my phone plugged in over night and it stayed at 35% the entire time, i was SO mad! i tried the second batter (came with 2 batteries, woo!) and same thing, did not charge, finally i decided to plug the usb into my computer and just like that, it chaged! it sucked because no i have to leave my computer on all night just to get my phone to charge, but it's not so so bad, not sure how or where to find an adapter that will actually work, any suggestions would be greatly appreciated.number two is just like another person said, when you are talking on the phone the screen shuts off and the ONLY way to hang up is by using the power button, you have to go into the settings and check that the power button can also be used to hang up calls! This really sucks, but it doesn't ALWAYS happen sometimes the screen will stay lit and i can hang up just fine, i've gotten used to just putting it on speaker, it sounds better, that is my number 3, the sound is SO quiet, i have to press my ear against the screen just to hear and sometimes my cheeks will hang up the call or pause it when the screen is still lit. But i've had that problem with ALL my smart phones so if you have big cheeks beware haha jk jkhmmm o and last but not least the speaker it has on the back...o dear, it is not the greatest when playing music, especially rock, metal, heavy metal, screamo...it kinda sucks for that, when using it to talk on speaker phone it works really really well but not so well for music! other than that i'm very happy with my purchase, it does everything i need it to do, check e-mail all 4 of them :) personal and business, same with our businesses facebook page, it runs well, not slow at all, and the screen is great! works much better in the dark, some glare when you are outside but still a great phone! so if your not too picky, the price is freaking awesome and the phone is too! had the charger actually worked, i would have given it 5 stars, but it's not that big of a deal to me! i'm not picky i just like having something nice and something that gets the job done! I use my phone for EVERYTHING and so far so good! i will update if it messes up in less than a year tho, since that's what a lot of ppl said, that it only lasts a year! for me that would be a wonderful miracle if i could make it to the one year mark! i'm rough on my phones haha oh and also i got it in orange! didn't have to message them or anything :) so happy guys! SUPER!