I bought this phone last month and it has really impressed me. I got tired of the Android/iphone app frenzy and decided to go prepaid after my contract finally ended with Verizon. I really love the BlackBerry keyboard, especially on the Curve. I think they have perfected the physical keyboard. I actually never wanted to lose the physical keyboard and as convenient as touchscreen keyboards are, they always seemed to crash at annoying times and make me use the terrible stock keyboard. This one works great, even with gargantuan thumbs like mine.For those that need a million apps to get you through the day, you might want to stick with your Android. The sheer volume of apps for Android is amazing, so it can seem a bit lacking when you first explore the BlackBerry App World. I have found, however, that they have basically everything I could need. One of the reasons for letting go of the Android was because I wanted to get back to a simpler phone. Consequently, I have downloaded far fewer apps for the BlackBerry, but my productivity has gone up.The email system on the BlackBerry is FAR superior to what the Android/iphone has to offer. All of my emails push immediately from both accounts (Yahoo and Gmail) and the navigation through the messages is simple. I have had a MUCH easier time keeping up with my email accounts with this phone than any of my previous smartphones.Alot of people rave about the BlackBerry Messenger. I haven't really gotten into it. I generally text and use Twitter for my e-conversing, but the Messenger seems to work fine. The Twitter apps are fine. UberSocial and Tweetcaster, which I feel are the best two twitter applications for smart phones, are both available in the AppWorld.The web browser works fine. It doesn't seem to have any problems. You can open multiple windows and the stacking interface looks pretty much like the Android Browser.The GPS works fantastic. It is superior to the terrible iphone GPS navigation and is on par with the voice-guided Android Navigator (which is the best money can buy, honestly). Anyway, it works perfectly. The voice navigator worked fine, and was basically as good as the Android voice navigator for full hands-free attention on the road.The battery life is spectacular. It is even better than the iphone battery. I get twice as long on this phone as I did on my Extended Life battery with my HTC Incredible. Android batteries suck. That is one thing I will not miss.The music player is loud and clear.The camera is lacking. My last one was 8MP and this one is a lowly 3.2, so it works for basic photos, but nothing Instagram quality. Oh, and there is no Instagram app for Blackberry. That is one of the few I miss.The phone itself is gorgeous. It just looks like a business phone, and that is pretty much what I wanted. It does everything I hoped it would, and if BlackBerry keeps releasing fine products like this, they've pretty much won me over for life.I would definitely say that I got more quality for my buck with this than any of the phones I have used prior. I would definitely recommend it, especially if you are looking to be more productive.