The nokia E71 is a remarkable phone. i recently purchased this phone, and i am well pleased. the design of the phone is great. its small, thin, yet, not flimsy. its metal body is a very smart and unique design. it gives the phone this feel that you have something valuable in your hands. that's the best way to describe it.the pros to the devicethe phone does everything i can imagine a business user, or anyone who has lots of meetings, could need. your documents will open fine, i.e. pdf, excel, word, p.point. you can also install some nice games and software on this and it runs the games well.this phone is feature LADEN.you will take a while to go through it all.the phone is very fast. i barely feel a lag, unless i am running some programs (google maps, msn messenger, google messenger, etc) in the background and even so, we are talking about 1.5second delay. barely noticeable.the concern i heard about the keyboard is true. man, its crammed, BUT, i noticed that even though my fingers are big, i have little problems and typos using this device. in other words, the keyboard is fine. once you get used to your keys... you'll be fine. i dont know how nokia does it but.. they know how to make the keys work for anyone.the features are all great. wi/fi works jus as though you are on your pc... the browser is SWEET and the zoom feature doesnt make it too hard for you to read the stuff on the sites. youtube works without a prob.battery life.battery life is pleasant. its very hard to drain this phone if you are only gonna talk on it. however, if you are gonna be using wifi, bluetooth and listening music all day... you will run your batteries down and have to charger every two days, vs three days. not bad in my book. i tested this phone on a full day basis and... at the end of each day, there is enough power to carry into the next day. running the batters by playing music kinda leaves me half way at the end of the day.Conscamera is really a pain. seriously!why does nokia do this to us? why must they always hold back on features that can make their phones THE BEST period?let me explain... its a 3.2mega pixel cam.. but its a "daytime" camera. meaning... the pics are best when in the blazing sun, with no clouds... if pics are taken in that type of light - you will be pleased. however, anything less will be grainy (noisy) sometimes. you cant take pics in the dark or shadow areas and expect good camera quality. forget it. the flash is not like on the N82. its nothing like a digital camera's flash. its really only for close pics... and even then.. you have to have good to excellent lighting to get pleasing results. please dont try and take professional pictures with this.The headsetThe headset nokia gives with this phone is... well, crap. its light in sound. no bass for music no matter how you adjust equalizers. (well, its so low is nonexistent) and i didnt really like the design. i dont see how i am supposed to walk with it on the road when on cord for the right ear is so long... its annoying to have it dangling plus it gets caught in stuff and tugs and one day, if you're not careful, it will burst.2.5mm headphone jack.disappointing to me. i wont deny it. 3.5mm is greatly preferred, however. contrary to what many think... with the right headphones, this phone is an excellent mp3 player. so, dont despair. jus get a nokia headset that is designed for music and you are good to go.overall, i gave this 5 stars because... the camera doesnt bother me. hardly use it, and when i do its to take pics of people to add to my address book. those are great.when i walk with this phone, its a pleasure to take it out and watch people bending over backwards to see it. :) nokia is the best there is even if they refuse to max out their phones in top class features.