This by far has to be the worst first smart phone experience that one could have. TMobile & Samsung should be ashamed for sticking people with this crappy phone.If you want to find out for yourself - simply Google Samsung Gravity Smart internal memory errors & you'll see the sea of complaints about about this phone's ridiculously low internal memory.I bought this Samsung Gravity Smart phone in November 2011 primarily because of the Wi-Fi calling, large screen & QWERTY keyboard thinking I really only needed to be able to make calls when I'm at home & my crappy TMobile reception fades out. This phone has a shamefully non-existent 150 Megabytes of internal memory compared to most phones that have at least 4 gigabytes.So what does that mean for you?;it means that you'll never be able to install ANY APP what so ever. It also means that you won't be able to receive any text messages because the memory will always be too low to allow the phone to receive messages. You'll be able to send them, but you'll daily have to delete every text message.Trust me even if you're thinking that's okay, I'll only be using this phone for just this or that, I don't need a bunch of apps or games - it won't be okay... it won't :( You will be frustrated.Even though it has virtually non-existent internal memory, T-Mobile & Samsung still chose to ship it preinstalled with 100 Mb of junk software that further helps to make the problem worst.Please save yourself the inevitable headache that is sure to come & buy a different phone.Also when you call T-Mobile to complain about the phone not functioning properly, you'll literally get a rep that tells you to check to see if apps are installed on the SD card. Well most apps aren't written to be installed on SD so that suggestion sucks. Also, even though an app may be saved to SD, the data it generates while you're using it goes in the internal memory. So guess what, you're still suck!If you look on Samsung's site for internal memory problems, well here's how severe it is. They answer every other question about this phone online... YOU HAVE TO CALL THEM TO GET INTERNAL MEMORY ISSUES ADDRESSED!That's how bad this phone is, they don't even want to answer the questions in a public forum. They throw rocks & then hide their hands! They're ashamed of even making this phone with this ridiculously low functionality.If you only want a pretty phone that you can only make calls on, then this is the phone for you. It has pretty colors, nice screen, the keyboard isn't that good - it doesn't have arrow keys & a lot of the symbols take forever to get to like $.Again to sum it up 150Mb of internal memory is a horrible thing for anyone, even a teen of housewife to deal with. And I got the phone free & I still paid too much for it. With an extended 2 year T-Mobile contract (which they messed up the billing & charged me 3 times what I should've been paying - TMobile you all have to get it together - please) & it still isn't worth what I paid for it.