I am a veteran of Sony android phones, X10, Arc, S, Z and now back to S. Will Explain why and why my rel rating is 3.5. I bought this exact model, the international unlocked LTE model.I will start with what Sony has always brought to the table and that is style. Pure gorgeous phone with very slim factor and humongous screen. Even though it's a five incher it does not seem as big as a five inch screen should. Only slightly wider and taller than my S which is a 4.6 inch screen. It fits just fine in the pocket and it's extreme slimness helps. It's front screen is pure black with a minimalist strategy in mind. The back reminds me of the iphone 4 as it's pure black shiny and classy looking glass enclosure. The silver aluminum button on the side pops on this otherwise minimalist looking phone. There is no equal when it comes to aesthetic design. Perhaps iphone but I still prefer Sony.The screen is bright and gorgeous on this five inch display; however, I realize the bigger the screen the less sharp it may look and this was the case compared to S. I however thought since it has improved from 720p to 1080p the level of sharpness would equal my smaller screen S. It didn't. I would say it did improve with the letters. I would say that is the biggest improvement... the text was super sharp but colors and clarity was not much of an improvement over the S. Also, Video on this screen is superb and the 1080p does shine over the xperia s when it comes to video. The large screen makes it a joy to watch movies on this powerful phone.The software is is the latest Jellybean version with minor changes over 4.0.4. Though the changes are slight there is a HUGE negative change. Apparently Jellybean ended support for Adobe Flash! WHAT!. This is a huge negative since my movie collection is on amazon and in amazon's greediness, they decided not to put out a video app for video even though they did for apple. Go figure. Thus I can no longer watch videos on amazon through my browser which was the only way I could. Now I can't blame Sony for something google did and amazon did, but it's a fact that cannot be changed with this phone. It's really a shame because that is where this large screen phone shines.Another small gripe is the elimination of the dark screen on the phone mode and messenger phone. The background is now white which is quite annoying on the eyes used to a dark background. Not the end of the world but definitely not an improvement.I know it seems like I have nothing but negative things to say but these things are no fault of Sony's. Thus the four star rating. What this phone brings to the table that no other flagship brings is the water/dust proofing, powerful quad core processor and something very needed over the S is micro SD expansion. The reason for the 3.5 rating is that this particular phone did not work on AT&T;'s 3g network. I did some research and did not expect the LTE to work since it has different bands but 3G was supposed to work. Well it didn't, it work only on the edge network! Unacceptable. I am hoping the phone was defective and this is not a common aspect of newer international phones since my xperia S worked perfectly fine and it was an international phone. I tried many configurations and called AT & T to update the IEN number but to no avail. Now this is my experience so I am not saying this phone wont work on 3g since apparently it's working for others. In the end I had to reluctantly send it back. Prompting a review for THIS phone. (International Version)That being said, the Xperia Z is still my next phone, but I think I will wait for the US version to avoid any further problems plus, on such a big beautiful screen, LTE seems more appealing. The ZL a more compact non weather resistant version is already out advertised on sonystyle US site but no Z oddly enough. As usual US customers are left in the dark so I will have to be patient.