I have wanted a Windows Phone since they first came out last year but I was stuck in my iPhone 4 contract so couldn't upgrade. Last night I finally took the plunge and purchased the Samsung Focus S and I couldn't be happier. I have spent only about 24 hours with the phone so far but wanted to post my thoughts quickly so anyone considering this purchase will have another opinion to go on.Build:The phone is very, very light and thin but sturdy and doesn't feel cheap at all. It has a nice textured back that makes the phone easy to grip though I do wish it had a more rubberized feeling to it as it does slide around on my desk a bit. The power/sleep button is located on the right hand side of the phone along with a dedicated camera button which is very handy.  On the left side of the phone is the volume rocker. All the buttons have a great feel to them. Below the screen on the three mandatory Windows Phone buttons; back, home and search. Holding the back button down will bring up the multitasking window while the search button brings you to the integrated Bing search which is fantastic. There is only 16GB of storage and no expansion slot so what you see is what you get. It won't be an issue for me as I used a 16GB iPhone for the last year and half plus you get 25GB of cloud storage on your Skydrive if you need to offload some pics and documents.Screen:The super amoled plus screen is spectacular. I was a bit worried that since the resolution is only 800x480 that it may not be as impressive as my iPhone 4 retina display but I can safely say that the Focus S has an equal if not superior screen to the iPhone 4. The reason I think is that the super amoled plus screen is just so vibrant and colorful that viewing it next to the iPhone just makes its screen look dull and lifeless. To be fair, the text is definitely sharper on the iPhone 4 but it was only obvious when I was looking for differences. You will have no issues at all reading the text on the Focus S.Windows Phone OS:I absolutely love this OS. It feels like the future. After using Windows Phone for a while and then going back to iOS 5.0 I felt like I stepped in to a time warp and landed back in 1995. Apple needs to step up its game and get a more modern OS out there because the more people experience Windows Phone OS the more people are going to fall in love with and be convinced that this is the next generation OS. The live tiles on the home screen are just so useful I can't believe I lived all these years without them. I have all family and friends at my fingertips and I can quickly peak to see what people are up to without having to dig through screens of icons looking for an app to launch. Brilliant. The Live tiles are something you need to experience for yourself as describing how cool and useful they are is a bit difficult. Rest assured you will love them. The entire home screen is fully customizable too. Whatever tiles you want in whatever order you want them. You can even change the color theme of the tiles too. Overall and outstanding OS so far.Speed:The Focus S comes with a 1.4 GHz single core processor. Uh oh, single core? Don't all the new Android and iPhones have dual cores? Sure they do but with Windows Phone a dual core processor is just a waste of precious battery life. This OS is not a resource hog at all and the phone zips along faster than my iPhone 4. I haven't once done anything on the phone that bogged it down. This OS is a nimble champion and I am very pleased with its performance.Camera:I havent used the camera much yet but I took a couple of pics from my balcony today that looked pretty good. The camera felt fast and didnt hesitate too long between pictures. There is a cool auto fix feature that will let the phone adjust the pic which can be quickly undone if you do not like the results. I will try and add more to this after I use it more.Marketplace:I believe the marketplace now has over 30,000 apps. While that pales in comparison to Apple's and Google's app markets I have found that just about every app I used on iOS has a Windows Phone version. I would say that the Windows Phone versions of these apps are more elegant then their iOS counterparts. There is just something about the way these apps present themselves that make them very easy and intuitive to use. You will find plenty of games too and many will be XBOX Live games which will integrate perfectly with your XBOX 360 account if you have one. It is pretty cool to see my avatar and info from my 360 on my phone and it just brings all my entertainment together in to one ecosystem.I can't think of anything else to write about at the moment but I am sure I will be back to add more to this review as I play with this phone more. Please feel free to leave any questions you may have in the comments below my review and I will try and answer them as soon as I can.I highly recommend this phone!!