For the first day I was pleased with this phone. Solid feel, nice keyboard, lots of features.But the very first evening I took it out of my pocket and it was asking "Call SOS?". Luckily(?) I had no service there, so it didn't complete the call. I looked online and it turned out that lots of people have this problem with the phone. Pressing "911" does it, even if the phone is locked. So does "000" and "112", thus covering their bases. The FCC apparently has a requirement that any idiot be able to pick the phone up off the road at the scene of an accident and make an emergency call even if the phone is locked, but the result for this phone is a disaster. It is not an exaggeration to say that EVERY time I put it in my pocket even briefly, it gets to the "Call SOS Y/N" stage or worse, I hear the 911 operator from my pocket. (Perhaps my pocket is very scary, so the phone calls 911?)  In desperation I started carrying it around in a plastic Chinese takeout container, which was safe but not very convenient. Then I accidentally ran over it with a car, and although the container was utterly destroyed, the phone had no apparent damage at all! Very solid!The 911 pocket dialing is the worst, but with the possible exception of the e-mail, everything else about the software is terrible also. Did the developers not try this thing out for even a day before they put it on the market? Here are a few of the other problems:1) Doesn't tell you who the text messages are from until you read them. So I have to click on them to see that they are spam. Worse, there doesn't seem to be any way to block text messages from spam numbers. They have slowed a bit now, but for a while I was getting 5 or 10 a day.2) The browser button is on the front screen, right where you can click it every time you unlock the screen. That way you can click it as you put it away, and it can suck down hundreds of minutes while in your pocket or purse. Some of the stuff on this phone is just stupid, but this "bug" is clearly malicious. My LG 800g did something similar. I can't say I ever tried out the browser, but if it's like the 800g's version it's completely useless - it's only purpose was to drain your minutes while you weren't watching.3) It occasionally forgets my contacts, and just shows the numbers.4) It plays music nicely over bluetooth, but then the phone crashes. After some messing around it would restart, but the battery would be totally dead. (When working properly, the battery life is actually very good, up to two weeks.)5) The calculator wants you to use the mini touch pad to select operations, thus rendering it useless.6) The mini-touchpad built into the center button is barely usable, and the scrolling software for it is abysmal. Trying to find a particular message in my inbox was impossible if there were more than a couple, so I had to empty it out all the time.7) Taking a picture requires several menus, button clicks, etc., so by the time you have it ready your subject is gone.8) Another stupid feature: pressing the center of the space bar gives you a space, period, and capital letter. Pressing one or the other sides gives you the normal space. Even once I figured this out, I still had to backspace dozens of times to clean it up when I hit the button wrong.9) A smaller annoyance, but the T9 touchpad doesn't show the associated letters (ABC = 1, etc.) They could easily have set it up so pushing the letters while dialing gave the proper numbers, but they didn't. So it's hard to dial a phone number given as letters.10) Rings when the battery gets low. This should be an adjustable option. I don't want to hear about it when I'm trying to sleep.11) How to dismiss the voicemail/missed calls/text message notification without checking them is not clear. They keep popping up when I'm trying to do something else.12) The on-screen labels for the buttons are lined up over the wrong ones. Until you figure it out, it looks like you're supposed to push the outer pair of buttons, but actually the labels refer to the more central pair.13) Even aside from the emergency dialing problem, the screen locking is inadequate. You can add a security code, but it only requests it on startup and a few other things like some multiple deletes. And of course you don't have to enter the security code for 911, or the screen unlock sequence.So this is the last TracFone for me, what awful phones. I'm