Update 6/10/2013This phone is just about useless now. It's constantly freezing up, GPS will appear turned on but none of the navigation apps recognize it for several minutes, the keyboard crashes often, apps like Skype and Tweetcaster crash all the time, it will sometimes get stuck in a sleep mode/active mode loop when I press the power button and all the same things happen to my wife's phone as well.I installed Auto Memory Manager, removed a third of the apps I had, swapped in a new SD card and none of those seem to help the phone. I end up having to reload the thing about every 60-90 days just to get a week of decent use out of it.The phone was fine for about a 6-9 month period, but its just about unusable now. I'm not happy that I paid $200 for a phone that didn't last a full year. I hope Virgin gets the S3 in the next few months so I can switch to something better.Update: 11/23/2012About two weeks ago, a software push fixed the battery indicator issue. I wanted to test it out to be sure, but the battery indicator does charge fully now and gives an accurate read.---------------------------------------------------------------------My wife and I both bought this phone with Virgin Mobile. We had HTV Evo's before this and loved them. Obviously, the One V isn't as powerful, but we were ok with that for the money saved on the phone plan.Pros:-The Price-The phone is easy to use, its a fairly standard Android set up.-The phone calls have all been clear and everyone says they can hear me great.-The beats audio makes for some crisp audio coming from the phone.But there have been several issues both my wife and I experienced.-After a few days the battery would only appear to charge to 67% and would say "Discharging" for the status. We found that we still get about a full days worth of battery life (about 7-9 hours). If you restore the phone to factory defaults, it'll work for another few days and do the same thing.I've read about this happening to other Android phones and tablets and all have been fixed with software updates.-Apps will seemingly uninstall themselves. This usually happens after rebooting the phone. The shortcut still appears on the screen, but the application is completely gone. You have to go to the Google Play store and re-download them.-The keyboard can be terrible. It's sluggish and will often freeze for a few seconds at a time. It also seems to be out of calibration a lot. I'm constantly having to re-calibrate.-The predicative text is also terrible. Certain words really annoy me, like when you're trying to type "and" and mess up, the phone autocorrects to "AMD." I can't imagine more people are talking about processors than using the most used conjunction. I ended up turning this off.-Even with Wifi enabled, browsing the internet can be a bit slow. Things like YouTube buffer every 5 or so seconds.-The phone gets fairly hot after about 5-10 minutes of use.Overall this is a great bargain phone and most of the issues I have can probably be fixed with software updates. I just hope that we get fixes.