Pros: Keyboard Great GPS/Navigation - Ovi Maps Big bright screen Solid Machine (slightly heavy) Great colors Easy setup for previous symbian usersCons: No voice navigation through Bluetooth headset or car kit Poor battery life Difficult Bluetooth pairing  Software quirksThis is my 7th or 8th Nokia phone and I thought I had done sufficient research before purchasing but apparently not.  I've had this phone 6 days and will probably return it in a week if it doesn't get better.I am a long-time Nokia customer, most recently the E71.  The E71 is a great phone and although I wanted a bigger screen, I might just buy a new one if this E7-00 doesn't work out.This is my first touch-screen phone and all the reasons I didn't want a touch screen are present in this phone.  The saving grace is the keyboard, which has a good feel to it and is very easy to type.  The touch screen is so sensitive that I could blow on it and the keys activate.  Very annoying.  I read somewhere that the sensitivity can be adjusted, but haven't had time to find out if this is true.Upon receipt of the phone on Saturday, I immediately updated to Anna, thinking that would prevent the problems that others complained about.  Unfortunately I think Anna comes with its own set of issues and I don't think that Nokia Customer Care is very forthcoming about.I have played around with the setting for the past few days, getting everything set-up and MAY be using it more trying to get everything setup than I would be as a regular user.  I am trying to justify why the battery life has gone from 36 hours the first day, down to less than 8 on the 5th day.  The only thing that I have running all of the time is Bluetooth.  Wi-Fi is not continually on, internet use is maybe 30 minutes daily, may have 45 minutes of phone conversation daily and send at most 10 texts a day.....That should not account for the ridiculous battery life.I deleted the 3rd home screen and have tried numerous suggestions found on the internet to help with battery life, but so far it is getting worse every day.The biggest problem that I have with this phone is that you cannot hear the wonderful navigation system through the Bluetooth headset, nor apparently a Bluetooth car-kit.  My own research over the past few days tells me that this version of Nokia Maps was designed this way, either listen over the E7 loudspeaker, or the wired headphones that came with the phone.  As I usually have a few kids in my car, it is not an opportune environment for trying to hear anything, especially if you have to hold the phone to your ear, as the loudspeaker is not really loud. And why would I want to have a Bluetooth in my ear for calls and have to connect a wired headset to my other ear to hear the navigation.When I called Nokia to ask about the Bluetooth and Navigation issue, the rep didn't appear to know anything about it.  After allowing her to link up remotely and resetting the phone (losing all of my settings, but not the data) she said that the problem was with my bluetooth and that I needed to get a Nokia Bluetooth headset in order to hear the navigation.  This bothers me on so many levels, the first being that Bluetooth connectivity should be standardized.  Secondly, I don't have the problem on my E71 using any type of Bluetooth.  Why would a higher level and higher priced phone give you fewer options?  Third, why are there so many complaints about this issue, but I have not once seen anyone offer that a Nokia Bluetooth headset will fix the problem.Although I am planning to buy a new Bluetooth (my new Jawbone is soooo uncomfortable), I would be pretty upset if I go through the trouble of buying a Nokia Bluetooth and it still doesn't work with the voice navigation.The Bluetooth issues continue as it is very difficult to pair with this phone.  I've tried a new Jawbone, 2 month old Motorola, and various other Bluetooth from friends...same problem.  It might take 9 or 10 tries before the pairing goes through.  That is unacceptable.And finally the phone is resetting itself on a continual basis when I drive in certain parts of the city.  It might reset 5 or 6 times within 10 minutes.  I don't know if this is the phone, carrier or just my bad luck, but it is very annoying.Update 11/17/11  Phone just died.  Phone is getting hot, cannot power off nor are any of the other buttons active.  Nothing happens when you hold it down for 8- 15 seconds. Screen is white with black lines, almost like an old black & white TV when the horizontal tuning is messed up.  Back it goes to Amazon.  Hate it even more now.  I have NEVER had a problem with Nokia phones before, but this is a piece of junk.