So I've had this phone for about a month now and here my impressions so far:Design:Great build/materials. This was my motivating factor for purchasing this phone. The metal casing, weight, and solid hinges really make this phone feel durable and elegant at the same time. I frequently get compliments on the phone. The keyboard hinge is spring-loaded and feels very rugged and able to withstand time. I would say the build rivals that of the iphone and is definitely superior to the vast majority of android phones I tried out. Most android phones are too plasticky and feel too light/cheap. I like my phones to be heavier with a more solid feel.Software/OS:symbian was my first smartphone OS so I am familiar with its functions (and malfunctions). My old phone was an N97mini, which ran an older symbian version -- this version (^3) works much much better in terms of reliability, usability, and aesthetics. The three customizable homescreens are awesome and allows me to dedicate each to a specific task (I have one for quick contacts and date/time, one for apps, and one for content updates like email, RSS, and notifications) while being very easily accessible. Having different wallpapers for each is also a great feature.As other reviewers have noted, there is definitely a relative lack of apps for the Symbian platform. That being said, I've been able to get all the apps I need for daily use (although I'm not a huge app user). The only apps I use are: the Opera browser (highly highly recommended), Skype, Joiku hotpot, google maps, and youtube. The best part is these are all free.There have been a few instances where my phone has reset due to some crash, but it doesn't happen often enough for it to be a huge issue. The applications all run smoothly with little lag. There's also a multitasking feature (similar to a system tray in windows) that makes running multiple apps easy.In sum, the OS runs well enough and even though there aren't as many apps on Symbian, if you're not a heavy apps consumer it is a non-issue as essential apps are available. If you're heavy on apps then obviously go for an android or iphone.CameraThe camera is definitely the achilles of the E7. Although it's 8 megapixels the fixed-focus lens really cripples the E7's ability to take macro pictures (close-ups). It simply can't resolve clearly things within 8-12 inches of the lens so these objects turn out blurry. In other words, the camera is farsighted. However, I've found that the camera works great taking pictures of things further away such as taking a portrait of friends or capturing some scenery. I haven't used the camcorder feature, but it does take 720p video.ScreenThe AMOLED screen is incredible. The colors are very vivid and the blacks are very true. This is my second favorite feature of the phone (second to the design). I often find myself just looking through pictures on my phone because I'm mesmerized by the vibrant colors. It really makes watching videos and looking at photos a joy.My only complaint about the screen is that it's relatively low resolution for a 4" screen compared to the iPhone and android phones. This isn't a huge issue and is only problematic when using an internet browser at times since it can't display as many pixels.BatteryThe phone easily lasts a day with heavy use, but I keep a charger in my car just to be safe. I haven't had any problems with battery longevity.Other issuesThe phone does'nt come with a USB connector (only a USB on-the-go connector) so if you want to transfer files from your computer you will have to buy another cable.Conclusion:If you're looking for a simple phone with great build quality and an awesome screen but don't care much about apps or the camera (if you have your own HQ camera) then this is the perfect phone for you. It does the fundamental smartphone functions such as web-browsing, GPS, email, video, and calling superbly.