To start with, I have the Verizon Moto X - your network experience may vary, but the phone hardware/software are still relevant.This is absolutely the best Android phone, and I'd say simply best mobile phone, to date.Since the Galaxy Nexus, I'm convinced that the plain, unmodified Android 4.x OS is the best way to experience an Android phone. The plain OS is fast, and elegant in design. Unfortunately, the Galaxy Nexus hardware was a bit flakey and dated, and the Moto X was the closest to a Nexus phone I can get for VZW. There are a few Motorola specific apps preinstalled, but they are worth it when viewing the phone as a complete system.First, the phone itself - I love the design - the size, curve, feel and weight are just right. Even though it's not a hyped up metal case, the phone feels solid and fits nicely in the hand (I've actually had a hard time putting it down). The default Black "weave" color looks awesome. The phone is slightly smaller than the Galaxy Nexus, and shows that the trend of bigger smart phones does not equate to a "better" smartphone - just bigger. The display is certainly large enough, and looks very sharp and bright. More importanly, the Moto X fits easily in any pocket, and likely just about any hand. The phone is very responsive and quick at the OS, application, and network levels (especially if using wireless AC). Voice recognition is spot on, and works even when the phone is "sleeping". Battery life with general usage seems at least enough to last through most of a day - the battery isn't removable, but it's slightly larger than the "extended" life battery I had in the Galaxy Nexus, and the phone has been lasting between charges longer than the Nexus with the extended battery did.This is truly a "smart" phone unlike most others with that name. Using various sensors, hardware, and applications, the phone knows its position, orientation, location, speed, and will change how it functions based on programming and user-input. For instance, The Assist application allows you to set your sleep times, and the phone can then be configured to not ring, or only allow "favorite" contacts to ring during this time. When the phone senses it's in a vehicle, it automatically kicks into a "driving" mode, where you can configure Assist for things such as a autoresponse that you are driving and will message back, and read text messages/caller IDs to you. A meeting mode will examine your calendar info, and provide you with automatic silencing of phone sounds and other options. Especially useful for meetings is the Active Notifications functions - keep the phone face-up, and you'll get silent notifications on the lock screen that you can discreetly access with a single touch (turn the phone face down and the Active Notification feature turns off). The Moto X also can tell if it's in a pocket and turn off Active Notifications to save battery life.Voice control is a key part of this phone - you can easily speak to the phone (even in sleep mode) to place a call, send text messages, get information, schedule appointments - just about any basic function of the phone can be accessed via voice commands. Siri? Who the heck is Siri? :)I've used plenty of mobile phones and "smart" phones over the past 15 years (Motorola, Qualcomm, Sony, Kyocera, HTC, Samsung, Blackberry, among others). I took a close look at current VZW offerings (Nokia Lumina, HTC One, new Motorola Droids), and I am confident in saying that the Moto X is the best phone I've used or "test drove".Update - Sep 11, 2013.I'm really, really impressed with the battery life on this phone. I've been letting it (or trying to let it) run down to 10% or less before charging (which probably isn't necessary, but I'm an old school battery memory guy), and have been getting to 36+ hours between charges so far. My use is usually about an hour talk time, various text/messenger messages, facebook browsing, playing with the voice commands, email push updates, and for the first few days, download/configuration of various apps.