Purchase Date March of 2010I've been a Nokia fan for several years, since the monochrome days, but I think they have lost me as a customer for good.  I have the N86 8MP which suited me for what I needed.  I was quite impressed with all of the features but the biggest issue I have with the phone is the ear piece.  The volume seems to diminish over time.  I called Nokia and I had to ship the phone in for evaluation.  They shipped the phone back to me stating they didn't know what was wrong with phone.  Apparently they didn't pay attention to the notes on the account nor did they make an attempt to contact me and question me.  Needless to say, I had to ship back to Nokia.  Now I'm without my phone longer than I was hoping.  Long story short....several phone calls to Nokia, 5 different shipments back to Nokia, 3 new phones of the same model and now experiencing the same issue with the 3rd.  I've read forums of people who are experiencing the same type of problem and the same customer service issues.  Since I use my phone with bluetooth devices, I don't use the ear piece that often but it is still a problem that should be resolved.  Nokia doesn't have anyone in their call center that can resolve issues.  I've told them how long I've been a Nokia customer but they don't care.  I try to go up the ladder to express my issue but that person "isn't in right now". I'm a very passive person but Nokia has forced me to practice my complaint dialog.  I will never purchase another Nokia product again.  I may reconsider if I  purchase through a service provider.  I feel they would at least correct the issue (one would hope) with another model or brand.  Shipping my phone back and forth is very frustrating.  For now, I will stomach this headache until my "warranty" expires.  The warranty period will help my patience in finding a new phone since smartphone technology is always changing.Update:  I'm on my 4th phone it and too will need to get sent in.  If Nokia would have honered my refund or credit request in the begining, they wouldn't have to keep dealing with me complaining about their product. I don't know what the issue is that keeps ruining the ear piece volume but it is very frustrating.  I've read in other forums that the map software might be contributing to the faulty ear piece.  With this being my 4th phone, in 9 months, to ship back, it appears that they haven't found a fix yet.Update  March 1st, 2011:I have shipped my phone back for what will probably be the last time.  I've asked Nokia if I could possibly downgrade to another model but when I provided them a model number,it supposedly isn't on a list that can be used for exchanges.  I thought a downgrade was receiving an item that wasn't equal or better in features than the item being exchanged.  Again....I know this is a product review and not a customer service review but the product is crap if it doesn't function properly and the customer service department won't help rectify the issue.