I am rating the HTC Evo V 4/5 Green Stars. This is my rating from a sustainability-ethics standpoint, based on criteria that are just as important to me as function and value.I also rate this phone 4/5 Gold Stars(for functionality and value). I've had it for around six months, it hasn't crashed on me and generally does it's job well (although a small crack did appear in the glass and then grew along the length of the entire screen but that could be related to my dropping it at some point). Virgin coverage is good (particularly considering the monthly fee which is considerably lower than most companies) and I've never had problems with call quality or connection (in contrast to friends on AT&T; or T-mobile). Battery life is decent (unless you are switching from a non-smart-phone in which case you will think it's terrible; you really have to charge it once per day if you use it a moderate amount for email, texts, words with friends, some web browsing, etc.)Back to the Green Star rating: Some reasons that I believe HTC are a decent (4/5 Green Star) company from a mainly environmental perspective:The HTC Evo V is certified by the independent organization UL Environment based on use of environmentally preferable materials with a minimal environmental impact. There are not many cell phones on this list if you check the UL website.In the UK at least (and hopefully in the US soon) they have shipped One X+ phones without chargers, since 70% of buyers already have a compatible charger from another device. This effort to reduce waste is admirable considering that  cell phone companies have failed to get together to fulfill their promise of a universal charger, and Apple have exacerbated the problem recently by introducing a new type of charging cable. HTC have pledged that all their devices will be sold without a charger by 2015 (they would be obtained separately if needed).Their headquarters is extremely green, particularly in terms of energy use and water recycling.HTC offers a free-shipping product recycling service (as do Apple and several other electronics manufacturers).HTC gets the highest score on ethicalconsumer.org, one third higher than Apple and twice as high as Samsung, while LG sits at the bottom of the scale.However, the goodguide.com rates HTC in same the ballpark as Apple, while Samsung and Sony top their list and LG is also close to the top.This brings up an important issue--the criteria used to evaluate the companies vary between organizations, and the reliability of each rating is limited by the amount of time and effort that goes into conducting research into each company and also updating that research over time. That's where you come in, fellow reviewers! I believe that a more useful consensus rating on the ethics and sustainability of each product can be reached on sites such as Amazon, since everyone can weigh in on the criteria that are important to them. As a result, the average rating will represent a consensus on all the criteria considered.There are many issues (for example: treatment of employees) that I have not looked into. That's why we need many reviewers to conduct research, add their voices, and form a consensus.I would welcome Amazon to introduce a second rating scale of 1-5 green stars to go alongside the current gold star rating scale.  That way, reviewers can separately evaluate product functionality and sustainability-ethics issues, and prospective customers can consider both ratings side by side. To mix them into one rating scale can be confusing; after all would you want to buy a wonderful product if it was made by children? Or conversely, would you still want to buy a slightly greener product if people found that it actually didn't work well?Reviewers: Join in and submit your own Green Star ratings at the top of your review as I did here along with your normal Gold Star rating!