Reasons I do not enjoy the Sprint HTC Evo 4G1.  It dials out in my gym bag or in my pocket even though I have a security lock on the screen.2.  I bought this phone in 2010 when 3G was mostly used.  This was the first generation of 4G.  So, its normally on 3G constantly trying to find a 4G connection.  This process drains the battery.3.  Charging the phone.  -  The charge port is delicate and within one year I had to replace the phone with insurance.  The cord desensitizes and does not create contact to allow the electric charge.  The new charge cord lasts a short time. The charge port on the phone skews easily with NORMAL usage. Now, I have to jiggle the cord charger into the port until the precise angle creates electrical flow and charges the phone.  This process can take about 30 seconds to about 5 minutes per attempt and for the charging light to come on. Also, fully charging the phone takes several hours.4.  After six months, the battery runs out in two hours with little use.  Yes,  I have the task killer program.5.  The Wi-Fi program turns itself on automatically and looks for local connections.  My phone usually selects the Wi-Fi from the hotel down the street that requires a password that I don't have.  So, I receive an error code when I choose to check my emails or use the internet.  Then, I have to turn the wireless option off.  This allows me to get online.  This happens about five times a day.6.  Its slow7.  There is a double loud "beep" every time I make a phone call and I'm waiting for the first ring/connection.  The BEEP BEEP is loud when the phone is near my ear so now I only use the hands free/speaker option.8.  Sprint solicits my phone for special programs like voice mail to text. Its free for 30 days and then a monthly charge.  The phone is slow and the prompt sneaked up while texting.  I accidentally must have activated it and even though I don't use this option, I started receiving an incidental cost on my monthly bill.  How annoying to receive solicitations that are automatically pre-selected to the yes option from my own phone company.  "Oops, did I just purchase something ?"9.  The touch-screen option does not work if my fingers are wet or moist.10. Some of my desktop icons and clock disappear while making phone calls.  I have to go through applications to re-download.11. The weather program does not work.  The standard message is "No Weather data available."12. Bluetooth communication in my car sucks with my brand new fully loaded 2012 VW Jetta SE.Things I like about the phone:1.  The HTC EVO 4G was one of the smart phone options available without choosing AT&T.; In 2010, the iPhone required an AT&T; contract.2.  It has a nice big screen3.  The first year, the camera took great photosIn conclusion,  if you like to do repairs, help people with problems and constantly occupy your life with projects, this phone will stimulate your mind.