I had been waiting for a long time to get a touch-phone. I remember having read N number of reviews and articles on the latest and the greatest technology for a smart phone. But somehow I didn't want to invest big. I didn't want to cry if I managed to lose it. The Nokia C6-01 was a smart decision that I made. I was convinced with the reviews and feedbacks on this little genius and I went ahead and hit "Checkout" on Amazon. And it arrived in a neat box within 3 days. I was all set to experiment on this device and Nokia had always been my favorite. I knew it wouldn't fail. I don't mean to say that companies like Samsung and Apple don't make the user's proud. I also don't mean to compare the Symbian^3 (C6-01's OS) with Android or so.What I humbly mean to say is, I got everything I expected in a dream phone. I hate to admit that I am not worthy of an iPhone or a Galaxy. Simple reason being I wouldn't be able to utilize it better (What's the use of owning a supersonic when you just want to buy milk?).Here are some really good things that I found with the Nokia C6-01* Sweet and Small - You can take this beauty out of your denims without having to acrobat. The 3.2 inch screen is perfect for a mobile phone. Anything more would make it less portable. The curved edges are just as pleasing.* Robust - The device build is definitely strong and metallic and not like some clumsy ones that remove their clothes (parts) when you accidently (or deliberately) throw it down.* Amazing display and color - AMOLED display with TrueBlack (all Jargon that means -crystal crisp display with vivid and life-like colors.* Wonderful Point and Shoot Camera - The 8 MP camera is really cool. I was able to click some really good pics. Don't be misled by the fixed-focus definition. It makes life a lot easier* Wifi B-G-N compatible - Means I am able to download a lot of data pretty quickly. Using my home Wifi I could download over 300 MB (Maps) within 3 mins. (which is pretty fast for me)* Offline Navigation and GPS - You can download the maps and routes offline and use it as a normal GPS without having to rely on any network provider / WIFI for data connectivity. And Ovi-Maps are free for life time.* Easy setup with external emails, IMs, social networking - Inbuilt applications allow quick configuration and you are connected in a breeze.Some less good things* It is considerably heavy and I like it that ways. I can "safely" throw it at a mad stray dog if it comes to attack me.* Battery power - It doesn't have a very powerful battery, so if you are exploiting the device, you need a USB cable or a power charger on the go. With normal usage, I am able to get a charge for around 2 or 3 days.* Fixed Focus camera doesn't allow good quality macro photography. So I use my dedicated digital camera for that.* Using the GPS for a long duration warms the device. I wouldn't be doing that every day, so I won't worry much.So, that is pretty much it. I have got what I needed. (There is a huge difference between what you want and what you need, and this device has made me realize that you would most often never 'need' everything that you 'want')I am happy with this little genius. This is a rather short review for respect of space on Amazon's review page. Maybe I will soon write a detailed review somewhere sometime.