I got the LG Spectrum 2 from Verizon yesterday. The cost was Free with a 2 year upgrade. This is like the 4th Android phone that I have had, plus a number of Iphones. I have this phone because the last one which was a Motorola Razr Maxx started having issues.I have had good Android phones, starting from ICS to JB.I live in a area that doesn't have reception for any carrier except for Verizon when it comes to Lte, fortunately I have a unlimited Data plan. Lte has been my internet source for over 2 years. Believe me, my Maxx ran 24/7 but died 3 days after warrenty. So why did I not go for a Galaxy or DNA. I found that I do not use the phones for much more then casual browsing, I am not much of a game player, at least on a 4.7 inch screen, I leave that for my Asus Infinity Tablet or Laptop. I guess why I am telling you this is to give a general understanding of where I am coming from and that I do have some experience with Top of the Line Phones.Ok, let's talk about the Phones build, nice, maybe not as good a build as the Maxx or Iphones, better then a Nexus 1st Gen. My take on build quality is that I would like to have my phone last for 2 years, but that might not happen, so keep it insured. Under normal circumstances I really think this Phone will stand up to any physical abuse that I might throw at it, but then again I am easy on phones.Screen: I was started when I first turned the phone on, The Screen is amazing, the pure brightness and clarity is truly a marvel, I am not kidding! Sure, not the pixal density of say some of the phones that came out at the same time or today, but I am half blind I fear, and I can say that this display helps me to actually see the screen better. Its not as good as the newest technology, just saying.Android: This phone had some issues when it first came out, but most reviewers (Cnet etc.)at the time blamed it on I.C.S. and said if this Phone ever got JB it would rock even more then it already did, well guess what, it came out of the box with I.C.S. but updated to JB 4.1.2. Ya, a free phone with JB! Any issues that I read about while on I.C.S. are solved, which was mainly Lag between screens etc. It couldn't have been the Processor or Memory...Processor/Memory: First lets do a quick review of what I have mentioned so far: Free, excellent Screen, JB 4.1.2, good enough build. This thing has a 1.5 dual core processor and a good enough memory to blaze through what little I have put it through so far.Now, for me one of the most important things, the radio reception: No joke, it rocks at that also, easily out doing download and upload speeds then on the maxx or just wasting the Samsung Nexus built phone, was lucky I could a 3g on that thing, nice display though. I have 3 solid Bars of 4g, using speed Test, average down load speed 4 to 6 mbps, upload around 3, the Max 3 average download and 1.5 upload. If you are on Verizon and beyond their coverage area but within their extended coverage area, you need this FREE phone if your do for a upgrade and not in the market for the best of the best.Other items not yet mentioned: Voice quality excellent. I used the Speaker talking to my Son, I had set the cell down. I moved around talking and listening, the speaker was clear and loud, my Son never complained about sound quality and actually never knew that I was using the Speaker. Removable Battery, Textured grip on the back, never felt like it was going to slip out of my hands if I was holding it and awake. NFC, with programmable stickers, Beam, external Memory Slot, 16 gb in internal, who needs the "Cloud" with this phone other then for Backups. 8 mb Camera (taken two pics so far), 1.3 forward Camera. Oh ya, how about being able to be charged using a optional charging pad, (You can get the bundle for around 47 bucks with a 2 year plan).So, ya, its a great phone so far and think it was a top off the line phone at the time but was under marketed so little noticed by most including me, at the time being focused on the hype of the other Manufactures.