I've had this phone for 3 months, and Nextel for 3 years. I like the service, but inability to roam can be bothersome when traveling. For emergencies, I remedied this with a tracfone(.com) and just buy a 1 year card each year.Now, for the phone....It's got close to as sensitive reception as my old i1000 plus, which had AWESOME reception. The speakerphone on this model is EXCELLENT, definitely an improvement over the other Nextel models. Battery life is STILL on the "fairly horrible" end of things...charge it every night or you'll run out in the middle of your workday on the 2nd day, especially if you use data features a lot like I do. Luckily, recharge time is VERY quick (under 2 hours with mine) with included rapid charger.As a delivery driver in Michigan, I'm out in all types of weather, no problems yet with this phone, but I wouldn't suggest using in a downpour! (Nextel does have models specifically for those types of conditions...)The screen tends to be too dim to read in bright, direct sunlight, and the light "sensor" seems to add to the problem. A non-reflective coating would have been nice on the display. Very useful 600 entry contact list, which can store ALL of a contact's info (home#, work#, cell#, fax#, email, etc.) Phone has a handy notepad and will take vocal notes, also. Calculator, games, etc are included on phone. Wish it had an alarm clock (if it does, I haven't found it yet..I'll keep looking) for those long drives. The little disco light is kind of funny, too (almost a disco party in your pocket!).Interface is maddening to get used to, if only because it's similar enough to the i1000+ (which I had for three years) that it can get confusing, as it's not the same. Color display is sharp. All volume levels can be set from whisper quiet to LOUD LOUD!Minor gripe: waaay too easy to hit the direct connect button in its holster...make sure you've switched "one touch direct connect" OFF if you're moving around a lot, and once you've finished using DC, hit the STOP button (on top in the middle) to get it back to phone-mode, or you'll have to be apologizing all the time for accidentally two-waying somebody!EXTREMELY handy is the "profiles", which allow individual volume, behavior and wallpaper settings for different situations, i.e., "Truck" "Work" "Meeting" "Movie" or what have you.All in all, a very good phone, especially with all the customization you're able to do with the feature settings.ADDENDUM: another minor gripe: the "stop" button in the center top position of the phone is too easy to bump when removing the phone from its holster-I've accidentally ended several incoming calls this way.**********NOTE: instead of always buying a new car charger for your latest, greatest cell phone and adapters for your newest laptop, simply buy a power inverter which plugs straight into your vehicle's cigarette lighter. Make sure it has a built-in surge protector. Voila! Vehicular power utilizing your "home" charger (cell) or plug (laptop). The best plug directly into the cigarette lighter socket without a cord (the units can get hot, a cord can allow the unit to move all over in the car.) Can power many other things, too...can't find one labeled "surge protector" on amazon, but BB sells them.