The W376 is an excellent low cost phone for those who do not literally LIVE on cell phones (yes, those people still exist), but who want a reliable device that does the very basic thing a cell phone should do - make calls.Let's not compare this phone to major carrier contract phones - you can't.  This phone and most all others from Tracfone, Net10, Straight Talk (etc) are built to a price and sold for cheap prices.  In this case, $20.00.  You can't compare their build quality and features to phones that cost $150 to $300 from the carriers.  But they are surprisingly good for the cheap prices they're sold for.  I will refrain from the controversy of radiation these things may shoot off though.  There's a lot of debate as to how dangerous excessive use can be with these, and let's face it, the W376 and those like it are all cheap plastic - most likely cranking out enough stuff to boil an egg given enough time.  If you like to use cells for hours on end - get something with better shielding "just in case".  That being said, for what I use this for (very light use), I don't consider it a concern.Call quality and the ear speaker are very good.  I live 25 miles outside of Atlanta not near an Interstate Highway, and I get 3-5 bars at all points within my house.  Sound is clear.  Battery life is good.  There is a lag between pushing the keys and hearing the confirmation "beep" and seeing the digits/texts appearing on the screen though, so this takes some getting used to (again, cheap phone).  The camera - let's be honest, it stinks.  A very low 640 x 480 pixel resolution is the max size, and even at "fine" quality the photos are horrible, resembling a watercolor painting more than a photograph (think of cell phones of 8 years ago for reference).  So if the camera is important - look elsewhere.Keywords here - "for the price", the W376 is an excellent phone.  If I were comparing it to a smart phone or touch screen phone from the carriers I'd give it 2 stars, but we're again talking about a cheap phone with cheap call prices, so for this price, it's highly rated by me.  Get the double minutes for life, use the coupon codes included in the package, and for lighter users, this could be a perfect solution to give yourself cell service while at the same time giving the financial finger to the big greedy carriers who charge way too much in fees.Now, with all of this being said, I HAVE to add, that the Tracfone/Net10 customer service is among the WORST I've ever experienced. You will on 100% of your calls be dealing with reps in India.  Reps who speak little English, and those who do, do so poorly and with heavy accents.  Many are under-trained and reading from scripts, and will give you inconstant information.  If you are switching or "porting" a phone number from an old phone of theirs or another phone via a different service, expect a long call with a series of codes and number to be given to the rep, then what can amount to an extremely long wait for it to be transferred, if, it works at all (prompting another call to try to get it fixed, etc etc etc).  If there is one thing that is almost worth the high price of contract carriers (AT&T;, Verizon, T-Mobile), it's that the customer service for them as much as we complain, is actually WORLDS better than from Tracfone/Net10.  So to sum up, these phones are great for certain uses as very basic and sometimes very reliable phones.  But if customer service is as important to you as the phone service price, avoid this service.