This is a solid phone.  I've only had it a month, and I haven't had time nor inclination to play with all the capabilities.  But, long-time or old-time Symbian users (including me) will appreciate the familiar menus and methodologies in a more up-to-date capacitive touch screen interface device.  I don't love this phone, but I really like it - Having come from the N900, and still floating back and forth, I find the web-browsing on this phone to be mostly tolerable when using the third party Opera browser available free in Nokia's Ovi store.  The built-in browser is passable, but the Opera browser takes the n8 to "tolerable".  Compared to the iPhone, various Android devices, or Nokia's own N900, the browsing overall is a bit weak.  I'm annoyed by being forced to Google's "mobile" webpages, when the N900 can render the full Gmail webclient on the built-in browser.  The on-screen keyboard is taxing to those acclimated to a physical keyboard, but Swype is available for free from Ovi, and this mediates the issue of touch-screen typing a bit.  Syncing Gmail and Google Calendar or Microsoft Exchange is possible, but detailed to configure (and only one service provider can be configured).  Syncing info from an older Nokia phone, such as the N900 in my case, is possible, and worked flawlessly.  The camera rivals my point-and-click, and is quite commendable, though I had higher expectations of the Xenon flash. The mp3 player is acceptable (a bit quirky, but, again familiar), and the phone package came with a headset that includes a microphone and player controls on the cord.  The video capability of the phone includes recording at 720P and sending video over a built-in HDMI output (and an included cable), but I haven't tried these features.  One truly unique feature of this phone is the penta band radio which will allow it to work 3G on both ATT and T-Mobile (unless/until the merger goes through).  So for those that value choice of carrier, it's good for a little while for either carrier, not to mention overseas carriers.  Some have made issue of the "non-removeable" battery, but, unlike the iPhone, the battery is removable by simply removing two screws and sliding it out.  This is most likely a space and weight saving design, and really of little consequence to battery maintenance.Generally, the things that are expected of a smart phone are represented here with the exception of iTunes store or  Android Marketplace.  But Symbian has been around a long time, and the apps available in Nokia's Ovi Store, as well as those floating around all over the Internet, testify to that fact.  For example, Angry Birds is available, but Doodle Jump is not. This differentiates Nokia in the smartphone arena - this integration with their own Ovi store and services, and in the smartphone world, this is important.  But Symbian has been around longer than either iTunes or Android, and there is still a big following worldwide.The N8's map application, Ovi Maps, is excellent, and is a vast improvement over the built-in Map application on the N900 (which was so bad that a third party application was written).  The N8 is a pretty fair GPS device, and can operate in offline mode, if the maps for the current area have been preloaded.  And preloading maps, though not strictly necessary when connectivity is present, is a snap from within the map application itself (preferably over WiFi), or from Nokia's companion PC Suite. This is a handy feature for poor/no service areas.  And the maps are free from Nokia and don't take up that much room if they're loaded judiciously.  The N8 Map application can operate in compass mode, which is nice when traveling.Overall, this is a recommendable device, especially for those that have used Symbian-based phones before (there have been a number of manufacturers that have used Symbian in the past).  It's very configurable, has modern smartphone hardware and capabilities, has vast support on the Internet from countless users worldwide, and solid support from the Ovi service and store.UPDATE:After using this phone for a few months, I'm still quite pleased with it, even after it was drenched in a swimming pool (and then disassembled and dried).  Symbian is a very stable OS, and I've not had to reboot this phone, except when drying it out after the unfortunate water incident.  Now, of course, it's not water resistant and I was quite lucky, but I can't help but think the new encased battery design might have helped prevent shorting the battery by trapping air pockets.  The foregoing was a lead-in to say that if/when this one gives out from water damage in the next few months, I will very likely replace it with an orange one just like it.