I've owned several Nokia phones over the years: 2190, 6190, 8890, 6310i, 6230, 6133.  These were all "dumb" phones, although I think they were all quite capable for their times, especially the last one.  This time around, I decided to go with a Nokia smartphone and picked the N85 because of its amazing array of features, compact dimensions, and a very reasonable price after rebate.Being a novice S60 user, I won't write a lot about it.  It is obviously a very mature and powerful software platform that's also easy to use.  Sure, there are a few quirks, and a couple of things seem like they are done a little better in Series 40, but, generally, this thing is a joy to use from the software perspective.  Like the other current Nseries devices, this one is a true multimedia powerhouse.  Unfortunately, I am disappointed in the hardware.The biggest disappointment is the OLED display.  I don't understand why everyone raves about it.  The problem is that it is incapable of producing any shade of grey, which is immediately obvious when the default Nseries theme with abstract grey figures in the background is selected.  The grays look brown.  Even with the brightness set to the maximum level, the grays still have a hint of brown in them, and with the brightness control set in the middle, everything has a brownish tint.  I also don't really like the material that the phone is made of.  It looks better on pictures than in your hand.  I prefer matte plastics that don't show dirt and fingerprints so much.The next problem is the center button and the Navi wheel.  They are loose and imprecise.  The center button makes a rather loud clicking sound.  The Navi wheel is too narrow, and the center button is too close to it, so I constantly hit the down scroll button and the center button simultaneously, which produces an even louder clicking sound.  Luckily, hitting both the buttons still yields the desired result, but these controls can prove tricky even for small fingers.  The touch-sensitive Navi wheel is a gimmick that works sometimes; it's easier to just use the scroll buttons.  The other buttons on the front of the phone are a little harder to press than I would like and also make loud clicks.  I see that Nokia may have addressed this issue in the N86, which appears to have separate buttons, whereas the soft left menu, soft right menu, main menu, and clear buttons on the N85 are all a single piece of plastic.  The dial pad is good though.The camera in this phone also fails to impress me.  Don't expect it to replace your regular point-and-shooter.  It is nice to have a 5-megapixel camera on you all the time, just in case, but you'll still want to bring your main camera on trips and to events.  Same issue with the built-in stereo speakers: I've never seen or heard a Nokia with decent speakers.  Sony Ericsson phones sound a lot better.The phone is a little heavy and nearly impossible to use with the slide closed, because the buttons are so close to the bottom edge, but it is alright with the slide open.  The spring-loaded slide mechanism works quite well, but opening the multimedia side is not as easy as opening the dial pad side; I feel like I'm going to drop the phone whenever I try to get to the multimedia keys.  The battery cover is a little loose, but it's not really a problem.  The good news is that it's easy to remove and put back, if you have to replace batteries and/or SIM cards often.So, what can I say in conclusion?  In my mind, the versatility of the S60 3rd Edition FP2 and the vast world of available applications definitely make up for the problems with the N85's hardware.  I'm sure I'll get used to it.  Had it been more expensive, I would've seriously considered returning it and looking at other options, but I think it's worth the $300 that I paid for it (after rebate), and I'm happy with it in the end.UPDATE AFTER HAVING HAD THE PHONE FOR 2 MONTHS:I'd like to add that my opinion has not changed after I've had the phone for 2 months.  As I expected, I got used to the phone and its shortcomings, which are easy to overlook.  I was a bit skeptical when I first heard Nokia label their Nseries devices "multimedia computers", but I have to say they were right to do so: this phone really deserves the title.  The software is just a little buggy, but Nokia has already released a major firmware update for the European N85 variant, so they will provide one for the North American model very soon.  If you're still undecided, I highly recommend this phone.  It's the best value right now.