Alot of people have written reviews about this phone before me, and I must say none of the people on Amazon who wrote a review got anywhere near the truth.This phone is indeed slow. The Symbian software has it's flaws, but this is nothing to take seriously. This phone does everything it says it does, and better than it assumes.The bluetooth connectivity is one of the fastest I have seen so far, and I have owned 7+ phones. Infared has become obsolete, but is a nice gimmick for those with an infared port on their PC or laptop, although the data cable is faster, it might also be one of those thing you forget on your travels abroad. And at those moments I am sure you will very much apreciate that little black square at the bottom of this device.So much for connectivity, for those are the only options.Th keyboard is so pleasant text messages and emails will flow from the device within a minute or so, as I have experianced.It also does everything a computer can: numbers, symbols and letters are all included of course, but even things such as ctrl+c to copy highlighted text, and ctrl+v to paste. Highlighting is done by pressing the ctrl and the upwards arrow (located right next to it) at the same time. Very pleasant indeed.The joystick work excellent and makes navigating much easier and controlled.The screen is vibrant and very clear even in broad daylight. Bad thing about the screen is that wallpapers do not cover the entire homescreen, as I would have liked to see. A complete log makes up for that however, and a large clock makes for easy time reading.The possibilities are endless, it can and will open all Microsoft Office document, and has simplified applications wich can be compared to all major Office tools.Mobile internet looks and works the best I've ever seen. No longer will you jump from line to line, but a full cursor is available and works just as well as the one on your laptop/PC. On top of that websites load fairly quick, even though I am a GoPhone user.Pictures look gorgeos, videos look well but are a bit jittery, music plays well and loud through the integrated speaker and the voice recorder works well also.IM works just as good as on any other mobile device, although the keyboard makes typing much easier.Google maps are a nice addition. But maybe not suitable for GoPhone users as it sucks up your money like a crackhead.The signal is pretty good, not worse or better than other phones and the battery life is truly amazing. Using no push-email this baby is very carefull with it's juice, and does not spill any whatsoever.Various ringtones, wallpapers, videos and games may be downloaded from sites such as Zedge, and the phone will store quite a few before a mini SD card is needed.I am very happy with this Goliath (sizewise), even if it doesn't have wifi or even a camera for that matter. Most of it's functions and it's striking versatility make more than up for it. Especially for 50 bucks on eBay. A very handy thing to have if you run a store or are a bussines person who needs something that can (but not necessarily has to) replace a laptop for conveniance.