This is the second WP8 phone I've used (the first also being a Nokia Nokia 822, Black (Verizon Wireless)) and I've been blown away by the stability and smoothness of the OS. I've run this now for just over a month and only had to reset (power + down volume) 3 times when the OS froze after I asked too much. And I tried to hang the OS! Contrast this to iOS and Android where resets are normative, particularly on Android.Here are my observations:+Verizon's LTE blazes on this phone. I've run up to 8 other devices off of Hotspot and each device has run at multiple MBPS simultaneously. On tests, I've been routinely in the 6-10 MBPS down AND upload speeds. That's faster than most home networks. And unlike cable, which can peak higher, this service was consistent all times of the day.+Nokia's apps are the best. Here Drive+ (plus is free on Nokia phones) is a great driving app and works as good or better than iOS or Google's options. Here City Lens is an amazing app that adds augmented reality to your camera view - say you want to see where you can eat around you. Hold up your phone, select this app, and all the possibly destinations show up on your screen in the direction you are looking. If you find the one you want you can select it and then navigate to it. Nokia also does a great job of filling app vacuums with their own versions of the apps; they create third party apps like CNN, Groupon, FIFA 13, ESPN Fantasy Football, and so on.+The camera is amazing at 8.7 MP and looks even better thanks to the lenses. Nokia and Microsoft's camera apps make this already impressive camera even better. It can do everything that iOS, Android and even Blackberry 10 can do and most of it better. Panorama, Nokia's Cinemagraph (it makes gif like images where you select which parts of the photo to animate), Smart Shoot, and Photsynth are very well done apps all done by Microsoft and Nokia. Photo adjustment apps thrive with the great camera. The free Fotor is great for editing as well.+The OS is smooth, doesn't hang, doesn't freeze and multitasks as good as or better than any of the other OSs.+The Xbox integration is great. I love the games available and I love that many have Xbox achievements. If you are in to Xbox you'll want this. I can't tell you how many hours I played Shuffleboard to get the last achievement! I love Carcassonne, Civilization Revolution, and many of the Microsoft exclusive games available.+Almost all the apps I need are available on WP8. Facebook, Evernote, LinkedIn, Twitter, My Fitness Pal are all first party apps. Other companies have done a fine job of bringing over other apps until the official ones are made. So I still have access to Pinterest, Wordpress, Vine, Google Play Music, Instagram, and my banks.+I love the integration in the ME tile with Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn. It gives me quick ways to see and share with all my friends and acquaintances.-Battery life on the 928 is no better than your average Android phone. Some Windows Phones do have better battery life but not this one. However, it is not worse than any Android either. Just have a charger nearby. Especially for gaming.-Games are too expensive. Some very basic games, like Monopoly from EA, are normal price $4.99. Most of the games are free or a dollar, like all the Angry Bird and Cut the Rope games, but some are way overpriced. I expect this to change as more games come out. And to be clear, some are worth it. Plants vs Zombies is worth $4.99 and Order & Chaos is worth $6.99 (same as on the other OSs.)-Some obscure apps are not yet available. I really miss Sketchbook Pro (Android) for drawing, but the very well done Fresh Paint app by Microsoft is great for painting.-As of this review, there aren't a ton of great protection options. I've used three different cases and none are as good as an Otterbox. I spoke to an Otterbox rep this week and they were unclear when one would be coming. They don't historically make Nokia cases. But as this phone model continues to sell and Nokia gains back market share I expect this to change.This is a great phone for techie people, gamers, photogs, and for those who just want a phone that works. You'll love the simplicity of the OS and how easy it is to do what you do most.