PROS:  Easy to use, excellent reception, touch screen works great, easy text messaging, subtile ring tones right on the phone, pleasant alarm clock with an easy reset.  Screen "locks" to keep your face from dialing (just touch to unlock.) Charge, with light use, lasts on standby for at least a week probably a day or two longer.  Triple minutes.  I've had it since October and it's been rock solid reliable.CONS:  Porting the number from the Tfone website didn't work this time around (has in past).  Went to their Facebook page rather than face the rumored horror of calling them for assistance.  It all worked out with number and minutes ported.  More of a hiccup than a true CON.TIPS:  Use Facebook wall if TF website doesn't activate the phone.  Buy gel skin cover (you'll want one), sim card and screen protector (if you want them from Amazon when you order so you just get everything at once.  The screen protector sticky does not interfere with the touch ability of the screen. Buy the Year activation card w/ 400 minutes on Amazon (mine was $79). Search the web for bonus codes that give you additional minutes.  Add the card to the phone via the TFone website (rather than the phone) so that you have a second chance if the code you enter is no longer valid.  On the website you can just try another code.REVIEWSure, I want an iPhone, but the truth of the matter is, I have no real use for most of it's features.  I drive to work in 12 minutes so no watching tv or reading books on the train.  I'm over forty so my eyes wouldn't like it if I tried.  I don't have time to play games, or Facebook with friends, sort my phone contacts into lists and then teleconference with them.  I actually have a job and this sadly eats up so much time I might otherwise use for these activities.  If I start wanting to trade stocks from my phone, well, just shoot me now. What I wanted was a phone that was more useful, easier to use but without all the fancy stuff for which I secretly would love to have the time or the need, but do not.  This phone is perfect.What I needed to replace my old, still reliable clamshell LG was a phone that made it easy to text message, make calls with decent reception, store numbers and maybe take a picture on the fly if I happen to see Jim Morrison/Michael Jackson dressed as Elvis in the ladies restroom. (A girl can dream!)  The LG800G does all these things easily and without a hiccup.  So simply that you may not even need to read the directions, which is always a plus.  I've been pleased with the ease of text messaging in particular, since the key/buttons on phones with slide out keyboards remind me of the keys on those early TI calculators.  You know the ones where the number would register twice by mistake and make you start the whole problem over again?I've had no problems with the touch screen, although a friend just bought an LG800 for her mother and the mother seemed to have difficulties with it.  I'm not sure if it was the phone or not though, as the woman seems resistant to change.  Still, she bought hers in a backwater K-mart and I ordered mine from the Tracfone website. There is touch calibration on the phone and everything has worked smoothly for me.  I can text my niece so when she turns her phone on in front of her pals, there is a message waiting for her --apparently important these days-- and do it reliably and without fuss.Those who say the phone is a slippery little dude are correct.  Save yourself the trouble of having to wait and order one of the gel skins to cover the back when you buy the phone.  Mine fit perfectly with a bit of shoe-horning and has much improved the bulk and hand feel of the phone.  I also got a screen protector to fit and a 4Gig sim card in case I decide to store more data.  The phone also takes (probably) grainy video and the storage seemed cheap and sensible to have.  You never know when you'll need to film that tornato for the Weather Channel!Since I had an existing Tracfone  I wanted to port my number and the outstanding minutes to the new phone.  When I made the initial switch from Virgin Mobile to Tfone I did this quite easily via the TF website.  This time it was more difficult since the website seemed unresponsive.  They launched a site re-design during the period I was trying to activate, and I suspect this was the problem.  Luckily some wonderful soul in these reviews had mentioned Facebook and so I went that route rather than risk calling.  It did work eventually but took several days, mostly due to the fact that I wasn't on my computer for an extended period, so I couldn't sinc with one of the service reps.  Once I did I was activated in minutes and new minutes added tripled as promised.  If you mostly text, say 10-15 messages a week, 1200 minutes will last you to the end of time.  Don't know about web usage.My experience with this phone and Tracfone as a company has been great. That being said, I've never had to call them.  I like this phone a lot.  If you want to have a "not-quite smarty phone," this could be it.  Early versions of this phone seemed to have problems, which have been ironed out from what I can tell.  Still, I might resist the temptation to pluck that dusty one off the rack in a dimly lit Radio Shack or shabby K-mart as it might be one of the older ones.