The good------------Phone speaker sounds great for playing music, better than any phone I've heard- doesn't get that loud though.The camera takes the best pictures of any phone I've ever seen, better than most digital cameras even.Music sounds excellent when you hook headphones up to it.. way better than iPhone or any android. Unfortunately, you'll need to buy a special adapter because of SE's stupid proprietary jack in order to use your own personal headphones with a 3.5mm connector. Also, the sound starts to get distorted if you turn it all the way up (which is where you'll have it most of the time because it doesn't get very loud).The bad---------AWFUL to text on- the keys have no feedback at all and it's easy to press two at the same time. Also there's a raised plastic ridge at the bottom of the phone that makes it difficult to press the bottom row of buttons with your thumbs. Camera's great but the photo browser on the phone is terrible- when scrolling though photos in fullscreen mode, you see a distorted, low-quality pixelated version of the image, and it seriously takes 3 - 5 seconds (I'm not exaggerating) for the phone to load the full high quality photo.Chintzy plasticy build quality.. after only two months use, the thin plastic sticker on the side of the phone that holds in the volume and shutter buttons was peeling off. My volume rocker fell out of the phone and was lost. Ergonomically, the phone is not comfortable to hold while talking on it, and especially while texting. The call speaker does not get nearly loud enough.. I found myself pressing this phone forcefully into my ear even when there was no ambient noise. Using the phone in landscape mode is totally pointless because less than half of the interface actually works in that mode.Internet browser is awful, don't even bother... video recording sucks.. 352 x 240.. really? Landscape auto-rotation rotates at the most inappropriate times, which is especially annoying when using the music player because when the screen rotates, the buttons do different things-- imagine you're running on a treadmill trying to change songs and the orientation keeps flipping back and forth because the phones vibrating in your hands.. those were times when I just wanted to crush the phone in my hands and stomp it to death. Very aggravating.Charging port connection was constantly loose from the day I got it- either my phone would not charge some nights, or when listening to music, if it was bent even slightly, the audio would cut out. Also, this phone gives you an INCREDIBLY ANNOYING message that says "Be sure to unplug your charger to save electricity!" every time you unplug it from the charger, or the connector becomes momentarily loose.. the message can't be disabled, and it makes you stare at that message for 3 - 5 seconds before it goes away (the whole time you're just waiting to see what time it is, but the message obscures everything).Overall, the interface is slow, clunky and not user-friendly, every keypress brings up an hourglass in the center of the screen. It takes way too many key presses to view a text message you just received, and if you like texting two friends at the same time - on this phone- forget it. The conversation mode view is only somewhat useful- if the message is very long, it cuts off, and the font is so huge you can only fit one message on there at once, which means lots of scrolling. Lastly, this phone has the worst battery life I've ever seen on any phone. The battery lasts less than one full day even with light to moderate use! I thought maybe my battery was just defective, bought a new one- no improvement. I've never owned a phone I had to periodically charge throughout the day like this one.This phone only lasted me about 3 months before I tore it apart in my hands because of what a piece of crap it is. This phone has an excellent camera, but unfortunately, that's all it's got going for it. My first sony ericsson phone was excellent (S710a.. I still have it), my second and third phones have been junk. I'm going back to my iPhone. Stay away from this disgrace of a phone. I promise you'll regret buying it.