I have owned this phone for nearly 4 years. It is not a smartphone. But it does do a lot of things smartphones do. It is a good phone if you want something smarter than a plain phone but aren't ready for a full smart phone. (I jokingly called it my "training phone" since smartphones were a bit too complicated for me back then).  I keep it in my pocket with my keys. Never had a problem with screen damage. Now years later, the screen is a little less responsive on occasion. But no damage (And I work in construction and drop it ALL the time) I do have a little rubber/gel cover on it but no screen protector. In 4 years, I have had to factory reset it once because it was getting glitchy. Worked perfectly since. Most people don't keep their phones that long anyway.Pros:It is small. (Much smaller than a full smartphone) It fits in the pocket easily, even next to my huge keyring.The virtual qwerty keyboard is better than the ones on android. The shift key is your friend there too. Texting is a breeze.I love the manual lock button and the physical home, call and back buttons.It has some nice voice activated features.Tons of storage thanks tot he micro SD card.You can rearrange and shortcut lots of apps like on smartphones and the menus are pretty intuitive.The touchscreen works well even 4 years later. Notice the edge of the phone is raised - that protects the screen even when I don't have it in a cover.The address book allows for plenty of details per entry. Alarms and other features are well-done.Camera is very easy to get to and use. Does video and pictures, and does very well for just 2 megapixels.Easy to pull the microSD card and easy to connect to a computer for direct downloads.If you hate typing, there is a stylus and handwriting text entry option. It works very well if you want to just write notes. The American version doesn't come with a stylus built in, but you can purchase a new back cover with built in stylus for a few bucks. Totally worth it if you want to use the handwriting text entry. Same strokes as the old Palm/Treo etc.Cons:The screen and menus are easy to re-arrange but you can accidentally delete things forever in the process. So just be careful as you are doing it.The camera is 2 megapixels and has no flash. After you take a picture, you must hit "back" to take another. (Like most older phones)Unlike android smartphones you can't download apps as easily.The Ovi store isn't as good as google. But I did get some cool apps and games.The GPS never worked well for me.Internet is slower than on modern smartphones. But does work. (I only used it for a year or so, then decided I didn't need internet)Overall:I like the phone. It is a good, small size workhorse. I am now ready for a smartphone but am having trouble finding one this small. The few that are this small aren't worth the upgrade. I may end up keeping this phone for a good long while!