What I liked about it: I needed to replace my ancient Nokia E63 GoPhone and wanted to go to Android and unlocked. I was rather pleased with this phone when I first got it. It's small and light. Seems durable despite plastic construction - I dropped it several times and other then a small nick it held up fine over 6 months use. Dual-core processor. Truly water-proof (for a time). Has a pretty good feature set (when it worked). Descent camera (when it worked). Sony's Android overlay wasn't terribly obnoxious (unlike other phone companies).Cons: First, the screen is probably too small. It's about the size of an early iPhone, but these days that's not much real estate for an Android phone. It's low on pixel count too. You can't replace the battery - it's sealed in. Only comes with 8GB of memory, much of which is taken up by the system and other apps (it does have an SD card slot). The water resistance of the phone is largely dependent on flaps that cover the charge/USB and headphone ports. After 4 months, the flap for the headphone port fell off (I often listened to Pandora in the car so it was removed frequently to connect to my stereo). Battery life was pretty mediocre - although that seems to be a given these days with small Android phones - the most I could expect out of heavy use was 4-5 hours, 12-18 hours of light use (charge it every night). It's not capable of 4G. All of those things were annoying, but not deal-breakers.And then...This phone was originally designed for Android 2.2.3 Gingerbread. Early this year, Sony started rolling out a 4.0 (ICS) update for the Advance (it's called the Go in other countries). The problem is, either this phone's 512MB just isn't enough to handle running this newer version of Android (I often saw as low as 20MB of free RAM), or Sony's version of this update was the glitchiest piece of dung I've ever had the privilege of having used on an electronic device (and I once owned a computer running Windows Me). The phone froze constantly, and when it wasn't not working at all, it was running sllllooooowwwwwwllllyyyy. The camera sometimes took 15 seconds to open, and took even longer to focus on a subject. Google Maps almost never ran properly. If you were listening to music, you couldn't answer the phone. In fact, more often than not, you couldn't answer the phone. As soon as a call came in, the screen would go blank (but it would start to vibrate). Then, it would start to ring. Then, it would finally show the Incoming Call screen (this was about 10 seconds later). And when you try to move the Answer slider - nothing. No dice. It will just ring until it went to voicemail. And when attempting out-bound calls, it would try for 15 seconds to connect to the network, then when the person answered, I couldn't hear them for the first 10-15 seconds of the call. Texting? You'd get 3-5 words typed and then it gave up registering your key strokes. Restarting the phone (sometimes 5 times a day) would make everything normal temporarily (maybe an hour or so). Task killers and cache cleaners didn't work. And I didn't want to have to root or upload a custom ROM to a phone that I'd paid full price for. Sony has been promising an upgrade since last summer for this phone, but after missing several important phone calls and being generally unable to use this phone consistently for much of anything, I gave up on it. Switched to a contract, got an S4 on here for a penny.If you're looking for an unlocked "rugged" Android phone in this price range, this might be your only choice. But do yourself a favor - save up and get something better.