I bought the Net10 Samsung T401G phone two weeks ago. Advertised as getting 3 cents per text message (or .30 minutes) per text. Minutes were running out fast until I noticed I was getting charged .15-.25 cents (1.5-2.5 minutes) per text for each of the texts that I had sent.After spending about 25 minutes on my Tracfone phone with Net10, who is owned by Tracfone, and have them tell me that because of the Code Entry Mode numbers on the phone being correct, I was getting charged the correct amount per text. I had to argue with them that my phone was overcharging me, then all of a sudden, they wanted me to key in some code numbers, and then go figure, I was getting charged (.30 minutes) per text. I am still getting charged (.90 minutes) per text when its from an actual email address. When it's from a phone, it's (.30 minutes).Last Friday, when I turned the phone on, the screen read, "Insert SIM". It had never been touched since I've had the phone, and all of a sudden that screen appeared. I removed the SIM card, and re-installed it a few times, still the same results. I called Net10/Tracfone's Customer "Care" representatives who told me to remove the card and re-insert the card. After I did it for them, they were talking to me like I was some kind of idiot. "Did you install it correctly?", "Is it seated corrected?", "Is it loose?" "Do you have it in upside down?", and on, and on, and on. The SIM Card is notched in the corner, and down in an indentation where it can only go in one way. This took about 15 minutes, and then I sat on the phone for another 10-15 minutes while they talked to their supervisor. I asked to talk to a manager, and then was put on hold, where I was disconnected from.I called back again, went through the above again, asked to talk to a manager, and was told this time that the managers did not take phone calls, and I could speak to a supervisor, so they put a supervisor on the phone, went through the above mentioned fiasco AGAIN, and then 39 minutes later I was told they would send me another SIM card. With roughly 70 minutes gone off of my other phone they said minutes spent on customer care calls would not be reimbursed, and I should have called from a LAN line. If I had a LAN line, I wouldn't need them. The little that I have used the Samsung phone so far, seems like a nice phone when it works, but since the customer care is Tracfone/Net10 gets a 1 rating, and that's only because there are no zeros.My sister has since bought one of these Net10 Samsungs, and has also had to make the call to them to enter the codes for the 3 cents a minute text.If you buy some Net10 minutes, be sure to budget in minutes for poor customer care calls.Hello Verizon.UPDATE: September 27th 2010The phone that I went through the above mess with worked for a couple of weeks with the new SIM card, now displays the 'Insert SIM' message AGAIN. This phone was used very little and was never opened up before getting the 'Insert SIM' message again. I went to ShopKo to get a refund, and it is now ShopKo's policy that all cell phone sales, and cell phone minutes sales are NONREFUNDABLE. Contact manufacturer for problems with the cell phone. That way, you can go through the above mentioned circus. Thank you ShopKo, I hope you enjoyed my money. The ShopKo that I speak of is located at: 4801 Washington Avenue in Racine, WI.,  Tel: 262-637-3733. Stay away from ShopKo and Net10/Tracfone.