I bought the LG 420G Tracfone at Walgrens last night.  It was on sale for $14.99 and it comes with double minutes for life. I still have an open-faced  Nokia 1100 Tracfone that I bought in 2006 and which still works perfectly. I got the LG because I liked the camera and the speaker phone features, plus it was on sale and has the double minutes.There is a folded red activation card that says Start Here! It gives 5 steps to follow for activation.  However, DO NOT do the steps without looking at the inside of the activation card.  You do not learn that there is more info inside until after you read step 4, and you need that inside info to do steps 1-3.  The inside tells you how to open the port covering the charging dock, which you will not know if you try to do the steps without looking inside.After charging the phone all night, I called Tracfone and gave the computer the serial number, and was told that phone would be activated in less than an hour.  However, it wasn't and when I called back, the computer gave me several codes that I had to enter in order to get the phone programmed.  I have no idea why that wasn't done ahead of time.  The computer then told me that the phone was now activated, but it wasn't.  I finally had to talk to a live person, who told me to turn the phone off and back on.  Once I did that, it was activated.I have been playing with the LG all day and it seems to work fine.  The sound is clear and everything seems to work the way it is supposed to.  However, the Services Guide is very incomplete and is almost useless.  I have been using trial and error to figure things out.The Services Guide does not mention the speaker phone at all.  It cannot be found on any of the menus.  To access it, you have to make a call or receive a call, then hit the options button, and scroll down to "speaker on" to turn it on.  Once you hang up, it is automatically turned off.  That is very handy, but it would have been very helpful to have been able to see it in the Services Guide.The camera seems to work all right and will probably be handy to have, but only time will tell on that.I could have transferred my old Nokia Tracfone minutes to this new LG when I activated it this morning, but I am going to keep the Nokia at least until I am sure that this LG is worth the money and I am sure that I can get used to it.  As I said, that old Nokia still works great even though it is a very basic cell phone with no bells and whistles like this LG has.So far, I consider the LG to be a good phone.  If you get one, watch out for the pitfalls that I mentioned above in getting it charged up and activated. Also, be aware that the Services Guide will not help much.  If you would like a pre-paid flip-phone with a camera and speakerphone and a color screen to look at, this might be a good buy for you.Update (11/7/2011): The phone did not change the time when we moved the clocks back an hour this weekend.  It was an hour ahead after the change. If that happens to you, just turn your phone off and then back on, and the time should be corrected.  I have been unable to find a manual way to change the time and this seems to be the only way to fix it.