First and foremost, this is a Tracfone phone, and I would highly recommend that you use a carrier other than Tracfone. It was a pain to get my service switched from my old phone to this one, and their tech support isn't good at all. If you're thinking of buying this phone, you should check if other prepaid carriers use the same model (and remember than Net10 and StraightTalk are both owned by Tracfone).For the most part, this is a great phone. The first thing I noticed about it was its size and weight- this is by far the thinnest and lightest phone I've ever held. It's a good bit lighter than smaller Tracfone models, and it's about a quarter of the weight of an Evo Shift 4G. It's also very thin; it's barely 3/8" thick.The wifi antenna works very well (it seems to have an easier time finding hotspots than the aforementioned Evo Shift). The screen is fairly low-res (for the cost and size, it's worth it), but it's still easy to read. The menus are straight-forward; you'd be able to figure out most of its functions without a manual (which is good, because they don't send you one).That being said, there are a number of small issue that can be a real problem. Added together, they're bad enough that I knocked two stars off what would have been a five-star review:1) When the phone locks, it's unlocked by pushing one soft key, then the other. It turns out that it's very easy for those buttons to get pressed in the correct order in a pocket. Twice in the first day I'd owned it, I pulled it out of my pocket to find the browser open. (And yes, I locked it before putting it in my pocket.) There's a phone password option, but it only prompts for the password when the phone turns on, not when it unlocks. Buying a belt holster is *mandatory* with this phone.2) The USB port (which is used for charging) is clunky. When you insert a cord, it feels like it's in before it's fully inserted- it hangs up on the inside of the port, feeling like it's bottomed out. This is especially true with the included charger- if the cord moves around and the screen doesn't light when you plug it in, it's not in all the way, and it's not charging.3) The space bar types two spaces when you press it. It appears to have two buttons under the keyboard piece, and each one registers separately. The problem is, the space bar is about the width of a thumb, so pushing just one side is a real pain. It becomes especially annoying because the autocorrect turns double spaces into new sentences (changing it to a period and a space, and capitalizing the next letter), so you end up using the backspace key a lot in text messages.4) This is the worst one. There's a glitch in the phone's internal operating system: If you set the dialing display font to anything larger than "small", it starts wrapping numbers to a second line if you manually dial a long enough number. However, once it skips down a line, it moves the text insertion point back a space, so that the numbers you're typing are inserted in the middle. I found this out when I went to test the phone on my home phone, and dialed a wrong number; by watching the screen, I saw what it was doing. It doesn't do this on the small font (though a typical phone number won't wrap down a line in this font, anyway), and it doesn't do this if you start with a one (must be the auto-hyphenation). If you live in an area with an area code overlay, thus meaning you always dial ten digits, you're stuck with small font for dialing; it can be difficult to read unless you hold the phone fairly close to your face.