I bought this phone in October, moving from the iPhone 4, after considering the iPhone 5.  I'm still of mixed feelings about the choice I made.  I run a small business and enjoy gadgets but am not a geek.  The iPhone was the first phone I had that was a pleasure to use -- if you wanted to do something, it was set up to do that -- no pressing four or five buttons and trying to remember what you had to do, in what order, to do a simple function.  My husband was a keen Blackberry user and said the same thing about his phone.I was attracted to the new form factor with the Samsung, and was persuaded by the raves of the Android fan base.On the pro side, the form factor still makes it my favorite of the phones I have used on that criteria. It feels great, the screen is the right size . . .and you get used to how light it is and get over any sense of "cheap build" rather quickly.  Android's screens are more customizable, and I like that I can have a scrolling bottom bar and put the icons there that I want.  Drag and drop is a good thing, too.  And all the reasons you don't have to be tied to the Apple world, including the proprietary chargers that change too often, and so forth.  All those annoyances are gone.On the con side:1. Android's marketplace is just not a peer for Apple for what I want.  I've actually kept my iPhone 4 to use as an iPod and to use some of the fun apps that aren't available on Android (coming up for the holidays, the Grinch Cam).  After tooling around on the Android marketplace, I realize that I just will not have some of my favorite apps on Android (no Monty Python app, no Scene It! 30 Rock app, and so forth).  I think that the Android Marketplace is like Wal-Mart -- they have basically what you need plus a few nifty things; whereas iTunes is like Target -- they come up with stuff you can't live without.2. Battery life.  Probably only lasts 1/3 as long as my iPhone, and clearly I was running more apps on the iPhone.  The issue is that, if you leave the house with your phone fully charged in the morning, you will need to charge it by late afternoon -- and that's if you don't use it much.  If you use it heavily, it will be dead by noon.  Not an issue if you have a strict routine and are always close to a charger.  It puts me in mind of an all-electric car, where you always have to be thinking of how far you have left before you have to charge it.  If the idea of an electric car's limited range bothers you, then just be aware that you'll experience the same thing with the S3.  You will be babysitting the battery all the time.  In fact, everyone I know with a Samsung phone is bemoaning the battery life and we're all sharing chargers in meetings or while visiting with each other.  What has changed for me is that now I'm always thinking about how much charge is left in my phone, and whether I have time to charge it enough to last the evening, before going out to dinner.  It's let me down when I've been out and about, whereas my iPhone was just more reliable.  I have a Google Nexus and have the same issue.  I feel like I now spend all my time running around checking and charging the batteries, and I have to have two chargers all the time because they always overlap in their need for power.  It wears you out after a while if you have actual other things to do.3. Outlook.  It's a shame this phone will not sync with Outlook, which is our company standard for email and contacts.  I had to export a .csv file to my desktop and then upload that to gmail.  As is usual in life, individual contacts across the two platforms are going to vary and one is going to get updated and the other is going to lag behind.  Having to manually do this is a supreme annoyance and a problem for a business person.  In fact, I now think fondly of having to sync through iTunes rather than using drag and drop to micro-manage my phone's files.  iTunes imported everything I need and kept it updated all the time.Additionally, the Apple texting and phone apps are cleaner and work better.  I've tried several options for texting apps, and they are just glitchier and more difficult to use.  Phone app the same way.All these annoyances are the price I pay for a nicer size and being able to customize my phone (ie, being free of iTunes), which is a nice way of saying that you have to spend a lot of time teaching it how to do things that the iPhone does automatically.  I see why geeks love Android.  Although it automatically uploaded pictures from my computer -- junk pictures for the most part -- into a file that I cannot access and get rid of.  That is the only iTunes like problem I've encountered.All in all, the iPhone is a superior device -- critical functions perform transparently, the build is better, and the apps are better.  It's like having a Maserati while Android phones are like nice SUVs.  Most of the time, you're fine with the Maserati, but once a year at Christmas, you want to haul a tree and some big presents.  Then the Maserati seems a little limited.  But it's not bad having a Maserati the rest of the year!Less of a choice in apps, inability to sync with Outlook, poor battery life: these are significant issues.  You can blame Android, but the fact is, this phone won't run on anything but Android.