First, I will state that I am using this model cellphone to write this review. I have had this phone for one year, one month, twelve days, seven hours and fourteen minutes as of this writing. It has good battery-life; I have turned it off about a dozen times, maybe. I charge it regularly. It has never died, though it is time to replace it, as the charger no longer stays securely in place. This phone has taken a severe beating from me, and earned my respect thereby. It has hit the concrete a thousand times. I once dropped it in the sink, partially submerging it. I used a hair-blowdryer on it, then left it in my oven overnight to dry, and months later it's like it never happened. So it isn't super-delicate and will survive some abuse, I can swear to that. It has served as my daily internet connection (for news, shopping, Wikipedia, YouTubing, Amazon, reporting earthquakes to the USGS - everything the casual internetter does - all on an "unlimited" data plan, of course, and I am not here to review AT&T;'s service); it is my sole telephone connection, and likewise my means of texting and such; and my only camera, being myself not so much interested in capturing and sharing all of life's precious moments - though I do send a handful of pictures and videos, and so for me personally, the camera modes are "better" (more bells and whistles) than I need (though far less than others, I would also surmise); but there's nothing wrong with the quality, for the forty bucks they're asking right now. The most relevant thing I can say about this phone is this no-brainer: probably what will most strongly influence your opinion of it is what kind of phone you are coming off of, and how many functions you are used to having at your everyday disposal. If you only need a few things, this has them all and you can make a button on the screen for "shortcuts" like alarm clock, calculator, and anything else you want designated. If you are used to a quality smartphone in the $150-250-and-up range and you want a cheap backup, this one may be too mediocre for you, but it may be passable, if you are able and willing to sacrifice.. If you are accustomed to state-of-the-art technology, this phone is probably going to seem as a Stone Age relic to you, and will not do what you are used to doing. (I understand some cellphones cost upwards of $600; if you have one of those, this phone would be an insult to taste and an affront to your dignity.) If it is only a short-term backup, then it will perform all the usual phone, text, picture/video, and internet functions you'll absolutely *need*, unless your job demands more-than-basic internet capabilities. Those spoiled on quality had best look elsewhere.If, on the other hand, you have never had a smartphone, or have only recently realized that (as was the case for me) you are paying enough of a cellphone bill each month that you could be receiving internet as well, this kind of device is a heck of an eye-opener. It will do way more than you'll ever even find out about, it's easy to figure out how to use and find your way around on, and it's kind of fun just checking out all of its features. I never once opened the user's guide that came with it.There are better and worse phones, no doubts about that; I always thought simplest was best, but upgrading to this phone was, for me, a leap forward. I would probably not buy this if I was used to a real smartphone; however, this phone is a cool upgrade if you've stayed away from the technology so far, partly because of its ease of use. After the abuse heaped on the one I have now, it is time for me to buy a new cellphone. I'm going to order another one of these.*Update 1/14/2013*Still running strong; a couple of friends and family now own one of these, and we're just happy as clams. (Clams are, by nature, extremely happy creatures - or so I'm told.)Apparently, this model is considered dated enough that AT&T; still offers "unlimited" data packages with no throttling (as far as I can tell); phones that transfer data at higher speeds are not eligible for the same plan, but I still get unlimited talk/text/internet for $50 a month, and if this phone is slow, I haven't noticed. I hope they never stop selling them; I just bought an extra in case some evil should befall this one. I stand by my earlier review: this dandy device services my communications-needs admirably, though a real computer will still be necessary for any serious projects.