The device went bad after 5 weeks.  Tracfone "charged" 300 minutes in order to change over to the new replacement.  No way to track minutes on Tracfone's site.Device communicates with my PC through "PC Studio", Samsung actually calls the program "NPS" for "New PC Studio" version 1.5.1.11053_3. About half of the features on NPS work.  Web Posting to Facebook does not work and PC occasionally kicks off NPS (the program is unstable) and you have to start all over.  For my telephone book, it offers enough contact fields enter a name, category, 3 numbers and a e-mail address, that's all, and does not match out all the fields available within the S390G.  The images stored on the internal memory may or may not exist, depending on which routine you are running.  Looks like you still have to go to the phone to attach face images to each phone number.I bought a cover for it for $3.58 delivered and also keep it in a recycled belt-loop holster.  But it still dialed 000 Emergency when I was reaching sideways to crank up the window on the other side of the car.  Apparently I was half-ways sitting on it with my hip and each oscillation from turning the crank pressed the buttons again and again. So I scrounged around the trash and found an empty, rigid plastic antacid bottle, cut the top off and the device just barely fits into it and put that into my holster.  That might keep the buttons from being pushed inadvertently.  So far that has worked.The camera isn't bad for a point and shoot and the adjustments are functional.  But it cannot take a picture of a business card, driver license, bar code, etc. Which came in handy with my previous smartphone when I was in a multi-car accident.  The camera does engage almost instantly by holding down the zero key and has come in very useful when you have to be quick about it and you're nervous to boot.  The video appears adequate, has good sound.  Used it twice so far.The downloadable Opera browser is very powerful once you spend time setting it up, and shows off the strengths (and weaknesses) of the device.  You can't cut and paste urls because the device isn't multitaskable but Opera helps out a little bit there for you.  Facebook has its own app designed for this type of device and works well.  The device has trouble attaching photos, have to keep trying and it eventually works.  Cannot preview thumbnails before selecting them, have to memorize the file name first.  All this should be done with a WiFi connection to save air-time costs.  WiFi will sometimes become disabled and I have to reset the device for WiFi to work again.I cannot comment on the messaging, e-mail or music features because I am not using them for now.  For my purposes it is really a phone with a camera and a few toys, which is fine because that pretty much covers what I had been using my previous smart phone for anyway.  Decent price for what actually works - which is not much more than their $15 camera- flip phones.  The best part is the triple minutes, keeping my air-time costs down to about $10/month with a 1-year minutes purchase.