EDIT: I would like to note that I've actually gone through TWO Sidekick LXs so far, with a third on the way in the mail. This is due to my bluetooth malfunctioning to such a degree that it can't be a fluke or occasional connection problem. I do not have high hopes for this third phone and I anticipate that I will also have to return the third one to swap for an equivalent but different brand phone just to have bluetooth functionality. If you don't use bluetooth, or don't mind a wired headset, this problem is irrelevant, but one of the main reasons I purchased an LX was because it did have bluetooth. I've not read online of anyone else having the same problem I have, so it is either a rare problem or I'm just absurdly unlucky. (and no, sadly, it isn't user error for me--I've troubleshooted this issue with TMobile quite a bit with no less than three bluetooth headsets from two different manufacturers)Aside from that problem, the LX is a fine phone, and you can read my original review below.My first Sidekick was the Sidekick II. I loved it! I skipped the Sidekick 3 because I heard a number of awful things about it. And now I own the Sidekick LX.I actually purchased the Motorola Sidekick Slide first, because I liked the colors better and didn't see a real need for the upgraded Aquos screen. Big mistake. I was lucky and didn't get one of the ones with the notorious power-off problem, but it still had problems of its own. The MicroSD card, for instance? The Slide read it once, and then for some reason, it decided it couldn't read it anymore! Typing was uncomfortable compared to the SK2. I decided to go to the T-Mobile store and return it for a Sidekick LX.Popped that same MicroSD card into the LX and it read it just fine!I like my LX, I really, really do. But the lack of features really hurts:-No Wifi support (Curve has this)-No 3g support (Curve doesn't have this either)-No A2DP Bluetooth support (you can't use bluetooth headphones to listen to your mp3s)-The speaker on the phone sucks--when I'm using my phone directly (instead of my bluetooth headset) I have to turn the volume to the max to be able to hear who I'm talking to, and I have no hearing problems whatsoever!-The camera REALLY sucks, I've not gone to compare yet but I remember my SK2 camera being better than this one!-Very, very limited in what third party applications are availableThere are some bonuses to the Sidekick LX:-Cheapest data plan of all the T-Mobile data plans, and it gives you unlimited texting (the other plans do not), which is key if you're the type of person who sends lots of text messages.-Terminal program (big selling point for me--don't worry if you don't know what it is, you probably won't need it)-Big, clear screen-Easy to use keyboard (it is larger than most smartphone keyboards and may be the best smartphone keyboard around)Considering the price I paid for my Sidekick LX, I'm quite happy with the phone in spite of its flaws. There are a number of times I wish I had purchased the Helio Ocean or the Blackberry Curve instead. Unless the next Sidekick sports some of the more important features (3g, WiFi, A2DP Bluetooth) this will be my last Sidekick.For text happy teens, however, this is the best phone on the market due to the data plan alone--unlimited text messages!