LG Double Play:  We really love this phone!  First and foremost, it's 4G.  My last smart phone was 3G.  3G is good, but 4G just soars.  It's like driving a gas guzzler, and then getting a Tesla Sportster.  You can compare them, but it not fair to the former.*Texting:  The slide out full Qwerty keybd works even with my large fingers.  On my previous phone, I was always having to be careful when I texted.  I would often hit the key next to the one I wanted, or have to hit a key 5 times before it would register.  The Double Play kybd has really good spacing is raised just enough to make typing fun again.  When you don't have to constantly stop to correct typing errors, you can type really fast.*Camera:  I take a lot of pictures.  The camera on Double Play is fantastic.  It's auto focus function really improves every picture I take.  In a lot of ways, it's better than a regular camera, since its small, always with me, and the results are spectacular.*Email:  You can easily set up your desk top email accounts like Gmail, Yahoo, and MSN.  I have several POP email accounts, and it took minutes to set them all up.  Now, everything that downloads to my desktop, also downloads to my phone.*Ease of USE:  On the top left of the phones display, there is an area that tells you, you have emails, messages, calendar reminders, etc.  When ever you see an icon in this area, you use your finger, and swype down a shade, and you get a prompt telling you:  you missed a call (touch this, and it gives you detail on the missed call, i.e. who called, the number, etc), you have a voicemail, a calendar reminder, etc.  On the base of the large display, you have preset buttons to take the display to the "Home" screen, a "Back" or go to last screen button, a "Search" buttong, and a "Menu" button.  In any screen depressing the "menu" button gives you set up and running options for the screen you are in.*CMAS:  The phone is equipped with the national and local emergency warnings  The phone will give you a message alert when there is bad weather, all the way up to Presidential emergency alerts.  Last night, the phone started sounding the emergency alert tone.  It was an alert about severe weather in our area.  Great to always have this option with us where ever we are.*WiFi:  You can use your home computers wireless system, and/or your local coffee shops, and/or local stores to make calls.  Two benefits, first, it insures reception in hard to get a signal places and second, can depending on your plan, not impact your phones plan minutes.*Battery Life:  My last smart phone, had to be charged at least 1x a day,  If I spent a couple hours surfing, I would have to throw it on the charger immediately.  With the Double Play, I am able to all that I want, surf, call, text, and at the end of the day, I may or maybe not, have to charge the phone.*Multiple Displays:  You get 2 displays on this phone.  Embedded in the slide out qwerty kybd, is a second smaller display.  I keep my "today's" calendar displayed on this display, and do every else on the main display.  You can set up the second display for weather, news, or whatever you want.  It has an icon driven menu system, and you can leave it in the home display, and ready to run what you want, when you want.You can use this second display to read email as you scroll through the email list on the large display.*Optional Carrying Case:  Amazon has some custom hard plastic cases for under 15 bucks.  Actually, you get five different colors, black, red, blue,  and white for $12.74.*Optional Memory:  The phone comes with a 2GB micro SD card.  I swapped this out for a 32 GB micro SD card.  Amazon sells these typically for 20 to 25 dollars.Summary:  Overall, I have had a lot of phones, and this by far is my favorite!