I was looking for a good cell phone for my son just to take to his friend's house so he can call me when he wants to move on to another house and I can keep track of him.OUT OF THE BOXIt was very easy to set up with the quick start guide.  The battery was already charged, so I did not have to wait to set things up.  The website was easy to access and log in.  I got the phone number and passwords in no time.PHONEThe phone looks like any other phone.  It is lighter weight than my cell phone at 2.7 ounces.  The wallpaper  has the graphics of an old-fashioned video game and plays a little midi tune.  It's cute.The shell is shiny, gets fingerprints all over it.  I would prefer a matte finish, but that's okay.The screen looks much like my cell phone screen and operates much the same way.Sound quality of the phone calls is tinny, not crisp and clear.  I prefer my own phone.  However, it gets the job done, which is basically enabling me to keep in contact with my child.PARENTAL CONTROLSThe site allows me to manage my child's spending account.  I can also restrict his phone calls to time of day or contacts.Kajeet offers so many features which I am happy to disable.  With my permission, my child can use ringtones, wallpaper, games, apps, feeds, Google maps and web surfing.There is a wallet feature so the parent and child can split the costs.  The parent can choose which calls the child must pay for.GPS LOCATORI have set this up but the locator has been unable to locate the phone, which sits in my house.  Kajeet service works here, so it is not a matter of being out of area.  I thought maybe being inside a building was the problem, so I put the phone outside.  Still no go.  This service was free to try, but I will not renew this service.SUMMARYA good phone for the price.  It is especially good if you want control over your child's phone habits or to help them budget.I recommend the monthly plan.  It is advertised as $4.99/month which includes 10 minutes of talk time and 10 cents a minute thereafter; but they have an administrative fee, so it's a few pennies more.  It does not require a subscription.  This phone is much less expensive than other phones with similar parental control features.  I recommend it (unless you need it for GPS locator service).__________________________________UPDATE 6/27/09:After using this for some time, I have run into a few problems, nothing that customer support hasn't been able to rectify, but it did sometimes frustrate me.1) Starting with the GPS locator: I have since learned from Kajeet staff that the reason my GPS locator did not function as advertised is that I tried activating the service too soon after activating my phone.  The site does not tell us we cannot do that and customer service agreed that should be explained more clearly when we are setting up service.2) I had the monthly service set up to automatically renew every month for $4.99 a month.  It included daily service fees and 10 minutes of calls.  All of a sudden, I was getting charged daily service fees and for every single phone call.  I went to my account and sure enough, it was set up for automatic renewal yet did not renew.  One phone call and I was told they had changed their computer system and my account did not transfer over properly.3)  I set my child's account up to send and receive only calls from my husband's phone and my own.  Somehow, he was receiving calls from an unknown number from someone who was obviously dialing the wrong number.  She would leave messages, text him, everything . . . and I was being charged for it all.  Called customer service and it turns out that since I had turned on the option of calls from Mom's number and Dad's number to "always allow" (no time restrictions) the computer took that to mean any number, even though the option for allowing all other numbers was blocked.  That girl just thought I was dumb for not understanding how that could be.  I still don't get it.  All numbers are blocked, except mine and my husband's, but "always allow" calls to and from our number makes calls from all other phones okay.  I told her they need to explain that option more clearly on the website.  She fixed it, but I can hear her rolling her eyes.Basically, just watch the account activity.  Sometimes charges appear there that shouldn't be there, calls occur that shouldn't be allowed.  Not everything is explained clearly on the website.  If they change computer systems and it may affect your account, you may not be notified.We still use the phone.  Like I said, customer service has always been able to fix whatever problems I have.  I feel like I need to be on my toes, but the phone has worked as it should, with the exception of GPS Locator, which I was told I'd get to try again for a month, but I haven't taken them up on it.