I found the previous review by "tj" very inaccurate, so I decided to write my own.I've had this phone for over a month, and I LOVE IT!!I don't talk much on the phone, but I listen to music, watch video, take pictures, and send text msg with it a lot. I charge my phone maybe every three days. I think the battery last a very reasonable amount of time for the way I use it.The keypad might take awhile to get used to, but I am a keyboard person and I really love the QWERTY keypad. I can type pretty fast with this keypad (I used to think sending text msg was a pain because of the ABC keypad).I don't understand what the previous reviewer meant by "cannot download the pictures in a format that you could browse on your computer." The pictures are in standard format: .Jpeg. Of course it's readable on the computer. The video taken with this phone is in .3GP format. You can just google search K-lite mega codec and download the codec pack. Then you can play the video you take on PC. And the codec pack is free! Or if you think installing codec is too much, you can just download Quicktime. It's also free.When you buy the phone, there is everything you need inside the box, including menu and CD software.On the home screen, there are 15 shortcut spaces for you to put some "hard to locate" applications. For internet browser, I recommend Opera. It's way better than the one came with the phone. When I use internet, I always go to the connection (top left corner) to make sure I am connected to a wifi connection. So I never have a problem with it.The previous reviewer mentioned that his/her phone froze a lot. I think he/she just got a bad phone. My phone has only frozen once for this one and a half month. Compare to M600i, P1i is really tons faster and responsive. Everything is just so smooth.I love this phone because it's basically a small PDA with phone function. I can make to-do list. I can read pdf, doc, ppt, etc files. I can watch movies and videos on it. I can listen to music on it. I can use Skype. I can use messengers. For the music player, you can minimize it. So you can actually do something else on the phone while listening to music. There are pretty useful symbian and uiq softwares you can install onto the phone. The most I use is AED (advanced english dictionary). You can also download/buy game console emulator and play old games on the phone! Like GBA, NES, etc.I also bought a bluetooth receiver for my computer. So that I can connect the phone with the computer through BT, and it is VERY convenient. I can transfer all my files and photos within seconds. I do use card reader to transfer big files like videos since BT is not a fast way to do it.Now Sandisk makes 8gb M2 card and this phone supports it!There is only one thing to complain: I still can't get the PC Suite to work... But I can live without it.In a nutshell, P1i is a great phone. I don't think I will need to buy a new phone within the next three years :D