Do you remember the girl in high school that didn't have the budget, or the looks, or the accessories (car) to hang with the cool kids, but instead of fading into the background, she somehow was able to hold her own with those kids? She was "in" because she knew who she was and they knew she just did things a little differently. That is kind of how the Rumor Reflex is, and kind of how the users of this phone have to be: The Reflex is not a smart phone, and let's face it: we all want a smartphone, but I can't justify the pretty penny those contracts cost every month, not to mention the cost of the actual phone that everyone drops and cracks! But if you accept the Rumor Reflex with the understanding that you are going to have to scroll through menus to get to things, and that for everything you want to do, except make a call, you begin with the main menu, I think you will be very happy and, dare I say, yes I dare! Impressed. So: specifics: I realized that all I really want from my cell phone is to 1) be able to text (keyboard: check! Yeah, the face is light-colored with a blue back light, and yeah, the keys stick a little at first, but you get used to it. Also, if you add a plastic protective cover, for some reason this makes the keyboard slide better and makes the entire phone more substantial.) 2)  a camera for fun things I see and want to text to friends or post to facebook (check! But it is only 2 megapixels so isn't great quality, but it is good enough. Also, for some reason the menu for the camera is on the viewfinder and covers part of the image you are composing which is annoying and takes a while to ignore. There also is a camcorder, but practice with it because you need to verify the sound is recording.) and 3) I want to get my e-mails when I'm away from a computer. So this leaves the web, and this will be the biggest disappointment for those who compare this to a smartphone because the Reflex will fall short. The main word here is slow, and I don't mind slow at all, but this redefines slow.  You'll get your e-mail, and you'll be able to respond to them on the pullout keyboard, but you will get them several minutes after you'd get them on a computer or tablet. This isn't just a function of the provider, but it is the phone, going through all those menus, step-by-step.  It isn't smart and accessing the web is going to make this obvious. My e-mails aren't time-sensitive, so I am perfectly happy to pocket the $50 a month I save on my plan, (that is $600 a year, and THAT is a pretty penny) and deal with slow. There are also very few apps that I need on my phone. But you still can have some fun with personalized rings, and alarms and you can even watch You Tube videos and Google those trivia questions if you want. Now: Have you noticed what I didn't mention? talking on the phone. I realized I don't use my cell much for calls. The sound quality is good, and there is a speaker phone that works great, but I prefer text to talk. So all in all, Little Miss Pretty Penny rates the Reflex a solid four stars: It thinks it can, and it can!