hello readers, in this product review, i'm gonna talk about the sony ericsson z710i. so i'll try my best to break it down and such. here i go...first and foremost, this phone operates under the GSM networks, such as tmobile and at & t (cingular). so those who want to bring this to sprint or verizon will have no such luck.secondly, if you look at the official product review, it would likely mention that it comes with a 512mb memory card. unfortunately, it's just not true. as i comes with a 64mb card. if you read other reviews, you would likely know of this. if not, well now you know.for some odd reason, the outer screen of the phone isn't colored, but maybe sony has a method for it's madness, perhaps?now, i can't always bash this phone for it's shortcomings, as it does have some redeeming qualities:appearance- i admit, one major reason i got this puppy was cause it's a pretty looking phone. the black/grey like color with the silver trim is quite a sight to behold. when you open it up, the buttons light up in a nice blue color, andaesthetics- (did i spell it right?) as for how the phone feels on your hands? well it is a bit thick, even by today's slim as a slice of paper standards. but for users who have dealt with sony ericsson phones, it feels quite alright. but one major flaw is to access your memory card, you have to remove the battery case. and since it's not exactly a very popular phone, it's not very easy to find accessories for it.battery life- pretty good actually, i've gone for hours vibing to the music i jammed into it. (i forgot to mention, but i bought a 1gb memory card for about 20 bucks, giving me a lot more room for video clips and music.) and the call time? i don't really notice, but i can assume it's somewhat reasonable.call quality- i can't really give it that much of a good score. maybe it's just my luck, (or my network) but some calls come out garbled. but if you hang up and call again, you'd get better resultscamera- not very good actually. sure it takes 2 megapixel photos, but the quality is not the best sony can offer. (my sister's sony w810i has a much better camera) but at least it comes prepped with some decent photo editing software in it. it can also shoot video. again, not good, but something is always better than nothing. oh yeah, before i forget, it has no flash.software- i actually like the software for this one. the navigation buttons are customizable to a point that you can for example: press up to activate your bluetooth signal, press left to open your calendar, or press down to start playing video games. the music application is okay, but like i said before, sony has done better in this field before.internet- unfortunately, i can't rate this because i don't use it.overall- not a bad phone at all, but i'm sure you can find something better from sony. (like the w810i for example)hope i helped...