I'll start by saying this review is more about T-Mobile than the phone. I am happy with the phone overall. No problems and the looks and feel are very good. I also have 2 S105's and 2 Sony T68i's in the family. Up until a couple of weeks ago I was very happy with all the phones and T-Mobile. However one morning when I flipped open my S105 the LCD screen was dead. I knew the warranty was 1 yr and it was just about a year old. When I called Samsung the said T-Mobile warranties the phone and I needed to contact them. When I did they said my service was activated on the same day last year and the phone is therefore 1 day past the warranty and not covered. I argued  how can it be beyond the 1 yr warranty period if I bought it on the same day last year. They said "the warranty is for 365 days and not 1 yr". Long story short after numerous phone calls and Samsung intervening they still refused to cover the repairs. I later found my receipt which indicated I actually bought the phone 1 week later so it was clearly within the warranty period. Armed with proof they finally agreed to a warranty replacement. I was then asked if there was any cosmetic damage to my phone.I told them the cheap little plastic cover on the front of the phone has a small crack. They said your waranty is void. WHAT? "Any cosmetic damage to the phone voids your warranty" WHAT? Thats rediculous I said. You mean if theres a scratch on the phone the warranty is void? "Yes, it is considered abuse and voids your warranty." I couldn't believe it. I said a scratch is normal wear and tear and I have never seen a phone that did not have a single scratch. They said they consider it abuse and can deny warranty coverage per the warranty agreement. I told them the lense cracked 6 months ago when I put the phone in my pocket and my keys pressed against it when I squatted down (this is true). I never bothered with it because the phone was still working fine. Besides the lense is so thin and cheap it cracks way to easily and has nothing to do with the electronics going bad. Their only response was telling me I was out of luck and they can deny me coverage for any type of cosmetic damage regardless of whether it has anything to do with the defect or not. I told them up until this point I was very happy with T-Mobile. I switched over from ATT and added 4 addtional phone to my account. For a lousy plastic lense you are willing to lose me as a customer in such a competitive industry? Nothing we can do they said. I told them since they say my 1 yr is up just out of principle I am cancelling all five phones from their plan. They said sorry to hear that  and is there anything else they can do for me. What a joke. Anyway if you sign up with T-Mobile and you can't prevent signs of normal wear and tear on the phone, based on my experience if anything goes wrong with it look for T-Mobile to get out of covering it any way they can.