Just ordered this phone on July 10th and received quickly by July 13th. So delivery was pretty fast, and this was with the regular delivery, not express.Everything you need is in the box which includes usb cable, charger, battery, and headset. I had no trouble inserting my sim card and my own sd card. I was quickly up and running with my T-Mobile Sim.My data with T-mobile plan works great! I also have WiFi in my home, and that works great also with this phone. Texting is fun, however, I will say that it takes practice to use the virtual keyboard after I was use to a regular keyboard with my Blackberry phone.I love the 3.2 inch screen. It is beautiful and clear. Talking on the phone is also very clear. The stereo headset is used as an antenna for the fm radio the phone has. This is a great feature to listen to music.The best part of this phone has got to be the gps and maps. It is found under the menu by the name of Longitude. I have never had a phone with the gps and it works great. When you are inside, you will need to activate the phone for wifi instead of gps satellite since the gps needs a clear view of the sky to work. However, in a wifi area there is no problem with activating the maps and getting directions. Works like a dream! It even has a program for voice turn by turn directions that you can download to the phone for free in just a few seconds.The only problem I see so far is that the battery life is shorter than I am used to. If you use the gps or data, the battery power is sucked up fast. I find myself needing to charge the phone each day a couple of times. To save on the battery, I disable my data and wifi on the phone when not needed. Phone stays pretty well charged for regular texting or talking longer that way.Also, I have not found any accessories to go with this phone. On the Blu website they do not have anything for this phone, in fact, they do not even show it. However, any accessories I may need I can find in other markets. For example, I need a car charger if I am going to be using the gps for an extended time, so I can purchase a universal charger with mini usb which will work fine.All in all I am very happy with this phone. I only paid $99 for it, and it looks much more expensive. The touch screen is beautiful and works well. It has the pinch and stretch ability to enlarge or decrease size as needed. This comes in handy for small print.This phone looks and feels much better than my Blackberry Curve I have used for two years. The Blackberry has a very small screen in comparison, and did not offer GPS or touch screen. This is an Android Phone open to the Android marketplace for lots of applications. I really have everything I need on the phone right now, without doing lots of downloads, however,it is nice to know if I need them, they are there.I highly recommend this phone.