After owning a Nokia N900, I find this phone very disappointing.I knew I wasn't going to like not having a physical keyboard, but I found it almost impossible to type on this phone. Some of you may find this as a plus if you forget to lock your phone, but the heat sensitive touch-screen really doesn't work well for me. I find that every other letter I type is missed because I am used to tapping with my fingernails, it allows for more precision. Being forced to use my finger tips, not only am I struggling to hit every character, but every other one I do hit, is the wrong one, because the buttons are too small to use the tips of my fingers.I am also extremely disappointed in the fact that the battery is embeded and therefor not replaceable. I have always found solace in the fact that I can pick up a spare battery for a few dollars if the current one isn't holding a good charge. I also like keeping a spare battery around for every phone I own, in case for some reason the phone dies and I can't find my charger, or similar problems. And just to iterate the importance of being able to change a battery, the last N900 I owned, the charger port quit working, and broke completely lose. It was a pain, but I was still able to use the phone, due to keeping a spare battery and an external battery charger. If something along those lines happened with this N8, that would be impossible.Then there is the fact that they have reverted from the standard micro-usb charger port to the little dinky nokia charger. I used to be okay with that little dinky plug for nokia phones, I kind of liked the fact that a lot of their phones had the same  charger, while other companies had different chargers for almost every phone. However, after having gotten used to the new standard micro-usb charging port that almost every new phone has, I have not been too worried about forgetting my charger. To go back to having to remember to haul a charger around all the time would be quite annoying and unnecessary in my opinion.Overall, I am disappointed with the N8, originally I was willing to step down and accept a phone that I think is lacking some serious technology, because I love Nokia. But, when it comes to reality, look at HTC's phones... Nokia is charging the same price for a single core 1ghz processor while HTC has dual core 1.2ghz processors in their phone. Nokia is also behind in the fact that they don't have a single 4G phone, or an android phone. Nokia has a little more ram, but what use is that if the phone can't handle enough programs to use that ram. And the thing that made the N900 so amazing, is the Maemo operating system. To go back to the Symbian OS, I felt confined. I would take Android over Symbian any day. Now Nokia is going to drop Symbian for the Microsoft Windows Mobile 7 OS? YUCK! The one thing nokia has going for their phones, is the cameras. But once again, lets be real, it's nice to be able to snap a good shot when I'm on the road or something, but any photo I want to come out nice, I pull out my nice camera. The cameras on phones just aren't high enough quality yet to be able to take the same kind of pictures that a stand-alone camera can. A decent phone camera can only go so far, it doesn't make or break the sale in my opinion.As for looks, the phone looks great, the camera looks great, if I was only going for show and not usability, this would be a good phone. But lets be serious, I can't be stuck with a phone that I can hardly use.