I was in the market for a new phone, because I unfortunately decided to merge with my boyfriend's Sprint plan to save money (I was a T-Mobile customer).  After seeing this phone for a $99 promotion at the Sprint store, I had to buy it.  With one of the biggest screens out there, the Android operating system, and the great applications it comes with, it was a no-brainer.  Overall, I love this phone.PROS+This phone has a HUGE screen.  Compare it to most smartphones and it puts them to shame.+It comes with great pre-installed apps, especially the GPS app it comes with.  This is a really great substitute for a GPS.+It's Android.  I personally highly prefer Android over Apple OS, so this is a pro to me.+"Kickstand" allows you to prop up your phone to watch video.+1.3 MP camera and you can even adjust it so it aims toward you.  Really great for taking pictures of yourself :P+4G - I don't use it too often, but I can't deny it's speediness.  As long as you are in a 4G area, your internet and phone quality is way faster and better quality than 3G by a long shot.+Easy to use.  So easy, my mom could use it.  Very user-friendly.+It's so sleek and thin.CONS+As a Sprint phone, I will say this...I don't like Sprint.  Recently switching from T-Mobile, I didn't expect to see such a huge change in network quality, but I did.  I can't get reception in parts of my house, friends tell me that their calls go straight to voicemail more than half the time (I never even hear it ring), calls drop all of the time, I get the dreaded "network busy" error frequently.  It's a nightmare.  Considering I live within a few miles of the Sprint Headquarters, I expected more.+It's definitely not for the klutzy.  Well, I'm a klutz, and I already broke this phone once.  I dropped it screen down about 2 feet above concrete, and it shattered almost completely.  It was actually still usable, but painful to type on.  By comparison, I used to have the MyTouch with T-Mobile, and even though it was totally beat up, I never completely broke it.  You definitely need a case for this phone.+Battery life.  This is a common complaint with most smartphones, but I found it particularly bad on this one.  I even bought the extended battery, and I swear it hasn't made a bit of difference.  Even when taking every step that I can, battery life is still bad.This is what I do to help my battery from draining:-When I don't care about using the internet and know I won't for awhile, I turn off all mobile networks completely.-Make sure Wi-Fi/4G is off-Instead of 60 seconds until it turns to black, make it 30.-Adjust brightness so it's not so bright.-Turn off GPS/Bluetooth.It's admittedly kind of a pain doing all of this to conserve battery life, but if you keep all of that on, your phone will be dead in no time, *even* with an extended battery.  However, I still love my phone.  Sprint, durability, and battery life are my main complaints of it.  I highly suggest a case.  They even make them for EVOs with extended batteries, even though they don't get as fancy.Overall, this is a great, modern phone.  I would recommend this!