I am the kind of person that was hesitant to get a smart phone because I have a history of breaking phones. Im an outdoor woman so I need a phone that is military status, with a battery that will last more than a day like all smart phones. Im also a minimalist so I can't be paying 60 dollars a month to have a working phone. Im also more of a texter than a talker.After literally 24 hours of research on rugged phones I finally decided on the Casio Brigade.What I needed in a phone ordered in priority:Firstly, I had to find a version phone as much as I hate version. They unfortantely have the best coverage and I will be living primarily in the mountains. So my research was filtered to version rugged phones only.1) Rugged (military grade waterproof, shock proof and dust proof)Although I haven't purposely tried to beat up this phone it feels really solid. The back door is very secure. . I am looking forward to going into the woods, river crossings and rainy days backpacking and not have to worry about my phone getting wet or dust in it. It will be great for Burning Man and other festivals where a phone is likely to get broken as well which is a plus2) Long battery lifeThe battery lasted a whole week with non-stop texting and web use etc!!!!!! Amazing! with an extra battery I will be able to go 2 weeks without charging which is extremely helpful since I will be living in a tent with no electricity for the next year!3) Qwerty keyboardVery easy texting!!! I will admit I have been a text and drive in the past to I originally was trying to find a phone that had voice to text and the only RUGGED phone I found with that feature is the Casio Ravine but like most smart phone the battery was s*** compared to the Brigade and definitely dose not seem as rugged. What the Brigade dose have is voice text and video text, and is very responsive to voice commands. There is nothing more frustrating than telling your phone to "call mom" and it calls Brenda instead (you get the idea). I love the text to speech feature too so I can hear a text when I am driving (less looking down and much safer all around).4) size and lookCompared to some popular smart phones this is not really that bulky and is some cases smaller than your average smart phone. won't be able to fit it in your skinny genes but I'm usually in outdoor cloths anyway and throwing in your purse or back is perfectly fine because the thing won't get smashed and no screen to worry about breaking.SO WHY ONLY 4 STARS?1) its an older phone so there are some disadvantages. You have to get the specific battery chargers for it. and there are mild glitches that other reviewers have mentioned such as the phone truing off by itself sometimes and the screen will just go blank randomly occasionally. Its more on an annoyance and so far is not a problem at all.2) When I received the phone i the mail the back door of the phone was completely broken. the tiny pieces that connect the back door to the phone was clearly and horribly glued on so when I assembled the phone the pieces broke off completely and the back was not secure leaving the back completely exposed. However, I contacted the seller and they were very quick to get back to me. They even made it hassle free by sending a new back door for free and I wouldn't have to return anything. Very very good customer service and a great phone in the end!