I really was not liking the options with the SGIII at first. Let me enumerate this a bit for you.1. The automatic WiFi pop-up was a little tough to swallow. In case you haven't heard, even with the WiFi turned completely off and having gone through the advanced options to make sure it doesn't come on, it actually is still on and scanning. If you've attached to a wireless network in the past, it remembers that connection and pops-up a dialog asking if you want to connect to it to save on your 4G data usage. Super annoying at first. But then I thought why wouldn't I want it to connect. Generally speaking, it's going to be just as fast (maybe faster if you've connected to an N router) so let it auto-connect. Saves on battery and it is fairly seamless. I just wouldn't connect it to a coffee shop network. Stick to the 4G for that.2. You can't download/install/move applications to your SD card. It all goes to the on-board system memory. To some, myself included, this is a problem. If I have an application on my phone and it goes bad, I want to be assured that the data is still retrievable on the SD card. Luckily, most of my applications have an auto backup feature. If my phone does die I don't have to worry a great deal. It's being backed up on-the-fly. Default your music and photos to be stored on the SD card and you're golden. Those are the big space-wasters anyway. Still, you should consider the pros and cons of the 16GB vs the 32GB GSIII.3. OK, it's a petty complaint, but this whole white cell phone thing that Apple started is dumb. The only other option is the "Pebble Blue", which is really an odd shade of purple. I dislike white and I don't want a blue phone. I figured a case would solve most of that. I know, I know... it's a dumb complaint, but I like my black and gun metal gray. *shrug*4. The camera is really nice! The bad part is that there are no built-in features for editing your photos save an option to crop. This is still a thorn in my side, but if I must download yet another app, I suppose I will.5. I was skeptical on the battery size and usage time. My Droid X (after customizations) would get about 12-14 hours on a single charge. That's going easy on texts, emails, browsing the web and Bluetooth usage. None-the-less, it was a decent amount of time for the 2nd-ish generation of Android smart phones. Especially when you compare it to the paperweight HTC Incredible. Happily the SGIII battery stands up to many hours of Bluetooth, texting, browsing and what-not with the same 12-14 hours. So I have really gained a considerable amount of usage time with the SGIII over the "X."6. There is no skepticism on this one; the screen is a-mazing! It truly blows me away every time I look at a picture or video.I've had the SGIII for one week and had zero issues with it. I would fall in love with my Droid X twice a week. Leaving behind all I had come to know and love about the "X" was tough. I've come to the understanding that comparing the tech in the SGIII with your outdated phone is night and day. Yes, you may like some of the features of your old phones' capability, but all-in-all you're going to really like the SGIII. Keep an open mind about it.Parenthetically, to those that are comparing this to the iPhone - stop. You either like apples or robots. If the iPhone works better for you, go get one and stop the bias commentary.