I love this phone.  Ok, yes, it has some idiosyncrasies.  For some reason I can't seem to figure out how to customize the phone screen so that when I choose the phone button it just goes to RECENT CALLS first.  And on my Palm Pre Plus, to delete things, you dragged them to the side of the screen.  On this phone, if you do that in the call list, you call the person (or text them if you drag left).  Awkward!Also, I'd love to be able to pull some of the sounds from the phone for my laptop (When email comes in on the phone, I have this cool Temple Bell sound which I had to go scour the Internet to find for my laptop).  You'll notice that these are really nit-picky things.I LOVE THIS PHONE.Since I was (finally) switching from WebOS (I loved you, Palm.  I HATE you HP.) I tested everything.  I was tempted by the big A, but they've been such bullies lately, I was turned off.  Also, this phone is actually quite a bit better than the iPhone (No wonder Apple is worried).  The other Android phones seemed fairly similar to each other with the exception of the... Motorola, I think, with the slide-out keyboard.  It was tempting (similar, again, to my Palm), but I decided to bite the bullet and go with a virtual keyboard.And this phone... Ahhh.FIRST: This screen is phenomenal.  Some have commented that it's not the brightest when compared to other phones, but who the hell does that every day?  Maybe when you're buying a phone, but after that?  Please.  I keep the brightness at less than half-bright, and it's more than sufficient.  And it's tough as a mother.  I did eventually get a screen protector after about 6 weeks.  I'm still not sure if I needed to.SECOND: Hello!  This girl is FAST.  She jumps between apps like it's Saturday night, and sometimes I think she has more power than my laptop.  I like how the movie/video gallery actually animates the video thumbnails.  It's a little shocking at first, but you get used to it.  It's VERY cool.THREE: This girl is gorgeous.  Just lying on a restaurant table, I see other people hiding their inadequate phones when they see my little piece of hand-candy.  She's sleek and shiny and, though not usually a compliment, this girl is flat as a pancake.  Actually, she's flatter than most pancakes I've had.  She easily slips into my pocket, even with a back case on.FOUR: Surprisingly good battery life.  I'm a Words with Friends addict (forgive me, but it's the only game I play), and it uses an Internet connection almost all day.  If I do some hard-core surfing, I will have to charge in the evening, but usually, one charge overnight sets me up for the whole day.  My Palm had THE. WORST. BATTERY. EVER. This phone is a dream.FIVE: Sometimes the OS (Android ICS) freezes.  Irritating.  I find, though, if I just remember to reset the phone once a week (hold the power button and choose the option in the pop-up), it never freezes up.Did I mention that I LOVE THIS PHONE?I have really played around with this puppy, so if you think you've found something I might like, drop a comment.  Or if you have a question, I'll figure out the answer somehow (e.g. I figured out how to get my Palm contacts to transfer in.  It was a PITA!)