I have been a loyal Motorola user for some time, starting way back with my silver Timeport flip phone, V300, RAZR V3, RIZR Z3, W490 and now the Zine ZN5.  The OS is just intuitive to me and the icons and graphics have always looked better to me.  Whenever I look at other brands, namly Samsumg (even the newer ones), they always feel clunky (I also owned a Samsung S105 before the V300).  This phone keeps alot of the navigation that I'm famaliar with and adds some nice tweaks to it.  There are tabs on some menus making it easier to scroll through options.Some features I like, which also prompted my upgrade, are wifi, nice large screen and the FM radio.  I have tried the FM radio on a Nokia phone and reception was really weak.  This pulled them in nice and clear.  Only downside it you have to be using headphones, but that is needed on other phones as well with the FM radio feature.  Of course the major selling point is the camera!  It only took a few minutes to get the hang of taking pictures.  You have to press pretty firm to get the picture to take, but its just a matter of getting a feel for it.  The pictures are nice and clear.  Low light was a little grainy, but still good with the flash.  Not a complete camera replacement for me, but perfect for getting those split second shots that you always wish you had a camera handy for.... and now I do!  Surfing the web with T-zones was also much zippier than my RIZR.  That was unexpected, but very noticable.  I have finally been able to get Opera mini to work.  Go to [...] to see how to hack the phone and update the firmware.  Magx Reloaded is a very nice firmware.I was a little suprised at the size being almost the same dimensions as my iPod touch, but about 1/2" narrower.  Its about the same height and thickness.  Its not too big at all though and the phone feels nice and solid like my ipod.  Another physical feature that is obvious is that its a bar style phone (I usually stick with flip) and the screen can be subject to scratching.  I will certainly be getting screen protectors for this phone.  I have also dialed someone from mistake in my pocket due to hitting buttons.  There is a manual lock on the side, but I wish there was an option for an automatic lock like my RIZR.Something to note is I bought this off ebay with the seller claiming it was about two months old.  The "messages" button would audibly click but it would not pull up the messaging menu (probably why she was dumping the phone).  Before returning it, I did a reset with code 000000 and then the messaging worked fine.  Hopefully just a glitch that is fixed now.  Overall, I'm very pleased with all the features this phone offers and feel its a keeper!