If you want to skip the back history skip to "Get the N8"Being a deeply loyal customer and trying to give them all the benefit of the doubt they still manage to convince me that I'm wasting my time. I had a Nokia n85 for two years. Earlier this year it started giving me trouble with the screen, it would black out while the phone was still on. I heard about the N8 and became extremely excited about it. For about the last three months the only way I could use my old phone was by plugging it into the TV and using that as the monitor, but I was set on waiting for the N8 so I dealt (even though its release date kept getting pushed) finally the time comes its available for pre order! I go to nokia.com to order the phone and a problem occurs and the order is canceled... ok I'll just order again right... NO I can't because the order was canceled Nokia won't let me order it for another month cause no one can tell the system what to do (especially in India) so my account is on some sort of system hold. Apparently the system can do whatever it wants and no one has any control over it! I tell them "I'M TRYING TO GIVE YOU MONEY AND YOUR TELLING ME THE SYSTEM SAYS NO!!!" "Please try again in a month sir".Ok so whatever I'll order it from Amazon to see if it becomes available to me sooner (I need a phone!) Great, Amazon says it's ready sooner than anticipated!Get the N8Ok so I receive the phone and get to hold it in my hands after months of starring at pictures and videos of it, exciting! Follow the proper procedure charge it first then insert the SIM and memory cards and turn it on. Ok its starting up... no, no ok turn it on again, there it goes, great! Oh look there's an update ok... wait the phone is rebooting... ok let's try that again, wait no rebooting again. Ok let me just let it sit there for a moment. I grab my laptop to see what others are saying about it. Guess what, my phone isn't the only one that randomly reboots over and over again, but some of these people are saying that it went off and won't turn back on, check my phone, sure enough it's off and won't turn on. I give it an hour and it turns on. Right away I plug it into the comp and reinstall the software version just in case then I sync it on OVI. The next morning I see the phone rebooting on my night stand, I give the benefit of the doubt "I'm half asleep who knows what I saw" I say. Works fine for the first full work day. Next day around 1pm I'm having lunch and the phone on the table reboots, and then again and again. Time to call India (Nokia customer care) "let's try restoring factory setting sir" ok I'll humor them and ask him for his direct number so I can call from a diff phone "just ask for an N8 specialist" ok, so I hang up the phone and begin to enter the code, but the phone freezes and wont react and then turns off, and won't turn on. I call Nokia and explain again all that has happened, and add that I've read others are having similar issues. "Ok sir what we recommend is exchanging it where you purchased it from and hopefully we will come out with an update to fix the problem from happening again in the future".ARE YOU SERIOUS!!!!! Day three, phone still won't turn on...