First of all, I would like to make distinction with regard to service - customer service specifically. Nextel has been GREAT!!! Just before Nextel, I was with Alltell. Their customer service at the local level was HORRID to put it mildly! It was so terrible, that I paid the $200.00 early termination fee after only 6 months. In a two year agreement, I would have paid out more than $1800.00 over the next 18 months for customer service that was frankly non-existent. You do the math. The carriers count on you not switching until your contract expires, but do not let them railroad you into believing that you have no choice but to "take what they give you"!With that said, on to the phone. I initiated service with Nextel over a year ago. I wanted the i95cl, but was told that it was discontinued and that the i730 had replaced it.At first glance and with little knowledge, it seemed to make sense. It's smaller, shinier, has more capacity with respect to contacts (600 instead of 250) and Java apps, it can hold longer names, has more screen resolution, and I could go on. BUT, after only two weeks to a month of use, other people began asking me to repeat myself while on the phone with me. They would tell me that I was "breaking up" while I was talking. Although I could hear them fine most of the time, this was almost always the case for the other party. Then, I began to notice that my signal strength was almost never constant, but often fluctuated - even standing still in the same spot. I took it in to service centers for software and firmware updates, I had microphones replaced, the unit replaced, etc., but to no availle. Nothing really ever solved the problem. There were also some quirks with the internet.I would also like to mention that the battery didn't last a full day on most days. In all fairness though, I do contracting and maintenance work and I do talk alot, but my  Motorloa v60 with Suncom lasted two(2) full days with the same amount of talking.Finally one day about 2-3 months ago, an associate gave me an i90 that he no longer wanted. He had purchased an i830 and had no use for the i90. I was told that the i90's and i95's were the "work horses" before they were pulled, so I decided to use th i90 instead of the i730. IT WORKED!!!! I had absolutely NONE of the problems that I had with the i730!! Of course, like any cell phone, there are a few problems here and there, but they are ABSOLUTELY MINIMAL compared to the i730.So began my journey for the i95cl. After some trial and error I quickly became an expert on ebay. I now have four (4) i95's in almost new condition. Two of these I traded my i730 for. With the exception of a few features and size, the i95cl is everything the i730 is and more. I still get the web, check the news, email, etc. with no problems at all.For the average consumer wanting Nextel, the i730 is packed with everything you could ask for - without being a camera phone. But, if you need a phone and rely on call quality, I suggest checking into some of Nextel's other phones.