I purchased this phone for several reasons and it has proven to be a great purchase.  First, I needed a new MP3 player that was rechargeable, played for at least 12 hours per charge and would handle free library Overdrive books.  My small clip-on Sansa disk players were great while they lasted, but completely unreliable.  After the 6th $40 player quit after only a couple of weeks I gave up on them.  I also needed a prepaid phone that would allow me to text with ease, but discovered that a prepaid plan for a smart phone was always at least $10/mo more, even if I never used data.  I have a tablet and don't need an expensive smart phone too.  With the unlocked Z431, for $30 I was getting a good MP3 player, a phone that made texting easy and only had one item to carry with me instead of two.  In addition, this phone has bluetooth so I was able to ditch the earbuds with cords that kept getting in the way. I can use the phone for talking and playing books for several days without having to charge it (never done that with a smartphone).  The phone was AT&T; unlocked so I could get a free Sim from PureTalk USA which has a unique plan allowing me to pay as little as $10/month for minutes or automatically adds blocks of time if I need more, with extra minutes rolling over.  I use anywhere from 200 to 800 minutes a month so this flexibility means I don't run out, and don't pay for minutes I never use as I did on a previous StraightTalk plan.  The phone/media player is not perfect (hence 4 stars}.  I wish it played wma as well as mp3 format books, but since most are available in both formats can live with that.  A 5-star phone would also have a sleep timer and flashlight.Adding books was a definite learning process so I am including the steps to doing that here.1)  You must purchase and insert a memory card.2.) Download the software and Overdrive books to your computer using your library site.3.) Connect the phone to your computer via USB and wait for Windows to load drivers4)  Go to Computer to find the player symbol under Players with Removable Storage and double click5)  A window with "U Drive" should pop up.  Single click (important) on U drive.6)  Wait for a couple of minutes - it takes time to load and I was sure it was not working the first few times I tried it because I did not wait long enough.  The first file menu that pops up is for the phone, when a second longer menu appears you will be able to use the Overdrive transfer option from your computer to get the files on to your phone.These steps were from my Windows 7 computer.Other things I like:The calendar with audio reminders of my appointments.The keyboard that I find easy to use in spite of the tiny keys.  Maybe it works because the keys are raised.  The numbers are small, but since most of the phone numbers I call are stored, I rarely have to enter a phone number.