I have had the phone for a week and I am returning it. Samsung really swung for the trees on this and the expectation was high. However no matter how good this phone looks on paper or industry reviews it simply fails to deliver. If you are a consumer that plans on using more then 75% of the features you will be disappointed. Here is why:Lets outline what 75% feature usage means: Phone, addressbook, email (either POP or Xpress etc) some, Calendar, To do's and organization, a bluetooth accessory plus maybe 10% of the day on streaming content and/or the occasional web surf (which you need to setup and maintain email). First. you will get about 4 hours, maybe less of battery power until the phone is completely dead. Add the second battery that is bundled with the purchase and maybe you can make a phone call on the way home from work. If you are used to other PDAs or blackberrys, you will HATE the navigation through the phone. Excessive menus make it hard to find a command quickly. Plus the scroll wheel doesn't scroll like a blackberry, therefore you can't use it to select everything on the page.Price for services is high.To get email,text messaging and have 'limited' streaming capability (meaning NOT HBO or XM) plus the basic phone package, will spend close to $150 a month depending on your personal preferences. While that might not be high for some, think about that plus cable plus home internet and then consider what your paying just to stay 'connected'.Even if you cut out the streaming content, cingular will try and convince you otherwise because while using the phone, its easy to stumble across a feature you are NOT paying for and get 'hit' with the bill at the end of the month. Cingular will not refund you for this under any circumstance. Look at the warning explained above in the product details: Warning: If you want to enjoy the full audio and video capabilities of your UMTS phone, please select a MEdia Max service plan option during checkout. If you do not sign up for a MEdia Max service plan option, you will be paying per KB when you use the over-the-air UMTS audio and video features on your phone (upwards of $10 per minute).Functionality wise, the Keypad layout is difficult to see. The numbers and the letters are all the same size on very small keys so I found myself just staring blankly for several minutes trying to figure out where my character was. Not saying you don't get used to it but be ready to hit the wrong character several times because of the close proximity of the buttons. I never had that kind of a problem on my blackberry.Additionally Samsung claims that the Balckjack can perform as a blackberry however, after I purchased it, I found it is not. You can communicate (limited) with a blackberry server, however you need to load a 3rd party client software on your computer and for it to sync your messages throughout the day the computer needs to be on and running. Plus any meetings and Tasks are lost completely. I really think Samsung should explain this better and I feel Samsung really wanted to release something big and crammed a whole bunch of features into a slim sleek package but never tested it with 'real' consumers with 'real world' type usage.I'll finish up with what they did do right. The phone is beautiful. Perfectly designed, a nice weight and contrary to another review it feels like a quality phone. (Minus maybe the small keys and the disfunctional scroll wheel) The screen is maybe not as big as others but that was the point wasn't it? To make a smaller PDA phone. However, fyi, the streaming video comes in at half the size of the screen resolution. Earpiece is good and clear. Over all dimensions blow away all others except maybe the Blackberry Pearl. Cool, black RAzorV3 kind of finish. I would love to keep it if the phone actually delivered the functionality it needed to.