Appearance: Looks nice and feels very solid. The matt texture on the back is very pleasing. I like the bevelled edges; it makes it easy to pick up off the table. The screen is bright and the colors are vivid. I also like it that all the buttons are on one side, it makes it neat and tidy and harder to press a button by mistake when picking up the phone.Camera: Quality of the camera/pictures is excellent. The flash is unbelievably strong and can light up all corners of a dark room. I like that there is a camera button on the side instead of just something on the screen like other smart phones. There are a multitude of photo-editing apps available.Windows8: The operating system is the biggie here as it is the interface between you and the phone. I'm not a great fan of Microsoft forcing Windows8 on desktops or laptops but it's great for mobile devices. It's easy and quick to learn and easy to customize. One thing I love is the return button. If you click something by mistake, you can simply hit the return button and go back, with Apple products you have to go home and then click the app again. Another thing I like is the search button, no need to find the app to search; the bad thing is that the search engine is Bing!The browser is fast and I can load up image/content heavy websites fast. Actually the whole phone is fast.Battery: Hard to say so far. It's supposed to be good, but I've been using the phone almost non-stop playing games and it's lasting less than a whole day. I like the charge port is at the top, seems more convenient that way. Unfortunately, you cannot remove the permanent battery for a fresh one. This means I will have to keep a charging cord with me while out and playing marathon games. But at least it doesn't use some kind of proprietary cable.Phone: Call quality is fine. This phone will be a good choice for Verizon customers.Apps: Migrating over from Apple products, some of the apps I use like Snapchat, Instagram, etc. are missing but that's the price of Windows. It was a long process to download the initial app because you have to go through a tedious initial set up. Update: There are some complaints about the lack of apps but I'm starting to find a lot of apps now, including an app that gives you Google. And I really like Nokia's Map Here which is even available offline.Overall very satisfied with it. The important things are that it's very fast and the operating system easy to learn. I give it 9/10, the 1 pt deduction being the permanent battery and on Amazon's 5 star rating system, that is still 5 stars.Update 1: The phone has also survived it's first drop on the floor.Update 2: 5 mins ago, the phone was dropped again by the same culprit, this time on its corner. The top part of that corner actually popped off about 1mm along the edge but we just popped it in again.