Well after my Motorola Atrix 4G died on me, I was in search of a phone with a physical keyboard as I was sick and tired of using a completely touchscreen phone.  Luckily, this Sony Xperia Mini Pro fit the bill, and the price was decent.It is running Android 4.0 (ICS) thanks to an update and couldn't be smoother.  I am getting used to the smaller screen and still actually use the touchscreen at times for typing emails and messages.  The phone is nice and small and users with smaller hands (such as myself) will really appreciate it.  People with big hands may find the phone too small for use, but sony has luckily integrated some unique features (such as "app corners") to utilize all the space of the screen.Sound quality is great (and I use my phone a lot for music and videos).  I was a little hesitant coming from the Atrix with such fantastic sound quality and Android 2.3, but the sony does very well on its own.  The external speaker is nice and loud and is suitable for both music and speakerphone calls.Talk quality is really great and the voices come through nice and loud and people do not ever have trouble hearing what I am saying.  The phone also has noise compensation built in to cut down on background noise during a call.The 1Ghz processor does a great job of playing games, viewing videos, or other resource-heavy tasks and makes the ICS interface really slick.The screen is sharp and the colors are very vibrant.  The touchscreen takes a bit to get used to and does not seem to support multi-touch which makes texting kind of cumbersome (cue the physical keyboard).I have the white version and I must say that the exerior is quite pleasing to the eye.  It has a very modern look to it and seems constructed well.  The only thing i do not like about the exterior is the USB port cover.  It is IMPOSSIBLE to get it off without using a small flat object to pry up on it.  I may end up cutting it off...Battery life is surprisingly good for an android phone. I can get a solid day's use out of it when watching about 2 hours of youtube videos, texting steady throughout the day, viewing emails and spending time on TheChive app (can you tell I'm a university student?)I have taken lots of pictures with this phone and it seems to do very well despite its compact size.  The 5mp camera with digital zoom seems to be fairly typical of phones today and I am very happy to say that this camera does replace my 14mp point-and-shoot...I have yet to upload any photos to my computer, however I assume they would be as sharp and vibrant as they appear on the screen.Overall, I would highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a unique phone with a physical QWERTY keyboard.  It is one of the best android phones I have used to date.  I will purchase another sony phone when this one is out-of-date.