So I basically buy a phone a month. Androids, lg's, samsungs, every nokia (except the n8 and n9 - no keyboards) and I keep praying that one will be the one. This e6 is it so far, even with the most serious Nokia problem ever.why? because so many other things have been fixed - but not all.I will try to list all issues with e6 especially as compared to older e72, e63, n97, n97mini, e7, astound (c7)This e6 does have Anna from factory. Only 8gb of internal mem. SDhc slot. Ultra fast boot up, screen shows main screen in about 10 seconds, tho it does continue to load more in background such as bluetooth and wireless (wifi) connection. Very handy since you will experience random reboots (biggest problem ever! with any nokia!) Reboots happen most often when using the gps and phone is not mounted in a shockproof mount!Dont mistake the shockproof mount as the quality of the phone is superb as usual for nokia. This phone is by far the most useful phone ever made; especially from nokia.Main reasons this phone is the most useful:Speed - menus are almost instant!Change screens -instant!Email eyecandy is finally tolerable!menu key is instant! Stupid bug if you don't properly complete the factory setup questions, gives error everytime you start it complaining it cant find setup wizard which just dissappears quickly.Best parts of this phone:FASTNot windows, not ios, not android!Has almost all the google software as separate apps like maps and email!! Awesome.independent browser! Works awesome! (minus the pinch to zoom, which I hate. The volume controls do not operate the zoom-lame.)More space to hold phone at bottom beneath keyboard!directional nav key!No optical thumb dumb thingy as 'new' phones use - so no headaches in useability!Full capacitive touch screen which adds ultimate in efficient and speedy usability!nearly all touch buttons are intelligently sized and positioned!Full 3.5g speeds! (10mbs approx!)Tmobile full support, with free internet programability! No high speed data 'tax' (ie blackberry plan etc)Yes, I have it on my phoneweb plan for $10!Awesome nokia browservery very good email program including full mail for exchange imap support (but only one mail for exchange acct :  with speed keys for navigation!Intelligent contact manager AND calendar - fast very efficient and most useful as compared to any 'new' smartphone!Very intelligent navigation - when done in one app such as looking at a calendar event by pressing calendar key inside of contacts, it will take you back to where you were - in the contact! AWESOMEvery bright dual leds for flash and flashlight.Full keyboard, but space bar removes some needed keys as it is too wide! E72 keyboard was much better.Main problems with this phone:Random reboots when in motion outside of fixed location  when driving, biking etc) mainly when using gps/music, but does happen with nothing other than mail for exchange / email on homescreensCAMERA SUCKS for important pics! IT is fast, but there is NO Auto Focus! the N97 cameras kill this P.o.s.tight camera lock slide, grinds plastic after several days of constant use.phone auto locks after phone call is disconnected even if you are in the middle of typing a calendar event/contact etc (retarded)Phone still beeps annoyingly when other end of call hangs up before you do, I have been told over and over again that this is because of tmobile, um but this is an unlocked phone right ? so where is the setting??? Nokia? Do you ever listen??? No. Cause you are so awesome with your $6 stock price right?Go Stephan Elop! (nokia ceo)Bottom line:Best Business phone EVER. So incredibly sad that I have to plan on it rebooting while driving. Good thing it reboots in 10 seconds, almost fully in 15 seconds! (almost like they knew it has to reboot fast) haha