Nokia N85 Unlocked Cell Phone with 5 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, GPS, MP3/Video Player, MicroSD Slot--U.S. Version with Warranty (Copper)As a former Nokia employee I am both a Nokia fan and slightly more informed critic.  I have a Nokia N95 & E66.  I was hoping to find a replacement that would marry the software improvements of the E66 with some of the functionality of the N95, particularly the camera.The N85 software is stunning.  The best Nokia has done by far.  This now also supports over the air firmware updates so hopefully Nokia will try to deploy minor improvements more frequently than in the past.The camera is awesome.  It supports geotagging.  So, you can take a pic (or movie) and upload it to a photo service like Google's Picasa and the location will show up on an accompanying map. Totally, totally, awesome stuff.  The media library viewer is awesome.  It incorporates the functionality of the formerly separate Nokia LifeBlog.Like I said the software is awesome.  It pains me to return the phone.However, I live in San Francisco, CA, a city with marginal coverage which is worsened by dead spots created by hills everywhere.  Despite this environment my E66 and N95 can hold a connection from the bottom of Twin Peaks all the way to the top without dropping a call (the E66 most dependably).  Unfortunately, the N85 doesn't just drop calls it looses signal for much of the journey.Also, the Bluetooth interface performs poorly.  Firstly, it is very difficult to get it to pair automatically with devices that pair with no problem to both my E66 and N95, for example Sony Ericcson HBH-IS800 headphones or my Apple laptop.  Secondly, when it does connect to the headphones its looses signal often.  I can't put my phone in my pocket or audio will cut in and out.  I have to hold it in my hand or place it somewhere with a clear line of site within 3 feet or so to prevent audio cutting in and out.  Both my N95 and E66 connect easily and rarely cut out.I think these wireless link quality issues will be difficult to remedy with firmware updates.  They are dependent on the types of RF and analog/digital processing components built-into the device as well as the antenna placement within the device.  Also, I have a feeling that the N85 is a lower price to either the E66 or N95 because it has fewer processing cores.  I'm guessing that on the E66 and N95 the bluetooth processing gets offloaded to a dedicated processor whereas on the N85 it is done by the main processing core in parallel with multiple other functions.In any case, the software improvement on this phone is without question.  The form factor is simple and elegant.  It feels great in the hand.  It is so much closer to the smart phone I had always hoped to have.  BUT, the lack of wireless dependability makes an otherwise great phone, with all its great software improvements, meaningless.  So, I am returning this phone.