I have nothing substantially bad to say about this phone, after owning and using for a couple weeks.  True that's not much time yet, but I wanted to get this review up to balance out some of the other unfortunate (and seemingly isolated) wifi failures experienced by some other buyers.  I truly believe those buyers ended up with phones from a "bad batch" of some kind, possibly purchased from QVC or Home Shopping Network.I bought my S390G from this same seller (shopcelldeals), but from their ebay store rather than Amazon since the seller offered free shipping on ebay.  Hey, $5 is $5!  I love the combo pack that includes a 1-year of service with 400 minutes (=1200 with Triple Minutes).  This package is available here on Amazon too, although this review is attached to an ad that sells the phone only.  After activating and redeeming the card through Tracfone's website and adding in a bonus code (freely advertised on the Tracfone website at the time), I ended up with 1560 minutes good for 14 months - total cost for me was $99.99 ($7.14/month with an average of 111 minutes/month).  The phone was essentially free with that purchase, since Tracfone's website cost for just the 1-year, 400 minute refill alone is $99.99.PROS:- Nice design and features.  Sure they require a little "getting used to" but that's the case with any new phone.  Wifi was easy to set up and has worked flawlessly.  The browser is adequate but don't expect iPhone quality web surfing.  I highly recommend downloading the Opera Mini browser for free.- AMAZING battery life... it lasts days upon end (over a week) on standby.  With light usage, mine was recently off the charger 3-4 days, and still showed FULL battery life!  The battery still lasted a full day when wifi was on and constantly searching, which uses considerably more battery resources.- Effective screen lock capabilities... when activated, screen locks after 5 seconds.  Unlock takes 2 keystrokes of the two soft keys (within ~5 seconds or it locks again), so pocket dialing is unlikely.- "Sneak peak" text messages... if you don't click "View" right away when a text comes in, you can take a slightly longer route to the Inbox and see just a portion of the text message.  With short texts like "Ok" or "Thanks" (bad with a prepaid phone but people still send), you can see and delete them without opening the message and being charged.  Tracfone texts are really cheap anyway, but it's nice to avoid the charge when you can.- "New PC Studio" software is available from Samsung, and a nice program for transferring data to/from the phone and your computer.  I had no issues moving ringtones and photos back and forth.  PC Studio is similar in design to Blackberry Desktop.CONS (very minor):- Soft buttons cannot be reassigned, and menu icons cannot be moved around... BUT there is a customizable quick-reference shortcut list for quicker access to your favorites apps/options- Regular space bar press (middle of key) results in "double tap" period + space, must be hit on left or right side to space normally when typing a text message- Boxy QWERTY key setup is a little more difficult to type on than more curved Blackberry-inspired design(I expect all of those Cons to diminish as I continue to use the phone and get used to its design.)OTHER:- The 2mp camera is decent, but no flash and doesn't do too well with "active" shots... if the subject is moving, the photo will appear blurry.  I despise the overuse of cell phone cameras these days anyway, and maintain that you should USE AN ACTUAL CAMERA if you want quality photos.- I haven't used the music player yet, but I plan to.  I have a 16gb micro-SDHC card on order, and will put the phone into use as an mp3 player in the near future.This phone is not advertised as the latest and greatest, and buyers should not expect that.  I give it 5 Stars for what it is.  I am very pleased with this purchase and highly recommend this product, if you want a semi-smart phone with nice features, fabulous battery life, and plan to primarily talk and text (with occasional data needs on wifi).I will update this review if my experiences change substantially with continued ownership.