I was able to fully use the handset for 4 days.  I come from the Android platform and am an RF Engineer for 14 years working in wireless.The handset build quality is absolutely great for the price.  The touch screen is great, the keyboard predictability also great.  The way the phone handled day to day operation, for the price was also great.  It is not a Lumia 9xx phone, it is an entry level Windows 8 phone.  The camera is a basic camera, it did not take good pictures when my kid moved even slightly (there was blur).  The screen in sunlight, is not as bright as I'd like.  Once again, a great handset for the price.  I confirmed wifi calling, it worked flawlessly.  I had a major issue for the phone to allow me to create an outlook.com email address (needed to use their App store), it would not work and would return a hexadecimal error.  To fix this, I reset the phone and tried again and it worked. (hahaha... a windows product that requires resets hmmm... but to be fair, Android and iOs has needed a reset so no points lost there)Now onto where we have an issue.  The issue came about after 4 days of using it.  I powered the phone off (it had about 80% battery charge).  It turned off, I popped the cover off, and removed my SIM.  I went back to my Android device to do some work stuff, and came back to the Lumia 521 about 3hrs later.  The phone would not power up.  I tried everything, if i plug it in (tried for about 17hr charge) it will not keep the charge.  I tried to reset it (hold down volume down/power for 10s) did nothing.  The screen is working, it shows a battery charging, but it won't hold the charge and won't power up.  I will be returning it to the store, hopefully it is simply a defective battery.If you're looking for a good handset with all the functionality of a smart phone yes it is a great phone.  I enjoyed the size and interface.  Hopefully, the battery thing will be resolved today.Update - 5/29/13I was able to exchange the phone for another.  So far no issues with the phone.  There is one issue that was repeated on both phones and below is the description of the issue and its solution.During initial setup of email, I tried to sign-in to my outlook.com account.  Login/password work on my PC.  However, upon trying this on the phone it would fail.  The error I'd receive is - ERROR 0X80048264.  There is not much that would work, tried a soft reset, turning on/off etc it would not work.  The solution is to perform a hard reset (go into settings, click About Phone and perform a reset).  Once the phone restores, the login process worked.Please note, this is a T-Mobile store purchased phone.  It is my opinion, that when you turn on the phone, an update takes place (takes a while) and I believe it downloads WiFi Calling update.  Upon this being downloaded, it creates the scenario where the process of login for your Outlook or Live or Hotmail account doesn't go thru.  By doing a hard reset, the update for wifi calling remains but the phone's other settings reset.  Hopefully, this is a patch/update issue that will soon get resolved.Please feel free to respond if your process is successful to help others.  I still like the handset and enjoy using it.