I mostly love my GSIII so instead of writing a novel about what is good I'll focus on the bad.  Note that the good far outweigh the bad.SoftwareAs with all smart phones, Samsung occasionally issues updates for their operating system.  With their most recent update they forced installation of several pieces of bloatware (junk apps that you can't delete).  This adds to the tons of bloatware that came with the phone in the first place.  Hey Samsung: if we want these apps, we'll download them.KeyboardObviously there is no physical keyboard which is a difficult adjustment coming from a Droid with a really nice slide out keyboard.  The auto spell, auto completion and whatever other 'smart' editors are available are just junk so you're left with a virtual keyboard where you have to poke around to hit your letters.  Fortunately the screen is huge so it's easy to use relative to, say, the iphone.Useless FeaturesThe feature where the screen stays on if you're looking at it simply does not work.  I've been using my GSIII for almost 4 months now and the feature has never activated (indicated by an eye icon that pops up) regardless of lighting except for about 5 times while not even looking at the phone.Another bad thing is the alarm clock's fancy features.  The phone is supposed to hear you say "snooze", "sleep" or a couple other similar words.  This is supposed to turn the alarm off for a few minutes and then try again.  However, my first word in the morning is usually a groan and the GSIII hears this and interprets it as "Please turn my alarm off and do not wake me again."  That's right, it not only doesn't "snooze" or "sleep", it just turns off.  I recommend not trying this feature if you really do have to get up early.GlitchesThe GSIII is not immune to freezing and occasionally requires a restart although the need to pull the battery has been rare.Be careful because if you turn on tethering (a service that costs extra) and then turn it of, you will get a pop up message frequently that tells you tethering is turned off and will bump you out of any writing you're doing (i.e. will erase a text message you're working on.)Adjusting the volume isn't as simple as the hard buttons make it seem; I still haven't figured out how to make my text messages silent without vibrating.The cameraOkay, we all know how good the picture quality is.  Let's kick it up a notch.  How about optical image stabilization?  How about optical zoom, even if it's only 10 or 20 mm?  Where is the native video editor like iphone has?Wi-FiWhile my PCs and all other connected devices blaze on my home network, my GSIII usually tells me I have a poor connection and won't connect, even with full signal.  This is pretty bad since I'm on a somewhat limited 3G plan (we don't get 4G here yet) and I don't even have the best signal for that.That's about all of the bad I've encountered with my phone.  Overall I love it although some Samsung-specific software changes would go a long way towards making this the perfect option.  I am hopeful that the GSIV will have a next gen camera and possibly even a slide out keyboard option.  Or maybe:[...](Sorry for the manual link...for some reason video reviews are allowed but picture reviews are disabled.)