I got this phone because of all the great reviews and it was priced good for me.Seller:I ordered this phone on October 2nd but it took this seller a complete week to start the shipping process.  It was not ship but just entered into the system a week after I order and paid for the item, then it took another 2 weeks to get to me.  I understand when shipping from over seas, it may take a while but to start the shipping process a week after the order was place was just bad business.Phone:The good:The phone looks great and feels pretty light in my hand.  I actually would like it a little bit heavier but it ok.  Touch screen is relatively responsive and with minimal lag.  I love the large screen and can't really go back to those 4" and 4.5" I used to carry around.  The cpu on this phone is about the same as a Samsung galaxy s or s2, so decent processing power.  The gpu has a little lag on some games but is still good.  I have tried many apps on this phone and all seems to work fine.The bad:Sound is very low for a phone this size.  I can not hear my calls when in a room full of people or just going through the supermarket.  When I play a movie or watch youtube, the sound is set to the loudest but still I have to keep the phone pretty close to me to hear it well.  Basically, sound seems to come of one small speaker on the back that is very weak.Radio on this phone is very bad.  I tried it with both AT&T; and T-Mobile but both has a lot of static.  I'm also not getting full 3g with any of the bands even though it's advertise as 3g.I have had the phone for only a few days now so I don't have the final results but call quality is the one thing that needs to be address on this phone.  One more thing, this phone DOESN'T have 8g as advertised but only 6g. I'm debating on if I should return the phone or not.***UPDATE****The phone's usb charger connector is bad after a few months.  It has to be placed a certain way for it to charge, bad connector.  The 8G ADVERTISED ROM.. is useless.  ROM stands for "read only memory", which means you can NOT write to it.  The only memory you can write to is the 1G RAM, which is shared by the os.  Now, with the installed micro sd card, I get an error that it can not install apps to default location.  That can be resolved by changing the location to "let android chooses".  It will install to 1g and fill up fast.  I would have to go back in and move all installed apps to ext. micro sd card.  pain in the as$.I'm giving it 2 stars because of the bad usb connector and can not install error after only a few months of used, plus useless advertised ROM but I can managed with the installed micro sd card but it's a pretty good clone if you take away the defects I just mentioned.