I purchased this phone as a secondary device to my Blackberry 9700 and I am enjoying using the phone. I have tmobile service already so I called them to see about getting the sidekick data plan. They told me that it was possible to have the service but I would have to break my blackberry contract and that would be a cost of $200 for an ETF. I decided not to go that route and will just use the phone as a text, mms, and phone call device. I see a few people said that they were not able to send and receive picture/video messages on the sidekicks because they have no data but I was able to do so with no issues even if I cannot go to a webpage on the phone. I think that the design and aesthetics of the phone is very appealing and I am glad I purchased. The phone looked brand new when I opened the package. I had the phone (no scratches), an operators manual, battery, data wire, earphones as well as a carrying pouch. I could not have asked for anything more and I will gladly do more business with this company if all of their interactions are this professional.**Edit 5/26/11I am reviewing the plan mainly because there is nothing wrong with the phone but a lot of mystique seems to be surrounding the infamous Sidekick service not being in effect any longer. So I finally got my phone 100% activated on a new prepaid phone number so I wouldn't have to keep changing my sim card back and forth with my blackberry when I want to use this phone. I called tech support and with the change of the APN in the system I have full 100% use of my device. I have my Facebook and twitter apps going and emails coming to the phone. I think the issues that come in to place with not having data on the phone is when you are using a sim card that is not Tmobile. As long as you are on the network and the service can be verified then you should have no issues with data being switched on at the 3G level. Otherwise, this phone works fantastic. The only gripe I have is that the battery power tends to drop a little more than I would like. It loses power now because I am always playing with the data on it, however before I hooked the phone up I charged it completely and never used it but when I tried to use it about three days later it was completely dead which means standby is incredibly low. Just something to consider. Otherwise there are no other issues with my device, I am completely satisfied.**Edit 6/2/11Okay, so it looks like the data is, indeed, gone from this device, never to return. With the data gone this phone is still a nice device to use, so the phone does not lose any stars but I am questioning Tmobile's motive in cutting off such a mass amount of their customers. If you are not into any data features then this is a nice device to use. If you are an internet creature, like myself, please look elsewhere. I am on to the Androids!