When smart phones first came out, I was an Apple fan. It took me until the 3GS to realize that I was never going to be satisfied with a Apple's cookie cutter user interface. It has made smart phones accessible to those who aren't inquisitive about technology. If, however, you are like me, you quickly realized that Android provided the best balance of reliability and customization.Having said that, the biggest drawback to Android is that you are reliant on the manufacturer to push over-the-air updates when a new version is released. That's the only drawback I see. With Apple, everyone is on the same page as long as your device can handle the new features.With that caveat, let me begin to heap praise upon the Galaxy S4. It is my third Android device. It blows me away. The only criticism I have is its learning curve. I've had it since it came out and still find myself learning something new everyday. In a way, though, that keeps the device fresh and exciting. If you're new to Android and need a more slow introduction to the S4's features, it even has a basic mode.Once in the advanced mode, you unlock a host of features that make clear that this device was designed for you, the user. The device is not one that tells you what you need (my basic beef with the iPhone). It, instead, gives you intuitive features that you would like to use. For example, yesterday, on a hike, I realized that I could take a photo of a natural stream and then produce a GIF that kept certain areas still while animating the water. While this may seem a trivial point, it illustrates how this device is designed for internet 2.0 users who want to publish content. You can read about all these features elsewhere, and they are numerous. It's fun to constantly discover a new use that inspires creativity.Despite its powerful set of features, you'll find the battery life very satisfying. With Blluetooth and WIFI enabled, I was able to use the device for 37 hours before its charge depleted.For professionals, I have to say this is the best device I've uncovered. Rather than unlock the phone and then switch off the volume, I can hold down the power button and quickly switch between volume levels. This is handy in meetings or in presentations where you realize you've left the volume on. Rather than stare at my screen as I input my password, I can take care of discretely. The screen size helps, too, in combination with productivity suites like "Documents to Go" (not exclusive to the device) to view and collaborate on documents while travelling. Other devices with smaller screens make this somewhat laborious. Samsung seems to have hit the sweet spot between no being too small and not being a near tablet (Note devices).Some will criticize the S4 for containing bloatware from Samsung. I just overlook it. One can customize the home screens so that needing to access the full list of installed apps isn't necessary. I will say, though, that I love "Watch On." With the on-board RF blaster, you can control TVs, Blu Ray players, Bose stereos, receivers, just about anything as long as you in line-of-site with the device. The app even acts like a universal remote, providing a combo of uses (like activating your receiver, Blu Ray device, and TV all at once). In this way, it almost replaces more expensive devices like Logitech's Harmony Remotes, except that it doesn't include the RF receivers.In short, if you need a phone, get this one. It's good for publishing; it's good for work/productivity; and it's good for being lazy around the house. Oh, yeah! It also makes phone calls.