This is really an amazing superphone. Everything about it exudes beauty and elegance. The screen is absolutely gorgeous and make me smile everytime I look at it. I was worried about it being too big but after getting it, I was amazed at how easily it is to fit into my pocket. Note is pretty thin and lightweight considering its size but it definitely seems to look bulkier than it really is.The screen looks decent under bright sunlight and under normal conditions, images are so vivid that they pop out from the screen. the audio and battery could use a bit improvement though. I also wish Samsung could improve on the "plasticky" feeling of the phone for being too light!Call quality is great. Its definitely clear and crisp. Reception is good and I don't experience any drop calls yet nor do I see instances where it goes straight to my voicemail like my Nokia pull on me sometimes. I may invest in a bluetooth headset soon as it will make my sometimes prolonged conversation more convenient. At home I still use my beloved Note for quick browsing. The browsing experience is phenomenal as it offers me a near native desktop browsing experience. I am sure with the new AT&T; LTE offering with note, it will only add to the satisfaction.Actually, I find the S-pen very useful, instead of just a gimmick. I used it in plenty of occasions, like jotting down some notes and using it to run errands. it served as yellow stickies for me. I have also used Note as a mini-whiteboard when running ideas with friends. It works great. Besides a tiny bit of lag time when writing, I totally loved this S-pen.I played with the camera quite a few times using various cute android camera app like Paper camera and cartoon camera. Its so much better viewing pictures in a huge high quality screen like this. Taking camera steadily in a big phone like this takes a bit to getting used to. A physical camera button will help a lot in this case. I found the pictures quality on par with my Sony 12megapixel camera. Nothing to complain in this department.I have however found the battery to be quite hot after using it intensively for a few hours. On few occasions where I just played games and watching videos non-stop for 2-3hrs, it got to be pretty hot and had to wait for it to cool down before putting it back in my pocket. Just an observation, as it maybe a common trait across all smartphones. I just never came across it til now since I had never spend so much time playing with a smartphone!It is the only smartphone that I recommend getting a second battery. Its not to say it has a weak battery but a testament of how addictive it can get playing with Note all day. Watching movies, reading comics, browsing are all common activities that I do with my Note even at home. I think Samsung Note just kill the 7" tablet market.After only few weeks of owning it, now I wish it is bigger! I can't get enough of this gorgeous big screen. I have the Koi live wallpaper as my background. Oh my, what a great feeling it is to turn on the screen and see a life-like Koi pond. It gets to be pretty addicting playing with Note. I am also getting the desk charger so that it can act as my desk clock as well. sweet!This marvelous device is such an attention seeker that you are sure to get looks/attention from people around you. From the sea of smartphones, this unique device do stand head and shoulders above the rest. We just have to wait and see if its own future sibling S3 or iphone5 can tilt the competitive landscape but as of right now, theres absolutely no peers. With the android 4.0 ice cream sandwich installed in the future, it can only be better.