This is a fantastic phone for multiple reasons.HERE ARE THE PROS:-Ease of use: The main thing I love the most about this phone is the ease of use. I have owned several other phones in the past (a mix between other Smartphones and basic messaging phones). This phone is by far the easiest to use.-Touch screen is great! Unlike other phones I have had in the past, this one actually understands where my fingers are and therefore is very accurate. If I press A, the phone selects A. If I slide to the left, my phone slides to the left. I can't say the same for other phones in the past!-Call Quality is great on this phone. I spoke to someone for nearly an hour and the connection remained strong thoughout the entire conversation.-Texting is extremely easy, especially with the "Swype" feature. You can either type your words the usual way by tapping each letter. Or, with Swype, you can simply slide your thumb from letter to letter to create each word using a single motion. You lift your thumb once the word has been finished. Most of the time the phone knows what I am trying to say and therefore no changes need to be made. However, certain words do require me to manually go in and fix them. Again, a majority of the time my phone gets it right. Texting is MUCH faster thanks to this feature! I love Swype!-8GB of internal memory (5GB user available). Also, like most cell phones, it has a Micro SD card slot to add additional space.-4G Network-Accepts Micro SIM card ... If you are switching your SIM card into this phone and it is not the right size, then your carrier can give you the right size or you can use a SIM cutter (what I used) to turn your Standard SIM into a Micro SIM. Or, if you have a Nano SIM card, then you can use an adapter to enlarge it into a Micro SIM.-Display is very pleasing to the eye: 480x800 pixels, 4.5 inch screen-Has 3.5mm headphone jack, which I LOVE. It is such a pain when other phones only offer a usb headphone jack because then you have to be careful when choosing the right headphones. This phone, thankfully, keeps it simple by using a standard headphone jack.-Camera is great. 2592x1944 pixels. From what I have read, it is not the greatest camera when compared to higher priced cell phones, but it is still amazing to me. Very crisp and clear photos. The auto focus is outstanding. This cell phone camera has replaced my digital camera because the quality is just that good!-Battery  is very good on this phone. I made sure to keep track before writing this review. I managed to get a total of 40 hours after fully charging it the other night before my phone alerted me to plug it in (the battery icon was in the red by the end of the 40 hours). Within the 40 hours,  I spoke on the phone for about 30 minutes, as well as texted quite a bit and used the internet.-Alarm system is good. It allows you to set up more than one alarm and allows you to customize it to your liking. You can choose an interval (anywhere from 3 mins to 30 mins) and a repeat option (anywhere from 1 to 10 times).-If you are like me and enjoy listening to music on your phone, it is quite easy. I originally had all my music located on my PC. It was very easy to plug my phone into my PC vis USB port and drag the songs into the phone. Not only can you listen to music, but you can use this to personalize your own ringtones and/or alarm tunes.As for cons, I honestly have nothing bad to say about this phone! It is such a great phone and I am very pleased with my purchase! This phone will stay with me for a long time. I am definitely a Samsung Galaxy fan!