HTC 8X is definitely a incredible design and ergonomic. Windows 8 apps are a welcome change from iOS. Among the three ecosystems, I prefer Android, Windows 8, and iOS in that order. I got access to few Windows 8 phones to review. I will try to review them, but since I have not used for a period longer than a month I am not reviewing for reliability. 4.3" Super LCD 2, 720x1280 resolution, 342 ppi, Corning Gorilla Glass 2. Glass 2 is overlooked. Glass 3 is in the making and supposed to be even better. Stating following because this is highly underrated in reviews. From Corning's Gorilla Glass specs; WHAT MAKES GORILLA GLASS SO DAMAGE RESISTANT? The unique composition of Gorilla Glass allows for a deep layer of high compressive stress (created through an ion-exchange process). This compression acts as a sort of "armor," making the glass exceptionally tough and damage resistant. Ion exchange is a chemical strengthening process where large ions are "stuffed" into the glass surface, creating a state of compression. Gorilla Glass is specially designed to maximize this behavior.1.5 GHz dual-core Qualcomm Krait processor, 16 GB internal flash, 1 GB RAM NO microSD slot! Battery is 1800 mAh Li-ion battery. Compared to a high end Android Galaxy Note II, which has a battery of 3100 mAh Battery. Battery is also not removable. __Not having a storage expansion slot is a bummer for lot of people! Not being able to remove battery is a double bummer.__ 8 MP camera is awesome, and HD videos were fantastic. For me, storage expansion and removal of battery is very important, so I was disappointed. This is the downside the unibody design. This is the reason for me giving a 4 star review.I have used in the past extensively HTC Titan I and II which is pre Windows 8 (7.5) and I was surprised it has become more buttery smooth now. Apps are very smooth on 8X even compared to Nokia Lumia series. Apps are limited in Windows 8 marketplace. Yes, we have heard this a gazillion times. I tried with Navigon which turned out to be great in giving voice directions.Engadget wrote after the release: "Yes, the 8X is a fantastic ambassador to Windows Phone 8, but after using it for several days, we're longing for a similar phone from HTC running Android -- at least until a stronger app ecosystem develops for Microsoft's latest mobile OS" This is a chicken and egg situation. Unless more phones are sold, developers don't have incentives to write apps. Apps are less now, because people are not buying in big droves. Windows Phone is now (early-mid 2013) the third-leading mobile phone platform, more than tripling its market share year-over-year. One recent report I read Android and iOS are ahead in games with 162.1 and 37.4 million shipments in 1Q13 and Windows phone came in 7 million. This is more than double from previous year. I really hope for Windows 8 platform to surge ahead because having a 3 way competition with iOS and Android is good for the ecosystem.