I purchased this phone a little cheaper online through walmart. What a great buy. This phone actually made me disconnect my service from Verizon. Obviously this can't/couldn't work for everybody (especially if you HAVE TO HAVE internet wherever you go.. ) but here it goes..-----**I primarily use wifi either at my home (I have a 30mbps connection) or at my Job. I have no need for data when im "on the go".**I purchased an app called "GrooveIP" for 4.99. This app allows you to make/recieve calls through wifi using Google Voice. Usually Google voice only works on a computer but this app lets you make the calls on your phone.**Call quality is EXCELLENT! (Make sure you turn on "adaptive echo canceller and audio processing. leave sync voice off")**I bought a 100$ pre-paid card from at&t.; This card lasts an entire YEAR!Here's basically how it works..1) MY google voice phone number is forwarded to the ATT number which was given to me when I activated the SIM card.2) I have an app called AUTOAP that turns off 3g when im connected to wifi.3) What this means is when i'm home, if someone calls me, the call will go through wifi (grooveip) and will be free. When im not home and someone calls me, the call will get forwarded to the ATT number and my phone still rings. I have the option of answering the phone or letting it go to voicemail!4) If I decide to answer the call, I'm billed at .10c / min. Same rate if I decide to call out when I'm not in a wifi zone.I have a house phone that I pay 20$ for unlimited calls. This plan made me eliminate my 120$ bill from Verizon!To wrap it up. I pay about 28$ (20+ 100 card/12) per month to have a great phone with unlimited calls in my home and wherever I have wifi.***Other notes***I rooted the phone fairly easily and put a custom rom on it. This has made the phone have 90mb free of ram and removed all of the bloatware. The phone is zooming fast now. The camera is good for a phone (lets be honest, a cell phone is not a great camera)The sound of the earpiece is good. It could be better. It also has GPS on the phone. I got an app called NAVIGON which allows you to use GPS without using data. Now I have another use for this phone!!I really have nothing bad to say about this phone. It looks great too, very sleek. Very good midrange smart phone----Update 6/18/12Phone still working great! I have been trying different roms to see which one works best but I haven't really found one that is perfect. Some roms mess up grooveip's voice quality while others are very slow. Will post another update when I find the "winner".Battery life is VERY good. If im using wifi ocassionaly to surf the web and check email and make a few 10 min calls I can have a full charge for a few days!Build quality is also excellent. The phone has survived many falls/drops and still works excellent. Touch screen is very responsive----Update 11/09/12Phone has since bene lost! I am going to buy the upgraded fusion 2 since it is the SAME PRICE and is a dual core processor and has 2gb internal ram.. what this means is a much faster phone that has much more space internally that the previous iteration.As of right now.. there is very little to no reason in getting this version as the fusion 2 is superior in every regard----