I just received my new Blackberry 9810 a couple of days ago. It's a belated arrival as this was supposed to be my xmas gift and was a bit late... but nevermind, that's another story.After two days with the thing I'm surprised at how intuitive and fully featured it is. With my Android, if you wanted to do anything you needed to find an app that does it. If your specific email account company doesn't have an app, you're screwed. When I first got my BB I looked and looked for an app for my various email accounts, only to find... it's all built-in, right out of the box.If your Android doesn't do something you like, you have to find some app in the OS that you have to solve your problem, and it still might not work. With this phone, nearly everything I can think of is either laid out intuitively or there's a special command built-in that solves it. I feel I have so much control over this tool as it gives me nearly every conceivable option, and not the idiot-proofing that goes for Android.The phone is fast, responsive, and a perfect work tool with a ridiculous amount of built-in functions. I also love the fact that this touch Blackberry has retained things like a hang-up button, which my touch Android (with slide-out keyboard too) did not. I love the attention to detail that went into this phone. I've never owned a Blackberry before, and I can't see any way of going back now. Also the audio quality is superb. So many smartphones fail at being first and foremost a phone... not this one.Regarding the physical interface, I love how the engineers who created it gave so many options to the user on how to interface with their smartphone. Despite it being a fully touch device, the trackpad is there where accuracy is needed. For short texts you might want to use the virtual keyboard, but for longer texts and for more accuracy you might want to pull out the traditional Blackberry keypad. If you want to hang up you always have a hard-wired hangup button. I like how the designers of this phone respect their users enough to give them the choice, and not give users the finger, throw at them a virtual keyboard, and "that's it deal with it".Minor gripe, I'm not too crazy about the location of the number pad right next to the one key I need to keep pressed to enter those keys as numbers instead of letters. I later figured out how to do a numlock, which solves that. But the left alt button is too close to the edge of the keypad (which is raised), making it difficult to press.Also, coming from Android, the Blackberry Appworld... sucks. Fortunately for me, I find that most apps are useless anyway. I want a phone that works right out of the box and gives me the control that I paid for, and not having to depend on someone with computer skills to fix a ridiculous flaw in the original package.The more I use this phone, the more I learn of newer ways my supposedly more modern and definitely more popular Android was so backwards, featureless, inflexible, and limited.SUMMARYOther than such minor teething pains, I love this phone and would recommend it to anyone who's looking for a high-end fully featured smartphone. It comes with many more ways of controlling your smartphone, so perhaps for some people it might be overwhelming (but not for me); where Apple's philosophy is "less is more", to me less is always less. Anyway, it does feel a bit stupid to be so gushing over just a small piece of technology, but when you finally get the right tool for the job it's hard to resist. To me this phone is the best kept secret on the smartphone marketplace.