Context: I use my phone heavily for voice, contacts, e-mail, calendar, Web browsing, navigation, Office documents, and PDFs, roughly in that order. I do not use Facebook, Twitter, or generic text messaging. My contacts and calendar come from Outlook, and it's vital that all the detail kept by Outlook for calendar and contacts items be shown on my phone. I strongly want a physical keyboard, but also like a big touch screen. I travel a lot, both nationally and internationally, and am often in rural or other non-major-city areas.Given all that, I've been A VERY happy user of an HTC Tilt 2 (still avaialble used from Amazon at HTC Tilt 2 Touch Pro Unlocked Smartphone with 3.0 MP Camera, 3G, Quad-band GSM/GRPS, WiFi, QWERTY Keyboard, MicroSD Slot) operating on AT&T; Wireless. This operates on all the GSM and nearly all the 3G frequencies used around the world, has a big, sharp, responsive touch screen which slide across and tilts up when I want to use the phone's excellent keyboard. It looks nice and has good battery life. Bluetooth and Wi-Fi work reliably and solidly.The operating system is my favorite of all I've tried, the late and as-yet-unequaled Windows Mobile 6.5. This provides the best-yet-seen compatibility for Outlook and Office, along with compact, efficient, and (in many cases) nicely customizable UIs for the apps (good enough that I turned off the HTC Sense UI that came with the phone), a decent range of commercially available third-party apps, and a generally clean, rational method of operation for those who don't need violent graphics and boredom relievers. My one major customization was to install Opera Mini, an excellent browser which WM was willing to recognize as my default browser.Unfortunately, my Tilt 2 has become a bit creaky, occasionally dropping voice calls after a few minutes even when signal is good. It is also not as plain old gorgeous or as slim as the Nokia E7, which is what I decided to try after finding so few current phones with large slide-out physical keyboards and no other business-oriented GSM phone with a tilting screen.Despite really wanting one in dark grey (available in the rest of the world but not with a US warranty), I bought a new silver E7-00 from Amazon (who delivered it promptly as always) and proceeded to try it. Startup was easy; I simply took the SIM card out of the Tilt 2, put it into the E7, and had connectivity as soon as the E7 started. Syncing contacts and calendar items from Outlook was easy. After trying both, I found Nokia's PC Suite much preferable for my needs (I don't need the entertain-the-kids aspect of Ovi Suite and don't want my info stored on Nokia's server, but I do need regular automatic sync when the phone is connected to my desktop via USB) and quickly had all my many contacts and calendar items on the E7.Except I didn't quite, to a degree that has become unacceptable. The Symbian^3 contacts app does not recognize all (and misinterprets some of) the phone number fields of an Outlook contact. Also, if you use the "Extension" field in an Outlook contact, Symbian^3 concatenates the extension onto the phone number, resulting in something AT&T;'s network can't understand at all. Worse, the Symbian^3 contacts app simply can't cope with a long "note" in an Outlook contact. After losing much of some valuable long notes in some of my key Outlook contact items and finding no way to scroll through a long note in a contact on the E7, I realized I just couldn't use the E7 as a mirror of my Outlook info. The Symbian^3 calendar app similarly does not properly or safely handle Outlook calendar items.There are more disappointments. Ovi Maps looks great on the phone, works fairly well, and is to be commended for storing the maps on the phone, greatly reducing data consumption during a trip, but keeps losing GPS signal in places where the Tilt 2 never had trouble, and thus is very busy and noisy frequently recalculating the route. QuickOffice is OK, but nowhere near as compatible with MS Office as is the version thereof on WM 6.5. The E7 freezes every day or two, often by showing a frozen and diagonally smeared version of the last screen that operated. It also hangs up and becomes unresponsive to input for several seconds at a time now and then (with few if any open apps).It's possible the new Symbian Anna release might address some of this, but Anna is not yet forthcoming in the US.All this makes me sad indeed, because I've gotten quite fond of the look and feel of the E7 hardware and of the moderately customizable home screens. If I could work around the problems listed above, I'd happily keep the phone even though the Nokia-MS deal may very well supplant it by sometime next year. However, at least for me, the E7 is at best a prototype, with very rough software, of a phone I'd like to own when they finish it.