Updated after many months of ownership.NEW REVIEWWhat I liked:- the camera is outstanding, no question.- this is a computer replacement no modification required. I connect apple Bluetooth mouse and keyboard to the phone and hook it to the my TV screen through HDMI and there I have a full computer for simple office use (e-mail, web , and games). I can hook in my hard drive to the micro USB and I can modify my files with the office apps provided.- I can talk at the same time browse the internet on 3g (that is not just and apple + at&t; as the advertisement claims);- tethering and sharing 3g connection via wifi;- a full use of the GPS capability with some free apps; Ovi MAP is outstanding- perfect sync with Gmail, google calendar and google contacts.The problems:- The HDMI cover cracked before I even used, this is apparently a common problem with N8.- ovi store and apps installation are really annoying, I cannot tell you how many time I had to re-install and update the CNN news app.- I gave up transferring my musics through ovi suite. I'd rather just do it manually- I gave up fixing/finding the MTP driver with windows 7 64bit- I'm annoyed that skype video does not exist for symbian.OLD REVIEWFirst off, I got it cheaper here so price/quality cannot be beaten compared to many smart phones.What I like:- Penta band 3.5 G connection: I'm on T-mobile in the U.S.(1700 / 2100Mhz), I have to switch to European bands (1900/2100) from time to time, and my country uses 850/2100 Mhz.- The camera: With this phone's Carl Zeiss lens (with 12 Megapixel ccd) I don't need a point and shoot camera in my pocket.- USB on the go: you can plug in USB flash drives and transfer files. I attached Sandisk multi-card reader and it works...- HDMI out: one of my DVD encoded documentary was 1.7 Gb; I thought it would not play but it was smooth...perfect.- The Fm receiver/ transmitter: I bought the car charger (Nokia D4) just for this. Now I play my music through fm radio transmitter.- The music player is a little "wanna be" apple's cover flow but it's good.- OVI map and voice guidance is excellent. I would rank it higher than Tom Tom's services besides it is free and does not require data coverage.- Full Office set: quickoffice, file manager, pdf reader, even a zip manager for free.- I can download any file, and send them as e-mail attachments- True multitasking, no question! (OVI map on + music on + transmitting through fm radio + wifi tethering)Some critics:- I think Symbian^3 interfaces are smooth, way better than the previous S60 but can be improved a lot. It is NOT snappy feel like iOS but good enough.- Symbian has less support and that is Nokia's responsibility especially now that they are moving away from its openness. On top of that windows mobile will be the next platform.- Voice command is not that good...web browser sucks, although there are some good implementation in app forms (eg "AP news" or "Accuweather")- Symbian OS takes a learning curve. If you expect something that just works and easy...you will be frustrated.- Switching between wifi and 3G connection and automatic turn on and off are sometimes problematic.My recommendation:Use Opera mobile instead of the nokia's web browserAPPS: Install internet radio, big screen for HDMI, Joikuspot for a 3g to WiFi tethering, swipe to improve on screen keyboard.Make sure there is not app that keeps your 3g connection on. Not only you have to pay the bill but it drains you battery really fast. When pairing with windows 7, make sure it does not automatically connect and backup, I experienced many crashes.If you use windows 7 64bit to pair with the N8's Bluetooth, I recommend you search on google " ASUS Bluetooth driver" and install it. That would activate many options including (1) use of your pc's speaker/micro phone as your headset (2) sim access or a direct call from your computer (3)...Last words: The hardware can handle all highly graphic demanding mobile 3d games (Need for speed, Real golf 2011,Galaxy on fire pre-installed) but I wonder what a superfast processor and high memory would improve. Looking forward to update to Symbian Anna in September.