I used the E71 exclusively for the last 6 months. I would consider myself a advanced user who bought the phone for its extensive set of features.What I was looking for when I bought the device:* An actual keyboard* Comparatively small form factor* 3G* GPS* Contacts & Calender sync features* SIP integration (VoIP)Pros:* Build quality of the handset is quite nice. The phone survived 6 months in my pocket without any protection.* The keyboard works despite its small size really wellSoftware cons:The main reason why I rated the phone 2 stars is because of its extremely bad software. Unfortunately Nokia never developed the software beyond prototype status. The entire user interface is absolutely inconsistent, buggy and not mature.* Even if you just run native Nokia apps you will be surprised how many different ways to access the phone book, enter text or access other phone functionality Nokia came up with. The way the menus are organized seem to be completely random for first time Nokia users. All in all it takes forever to get used to this unintuitive interface.* The native email client is a laugh at best. How can a business phone be limited to 2 email accounts? I had to buy a 30USD 3rd party app to be able to run an email setup with the feature set I would have expected from the native client on a pro phone.* I got about 300+ contacts in my address book. Opening the contact list takes about 3s. If someone calls me from my contacts it takes 2-3s before I see the name instead of the number.* I use the Nokia push mail service to receive email from one specific account almost instantly. To not miss an important mail I have a long ringtone assigned to incoming mails. You would think that the ringtone stops after the first button on the phone is pressed. Not so with the E71. It keeps happily ringing till the ringtone is fully played.* The SIP implementation is useless because once the phone looses the connection to the server it never restores it again. To restore the connection you have to restart the phone. * Every time I want to access 3G with a 3rd party app the phone asks me if it should allow the app to access the internet and in the next step which connection to use. There should be a integrated rule system regulating 3G access and a possibility to set a default connection.* There is no way to disable auto capitalization.Hardware cons:* With frequent 3G usage the battery doesn't even last a day. I had to extend the period between mail retrieval and syncs to be able to go trough a day without charging.* Quality of the camera is quite badSummary:All in all I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone. If money is no concern and you look for a shiny handset to make calls and send a text once in a while the E71 is the way to go. Otherwise stay away from it.