Updated on 05/28/2013.Still going strong, however the latest upgrade to Nokia Belle made it less responsive to touches and in general more buggy.Latest navigation update added a pedestrian mode. navigation itself could be a bit quirky - some suggestions are downright dangerous likemaking turns where it is physically impossible. Also the new browser does not have an option to remove the status bar at the bottom thateats into already small page space.Recently was running car navigation and listening to the Internet radio streaming at the same time - all on 340MB of RAM - impressive!Also I can view 720P movies shut on my GoPro camera via OTG cable with USB flash reader. Pretty cool!Will take a look at Lumia 620 next. It also has worldwide navigation with free map upgrades.End of Updated on 05/28/2013.First, the negatives.1) Reboots a lot. While searching for the GPS location, playing MP3s, running the custom application I wrote for the Symbian OS - NOT ANYMORE - see below2) Limited applications availability. Only one music player that came with the phone, no player that plays by folder so the music has to be tagged/organized3) Browser experience is sub-par4) Cumbersome navigation. Read the manual!4) Nokia OVI store on the phone stopped working after I swapped the supplied 4GB micro-SD card for a 16GB one - NEWEST UPDATE FIXED THE ISSUE - see below5) Nokia app for the computer is not very intuitiveNow the positives that BY FAR outweigh the negatives, mostly what was not mentioned by the others1) High quality body/screen2) Excellent voice quality3) Sensitive wi-fi radio4) Works perfectly as a standalone GPS with the maps of the whole world available for download. Maps of Europe are superior to Google's. last year in Croatia Google was forcing me to take the ferry since supposedly it was no road available. Nokia maps got it right.5) Availability of cheap GENUINE Nokia accessories on the famous auction site and various Chinese outfits on the WEB. You can get an outstanding car holder for peanuts as well as some basic covers and extra battery with charger that works with the supplied with the phone proprietary power cable.6) With a dirt-cheap (see above) OTG cable you can connect a USB flash drive as an external memory to the phone and it will be treated like an internal memory or an inserted micro-SD card7) Skype works perfectly over wi-fi and 3G8) GSM coverage EVERYWHERE in the world9) Good still/video camera10) Small. No damage to vital organs when kept in the pocket.Suggestion: make sure that USB cables you buy are for Nokia, generic ones might not work. OTG cable model number:  CA-157, GPS holder: CR-114 or CR-115.Also do not buy into Symbian 'obsolescence' myth. NOTHING in Android realm can touch this phone for the price. Android has more apps and seamless download but this phone will do everything you need in a small form factor. Highly recommended.Update on 09/28/2011.Go to [...] and download Store QML client. It updates Ovi store functionality on your phone. Works perfectly!Update on 10/29/2011.Installed a new version of software (prompted by Nokia itself on the phone). Rebooting seems to be fixed, at least partially.Update 0n  11/26/2011New OS update solved the rebooting issue - have not had it once! Also GPS fix now is very fast. Ovi store now works seamlessly-I download and install apps while riding on a train.Recommended!