I just want to say, this is the phone which has everything I need. I don't use phone to take picture, and talking with bluetooth earphone seems very stupid for me..So this phone, without bluetooth and camera, just fine for me.For those people who complain about battery life, you can setup your GPRS as "manually" connect with Internet, so that the phone will not keep connecting with internet for checking email, then battery life is just as good as other phones. Typically, I use this phone everyday for talking about total 1 hour, and for listening music about 2 hours (walk on the way to work and on the way back home), before I go to bed to recharge it, it usually has 2 bars of battery left.I am using 2GB SD card and it works fine. SD card is the cheapest memory card nowadays. And who does not have one SD card? So you don't have to spend extra money for memory card. I saved a lot of music and picture on it. Some important files, I also copy them in the phone as I can check on the go.The best part of this phone is, it integrates a lot of softwares, makes it able to read Word, Excel, Powerpoint and PDF files with no problem, those softwares you must pay to have register code in any other smart phone. It also has a file manager, picture view software, and it can play pictures as slide show in full screen. I used Audiovox SMT5600 before, it even does not have a file manager.Furthermore, it can be used as a modem if you have dial-up internet available, so connecting with your laptop can let you go online at anywhere without expensive phone data plan. Or you can use dial-up directly on the phone, to use internet explore for checking your email on the phone. But be aware of that Cingular blocks data transfer if you don't use their internet sevice. So if you are using T-mobile, it will be no problem to use this phone's dial-up for online, sepcially at weekend and evening, you get free internet service because your call is free during these time.Like other smartphone, it can syncs with your computer for all your contacts and calender, and even playlist in Windows media player.If you go online to search, you can find a lot of games and home screen themes available for free. The only thing I want complain is, everytime I restart the phone, it loses the home screen themes which I personalized with my son's picture, and I have to copy them into the phone again.Over all, this is a wonderful phone for those people who understand how to use a smartphone.--------------------------------------------------Update on December 29, 2006Recently I installed an Asian Language Pack, so now the phone can show my music file's name in original language which comes with songs... Also, I installed a software called TMPMP which can let my phone play MP4 and 3GPP movies, so my phone now is really SUPER powerful. Of course this progarm also can play MP3 and wma, and acc files.