Disclaimer: this is my first smartphone. I have a Google Nexus 7, and Apple laptop and desktop. So why would I get the Lumia 928? 1) It's the best reviewed phone on Verizon. 2) I like what I have seen of Windows 8 touchscreens. 3) I am impressed with Nokia's direction. 4) I wanted a high quality camera. 5) It's free.PHONE - It's difficult to separate the phone from the operating system, but I will try. First, call quality is outstanding. I had my clearest conversation ever on this phone. The speaker phone works great. The pictures are superb with nice editing options from Nokia. Personally I like the size/shape. It feels great in the hand, and can stand upright. Te screen is just large enough for e-reading, and comfortable enough for the pocket. In fact, I am very impressed with the screen. It really jumps out.HOME SCREEN - Beautifully done. The Windows tiling system is the best option out there. I enjoyed customizing my Nexus, but just picking and choosing where you put apps is not the same. Sizing the apps (only 3 options), placing them, and coloring them is fun and makes for a more enjoyable experience. On the downside, the tiles are unequal in live updates. Some provide them, some do not. Some update better than others. Still, what I see in front of me looks great, and gives me critical information.GOOGLE/APPLE USERS - I was initially concerned. There is a Windows Phone App for Mac. I downloaded it as the Getting Started pamphlet suggested. I uploaded iphotos and isongs to the phone, no problem. Gmail is my primary email. The phone tells me when I have new messages on the lockscreen, and my homescreen email tile. The interface when opening gmail is black and white, and it doesn't separate the promotions, updates, etc. into tabs. Basically it does what I need, minus the ads. Also, it logs threads. The simplicity is actually refreshing. Google Calender is my calendar. Although not as slick as on Android, it gets the job done. I don't see how to view the calendar weekly, but all of my upcoming appointments are listed under "agenda" for as far down as I can scroll. Daily appointments are visible on a homescreen calendar tile.APPS - There are lots of free apps for ereading (kindle looks great), audiobooks, photos, flashlights, social media, news, music, games, etc. The Windows App market is growing rapidly. I have found their selection to be more than adequate in almost all cases. For particular niches, in my case chess (semi-serious player), the app market can be too weak. A great thing about the lower selection is that it's easier to find cool apps that get buried elsewhere. For instance, I found a white noise sleeping app that I would have never looked up. There are far more apps than expected, and Nokia's own apps are an added bonus.WINDOWS 8/LUMIA 928 - It's absurd that some have said Windows 8 is not ready for prime-time. It's far from perfect, but it's fun, slick and improving fast. I have composed audio emails and texts flawlessly. I was able to download super cool free ringtones from the App store. Pandora has no ads! The settings could have more options, but they do the essentials. Having a basic free Office program is nice. Explorer reads differently depending on the page, but it's usually very clear. The back button works better than Android. The keyboard is solid. All apps are one swipe away. Did I mention my homescreen looks great? No crashes or stalls.OVERALL - I am very happy with this phone. I was hesitant to finally make the $30 a month jump to the smartphone world. Now I can't believe I waited so long. My camera, ipod, tablet and GPS have been subsumed into one device that is ridiculously underpriced. Why get bogged down by particular platforms? These days it's super-easy to jump from Apple to Android to Windows and back again. Windows 8 is a solid 4 stars on the mobile platform, and the Nokia Lumia 928 is a definite 5. There is a reason why the Verizon attendant said no one is returning with problems with this phone, whereas they regularly do for Android. Nokia has been in the phone-making business for a long time and it really shows. Windows 8 is contemporary, and will only get better. They make a standout combination. Why get what everyone else has? You will stand out with this phone.UDPATE: Love Nokia Music, the free version that comes with the phone. Audio commands work quite well. Photo editing has been fun. Tiles that update themselves are a huge perk. The Windows App store is growing by leaps and bounds.