I received my Q10 on 6/21 and after getting through all the activation issues, I'm still having some very basic, elementary lagging issues with my texting/BB Hub. We all know that texting is important and that it should be something that is very quick, especially nowadays, should be immediate. The issue I have is NOT NOT NOT with my network connection as it does this throughout the state and is solely within the OS. When I send a text, it takes about 30 seconds to actually show up in the conversation. I'm not referring to the time it takes to actually send, which would be fine, but physically show up in the conversation. On top of that, I can't send a text and then continue to my next text in that conversation until after the last text shows up. And all on top of that, I can't quickly move back and forth between conversations as it will keep going back to the last message I sent until the last message appears. I have spoken with AT&T; Tech Support and they couldn't do anything, now I'm going to have to do a full system restore and see if that kicks out any bugs in the OS. If that doesn't work, I'm taking it back to AT&T; and trying another Q10. If that still has the problems, I'm going to get a Samsung Galaxy S4.Please be aware that this is not just a personal issue, but blogs such as Blackberry and Crackberry, people all over are having this same issue and no OS update or resolution have been able to fix this problem. I will update if necessary, but if I don't, I've finally gone with a full touchscreen as I love the physical QWERTY keyboard. Its a disappointing problem as Blackberry was so confident with its marketing of the new 10s and multitasking through the new Hub software. Fingers are crossed for now that my issue somehow becomes resolved. Please heed this warning however because it may happen to you.***Update 6/25: I took the Q10 into AT&T; and they were as dumbfounded as I was. While there, I changed my mind about swapping for a new device and went with the Samsung Galaxy S4. I was hesitant to not only get a new device as I was worried it would occur in the future, but also with getting a full touchscreen keyboard as I have been Blackberry loyal for 10 years. I loved being able to feel the keys as I typed and not having to look down at the screen, much like typing on a computer keyboard, so it was an end of an era for me. Fortunately, the S4 was so much better in so many ways (ie, the keyboard is easy to get comfortable with and prediction is spot on but doesn't screw up your messages, and the S4 is so much more user-friendly and customizable than the bare bones Q10 - it seems like you can't customize anything with the Q10 like you used to be able to with the older BBs, and there are so many more useful apps available with the S4 - Gmail and Google Maps for two examples). So, with that said, in my review, I would definitely recommend doing away with a Blackberry and going with a more modern phone and be happier in the end after making the switch. This whole process was a huge let down and disappointment for me as I have been a big supporter of BB over the years, but this time they just fell flat on their face and let a lot of us loyal customers down. Still no patch or fix for the lagging of texts on the forums, so be aware.