I recieved this phone today , purchased it off ebay .. i WAS Very skeptical about getting a phone offline , especially ebay . there are a Bunch of scandals with any site tday when it comes to electronics but i talked to my seller and he took some hesitation away from me as i asked if it was or wasnt a refurbished phone , etc.I had the pantech jest phone txt8040 phone since dec. of 2009 or 2010 i cant remem. its been a while so wanted to upgrade .. A con with this phone is that is does not have an MP3 Player! and it has less choices of things than i had with the pantech jest .. i Love the keyboard and the pinkish-red color of some of the keyboard keys .. and i Love how small my phone is. When i recieved my pantech jest phone it was tiny and cute but this phone is Way Slimer and just the right size for me ..If you mainly Text and just Text then this is the phone for you .. i dont do anything else But text so i have the 20$ messaging bundle .. i dont talk on the phone or use the web so basically i got this phone just to upgrade .. in a texting manner.. my pantech jest was giving out on me with the battery and etc.. i wished this phone had a mp3 player but i can use my jest phone when i wanna hear music so thats not that big of an issue for me ..You cant do much with this phone & its really not a phone i would pay 50 $ a month for! The features suck lol so like i said thats why i only got this phone to text.. um the screen is way smaller than the jest phone and thats another dislike for me .. the picture taking looks very annoying so i think ill continue to take pics with my jest phone and transfer them to the PC with my SD card and then send the pics to my caper phone by email .The pictures i already sent to my caper phone looks very weird in my phone being that its soo small .. But other then what i said this is a perfect phone for a preteen .. since i know teens my age do more then text. im 17 , almost 18 but this phone works for me because the other stuff isnt really important to me , im use to just texting anyway.The Camera on this phone SUCKS .. if you take a full photo the phone is in your face and you have to back up if you dont want the phone in you face.. with my case the phone looks Hideous lol and its just very wierd looking!  / its complicated ..& its Not a smartphone! its a basic phone!**This phone comes with 10$ Airtime .. But if you transfer you original verizon number to the caper , you Will Not get the 10$ airtime** You'll have the same balance that you had before the number transfer.I'm just updating my review .. had this phone for two days now and um i dont like it at all . . at first i loved it but now that i founded out that the camera sucks i just really dislike the phone now ! It already is a downgrade from the jest i at least thought i could take nice pics with it but i cant . .