I've owned this phone almost a year now and just now getting to reviewing it.It has to be one of my favorite phones yet and I've owned quite a few phones. The S3 is a great phone to own for beginners. It's a very easy to navigate phone. Straight out of the box it's easily accessible.You need a google account to set up your phone when you first turn it on. Google account will hold all in the information about all the apps you download, your number, and much more.If you set up Facebook to your phone it will give you the option to sync your friends list with your contact list. So all your friends information is straight at your fingertips.I like the phone's swype feature while texting when I can't use both hands for whatever reason or I don't want to turn down the volume but want to quietly text.The phone's ringer is loud. My only complaint is when I turn my phone on silent or vibrate it does NOT silent the alarms set. I've been at a funeral thinking my phone was on silent when my 3pm alarm went off and was louder than ever. How embarrassing.The call quality is very nice. I have very few times where I've dropped a call but that very well could be because of the area I was in and not the actual phone itself. You can hear your callers clearly and loudly. There is an option to have 'noise reduction' turned on/off and there is also an option for extra volume turned on/off while on a call.Another complaint I have is when I am on the phone and need to do something like text message I will hit the 'home' key located in the middle of phone on the bottom. It will put the 'call screen' down and I can go to my home screen and do what I need to do. Unfortunately when I go to slide down the notification window so I can get back to my call my phone locks up and turns off. Every time my finger gets to the top bar it turns off, when i lift my finger away from the phone it turns back on. It's VERY frustrating because normally I cannot go back and do anything with the call until they hang up and end the call. Sometimes I can get around this by continuously doing it and eventually getting the notification window to slide down but most of the time I cannot.The 8MP camera is fairly good quality. I have some instances where my pictures turn out blurry or grainy but that's more than likely due to the light source and or shaky hands and not necessarily the phones fault. There are a lot of different options you can do with the phone automatically out of the box. Changing the photo from a negative, sepia, black and white, cartoonified, washed out, show just yellow, just red, just blue, and just green, solarize, posterize, and warm and soft vintage. If you want to crop or edit your photos you will need to download a different app though because nothing comes with the phone to do this.The battery life is decent. I can usually spend a total of 8 hours total with non-stop internet use (Facebook, Twitter, browser, etc) and get down to about a 30% battery. It usually takes all day for my battery to go down. I don't know how battery life is with non-stop streaming videos on say Youtube or Netflix because I don't use those often but when my children have it took a bit to run the battery down.  It takes roughly 2-3 full hours to charge the battery from 5% to full charge. I have absolutely no complaints about the battery life of this phone. It has been excellent for me.Overall, this is a great phone. The complaints I have are minor and more than likely users fault not the phones.