I've owned my Sony Xperia Neo V for 11 months now and I absolutely love it so I felt it was time to put in my user review. After a ton of research I felt that this was the absolute best bang for my buck. It's the perfect size for me. My son got an iphone 4s and my sister got an iphone 4 at the same time. All of them are fantastic phones but each have different qualities. Some better than the other.FYI - THE COMPARISONS MENTIONED BELOW WERE STRICTLY MADE OUT OF FUN AND BOREDOM ( :Pro's for Sony -* Browsing - My Sony was faster. It pulled up all video's and web pages quicker than both iphones.* Price - Sony was way cheaper to purchase new and unlocked. I paid $230 for mine with NO WIRELESS CONTRACTS* Cool widgets such as timescape and great customizing and organizing capabilities. (My son liked these features on my Sony better as far as this goes.)* Lot's of great aps that are FREE on android and NOT on apple.* HDMI port , FM radio* Was able to download a super easy ap called Double Twist that synced all my Itunes. (It even looks like itunes)* Nice color options and can take a SD card up to 32GB !  yeah !!* Screen display is 3.7 and the iphone is 3.5 however...the iphone screen is a little wider so it's a tie there.Con's for Sony -* NO COOL PHONE CASES or COVERS for Neo V !!! It's slim pickens for sure. I was able to find one case that I liked by MOMAX which I purchased right here off Amazon.  Iphone has a GA-ZILLION cool phone cases. UGH !!* Camera quality is very good for a cell phone but low light pics can sometimes have a pinkish purpleish tinge on them. It takes 3D photos but you can only view them on a 3D TV.  ( I'm not gonna lie the iphone camera quality is superb )Both Neo V and Iphone can take panaramic photos.* This phone is upgradable to ICS which is great BUT after reading countless reviews and blog sites I'm not gonna chance it. I'll stick with gingerbread. Supposively there are a lot of bugs with ICS that still need to be fixed.MY #1 COMPLAINT .........* The light sensor can not be disabled.I know it's supposed to help with battery drainage , eye strain etc. but sometimes no matter how dark the room is I want my screen to be super bright but it stays dim even at 100% maximum brightness. This is by far my #1 complaint. This phone has a really great display which would be beautiful if it could be even brighter. I JUST WANT THE OPTION TO DISABLE IT WITHOUT ROOTING !I use my Sony Neo V with Straight Talk wireless. It's fantastic and I had absolutely NO PROBLEMS setting it up. Phone worked within 5 minutes of calling ST and processing my Sim card. No problems with connections whatsoever.Bottom Line - I will definitely purchase another Sony Xperia phone in the future. (They have some really amazing phones they have just released) I feel that Sony offers a really great phone at an unbeatable price. Right now I'm loving my Neo V !