I bought mine in Feb. 2013 as a replacement for my 6 yr old Tracfone.  I'm in my 40's and wanted something more technologically advanced.  I read all of the instructions on the packaging and because I had previous experience with Tracfone, I also had a one year card already purchased and ready to go at activation. I transferred my old phone number to the new phone -which also transferred the minutes I had left on the old phone and my previously set up voicemail-(called during early afternoon hours)& my triple minutes were added within 20 minutes or so.  This phone has an incredible amount of features and I am still learning how to use them all.  The camera is not the best in low light situations and takes ok pictures but you can edit them, which I was surprized and pleased to learn. Playing with the phone for awhile will teach you a lot.  For instance, I was irritated with the fact that I kept accidentally hitting the internet browser until I discovered that you can hide it and this will no longer be a problem.  I had problems with my e-mail fitting on the screen, so I have since given up on trying to check my e-mail with it.  But there are lots of other things that I use it for, successfully.  Texting on the querty keyboard is awesome!  I really sucked at texting before and now I can keep up with most people, in conversation.  I liked this phone so much that I broke down and bought one for my 11 yr old son who had been begging me for a phone, ad-nauseum.  It enables me to keep in touch with him while I'm at work without disturbing anyone else, and now he teaches me about things I didn't know about the phone.  This phone would have received 5 stars from me except for 2 things:  Both my son and I have noticed that the phone will shut itself off and then turn itself back on, sometimes.... usually when we are texting fast and furiously. It doesn't happen all the time, just sometimes.  The second thing is the autolock feature that locks the phone up and you have to press it all the time to do anything with the touchscreen.  My son told me you can disable it by going to menu/settings/phone/autolock -and select never.  (However, you may want this feature on in your pocket or purse so you don't accidentally dial people).  Bottom line.....this is a great phone for the money.  I paid 29.00 for mine and 19.99 for my son's triple minute phone.  The year card is best for start up since you may lose track of time and it's a pain to remember to renew the time as well as the minutes..... and it would have been very expensive to buy a 200.00 phone and pay a monthly bill.  Oh, and one more thing... I live in a rural area and commute 54 miles to work one way, and I get service 99% of the time.  You will want to check your area to make sure you get good service coverage with your cell carrier.