In this age where Bluetooth, WiFi, touchscreen, mp3/video players, FM radio, GPS navigation, PDAs, memory expansion slots, voice recognition, web browsers, digital cameras, polyphonic ringtones, etc. are being incorporated into mobile phones, the LG 300 is a severely stripped-down phone that doesn't have ANY of the aforementioned features. It's just a barebones, no-frills phone that's reminiscent of the mobile phones in the 90's. Not surprisingly, then, the LG 300 is nothing to write home about.But I will say this -- the LG 300 is sleek and one of the most compact and lightweight mobile phones I've seen. The battery life on standby time is about 4 days. I can't speak to its battery life on talk time because I've never had a long enough phone conversation to determine it. It uses a lithium ion battery so there won't be a problem with "memory effect."If you need a basic cell phone for making an occasional call or for emergencies, this compact phone is a good deal and Net10 is a good service to go with:Free Phone----------Why buy this phone used or refurbed when you can get this brand new LG 300G Prepaid Phone (Net10) with 300 Minutes Included? For starters, for [...] bucks you get this phone PLUS 300 minutes. Since Net10 sells add-on 300 minutes in airtime for 30 bucks, you're in effect getting this phone for free.Cheap Rates-----------At 10 cents per minute for local or long distance calls, the Net10 phone service is simply the best deal. Text messages cost only 5 cents to send or receive.No Hidden Charges-----------------No wireless contracts or penalties for early cancellation. No roaming charges. 10 cents per minutes, plain and simple.Rollover minutes----------------If you buy more minutes before your old minutes expire, your old minutes will roll over and expire the same time as your new minutes. Minutes will keep rolling over for as long as add more minutes before your current minutes expire.The airtime available for purchase come in 150, 300, and 180 minutes:cost in dollars/airtime in minutes/expiration in days15/150/3030/300/60180/1800/603 Convenient Ways To Add Minutes--------------------------------You can add minutes by:1) buying Net10 phone cards2) buying airtime through the Net10 Website3) buying airtime directly from the LG 300 phone.To buy airtime directly from the phone, you are required to set up a PIN at the Net10 Website. You will be asked for this PIN whenever you add airtime through your phone.Decent Coverage---------------Net10 reportedly uses both AT&T; (formerly Cingular) and T-Mobile networks. Most of the time, I have no problems with coverage in my area, although I do get dropped calls every now and then.Frustrating Tech Support------------------------My only major complaint about Net 10 is their tech support (-1 star). I've had to call them on a few occasions. Their tech support, which is outsourced, is slow and getting through can sometimes feel like pulling teeth. For example, on one occasion, it took me 50 minutes on the phone with them to transfer my number from this LG300G phone to a new one.The worse was yet to come. On another occasion, I was told matter-of-factly that it would take up to 72 hours to get my number transferred. "72 hours?!" I cried. The response I received was a nonchalant "72 hours. It takes up to 72 hours to transfer you number. Don't call before 72 hours." I was incensed. After 48 hours, I called them again, and this time another operator (who sounded slightly more intelligent) managed to get my number transferred within a couple of minutes. The moral of the story: Net 10 is a descent service to go with provided you don't have to make too many tech support calls (I haven't had to call them for anything other than transferring my phone number to a new phone). You have been forewarned.Conclusion----------The Net 10 service offers the cheapest prepaid cell phone service. Despite the less-than-stellar customer service and tech support, I'd recommend the Net 10 LG300G Prepaid Phone for making an occasional call or for emergencies.