This review is for the 16GB, blue, Verizon S3.Owned for 5 days now, and played with extensively, but not rooted.  Fantastic upgrade from my Droid X.  ICS by itself is worth the price ($199 from the Verizon store, btw).  Hardware seems plenty fast despite not being the quad-core international version.  16 GB + a 32 GB sd card gives me plenty of storage.  4G LTE is blazing fast at my location (SE Michigan).ICS, how do I love thee?  I can finally disable all the annoying Verizon (& Samsung) apps w/o rooting (though you need to root to fully uninstall them).  Multitasking is greatly improved (hint: long-press home button).  Stock apps are almost good enough to stick with (almost, not quite, esp. the keyboard & browser).Hardware: good camera, fantastic AMOLED display.  Pentile, sure, but can you really tell?  HD movies look gorgeous and play smoothly.  Decent speaker for speakerphone or listening to podcasts.  The display is huge, and the phone is a bit big for one-handed operations, but it's also thin and fits in your pocket no problem.  Oh, and it looks great.  Almost a shame to put a case on it.Good battery life.  I've been going a full day on a single charge with medium-heavy usage with plenty to spare.  Not watching movies or anything that requires the LCD to be on for hours at a time, obviously, but for most usage, you should be fine just plugging in at night.Nitpicks:Major 1 - Power button placement on the right, usb port on the bottom.  I'm hitting the volume keys on the left far too often when turning on/off the phone.  Could just be personal preference as I'm used to the power button on top on the Droid.  USB port on the bottom makes no sense though.Major 2 - No MSC (Mass Storage Control) transfer, only MTP & PTP.  Less flexibility in dragging & dropping files, folders, etc from your computer.  Sure, there are ways around this, but is annoying nonetheless.Minor - so, yeah, big display, and if you have small-ish hands, 1-handed operations are risky, esp w/the somewhat slippery case.  I don't actually mind the plastic construction--doesn't feel "cheap" to me at all--but I'll likely get a TPU case for the grippiness.Shortcuts on your lockscreen is a great feature!  Except you have to unlock the phone to actually launch the apps.  Why can't I turn on my flashlight or calculator (zero security risks) on demand?  No ring/vibrate switch from the lockscreen either.Anyway, plenty of software nits that can be fixed by downloading replacement apps or rooting.  Really, it's the MSC & power button that might tempt me to leave the G3 a 4* review, but honestly, I just love the phone to death right now, which is kind of the bottom line.  Maybe it was just the degree of upgrade after 2 years, but whatever, it's a fantastic phone that I was happy to pay full price for at launch, instead of waiting a month or two for it to get discounted.Edit: 7/26.  Added thoughts after 2 weeks of ownership and experience of travel (air & driving) with the phone (because this review wasn't long enough!).Pro - GPS locks very quickly.  The DX took a long time to lock onto GPS signals, but the SG3 is almost instantaneous when outdoors (or inside of a car that is outdoors).  Gets rid of a huge peeve for my previous phone.Pro - Camera features work well, esp. the Best Shot mode.  Took some very nice pictures at a wedding.Con - Button placement redux (see Major 1 above).  I asked many people to take pictures for me, and they invariably hit the volume button by accident which operates the digital zoom.  Very natural to place your left thumb there in landscape mode.  A good case might alleviate this.Semi-con - This is 100% on me, but don't get too cocky about the Gorilla Glass 2.  I managed to scratch it a tiny bit in the 2 weeks thinking it was invincible, and it's not.  Keys & coins may be fine, but rough kitchen surfaces are not (granite, sandstone, etc).  Buy a protector.