Let me stress, this is a warning about connecting your phone with Kitty Wireless, it is NOT applicable to Page Plus or to the Palm Pixi Plus cell phone.  However, since the most prominent review here specifically recommends connecting this phone thru Kitty Wireless, I feel compelled to warn everybody to watch out for their "honest and upright" pretense and seeming dedication to customer service.That's because, as soon as they get your credit card number, that niceness comes to a halt.  That is what happened to me and it has now cost me $55 and a whole day waiting in vain for them to start my service.For two days they were indeed very, very helpful.  They explained my phone, responded rapidly to every email inquiry and (tellingly) walked me thru a very long "application" process which demanded not just a lot of extra, personal information, but required me to fine tune my bank debit card records to satisfy their secret formula for "preventing fraud".  If you check their website, you'll see they spend quite some time on their high horse about their commitment to honesty and preventing fraud.  And they are ever so helpful...At one point I got busy and didn't get back to the application for part of a day, so they sent me an e-mail reminding me I was nearly done, even providing a link to take me directly to the step where I had left off.  I was quite impressed.  When I had completed everything, their rapid, efficient system processed my card in less than one second, took my money, issued me a receipt ... and that was the last I heard from them.  I waited all day for the phone to be turned on or to hear something from the company.It was not until I'd sent 3 emails, at 11 o'clock at night, hours after they closed and even longer since they promised to activate my phone that I got a boilerplate response from Kitty Wireless informing me that they had cancelled my order because something in my *application* seemed suspicious.  They would refund my money, but it would be 4-5 business days or longer and no guarantees.  This wasn't their fault, it said, but didn't say whose fault it was or what I could do about it.And that was that.  If I had any questions, tough, don't waste your time asking questions, the email said, as it is Kitty Wireless policy not to discuss these decisions AT ALL with anyone, especially not with anyone who triggered their fraud suspicions.  If and when you ever get your money back you are welcome to spend it elsewhere.God knows what they are really up to, but they couldn't be more wrong in my case.  I did send them an email asking them to clarify how long the wait would be for my refund and  I got an amazingly rude reply that was definitely not machine-generated.  I'll give them this, even when they're abusing you, they do it with a personal touch -- unless they're ignoring you after they've got your money.There you go.  This really happened to me.  I don't know why they accepted my money if there was something wrong with my application anymore than I know why they require such an intrusive "application" or why it supposedly takes them a week to give a refund that Page Plus and the credit card company will provide in a few minutes.  As much as they brag about fighting fraud, their actions suggest the opposite.  I would definitely not patronize them.