It was contract renewal time, so visions of new phones for myself and my family danced through my head. I'd been pouring over every detail of the droid phones and the iPhone. My 14 year old son asked..."Aren't they running out of things for phones to do?" I laughed, but then I thought about his question.It's a loaded question and I knew what he was getting at. The silliness of the phone 'pissing contest' with all the youtube videos comparing one to another. The giant screens. Useless gimmicks like `Siri'I decided to stop, take a breath, and decide what I truly needed in a PHONE. I had 160 apps on my Droid and I literally used about 10-15 of those. The rest were part of the 'pissing contest' ("Hey, do you see what my phone can do!? Bro-stache! Voice warping software! 3D games!")I needed 100% accuracy in texts and emails. Clear phone calls. At least a workdays worth of battery life (10 hours of heavy usage). Contacts and calendar sync with gmail. `To do' list. The ability to handle multiple email accounts, including Exchange. A simple, decent camera. Medical apps like Epocrates. Music apps like Pandora, Shazaam, Slacker radio. Utilities like Evernote, Dropbox. You get the idea. Mostly as a functioning phone, a real phone with organizing tools, but with a few entertainment things.First let me say that it is truly a beautiful phone. Slim, sleek, stunning design. One of the best LOOKING phones ever. The touch screen is vivid, crisp, and clear.Now, about my `needs' from my PHONE.Accuracy. I am a physican at a busy hospital and we communicate with each other EXTENSIVELY via text throughout the day. The main problem I'd had with my Droid Incredible was the virtual keyboard. If I spent an hour a day texting, literally 15 minutes of that time would be erasing incorrect 'auto corrections'. My thumbs will never get smaller, I will always hit the wrong keys on a virtual keyboard. I had several keyboards on the Droid with very sophisticated prediction software, learning the words I used most, etc. It will never be good enough. iPhone keyboard is far worse, with absolutely horrid options for customization. Blackberry 9930 keyboard is the best thing I've ever typed on. I've never used a BB before but I took to it instantly.Instead of BB's stupid Bold commercial showing bicyclists with glow-in-the-dark wheels driving around, they need to show me at the hospital smashing my virtual keyboard phone against the wall....then cut away to me smiling as I discover what typing on a phone can be like. Stunning. If texting, emailing, and accuracy are important to you, don't underestimate this keyboard as it truly separates this phone from anything else available.Clear, loud phone calls. EXCELLENT noise reduction. People hear me and I hear them. Perfect.Battery is decent. BB users are not thrilled because they are spoiled with 2 days of use in their old, slow, no feature phones. This thing is fast, with a brilliant screen, and it needs juice. I am thrilled with it because I come from the land of Droid where you have to charge the phone multiple times per day. It gets me through long days. I bought the extra battery with dual charger from Amazon, but I have not had to use the second battery yet. There's a HUGE extended battery available, but it makes it look nuts. Some people don't mind, but I love the sleek look, so I will never get that.Syncs with gmail, contacts, calendar. Not as smoothly/thoroughly as Droid devices, of course, but it works very well.Multiple email accounts no problem. POP, IMAP, Exchange.LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the camera! It doesn't have `auto focus' it has some sort of way to focus on everything at the same time. Forget what they call it? IT DOES NOT TAKE CLOSE-UP PICTURES WELL! So, if you are buying your phone with a need for close-up photos, this phone will not suit you. The dedicated camera key is soooo convenient. Why is this not on every phone? Fast, clear, fun to take pictures.BB app world has an atrocious set up. It's confusing, some apps are not represented in BB app world, you have to go to the developer web site to get many programs, app world constantly signs you out when you are browsing on the computer, etc. But most of the major apps are available, and they work fine. Everything I need is available. You too will be fine with apps, it will just take a little digging. App world needs some work.OH, one of the things I love the absolute most about this phone is the INSTANT UNIVERSAL SEARCH! Start typing and the phone starts searching your apps, your texts/emails, contacts, etc for matches. You can set it up so it searches just the things you want it to search. It's amazing and it's INSTANT. It's better than iPhone's swipe (that's already an extra step), and type (on the virtual keyboard that sucks), and it includes INSTANT WEB SEARCHES AS YOU TYPE VIA BING!! Amazing. (As an aside, I love google search and I think you can set it to that, but I'm finding Bing's TV commercials are pretty accurate. I'm getting too much irrelevant information on google. Bing is pretty impressive.)I suggest you sit down and write out what you need from your phone. This BB will NEVER beat iPhone and the latest Droids for speed, apps, screen size, gaming. But, it doesn't need to because it's a better PHONE.Love this phone. My wife got the Galaxy Nexus as did one of my sons. My other boy got an iPhone 4S. I feel that my choice is a better actual functioning phone. I LOVE IT. However, I won't win the `pissing contest' as they are downloading the latest 3D Magic 8-ball app.