Well, this phone upgrade was messy on account of the fact I originally upgraded to the LG800 (touch screen, triple minutes) because it was the only triple-minutes phone Fred Meyer carried in store and I thought I could make it work. Interface was clunky and touch screen imprecise. Hated it... So, I decided to upgrade the upgrade to the Samsung T404G (which I would have bought in the first place had F.M. actually stocked it).Went to Tracfone's site, switched service to new phone. Didn't pay much attention to the minutes transfer or thought it meant something else. You see, I'd bought the LG800, put 1000 minutes on it (total cost ~$200; $40 [phone] + $160 [1000 minutes]) which tripled to 3000 minutes. Well, after the xfer, I only had 1100 minutes on my phone. Apparently the 2000 minutes are considered "bonus minutes" and don't transfer between phones. WTF?? Sent customer service an e-mail. They told me the 2000 minutes wouldn't trasfer from one phone to the next. I told them that was unacceptable, so they tried calling me (at my grandma's house?? apparently there was an old alternate number associated with the account). Finally I called their customer service on a landline (no sense wasting 30 airtime minutes just to get back my minutes that should never have been lost in the first place). About 20 minutes later, I had all my 3000 minutes back. Yay for that.So, the phone... I like this new phone. I liked my old Samsung T305G, so I was pretty sure I'd like this new phone as well. And I do. It functions pretty much the same as the old T305G. Except the 'back' button is sometimes co-opted for other functions, such as on the screen for entering phone number information or text messages. In those instances to back out of the screen you have to push Power/End rather than the usual 'back' button. But I can adapt. It's fine.Ohh, and for some reason the LG800 wouldn't access my voicemail either. That was weird. I'd hit the key for it and would just get a message "could not complete your call as dialed." So I had a voicemail on it for several days I couldn't access. The Samsung T404G connected immediately with no issues and I picked up my message straight out of the gate.Honestly, the keypad really is a nice feature. I like it, even though the phone feels a little bulkier than the old T305G. Definitely easier for me than the old way of texting with the numeric keypad. But occasionally for certain inputs it still seems a little clunky. Took me a while to figure out how to input symbols like the ampersand, parens, etc. But, overall, I definitely like it more than the LG800 and about on par with the T305G I'm not sure if the battery life is QUITE as good? But it certainly seems to keep a decent charge for several days turned on in the pocket. But when the battery gets low it seems pretty insistent on "battery low, please recharge." Don't know how much time was left before it would have shut off after receiving that message. It felt pretty urgent, but I didn't manage to completely drain it, so maybe there was more talk time left.All said, if you're looking for a triple minutes phone, I definitely recommend this one over the LG 800G. Though I have noticed the face is much more prone to picking up scratches and showing smudges/fingerprints than the old T305G. So, there's that. But overall, I still think this is the right phone for me for the moment. Minutes transfer issue aside. Once that was resolved, I've come to like this phone as the next iteration beyond the T305G. So, if you like your T305G and want to upgrade to triple minutes & a keypad, I think you'll like this one.