I have the iphone 3gs and bought this for my travels out of the country, mostly to Costa Rica which uses 3G @ 1900 frequency (same as att). Since the new iphone is timed to replace the millions who upgraded to the 3gs I imagine many may wish the comparison points I will make here- 1st you can change the sim card when you travel so this huge ! To have a smart phone that is on par with an iphone to take wherever I go for very low cost is great. Also iit has internal storage of 16 gig and you can add an additional 16 gig card for very low cost. As well I was told you can bump it up to a 32 gig card. Apple wants a lot of $ for the extra memory in all its devices clearly a rip off when memory is now cheap. Ok the new iphone still has no ability to read flash...What is up with that?? I guess there was some feud with adobe and apple (yes everyone hates adobe for incesant udate prods and price gouge but to restrict cuttomers from navigating to certain sites will in the end hurt apple.It is obvious apple does not want you to shop on amazon so they restrict the abulity to fully use the site.It seems un-democratic and petty not to mention a pain in the ass not to be able to listen to music or watch certan videos. I dig previewing music on amazon which has so much more eclectic and rare downloads with better bitrates. Also I can read adobe pdf files perfectly. Also there are all the same apps for the phone, available on amazon or marketplace. I use Stitcher, Sonos music system, Netlix,etc  all the apps are the same which I really had no idea since I have used itunes .I know the battery use has improved with the new iphone 4 but this phone lasts incredibly longer than my 3Gs .Using an iphone during a call and your battery dies is  the most maddening thing, is, as after you plug the phone in, it takes the phone a minimum 5 minutes to re boot. This phone starts right up-The camera is fantastic it has a good processor with rich color and good in low or bright light situations.  I  use an in camera hdr processor and it is so fast with the dual processors that it turns out  great results. the iphone 3Gs was Very Slow w/HDR However the new iphone has the similar flash and 8 megapix I found the light meter very good, night shots are surprisinglygood.I have a Lumix LX5 which is one of the top cameras and the auto flash in the same scenes were very close. The sound chip is better in this than the iphone the speaker while mono is much better than the 3gs and as well the ear buds given with the phone are leaps ahead of those horrible standard issue white apple ear  buds that sound really bad and never fir your ears. I just returned from costa rica and have a very remote jungle home. Imagine my joy at being able to stream a netflix movie on the much larger screen on this phone! I did not intend this review to knock the iphone as I love the iphone, I just feel that since the new iphone came up a bit short of my expectations  no flash same size etc) this is at least as good and better in some areas. I was planning on buying the new iphone for my wife and I, as our contracts are up, but since lackluster iphone 4 reports are in, come on apple all you did was fix the lousy atennae and add voice prompt which this phone has.... Put in 2 processors which this phone has.I cant see how the new iphone is an improvement over this. The only downside for an ex iphone-ee is there is a learning curve and you have to set everything up with a google account and somehoJw it keeps wanting me to "synch" everything so I finally did, not knowing what I was doing , lost ALL my phone numbers and gained 1000 skype contacts with invalid numbers.So there you are,the last statement explains why this not a technical review!! I promise however, my 5 year old and I will be using the 2 cameras on this phone to do 2 way international video skype for pennies/minute. Finally, the greatest apps for international travellers are skype and stitcher which lets you listen to essential podcasts at your leisure.Netflix once you get the app with your account in the US has an app to tweak for overseas useage .The wife may want the familiarlity as will many blindly line up to order the new apple phone. This may be the one to break the chain . I am ready for a new mac but phones drive their profits so I think we just saw a major mistep. Im keeping this phone.