Targeted simultaneously at several of the competition phones, this one packs in enough to make you like it over several others in its category. I have been using the phone over the last couple of months, and have been deliberately taken my time to post this review but still I haven't found too many glitches. Previous to this one I was using an i-Mate SP3i; another smart phone, which wasn't really one. Well, SE W950i is a smart phone and it lives up to it.A Very Simple and Neat UI is what is strikes you first. The Screen is crisp and reponds well. The Stylus that accompanies it may take a while getting used to, more-so if you are used to longer styluses but once you get used to it, it's pretty comfortable. There are three parallel ways to use the phone - the three way Scroll Wheel (which I personally LOVE and find the best), a touch screen and the keyboard. The Handwriting recognition may take some time getting used to, but once you are through it works well. Dedicated buttons for all your walkman features are also an add on to simplify life. The instrument itself is not bulky at all; weighs decent and measures much thinner than the positively Obese Nokia N-Series offerings.The OS manages multi tasking much better than Windows Mobile, since it kills the LRU process (sometimes even all the processes, sadly) when overloaded, but prevents itself from crashing. Although I must say that once this one hangs (pretty rare; i've faced it twice in 3 months), even the power button wouldn't turn it off; you'll have to disconnect and reconnect the battery. Task Switching is way smoother than Windows Mobile and even the previous Symbian Releases. This is notable specially when receiving a call while listening to music. The call engages and disengages very smoothly.Music; the prime reason for me loving this phone. The response times of the internal memory are decent and the playback is phenomenal. The earphones that ship with it are way better than those that ship with an iPod. Thoughtfulness of their design team is clear when you see the charger which allows you to connect the headset even while charging - at the same port. The headphones have a standard audio jack which means you can use any headset with it, but unlike the other phones with Audio Jacks, this one has it on the Handsfree set, instead of the phone - use your headset and still answer call with the same one by using your handsfree mic. The Walkman remote could've used a few more functions (like a radio button and press-forward on the Next button) but it is functional and handy. The Music Player itself is not only good in L&F;, it also performs well. Beware though; it won't play any distorted MP3s. (Those songs you ripped off your scratched Disc, which your PC plays with slight 'klik-klik'? Yeah, they are no good on this phone.) The Video Quality is about the same as the iPod. While one can never fit his entire collection onto the 4GB (I can't even on an 80 GB iPod), nevertheless you CAN fit your active library into 4GB and it's fairly easy to sync as need be. (If you can't wait for the 8GB w960i)At this price tag, most people are looking for a do-it-all phone, which unfortunately this one isn't, cause it lacks a camera. Understandably, while Nokia has chosen to go the integrate-all-devices-into-a-phone way; SE is going a way I understand more - user profile specific phones. So this one here is targeted at the user who is looking for a rich music phone with Business capabilities to add to it. Please note that this isn't a business phone with a music capabilities like the offerings of O2, HP, Palm etc. However, the phone by no means compromises on the features provided. It integrates well with all possible applications you use for your work; Outlook (even 2007) can be easily configured too; Word Processing Applications can be added. If one accepts that he ain't possibly going to make his Cellphone a replacement for his Laptop and Broadband connectivity; you wouldn't really miss Wi-Fi. For all your on the fly work, this one suits just fine. Quite a few useful applications pre-configured with your phone Like RSS Reader and Play Now, come into handy use.With all of the above, one expects Battery life to pretty much disappoint; here's where SE show their true power. I've personally used the Phone to play 14 hours of music (with All Phone features turned on); Read a few RSS feeds, made about an hour of calls and still not run out of battery! The battery charges very fast and gives you atleast a day's worth of playback and phone usage (even if you are always doing one of the two). Forget about running out of power. Period.Set your priorities right - If Music tops them, this phone is for you; If it doesn't, look elsewhere.