This is a great phone for the price.  It's actually a great phone regardless of the price.  If you don't want to spend a fortune on a new fangled smartphone, this one is defiantly worth looking into.  Here is a list of its pros and cons:Pros-Music/Video player is great and easy to use.-Camera starts up quickly and takes great photos. Probably not as nice as an iPhone, but definitely good enough to post on facebook or whatever.-Video recorder is great, and records in HD.-The FM radio is awesome.-The Wifi works flawlessly.-Battery life is surprisingly good for such a small phone.-The phone is tiny, and fits easily in your pocket.-The screen size is just right.  You would not want it any smaller, but it's big enough as is to navigate the web.-People complain about the touch screen, but it works great.  I have no trouble texting or navigating the device's menus.-The texting interface (and on screen keyboard) is nice and very usable.-The on screen keybord will switch from portrait to full screen landscape without a hitch when the phone is rotated.-The 700+ MHZ processor is VERY responsive, and handles some pretty tuff apps.-MP4 videos/movies and photos look FANTASTIC on the high res display.-Quad band GSM is great, and allows you to make voice calls almost anywhere in the world.-The voice quality is great.Cons-There is no slider to lock/unlock the phone.  The phone can be unlocked by pressing any of its 4 buttons, then touching the screen where it says "unlock".  The device has unlocked itself from within my pocket and randomly called people, which is really annoying.-The phone uses the Symbian OS.  Symbian is OK and totally usable once you get the hand of its menus, but lets face it, you won't see it on many future devices (Android is the future).  Thus you are slightly limited on free downloadable apps.  But having said that, the OS really is OK.-A tiny microscopic LED flashes on the side of the phone when you have a message.  This is cool, but the LED is too small and not really useful.-The phone does not support H.264 videos (the Vivaz pro does though).  You can download a Symbian app to play H.264 encoded videos, but the phone does not have the hardware to play it smoothly.-When you load new media, you have to actively tell the built in media player to search for the new content.  It takes the phone a while to find the new stuff too.-If your Wifi network does not broadcast the SSID, you must manually enter it each time you connect.-Ringtones must be limited to 350 kb in size.-The interface for selecting a ringtone is ridiculous.  You cannot browse to folders on the phone to select one.  The phone simply display a list of music files that are < 300kb.  If you have a LOT of files, the list is nearly impossible to navigate.-The interface for viewing pictures could be better.  Its not a deal breaker, but for a Sony device they could have done a better job.-The built in web browser is old and buggy.  But this is easily fixed by downloading the latest Opera browser (free download).  It runs like a champ and has all the bells and whistles.Overall, this is a great phone for the price.  It has all the features of a smartphone in a tiny package.  If it had the Android OS and H.264 support, this phone would be legendary.  As it is, its a great device well worth the money.  Good job Sony.