I had an iPhone 4 that I actually paid full price for and turned into an AT&T; GoPhone.  Long story short -- I didn't think I'd need access to a data plan, which you can't get on an iPhone unless you pay the ridiculous price of at least $70 a month and lock yourself into a 2 yr. contract, but I did need access to some on my MAC documents and syncing was so easy between the MacBook Pro and the iPhone 4. But I wound up with over $200 worth of unused minutes on the GoPhone plan that, as this is pretty much a casual-use phone, I knew I'd never use up.  So, I decided to use all that money just sitting in my GoPhone account by switching to the Fusion 2 Android phone at the $25 a month plan, and buying a $5 a month data plan -- which has turned out to be a great choice.I don't use the internet much on the phone, but on a few occasions I've found it valuable, especially retrieving important email I was waiting for.  I've found a great program called SmoothSync (paid about $2.50 for it) that syncs my iCal calendar with a great free calendar program called Business Calendar - a life saver.  I found a great app called Zedge where I get free ringtones and great wallpaper.  I use a Brother printer and with the Brother app I can print from my Fusion2. I lucked out over the holiday and got OfficeSuite Pro 6 free and the free A.I.Type Keyboard with the Swipe function -- which is a true marvel.  I've got all my AngryBird games, my Kindle app for reading my books while waiting at the doctor's office, and a ton of other goodies -- all for free on Amazon's Android Apps site and on Google Play.I really love this phone and will never go back to an iPhone -- the price is absurd, the iPhone is heavier in my purse, Apple won't allow you to use it with a data plan without locking in for 2 yrs. to $70 a month plan, you can't get apps except thru the App Store unless you jailbreak you phone.  With the Fusion 2 GoPhone I now have access to the internet and am not locked into a contract of any kind, I can get great apps from different vendors (sometimes on sale or for free!), the phone is lighter, I get better voice quality on this phone than on the iPhone, the screen quality is excellent -- I could go on and on.I've had at least a dozen cell phones in the last 12-15 years and can honestly say this is my favorite.  If there's one thing I could change it would be that I'd really prefer that AT&T; change their plan and make it like the non-smartphone plan which allows your unused minutes and data plan to roll over and to come down on the price of the monthly plan.  I used to pay $100 a year for my GoPhone, now it's going to be from $30-$40 a month depending on which data plan I purchase each month.  But still -- it's one of the best deals around.  Straight Talk's $45 a month plan sounds pretty good, but in my area the coverage isn't great quality.