As a previous owner of other rival phones (e.g.- iPhone, Android, Blackberry), I am extremely satisfied with the overall performance of Nokia's new arrival, the N8.  After a week of use, I find myself being continuously impressed and rarely disappointed.  Its most stand-out feature, of course, being the beefy 12 MP Carl Zeiss camera. The capabilities and features embodied in this addition rival most stand-alone digital cameras.  The editing tools and other options, via apps and widgets pertaining to the camera, just add to the already impressive capabilities of the hardware.Also, the Cymbian^3 OS is an improvement from previous Nokia OSs and it is way ahead of its competitors in terms of stability and overall function. Most surprising is the ease at which the phone can be navigated and settings can be modified.  Like with most open-source phones, every ounce of memory and seemingly limitless control is at the user's fingertips.  The interface is very easy-to-use and Nokia provides many useful tips in the form of notifications, which can be disabled if necessary, to inform the user about some capabilities that may be passing them by.Going back to hardware, the phone has a number of convenient attributes. The scratch-resistant, and nearly damage-proof, gorilla glass screen is something all phones should consider using in the future.  This is one of the few phones that manages to combine durability and responsiveness, without making any sacrifices.  The HDMI and mini-USB jacks are a wonderful addition as well when you consider the opportunities they provide.I could continue to praise every little thing about this phone, but I should conclude with a few notable shortcomings. Most apparent, especially for those who previously owned an iPhone or Android phone, would be the severe lack of apps on the Ovi store. Those users interested in frivolous, time-wasting apps will not be satisfied with the currently destitute app store. Although many of the apps and widgets available are not geared toward fun as much as function, previous users of those app-rich phones might feel lost in the world of Nokia. Another downfall is the standard web browser for the N8. Its clunky, non-responsive operations seem out of place in the phone's otherwise efficient OS.  Fortunately, Nokia is aware of this issue and it is something that can easily be improved via a simple update.  Finally, like many phones of its kind, battery life may prove to be a hindrance.  It is difficult to say that the battery life of the N8 is any worse than any of its competitors and users can easily figure out ways of improving battery life. I only note this because I have been led to believe, by several reviews, that this phone boasted an extremely long battery life, while what I am experiencing is average at best.In closing, I can honestly say that this is the best phone that I have ever used in terms of overall capability, reliability, and durability. Those of you looking for the next big thing, deciding between the iPhone or Android, or even just looking to try something new, I implore you to give the Nokia N8 a shot.  You won't be disappointed.