I really love this phone. First a little background on the phones I have owned in the last 5 or 6 years. I had an N95 8G, an E71, a 5800 and was currently using an N85. All were unlocked phones used on AT&T.; I replaced my n85 with this C6-01.For some of you Nokia junkies I will make comparisons to other phones so that you may get an idea if you own those particular phones.Some very positive things I must get out of the way:The screen is awsome. It is the AMOLED like my N85. It is so much better than the washed out screen on the 5800 I was using. Also glass here instead of plastic. The screen is excellent out in the bright sun as well where as the 5800 screen was unusable.This capacitive touch screen is so much better than the resistive that I had on the 5800. Immediate response to your touch. It is wonderful. No repeated poking to try to get a response. I much prefer my fingertips to the stylus.The camera is wonderful. It is right on par with the excellent camera on my N85. Nothing like the horrible cameras on the E71 and 5800.Now I have no problem with battery life as some have had. I am getting 2 to 3 days of moderate use before having to charge. The first day I had it I had to charge after only  24 hours but I was using it constantly getting all of my settings right, downloading software updates, programs, taking pictures and videos.One more thing on battery life. After setting up my home WLAN and my 2 email accounts I quickly realized you should turn off scannning for WLANs and push mail. If you push your mail all day long and leave that WLAN scanner on all day long you will be charging the phone in less than 24 hours.Do yourself a favor and upgrade the phone to Nokia Belle OS. You will thank me. It doesn't take very long to do and the phone is a lot more user friendly. Just go to the SW update in settings and it will guide you thru the installation.About the only negative I can find about this phone is that when sending emails, texts, mms, etc., the on screen key board is a little small for big fingers. I have adjusted and gotten used to it so it is not a big problem for me.Now let me admit I have not had the phone long so I will come back and do an update in a month or so. So far so good. Excellent phone with an absolutely beautiful screen, an awsome camera and great call quality.UPDATE: 05 November 2012I have had the phone for around 2 months now. Still in love with it. It is one of the best Nokias I have ever owned and I have owned a lot of them.1 New Pro on this phone is the GPS. It seems like every time I get a new Nokia the GPS locks on faster than the last one. This one is no exception. This GPS is lightning fast even in my home but outside it is locked on in seconds.1 Con is the battery life. I found that when I went out of town without my PC and had to check email and use my phone to surf the internet and of course phone calls and text messages, I was having to charge the phone every 12 to 24 hours. I guess it is just the price to pay for that beautiful screen. Now that I am back and just talking and texting on it, I am back to charging about every 2 to 3 days. So I am still very happy with that.Still give this phone a 5 star rating. Great camera, great GPS, great call quality, great everything other than battery life. But I can live with that.UPDATE: 07 September 2013I have been using this phone for 1 year now. Still works perfect. Have no complaints at all other than as I mentioned before, battery life with heavy usage, which I have adapted to. Great phone. Will probably go another year with it.