Just got my N8 today, it is beautiful but I was shocked at how thin it was, and how uncomfortable it was to hold while making a call, as compared to my trusty 9 year old Nokia 6310i--which felt really comfortable to hold.  Without a case, it seems the N8 would easily slip out of the hand, so I need to hold it tight, but the thin form factor make it difficult and uncomfortable to hold.  Does anyone else  feel this way?  Definitely needs a case for more bulk.  A pack of cigarettes is more comfortable to hold because there is some thickness to grip.Another thing I noticed was that the phone was very warm to the touch after making a 20 minute call.  Don't know if this is typical of this model.What I am trying to figure out is how I can get on the Internet with this phone if I do not have a data plan.  From all the comments that I have read prior to buying the phone, I still don't know.  I have cable broadband at home, and a wi-fi router.  I tried to set up my gmail but it would not take.  How can one send and receive email without a data plan?I have AT&T; Wireless--they are forcing me to change out of my Nokia 6310i due to "system upgrades", and want to discontinue my grandfathered early evenings (after 7:00 PM) plan.  I have been with AT&T; for 13 years.  I went to T-Mobile and they said I could still use my Nokia 6310i on their plan, and tested my phone with their SIM card--so why does AT&T; say I won't be able to use my old phone anymore?  I used to have web access on my old phone, and texting, but AT&T; discontinued them due to their "system upgrades."Some comments indicated that with an unlocked phone like the N8, one does not need to subscribe to a data plan.  How does that work?  The premise is that the unlocked phone's unsubsidized price would be made up by savings on the data plan.  But how?After I have some time with the N8, I will write a review of it, but right now, I am perplexed about how to access the Internet and email without a data plan.  I will keep it if I can have such access.  Otherwise, I am not sure, even though I am partial to Nokia phones--got 9 years out of my trusty 6310i with no problems, whatsoever, and still going strong, but for AT&T.;  I have a hard-wired Nokia car kit with speaker, handset and antenna, so I was and am reluctant to change out--it is so convenient to just plug the 6310i into the holder and have it charging while making hands free calls.Any advice and comments would be appreciated.>>>>>>Now that I have had the phone for a while, and with the Anna update, which was so frustratingly slow to be released, the phone is fine.A problem is that when making a call, if one's cheek touches the screen, get disconnected.They should have designed it so the battery can be easily swapped, since the phone needs daily charge.  On my Nokia 6310i, I kept extra batteries and just swapped batteries at will.As an unlocked phone, with pre-paid T-mobile and wireless, it is working out fine.  Will switch to SimpleMobile in future since they have $40 monthly unlimited plan with data and no sales tax.