I purchased this phone about a year ago. Overall, I have been impressed with it's quality. I chose this phone for 2 main reasons: I wanted a cell phone with very good battery life and one that could take quality pictures (for a cell phone) and save them to external memory. There are some cons to this phone but I have not had any issues with the phone randomly turning off.Pros:-Battery life; My last cell phone was also an LG and it had great battery life, as does this phone. After a year of use it still can last me about a full week on a single charge while using it mostly for occasionally taking pictures and texting (I do not send or receive calls often).-Camera; I knew what to expect of a 3mp camera and this phone has pleasantly exceeded my expectations. I mostly take pictures of animals. My pets and animals at a shelter I volunteer at. Often times I will take a picture with this phone that blows me away. I did not expect to be able to take pictures of animals that are running towards me to turn out perfectly clear and with no blur. But this happens quite frequently. It struggles more with sideways motion, but not as much as I would have thought. The camera is definitely the most impressive feature of the enV3.-Texting; I like the feels of the keys and the full keyboard makes texting a breeze. I also love that it can store a lot of texts before you need to start erasing some. I currently have 430 texts in my inbox and it says it is 90% full. There is a "Favorites" button that lets you quickly start messaging any person you add to it, which is a nice feature for frequent texters.-Camcorder; Nothing special about this but it works well for what it is and I like that you can capture videos for up to an hour for saving or up to 30 seconds for sending(and saving).-Layout; You can customize the menu screens a few different ways to look how you want, menu navigation is easy once you get the hang of it, and there is a shortcuts button(the right arrow on the inside keypad) that lets you quickly bring up 4 different applications of your choosing.-Calling; I have no complaints about sound or voice quality.Cons:- Pocket pressing/random button pressing; This phone does have a keyguard function that you can activate if you want where it forces you to press the OK button once or twice in order to unlock your phone. This should prevent pocket presses, but it doesn't. I always have it on to press OK twice since I carry the phone in my front pocket and often wear jeans. Still, I will frequently find random numbers punched into my phone and even find them saved as contacts sometimes. If this happens to you, I urge you to go to the voice command settings and turn off the voice command funtion on the CLR key. Otherwise you will occasionaly hear "Please say a command!" coming from your pocket.- Picture viewing annoyance; Now, I do like the ability to view pictures on the big inner screen and the zoom function works great. But, there is a weird issue when viewing pictures that gets on my nerves. When you click on a picture to view it, the picture goes full screen but the quality changes. It looks less defined, blurrier, and the contrast changes a tad so the picture looks too bright or too dark. If you then zoom in on your picture, this issue goes away and the picture looks like it should. Note that this issue does not affect your photos, it is just the way the phone presents them. This issue is annoying to me because I like to show off pictures I've taken to other people and in order to make them look the way they should, I have to zoom in on each picture a little bit.Conclusion:This phone excels with the features/functions that are most useful to me and has many positive aspects. The few negative aspects that it does have are annoyances that I will have to deal with, but they are minor. Overall, I am impressed with the enV3 and would definitely buy one again if I were to lose or damage it. If I could, I would rate the enV3 closer to 4.5 stars.