I ordered this phone on September 8 and I still haven't gotten it my expected date was October 15th to the 31 I wouldn't mind this if they kept up to date shipping tracking but they don't. Usps is who's shipping and they are taking forever. I'll give an update when I get it. If I get it....ok it took forever to get to me a lil after Oct 15th but i got it none the less. Now here is why I wanted my money back. Besides the long wait. When I got the phone it wasn't orange it was white. So they gave me extra items. Supposedly. Cause they never told me what the extra items were. I got two pens, two plastic covers, two baterries, one charger, a flip open case and a regular case. Yay right!? Okay so I'm happy cause I finally got it but as I'm using it I start to notice how useless this useless the phone is. 1 you can not get 4g 3g with this phone unless you have some other carrier then t mobile. 2 this phone can not be updated to any other android version. In the settings that area is locked. You can't touch most ofanything in the about phone section. 3 the screen even when its dark it still seems as tho there is a glare of some kind. 4 you can not watch Netflix on this phone.why? Because you can not update this phone to the newer version of android. 5 the memory is bad even with your SD card you won't be able to do much. As far as save files create files save applications from the play store. The phone will download them to your SD card and then it would save the cache, save files to your phone so it renders the SD pointless. Basically this phone sucks. All it is, is the first android phone just with a huge screen. Its not worth what they ask. And any issue you have with this phone and want answers on your screwd cause no one cares. There's no contact number from the company. Only emails and they give you two sentence answers that don't help at all. I had to get an a to z return and they haven't even sent me a return label asking for it back. If you want this phone you can get it. But if you like being able to play games on your free time or when your bored, if you like watching anything else other then YouTube or xnxx or even solar movie.so then you should find a better phone. I swear to you it seems like you have a flip phone with internet but the look of it makes it seem like it can do more.  The only good thing for me with this phone is that it makes calls and when on WiFi I can search the web for info. Other then that. Useless phone and useless company. If they gave better customer service I might have kept to myself. Not to mention the back and forth and searching I had to do to try and fix every issue since they wouldn't help me. No issue was solved except when amazon solved my money back issue.