Bottom Line Up Front:  I highly recommend this smart phone if you're looking for a great phone at a reasonable price.  I don't think you will find a better phone for the price, it's ready for international SIM cards.  Android is fantastic, the screen and the colors are stunning.  My only issue is battery life, but a full charge will last you all day as long as you're not playing games all day.After extensive research looking for a new smart phone to replace the iPhone 4 that I lost, I decided to go with the S3 mini and I'm glad I did.  I live in Europe, so factory unlocking was a must, and this phone worked perfectly.  Just popped in the Italian SIM card and I was off to the races.  Price was a big issue for me.  I wanted a good phone but I didn't want to break the bank.  When I got the phone, I was pleased with just about everything except for the battery life.  The slim, rounded design makes it slip in and out of my pocket very easily even with a case, which was a problem when I had my case on my iPhone.  The screen and the colors are extremely vivid and smooth, this is probably what I was most impressed with.  The camera is not quite on par with my old iPhone camera, but I do trust it to take decent pictures in a bind.  Camera quality was not a part of my selection criteria.  The Android operating system, in my opinion, is way more customizable and versatile than iOS for the iPhone. The freedom to customize and the ability to accept third party apps really opens up the capabilities of this phone.  Also, I can plug my phone into my computer and transfer files to and from like I would with a USB.  With the iPhone I had to sync it with iTunes and use iTunes as the intermediary between me and the phone.  I never realized how inconvenient that was until I plugged this phone in and was able to transfer music and photos in an instant!The Cons: Processor speed, battery life, and storage space.  With only 800 MB of RAM, I've noticed that the processor can be bogged down if I'm running too many apps, looking at multiple (4 or more) webpages at once, or doing other intensive things.  However, 95% of the time I don't notice it, and now I simply manage my browsing habits and app habits to make sure I don't overload the processor.  With regard to the battery life, I find I have to plug in the phone every night - the charge won't last for more than a day and a half.  I could usually get a few days out of my iPhone if I wasn't using it much.  If I use the S3 for games, browsing, etc, the battery drains pretty quick.  If I closely manage my wifi, GPS, and mobile data settings to conserve battery life I find I can get two days out of the phone.  Lastly, the phone only has 8GB of internal memory, of which about 3GB were taken by the operating system.  Went to the store though and found a 16 GB mini-SD card on sale for $15, plugged it in,  and voila, now I have 21 GB of usable storage space - more than enough.