I kept the phone about 20 days - but ultimately decided to send it back.1) The Symbian OS - it's dead, Nokia is switching to Maemo Linux and I fear that does not bode well for future app development, as it is - the selection of quality applications for SymbianS60v5Touch is pretty thin (though most of the basics are there)2) Buggy OS - would frequently get "unknown error" when trying to use the camera - I don't want to reboot my phone and wait 2 minutes+ to take a picture - this is likely to be addressed in a hopefully forthcoming OS update but I don't want to take that gamble3) Most of the OS is touch optimized, but like Windows Mobile (and perhaps exacerbated by my fat fingers and the phone's small screen size - sometimes you just MUST use the stylus.4) I HATE where the stylus is - I'm right handed - I hold the phone in my left. To get to the stylus I had to hold it in my right hand, pull part of the case off and work the stylus out from the phones lower left corner with my fingernail. The stylus doesn't "auto home" it's flatish not round, so unlike a palm, it won't rotate into place as you push it in - it needs to be oriented correctly then pushed in.5) the case back feels cheap, flimsy and prone to breakage - it's not a big deal - but is potentially an indicator that corners were cut in the industrial design - the phone was built to a price. If you keep it in a skin case - you'll never notice. Without a case - it creaks like cheap plastic when you grip the phone.6) the touchscreen is better than what was average a few years back - but it's still a resistive touchscreen - once you use a capacitive touchscreen, you'll realize how much resistive sucks as a technology. Often launched someones info card when trying to swipe across carousel.7) General OS weirdness - some installed apps cannot be removed to save space. The more you load onto main memory - even if the applications aren't running - the more the phone slows down, it went from feeling new and lithe to old an bloated within a week. As I deleted apps to prep it for sending back, it got more and more responsive again8) Leaves all your personal data on it when you "reset to factory configuration" Bad Form Nokia. Bad Form!9) USB charging - See "designed to a price" above - I hate that it came with a fiddly hard plastic latch over the USB port and with only a 4" sync cable - but most of all that it won't charge over USB - in fact it drains power when hooked up to the USB but not the charger - so much so that it will be dead if you leave it hooked up overnight.10) Fiddly media player - sometimes you rip a movie and it plays - sometimes not with the exact same settings - too unpredictable11) Motion sensors are brain dead - you tilt your hand a bit and the screen rotates for no apparent reason.12) Nokia's OVI store - I won't get into specifics - but it sucks.My criticisms seem petty, I know. But it's the little things day in and day out that will eventually get on your nerves.Plusses:1) Fast USB2 implementation - songs and videos load really quick from computer2) surprisingly good headphones3) surprisingly good music player for a non iPod/Phone4) small - reasonably sturdy build construction5) Wi-Fi - though the implementation for selecting a base station is kinda suckky6) Camera is decent and the LED Flash is a nice touch[...] it's actually a pretty solid deal compared to the crap replacement phones T-Mobile and AT&T; will offer you if/when your's breaks. It has a lot of flaws that eventually rendered it a no-go for me, but it might well suit your purposes if you can live with those flaws.