i have been a nextel customer for several years owning an i1000plus.  I purchased an i730 in April, 2004, because they told me my i1000plus was wearing out (i was having trouble with disconnects, etc.).  Just prior to the one-year warranty being up I took the phone to the service center with the problem of calls going into voice mail instead of ringing, not able to call out, etc.  They did some stuff to it at the service center and sent me on my way.  A few weeks later I was back to the same problems, so they took it apart, checked it out, and told me they were going to "swap" it out.  I had to go to another location for the sway - my understanding was that they were going to take my phone and give me a new phone.  When I went to the "swap" place, the lady told me my phone had gotten wet and they would not swap it out.  I explained that the service center had taken it all apart and the service center didn't say anything about it being wet.  Additionally, I have the phone with me all the time and I DID NOT GET IT WET.  After that episode, they replaced my phone with the insurance program that we pay 6 dollars a month for.  Soon after I got the "new" phone I was having problems with it - mainly my car charger had quit working, I was getting calls going into voice mail, and the phone wouldn't hold a charge.  I took it to the service center only to find out that I had my new phone replaced with a refurbished phone and with an AFTERMARKET battery.  The battery was no good and the guy at the service center told me the aftermarket battery ruined my car charger (which had cost 38 dollars).  When I called the insurance company to find out why they replaced my phone with a used phone and an aftermarket battery that didn't work, they, in so many words, told me it was too bad - that is what they do.  I purchased a new motorola battery (Nextel did give me a $55 credit on my phone bill to purchase the new battery).  I continue to have ongoing problems with the phone I have - it goes into voice mail, calls cut off, it won't work when my husband's nextel phone works in the same location, I have to wave it around to get a signal half of the time.  I am thoroughly disgusted with this whole process.  I have had this same nextel phone number for at least 5 years, all my business cards, letterhead, etc. has this number on it.  It would be a disaster for me to switch phone numbers.  I feel like I have nowhere to go, but to continue to pay $199/month for the service, $3.95 for repair, and $5.95 for insurance.  I cannot believe there are no federal or state laws to address this total ripoff.