still can't make my mind about this phone. android and apple left blackberry in the dust, so i have hesitantly decided to upgrade to a smarter smartphone. boost has a great plan with rewards for loyal customers, so i figured this would be the best way to jump on the android bandwagon without bleeding my wallet dry for the next two years in which time any phone will become obsolete.aesthetically, the lg marquee is very visually pleasing. it is sleek and has a huge, bright, impressive screen.as for everything else, well i'm not very tech savvy so this phone works just fine for the minimal things i use it for.unfortunately, i have had serious problems in the two (non-consecutive) days that i have had this phone. i ordered on a monday from amazon and got it on wednesday. i was so excited with this new piece of technology but only got as far as trying to activate the phone because it could not connect to the network. as courteous as boost customer service was, they could not help me get it to activate and they recommended i return the device. not willing to give up just yet, i made a search and found that similar problems are very common for this phone and hard/factory resets are not enough to fix the "flash" problems. in a final attempt, i called LG customer service and they immediately told me the same thing.so i requested a new phone (wednesday), which i got in exactly two days (friday) but i could not get to it because i was out of town for a long weekend. first thing monday morning though i was back at it. as soon as i saw that it had activated i declared my mission accomplished (like W), i applied the screen protector and ripped open the pretty pink case i bought for it. i downloaded several apps, manually and painstakingly entered my contacts, setup my email, chose a wallpaper and ringtone, set daily and weekend alarms, and changed the many phone settings. pretty much spent all day at work getting to know my phone. it wasn't until 4 pm when i got home and my sister called (i'm not very popular hahaha) when i noticed that the earpiece "sounded like it had been run over by a car" (mr. potato head - toy story). it seriously sounded like an old boom box, i don't know how i can better describe it. i have a hard time hearing as it is, this phone is going to give me a lot of headaches. i'm not sure if i should return it again for a refund or just try again and get a new one because i'm not smart enough to know how to back up my contacts since it was the most time consuming part of activating the phone.in the mean time, this phone will have to do until i make up my mind.**UPDATE 6/28/2012**initial rating was 3 stars... final rating is 2!!i really did think i could tolerate the horrible sound quality of calls, but i'm giving up after two weeks.other things i noticed while i had this phone: it does not have an LED notification light and the battery life is HORRIBLE!! i often have my phone on vibrate or silent, so other than turning on the screen to check for texts, emails, missed calls or other notifications there is no way of knowing if you did. the problem with that is the battery life on this phone is not worth a penny. with minimal use, this phone will last maybe 4 hours before it had to be recharged again. before even realizing this was a HUGE problem, i had ordered an extended battery for it also from amazon and that seemed to help (i also downloaded juice defender). but now since i am returning the phone, i'm out the money i spent on accessorising this thing (screen protectors, extended battery, and case which do not fit the phone with the extended battery on) since most can't be returned or are not worth the money to ship back.