I decided to get this phone after updating my iPhone 4s to iOS7.  I didn't like the iOS7 update at all, and I was already ready for a change of scenery. I needed a smartphone so my choices came down to an Android phone or a Windows Phone (since I had seen the trouble Blackberry had been having).  Many of my friends have Android phones and they always complain about random things going wrong with it or just a laggy experience in general.  Maybe there's an Android phone out there for me, but after talking to my friends, I decided to look elsewhere.When I started reading about Windows Phone, it seemed like many of the tech review sites were mostly negative.  They'd say a few nice things about a Windows Phone, but then they'd go on to talk about how it doesn't stack up to iPhone and Android phones.  In my experience using my new Lumia 928, I've gotta say I only find it lacking in battery life (which may be because I've been playing with it constantly since I've gotten it.  I have a feeling I'll make it from sun up to sun down once the shine wears off a bit.Pros:Windows Phone interface is clean.  The live tiles are a refreshing change of pace from the boring icons that I was used to on iOS.The camera is great on this phone.  If you get this phone, make sure and use the Nokia Pro Camera app.  I have been delighted with the quality of pictures I can get from this phone, and I was already pretty happy with the job the iPhone 4s did.  This wins hands down.Fast.  I don't know how they did it, but they made this system run very smoothly and with great speed.  Apps load quickly on this phone and the transition animations don't feel like they are covering up lag like other phones I've used.Nokia Apps.  Nokia did a really good job of creating apps that make this experience a great one.  Nokia Pro Camera, Nokia Creative Studio, NOKIA MUSIC (HELLO!), Nokia Here Maps, Nokia Here City Lens, etc are really great, high quality apps that make this phone stand out over even other Windows phones.Cons:Learning Curve.  If you've never had a smartphone before, I don't think the learning curve will be too bad.  A lot of the interface is very intuitive.  However, coming from iOS, I had to give myself a good 2 days of getting familiar with the phone before my head stopped spinning completely.  :)  It's just a different way of doing things, and I'm glad that I stuck with it.Battery life.  I'm really hoping my battery will get me through to bed time once I start using it normally like I used my iPhone.  I plan to get a wireless charger for my desk at work though just in case I get in a pinch.Apps.  If you like Pinterest, you're not going to find it on this phone just yet (Sept. 2013).  All of the apps I used on my iPhone are on my Lumia so I'm good on that.  However, if you always want the newest app on the day it comes out, you'll need to stick with iOS or Android in some cases.  Don't count the Windows Phone app selection out though.  YOu really should look for yourself.Wrap Up:I'm sincerely delighted to have this phone in my possession.  I never enjoyed the iPhone for the 14-15 months that I had it.  Don't get me wrong.  The phone did just about everything I wanted it to do.  I just didn't enjoy it.  Using this phone is a pleasure, and it's going to take something really special from another company to pull me away from Windows Phone.UPDATE:My issues with battery life are no more!  I get through the whole day with the phone now with normal use.  There's some juice left over at the end of the day, but I charge it every night so it'll be full for the following day.  I stream music and videos a lot on my phone, and I use it constantly at work for email and calls, so I'm really pleased to see that I get through the day with it.