I have been a happy owner of the HTC Incredible for just over a year.  For almost all of that time, I have loved the phone.  Recently, however, I have run into a problem that has led to a complete change of heart, and I have come to discover that I am far from alone in this problem.  I hope this review saves someone else from this same problem.Basically, my phone (like thousands of other phone from HTC) suddenly began randomly turning itself off and rebooting on it's own.  At first it was just an annoying inconvenience, but then over the course of a couple weeks the frequency of these random reboots increased and then began going into a never ending reboot loop.  It would be sitting beside me on my desk or bedside table, with no activity from me, and suddenly I would hear the "Droid" tone as it began rebooting.  But as soon as it finished that part, it would reboot again ... and again ... and again ... and again ... and - well, you get the picture.  This would continue until I took off the back and pulled the battery.  If I put the battery back in immediately, it would just once again go into this reboot loop of death.  If I left the battery out overnight, it would function again the next morning, but later in the day would began this fun process again.Google "HTC Incredible reboot loop" and you will see over 20,000 hits mostly containing similar reports from frustrated Incredible owners.  Then look a bit deeper and you'll find that neither HTC or Verizon will admit any problem or offer any help if, like me, you are 6 days out of the 1 year warranty period.  Even those under warranty are replaced by refurb Incredibles which themselves have a high incidence of the exact same problem.How they can profess ignorance of this when the web is filled with tens of thousands of complaints, and even their OWN customer support forums have more than 45 pages and 54,000 views is, apparently, one of those mysteries of cellular customer service life!Too err is human, but you should own up to it and make it right, not pretend it is an isolated incident that you can wash your hands of and walk away.  HTC & Verizon are learning that again, as their latest greatest (the Thunderbolt) developed widespread similar random reboot issues following a recent firmware update, which almost bricked the majority of the Thunderbolt phones.  I understand another firmware fix was able to correct that, but clearly HTC has some serious quality control issues on it's hands.In short, I loved my Incredible for a year, but that can't make up for spending that much money on a phone that suddenly becomes essentially unusable, backed up by a manufacturer and wireless provider who both bury their heads in the sand instead of doing the right thing and correcting the widespread problem.  I will not be buying any HTC product in the future.Buyer beware. I wish someone had warned me about this.