Why the Galaxy S4 and not, say, the HTC One?  I think there's two big reasons:1) You can replace the battery.  Similar to older cellphones, the Galaxy S4 continues the trend of the replaceable battery.  Actually you may not care about this if you buy a new phone every 2 years and throw your old one away but if you want to resell it or keep it longer, then the ability to replace the battery will become important -- rechargables eventually wear out.  A lot of newer phones (like the HTC One) are building the battery integrated -- you can't replace it.2) It has a slot for an SD card.  Again, some newer phones are bucking this trend and launching with internal storage but no SD card slot.  The Galaxy S4 comes with 16 GB of internal storage but also has an SD card slot.  When I upgraded from the Thunderbolt I just moved over my SD card and bam, all my music and pictures were on the card and moved with me.  It's also a lot more storage to use for videos and so forth.Incidentally, if you're on the fence about a new phone and currently have a 3G phone, you really want to upgrade to 4G if they have it in your area (which, statistically, they probably do -- ask your carrier).  4G means your phone can browse and download as fast as a home broadband connection.  It's a huge improvement and really makes the phone into a useful internet device even away from wifi connections.As for the phone itself, all I can say is I'm really impressed.  I can find no drawbacks to this phone.  I like the size, I like the feel of it, it still fits in my pocket, the battery life is good, the interface is slick and easy to understand.  I like that they added pop-up explanations for a lot of the features (but there are some that are still mysterious and you'll have to look them up to see what they do).  The Verizon phone came with "bloatware" but I'm having a harder time faulting them this time.  A lot of it does things I typically download apps for anyway, like turning on the flashlight or taking notes or maintaining a list of calendar events, so no irritations so far.Actually, there is one thing the S4 did that annoys me, which I'm going to list purely in the vague hope that some Samsung engineer reads it one day: they put the charging port on the bottom of the phone.  This means I can't prop the phone upright with my kickstand and have it charging, as I could with my Thunderbolt (where the charging port was on the side).Anyway, that's just a minor quibble.  Overall I'm really happy with this phone and feel it's a good upgrade over my previous HTC Thunderbolt.I've used the HTC One, HTC One X and HTC DNA a fair amount (work phones) and they don't have as many whiz-bang features but I also didn't like that I couldn't replace the battery or insert an SD card.  So when it came time for my personal phone upgrade, I got the Galaxy S4 and love it.