After using this phone for about two weeks now I can say that I really like this phone but there are a few quirks.  First off the price of this phone is outstanding for what you get.  We bought my brother-in-law a Blu Studio 5.0s a few months ago, and i played with it for a little while and was impressed with the screen and snappiness of it.  I laid it down side by side next to my Note 2 and couldn't tell the difference in speediness between the two.  This being said I decided to drop Sprint as my carrier and pick up the Life View to test out the different pre-paid carriers.The first thing you notice about the Life View if the brightness and clarity of the screen.  Top notch and just as good as my note 2.  Also the processor is amazing and very quick and responsive!  Yes it has a Mediatek quad core processor and most tech geeks scoff at the mention of mediatek, but after using the Life View I don't get the fuss about it.  It is fast, responsive, and plays all the 3D games you want to throw at it with no lag.  The processor should absolutely not be a dealbreaker.The camera on this thing is a 12 MP camera.  It shoots amazing photos and crisp clear HD video.  Pictures are just as good if not better than my note 2.Call quality is clear and I have no problem connecting to wifi or blu-tooth in my car stereo.  Also I really like the version of Android running on it.  It doesn't have all the bloatware that my note 2 has but still contains many of the gesture features that my Samsung has.  Blu has also announced they will be upgrading to Kit Kit in the second quarter of 2014 as well.All this being said there are a couple of quirks to this phone that prevent it from getting that elusive 5th star.  First off there is no SD card slot.  This shouldn't be a huge issue since all my music and videos are stored on the cloud, but what puzzles me is why the main partition is only 1 gig and the storage contains the rest of the 16 gigs of this phone.  When you install apps they go to the 1 gig partition, and considering the size of some of the apps out today, this fills up very quickly so you have to manually move them to the other partition.  The ones you can move anyways.  About half the apps I have on my phone cannot be moved without rooting the phone and forcing the move.  And when you do move them over you lose widget function for that app.  Blu this needs to be addressed in your upcoming update.Another quirk of the Life View is the screen dims WAY too fast and cannot be adjusted.  There is no way to correct this.  If you are reading a webpage and count to 9 it dims.  Very annoying!  Again Blu please fix this in an update.The last negative about this othwise amazing phone is that there is no LTE.  All the prepaids are now offering LTE so it's time to catch up Blu.  It does connect just fine to ATT and Tmobile HSPA+ and I get about 3-6 MBs per second download which is fine for web browsing and the like, but makes playing youtube videos in HD impossible.  However once it's connected to my home wifi netflix and youtube stream very well in HD and the outstanding display on this phone really stands out.Final Conclusion:  The Blu Life View is a great bargain for the price and if you don't need LTE or live in an area without it I highly recommend this phone!