I really like this phone a lot. I have been using it for more than 3 years now, and yet, everything in the phone is very up to date and I never got the feeling I have to change to another phone, even when androids come in and touch phones are out.I find the design sleek and classy. It is very thin and not bulky. The QWERTY keypad is very delicate and is easy to type in. I send more than 1k text messages in a month and I find it very easy to use. I even type my word documents on the phone when I'm reviewing because it is the only device you can hold the book open with your arms, and yet see the book, and type at the same time. No need for trying to force the book open and move my head left (from the book) and right (to my laptop) just to type. Everything is in one view. And then after that, all I have to do is save the document in my memory card and transfer it to my laptop if I want to.When I got this phone, one of the details I have to have is a good camera. E71 has 3.2 MP camera and with an auto-focus, (or for even better focus click t), the pictures are of really good quality, unless there's no adequate lighting. It is enough for my everyday picture taking. Though I'm planning to find a regular digital camera so I can blow up my pictures. But with one that comes with the phone, I really like this.I also like the fact that it has a removable memory card. Mine came with a 2G mini SD card. I can use it to store files that I need and carry it around with me like a USB stick. Who doesn't have a phone with them all the time nowadays, anyway?I also like that it came with a headset that I can use to listen to the radio too.Wifi is a blessing for me since I can connect to wifi's and not pay for a internet plan with my phone plan.There are lots of games to download for E71 and it is easy to use the phone wifi and connect and download it right from there, compared to others where you need to log on your laptop and connect your phone, etc etc.In these days where the ports are limited, E71 still has the infrared. I don't know when I'm going to use it, but I am glad it's still here, with the bluetooth and wlans.Another thing I like about Nokia phones in general is that it is VERY durable. I drop my phone a hundred times and sometimes it opens up, with battery jumping out, etc, but when I put it back together, it works just like new! My phone has a lot of scratches and dents, bitemarks (from the baby I babysit for), etc. But it still works really well, considering it is around 4 years old or more already.It can also read your text messages out loud! It's fun! Another thing that I LOOOVE is that it has an option that when it rings, whatever ring tone you have, you can have the phone tell you who's calling, even before you get hold of your phone.. it's like *music music* Angelica Stafford *music music*. How cool is that!I can sing more praises about the phone, but all I want to say that is phone is a great buy and I love it so much!