I read a lot of reviews online. Was I to give up my Z600 and H5555 for this H6315. Some people seemed to love this unit some despice it. The slower processor and only 64MB was a major concern after getting used to the fast processor in the H5555 and the 128MB of ram.I decided to go for it after debating for a while. I got the unit it was way cool speed was not to big of an issue but it would constantly lock up on me and had serious issues. Many times I had to soft reset the unit 2 or more times in a row to get it operational. Well after a week the SD slot died and I got a new unit on advanced replacement since HP offers a 14 day replacement guarantee. I was ready to throw the thing into the wall and stomp on it then go get the sledgehammer to finish the unit for good.I'm glad I did get it replaced the new unit been working as flawlessly as I could expect (after using a H5555 for well over a year and a H3670 for well over year before the H5555).Bluetooth drains the battery but nothing worse then any other device I used before (Z600, T68i to mention a couple of previous bluetooth devices). Bluetooth seems to almost be designed to drain your batteries. But the H6315 outlast my Sony/Ericson H65 bluetooth headsets battery so no major complaints.Camera. Works as well as you might expect from a cellphone camera (not very well). It sure is a improvement over my old Z600 and in par with my wifes Nokia 6600. Don't expect anything fancy after all it's only a 0.3Meg pixel camera giving you a 640x480 picture (far surpassing most cellphone cameras I seen).Flash? Would be nice but then no other cellphone have a flash either. If you want a decent digital camera then you should buy just that a digital camera not a cellphone or pda with built in camera.The slower processor have not been a major issue that I was afraid it would be. Programs takes a bit longer to launch and it takes longer time to boot but nothing extreme.Memory. I do miss the 128MB ram of my H5555 I could do just about anything and install apps to my hearts content without having to worry or running low on ram. Having to use 68MB again have turned out to be a bit challanging need to be more careful to make sure I store more on my SD card and less on ram and have to be more careful on the apps I install and be sure not to not install a bunch that I do not use.Conclusings:I really enjoy this unit. To be able to check my mail, get weather and news and even view MSNBC on the go is really nice thanks to GPRS and WiFi. It hurt to have to buy MS Voice Commands to get voice dialing which I was used to from my T68i and Z600 this should been included with the cellphone.I do not miss my Z600 or my H5555 very much but wished I had more RAM in this unit.My first unit frequently looked up and was horrible but after gotten it replaced I have almost only good things to say about the H6315 obviously my first unit was defective and I suspect the QA is not what it should be since I read numerous reviews of other people that have had horrible experience that resembles my own with this first defective unit. If you buy one and it frequently looks up on you bring it back to the store you bought it from and have them replace it under the 14 day return/replacement policy that HP offers on these.