I've only had this phone for 12 hours but I love it so far.  I bought a Razr a few days ago and the recption is not as good as the Nokia 6682 and the Razr sound quality is horrible.  The Nokia sound quality is good even with one bar of reception usually.  I'm in an area hit by hurrican Katrina and the network is still bad with Cingular.I've barely scratched the surface with all the features but I love it so far.  The --INCLUDED-- Nokia software AND USB cable made entering my contacts very painless.  I entered 40 or so in maybe 15 minutes.  Motorola does not include software OR the data cable.The menus take some getting used to but seem fine. overall.  I'm really looking forward to exploring all the software for the Symbian operating system.  I'm using it for internet right now on my desktop and getting file download speeds of 12KB/sec at times, about 100k or so.  I couldn't even get a web page to pull up with the Razr.  You can also view full web pages on the phone, although they are a bit hard to read if they are not formated for phones.The camera is MILES better than the Razr.  The quality is about as good as a cheap digital camera.  The sliding lens cover is great too.  Phone also comes with a screen protector already on that I almost didn't even notice.  I'm going to see if I can buy some more.The biggest problem I've found so far is the buttons small and are a bit hard to press with your thumb, but not so bad after some practice.MP3 player in the phone is really nice too.  They even include headphones, which is good since they have to be Nokia headphones.  No standard headphone jack, sorry.  The 64mb media card is respectable and can be upgraded to 1gb.  *** If you want a smartphone with Bluetooth you MUST consider this one.**Day 3 Update: The battery life is advertised.  MP3 playback is just great though I wish I could use my sony headphones.  Music can also play through speakerphone but quality is lacking this way.  Gotta get a bigger flash card too.  64mb card only holds about 9 songs encoded with lame codec (about 180kbps).  Menus are a bit clunky but it's understandable with such a tremendous amount of functions, some just get lost.  (took me forever to realize you just click on a song to start playing)  Works great with bluetooth headset.**Day 20 Update: Think I should change my rating to 4 stars.  Still like the phone but I'm having stability problems.  It tends to lock up if I make a few menu changes, requiring a power off/on.  The voice dialing seems to suck too.  I'm thinking about sending mine in for a replacement.  I've been using the basic voice dialing instead of the premium version which is only a 7 day trial.  I'd be very happy with the functionality if it would just recognize the names when I say them.