FIRST IMPRESSION:I have had the c6-01 for eight days.  This is a first impression.  I will write an addendum in about six months.My last cell phone was a Samsung Solstice.  I was very unhappy with this phone.  Seven out of the twelve menu icons called up the internet - usually on one of AT&T;'s sites.  I was constantly accidentally hitting one of these icons and getting unwanted data charges.I would basically use my phone to talk to people and to text.  Even though the keyboard was small, I could still compose a message but, it would drive me crazy a lot of times.  I would often type without looking at what I was typing until I had typed a whole lot of characters.  On the Solstice, you can't scroll back to a mistyped character without first erasing every correctly typed character after the one you wanted to correct.  This was particularly bad if I had mistyped a character at the beginning of the message and I was almost through.  I would have to basically start all over again.The camera was crummy too.  Photos were always "washed out" and lacked detail.There were other issues too that could have been easily fixed with a software update, but Samsung never issued an update for this particular phone.I spent some time looking for a phone that would correct all the problems I had with the Solstice.  Finally, I settled on the Nokia C6-01.  It solved all the issues I had with my old phone. The 8 Megapixel camera is superb.  The detail is more than what I expected.  The video is great.  It records in 720P.While the keyboard is small, it is a lot easier to type on and a lot less frustrating.The phone is completely customizable.  No longer will I accidently access the internet by having unwanted menu icons on the screen. The only time I can conceive of getting on the internet will be to video chat with my son in New Jersey.  The C6-01 has a front-facing camera and a back-facing one, and can connect to the internet.It is small - easy to fit in your pocket.I discovered another thing this phone can do.  I can connect it to my laptop computer and type a message using the laptop keyboard - a really good feature if you don't want to type on the phone's keyboard.UPDATED FEBRUARY 18THStill five stars.I've had five cell phones - The first being an analog one.  This one could very well be the best one I've had.  Firstly, the audio on calls is great.  It is really cool to be able to voice command the phone to turn Bluetooth on and off then send text messages with my computer keyboard.Since I purchased the phone, I upgraded the operating system to Nokia Belle.  It is awesome.  It is completely customizable with six home screens - not four like in the Amazon description.  I have tested out some of the features though I will probably use them infrequently.  I set the gps maps to guide me home wherever I'm at.  Very accurate directions are given for my return trip from work, though I'm told to take some side roads that I would not ordinarily take.  I suppose the gps maps feature will insure that I never get lost again.Another feature I think is really cool is the ringtones.  There are 96 tones to choose from and you can also use a song that you already have on your phone.Here are other features I haven't used yet, but they intrigue me.  One is the dictionary which will translate a word from another language to English.I have also download "Angry Birds" and a battery monitor program.I also like the fact that it uses a micro sd card.  I put in a 32 GB card.  I can always witch it for another if it gets filled.  I don't anticipate that.  I want to shoot some longer 720p videos that the included 4 Gb card does not afford.  I can transfer them to my computer and gain the space back on my phone memory card.If you are in the market for a smartphone, this one will not disappoint you.  It is a really good phone.  You can't beat the price, and, as one reviewer said, "it actually fits in your pocket".The description of the phone given by Amazon is inaccurate.  The new operating system makes much of the description obsolete.  Check out my picture under the black version. This is like the main homescreen.  I have just customized it with some of my own widgets and my own wallpaper