I have owned this phone for three months now. This is an upgrade from an LG600G phone with double minutes that I have. My main purpose in getting this phone was because of the triple minutes for life offer with 1200 minutes included. Since a 1 year, 400 minute card would cost me a little more that what I paid for this offer, It was a no brainer for me. It was like getting a free phone. I always seemed to run out of minutes before the year was up so having the triple minutes will help out in that respect. This phone came from Shopcelldeals and included a piece of paper with a code that provided 1200 minutes (with triple minutes). I did not have the horror experiences as described by other reviewers but there was a small issue in getting the phone activated. Previously, when I would activate a tracFone, I would just go on their website and enter a few pieces of information and it would get activated. However, with this phone, I waited a couple of days but the phone was still not showing on the screen as activated. Just for the heck of it, I went back on TracFone's website and into my account where I found a message that I need to click on a link that took me to another page where I had to enter a series of codes into my phone. After entering 5 sets of these codes and was accepted, my phone was finally activated. It was a little bit of a pain but I did get it figured out. Also, I had already bought a 1 year, 400 minute card a week before I bought this phone, so after a few weeks, I went into my tracfone account and entered the numbers from the card and it added 1200 minutes, so at least I know my phone is a true triple minutes phone.I also got the cookie style soft case and the screen protector. The touch screen is a nice feature and the screen protector doesn't really interfere with the sensitivity of the touch feature although, as one reviewer mentioned, it sometimes takes a few presses in just the right spot to trigger it. One small minus is the fact that when you are talking on the phone, it will go into a "lock" mode. For instance, if you are calling the doctors office and their phone system is asking you to hit 1 for this and 2 for that, you first have to press the unlock button for a couple of seconds, then the keypad button, then you can make your selection. This is a little bothersome but only takes a few seconds to do this. I guess this feature is designed that way so your face isn't inadvertently pressing on the keypad and causing a problem. The screen is larger than my LG600G, which is nice. I haven't used nor do I need to use all of the features this phone has to offer. Getting on the internet is only ok. I'm sure it's not like using a smart phone but you can get on to access some things but I have had problems accessing some websites. Sometimes I get an error message saying the web page is too large and then it kicks me offline. Other sites load fine. Some pages are larger than what I can see on the screen so I have to scroll right and left to read everything. Sometimes, when I try to scroll, I end up touching the screen by mistake in a way that reduces the font size, usually to the point where I can't read the print. So I tap the screen a few times and the fonts become normal size again and I'm back to where I started. There doesn't seem to be a happy medium and it sometimes becomes too frustrating so I try to avoid using the phome for the internet unless it's absolutely necessary.One thing I discovered (but many readers may already know this) is when applying different ringtones to different people in your contact list, make sure you include the area code with the phone number, even if they are in the same area code you are in. When I originally entered my phone contacts, I just entered the 7 digit number for people locally. I then tried to apply a ringtone to one of those people but when they called me, the default ringtone would sound off and I couldn't figure out why the ringtone I wanted to use wasn't ringing. I called tracFone but they weren't any help. They had no idea why the new ringtone wasn't working. Then, one day I noticed when I received a call from that person, it would show the area code and the little light went on in my head. When I edited the phone number to include the area code, the new ringtone worked.A couple of other features I haven't used but plan to are the voice recorder and you can also download and play music, which is nice. I have taken one photo and the quality of the photo was good but I never really used that feature in any cell phone that I have owned. All in all, this was a nice upgrade for me and would recommend this phone.