These days, reading reviews of mobile phones on pertinent websites has become rather boring - the cavalcade of almost identically looking Androids is very different from the days when phones were actually fun to research, with different looks, functions etc. Motorola had been THE cellphone maker for me, and since they've fallen into Google's hands, I decided to stock up on their earlier products, because they don't make them like that anymore. I bought me a second Motorola A1200 (aka MING), because my first one served me excellently for almost 4 years, and it's still functional! And I looked around for what one could still have from old Motorolas.As an aside, among phone aficionados, there is now a hunt for old RAZRs (although they are only available refurbished nowadays), and in general, the choice for those who want a phone just for calls, those who like pressing physical buttons, those who like their phones made at least partly with metal, is now severely limited. I'm not shunning away from new technology, I have both an Android and an iPhone 4S, but when I saw this baby in a TV series (the beginning of one of the episodes of "Fringe" - one of those victims who die horrible deaths that the Fringe team is then investigating grabbed this phone before going to a night club), I did some research and found out it's a Moto Z9.I live in Ukraine, and it's a normal practice here to have two phones/numbers. I'm using the Z9 as my second phone, just for calls, since in the modern world, you have to have a smartphone. And as a calls-only phone, basically an accessory, the Z9 shines - very good voice capabilities (Motorola's oldskool Crystal Talk), solid feel in the hand, and very good battery life after giving it several initial full discharge-charge cycles (my provider doesn't have 3G, and I obviously don't need GPS around the USA since I'm in Ukraine, so I've disabled the AGPS service (which, if enabled, uses data and consumes the battery), and the battery is a beast compared to most smartphones). The menu is old-style Motorola-illogical (with very little customizations options), so I don't know how I would have reacted if this had had to be my primary phone (we now expect them to be our alarm clock, email client, ebook-reader etc. etc.), but now, with old Motorolas almost gone, the break-your-brain menu is almost endearing when you use the phone just for calls and don't have to navigat the menu all that often ;).If you are going to order this phone (if, like me, you need a calls-only phone), please take into account that most likely you will get a refurbished handset, although it's described as new. I bought two of them, and on one of them, when I was removing the battery cover, pressing my finger on the battery cover, the M logo came off, but I glued it back on :). On the second one, when you slide your finger across the keyboard, it makes a sound like the covering sheet of plastic is also not glued to the phone body well enough, but it's not an issue since it is a slider, and the keyboard is covered by the top part of the slider most of the time (BTW, you can configure the phone to continue what you are doing, including talking on, when you've closed the slider back, which I find very handy - I prefer to talk when it's closed), and the keyboard is also recessed, so I don't think it will come off or anything. Just be prepared that you are not going to get a perfect specimen, but for a 2007 model, and almost a collectible now ;), it's a non-issue.No headset or USB cable is included, but, again, for "tasks" like listening to music and tasks like being online, I use an iPhone and an Android phone intermittently (in this holywar, I'm on the iSide). The Z9, however, is the perfect talking machine. (If you need text messaging on it too, look at the Moto A1200 - it has a QWERTY onscreen keyboard on which you type with a stylus).Bottom line: I warmly recommend this phone to those who like to use their phones for what phones were actually invented - talking. If you need to be online while on-the-go, get a tablet or a second (smart)phone.