We have a shared plan and we received 3 Samsung S4's. Two of these devices have no issue and we love the features but it is the one that does have issues that will do you in.As per our experience out of 3 phones 1 isn't functioning correctly. That's a rough 33% chance that you will end up with a problem like the one I am going to describe below.The Samsung S4 in question was brand new out of the box. There is a 14 day warranty that VZW provides that gives you that time to decide that you like that phone and so that there are no problems with the device. Let's face it folks it takes more than 2 weeks to start seeing problems with a device or at least to confirm it. Verizon wireless knows this or knew it at some point because that same type of warranty was 30 days a few years ago. Back to the device. This Samsung would freeze at day 20 and on every time we tried accessing the gallery or the camera. A battery would have to be pulled each time to get the phone to reset and when you go back to the gallery some of your pictures will be missing and the freeze happens again.Samsung is the only party to blame because this is their device, their manufacturing and q/a process. When you go to the store to spend an hour with tech associate to fix your phone they will determine that you have an unknown issue. They will remedy this issue by sending you a like new replacement device. We received this like new device and then within a few days the same issue has happen with freezing of gallery and camera. But here is the bonus: This second like new replacement that has been certified by VZW to be faultless and in perfect working order has just wiped blank our SD card and is experiencing the same problem as that brand new OTB device. After a week we had some free time so we trekked on back to our verizon store.The second trip was long over 2 hours in the store with a tech person who was unable to make the phone work. The result "We will send you a like new replacement in the mail" surely we will not have another faulty device.The replacement device arrives the next day and works for a few days. Then the gallery is not responding again. But for a even bigger slap in the face: this device froze and will not turn on again. No matter if you pull battery or not. It won't even indicate that the charger is in. Nothing, doesn't turn on or twinkle a light. Completely dead second like new certified replacement phone.Today I called customer service and was on a pointless call for almost an hour. I spoke to customer service then to tech support then to the supervisor of tech support who told me that they are sorry for all my problems with this device and they can send us a like new certified replacement phone as the only possible remedy.I'm sorry for expecting anything because there is no way they can send me a brand new phone that could possible have a 66% chance at fix my problem. The supervior's exact words were "We don't have any brand new phones to give you!" But they do have them to sell to you. So far the replacement like new phones that have been certified by VZW are a 100% failure to remedy my issue. The first 2 were complete failures, so how could this even be an option at this point. I am completely appalled at how Verizon has put these processes in place to make sure their bottom line doesn't shrink and to make their customers very unhappy and go through this much stress. What a shame! They were much more caring about their customers just a few years ago. This supervisor did not disagree with any of that was statement.Save yourself the headache and frustration.We people deserve to be treated better and deserve better service overall.Thank you.