I'll admit that this is not the worst phone I've ever owned, but it's really not that great. I wish that I had actually played with it some before I bought it, but I only purchased it because I needed something cheap and temporary. I guess I got what I paid for.Before I go into the annoyances, I will say a couple of good things about this phone.  First of all, the speaker is very loud, especially if you have an mp3-type ringer.  I also think the camcorder feature is pretty cool, even if it's not very high quality, just because it's not a feature you generally see on this type of phone.  I also like that it's compact without being overly fragile.  And it looks a lot better than most of the Nokia flip-phones I've seen.Now the bad stuff.  My main problem with this phone is the menu system.  It's not that much different than other Nokia phones except that there's even more there to confuse you.  To put this into perspective, I SELL cell phones for a living.  I play with phones all day long and I usually know how to do just about everything on any given phone within a few days.  Yet I have had this phone personally for five months and I still have trouble navigating the menu.  First of all, the names of the various menus are confusing and oftentimes misleading; for example, under "Tools" on most phones is where you would find the calculator, calender, etc. On this phone it's where they hide the camera, radio, and voice recorder.  The camcorder, however, is not in this menu.  The only way to get to the camcorder is to open up the camera first and then go to the "options" menu.  There is a menu for "profiles" which I have also seen on other Nokia phones but I have yet to figure out its relevence.  I'm thinking it might be a way to make your ringer louder or quieter, but it would be a great deal simpler if you could just do that through the volume control.  The address book is about halfway down the menu page instead of right up front where it should rightfully be.  But really the worst thing about the menus is just the fact that you usually have to go through so many different little submenus to get to just about any actual function, and which options you choose are not always obvious.Now some of the less important things that bug me.  The camera is really bad.  I don't necessarily think that a camera is an essential function for a phone to have, but if it's going to have one it should at least be able to take something that resembles an actual picture.  The biggest problem is that if you move even the slightest bit while you're trying to take the picture it will turn out very blurry. Should you manage to take a picture worth saving, you may notice that you can zoom in on it.  But only AFTER you've already taken a picture, not before.  Furthermore, you can't save a picture in its zoomed-in state.You also can't set different ringers to different phone numbers, which is a feature that I had really come to take for granted in a cell phone and it frustrates me to no end that I can't do it with this one.  You can set a different ringer for your messages than what you have for your voice calls (although you can't distinguish voicemail from text) but it took me ages to figure out how to set my message ringer to something that I had downloaded rather than one of the default ones.Overall, I think this phone would be fine for someone who only planned to use it for voice calls and nothing else.  For anyone else, do yourself a favor and spend 10 or 20 bucks more and get something better; there are plenty of options.