I'm not your typical reviewer when it comes to phones. I'm a principle staff mechanical engineer who has spent 15 years designing phones, first for Moto and then for Nok. As part of my job, I get paid to buy competitor phones, try them, tear them down, take notes on design, performance, and then write 100-page internal reports on each product. It is a fun job. I've done this on roughly three or four HUNDRED different phones during my career. I do not work for RIM.I did a complete tear-down on this product, and I also have been using the phone for three months.This is one of the most incredible phones I've ever used. Seriously.The build quality and design are best-in-class. The user interface is excellent. It is also has an elegant, very expensive look about it, helping earn its current undeniable position as an "iconic" phone that's become a must-have for everyone from investment bankers to Hollywood's power elite to rock stars. I do not overstate that. I have friends who are investment bankers, people who make over a half-million a year.  They can afford any phone but they don't carry an iPhone, or a Nokia Virtue ($20,000). They ALL have this exact phone. They won't be seen without it.Take your iTunes, move your music-of-choice into a "Blackberry" playlist folder, then sync to this phone using Media Sync in the Blackberry Desktop Manager. Even your album artwork zips into and shows up as you browse on the Blackberry! Plug your Bose QC3 headphones directly into this phone and listen to music.  The audio chip on this 9700 produces awesome sound.You can put a 32 GIGABYTE memory card into this baby. Yes, I'm serious. That's a lot of music, and movies! My Apple iTouch and iPod are now on a shelf collecting dust.Take your home videos or entire DVD movies and convert them to Blackberry 9700 resolution using the free Roxio Media Manager, and you'll be amazed how good they look on this phone's amazing 480x360 LCD.The camera is amazing. The thing auto-focuses on your subject in a fraction of a second; a phone that actually takes FOCUSED photos!The phone syncs to all your Outlook data super fast. Contacts, tasks, calendar, etc.Did I mention the optical navi mouse? You have to try this. You will love it. Swipe your finger over it, and that is sensed optically, and the cursor on the LCD moves with same fast response as a PC mouse. Even has the mouse click. Now you run Opera Mini web browser, and you have a better web interface than an iPhone - because with the Blackberry you can zoom in / out, and at same time use the navi mouse to scroll web pages and mouse-click hyperlinks, just like web surfacing on a PC. Sorry Apple, but this Blackberry has a more efficient interface than an iPhone for web surfing.Google maps! This phone's GPS is so fast, it updates your position in Google maps while you drive. Also, you really must see Google maps "street view" run on this phone. So cool.The processor is damn fast. You can stream your custom radio station off Pandora, while Google Maps is auto-routing directions, and then switch to browse photos, then back to Google Maps.  Can you multitask that on an iPhone? Nope.But it is the wonderful little things that Blackberry has done with the UI that really make a difference. Exchange an SMS with your friend, and the Blackberry is smart enough to immediately switch that into an SMS chat thread where you're seeing the entire conversation thread out, as if you were using Yahoo Messenger (which you can use as well on this phone). I've never seen SMS message real-time chat threading like that, except on the Blackberry products. So cool.And the available apps, both free and paid. So many amazing apps you can add to this phone.You will love this phone.