I bought this phone back in early March to use in the Middle East. I have not had the oppurtunity to use it on a US network. I have not used any of the location-based apps. I wanted to wait a couple of months before offering my personal opinion because initial impressions usually focus on the positives.Positives:* Camera! Wow! 12MP on a phone. It takes great pictures. The videos are above-average for a phone.* USB-to-Go. Comes in handy.* Real Multi-tasking. You can surf the web and listen to music.* Ability to add up to 32GB of additional memory. I would recommend sticking to 16GB cards because 2 are cheaper than one 32GB card.* Bluetooth works great with my Motorola 305 Headphones and Keyboard. Way better connection than with the iPhone 3GS.* Free Ovi Maps for life.* HDMI-Out.* Total control of phone (file manager, themes, ringtones, etc)Needs improvements:* The OS needs some improvements (when compared to Android and the iPhone).* The Web Browser is super slow. Luckily, Opera is offered in the Ovi Store.* 95% of the apps plain suck. My previous phones were mostly iPhones, the King of Apps. The N8 apps are slow, in my opinion, when compared to the iPhone. Must have something to do with the "slower processor" on the N8.* No eReader app* Movies played off external drive (ie. flash drive) routinely skip. Even with all other programs closed on the N8. I found myself having to copy the movie from the drive onto the phone or SD card. The transfer rate is incredibly slow. It took about 10 minutes to transfer a 700mb movie file.* Music player sucks. It looks pretty. But, it gets hung up sometimes. And, there are no other music players for this mobile OS.* Interface with Mac OS needs improvement. Syncing music and playlists doesn't work as well as originally thought. I have smart playlists on iTunes that continually update (ie. Podcasts, new albums). On the N8, I have to delete the playlist first before syncing with my smart playlists.* Occassionally restarts on its on for no apparent reason. I'll contact Nokia when I get back to the US.Other notes:* The N8 could not run one of my external hard drives (Transcend 640GB) because it needed more power to run spin the drive. However, I ended up attaching an external power source (Scosche SolBAT II Solar Powered Backup Battery and Charger) to the hard drive and the hard drive to the N8. It worked.Bottom Line:  Would I buy this phone again? Not for $400. I purchased the phone when it was $400 from Amazon.com. I waited a few months for it to go down from $500. The N8 is a great phone for $300, in my opinion. The camera, HDMI-out, and USB-to-GO are worth $400 if the OS and apps were up to par. Some of the annoyances can be overlooked if you have another form of "entertainment" (ie. iPad). (N8 Camera, HDMI-out, USB-to-go) + (iPhone apps, music player) = Perfect $500 Phone.