what interests me about all these reviews written is that people complain about the camera on the phone. keep in mind you bought a PHONE, not a CAMERA. what did you expect? sure, the pictures are crummy, but sheesh, did you think you were getting a 3MP camera? what people fail to remember is these are PHONES and ultimately, should be graded on reception, clarity of calls and customer service first. the rest of the junk they throw in (ringtones, wallpapers, etc.) are just things to distract from the fact that maybe your phone doesn't perform well, or reception is lousy in your area. it just seems like too many people have the attitude, "i get dropped calls all the time, but hey, i can hear "in da' club" by 50 cent when my boyfriend calls, so i guess i'm keeping it." but hey, it's your money. however, i am also a big fan of "if it's crap, take it back".here's my specs: i live in the quad cities, which borders iowa and illinois and have at&t; with GSM. i previously had their TDMA network (which was flawless, in my area) but knew they were phasing it out, so opted for the GSM network, which actually IS getting better in our area. i live in a kind of "dead area" for cell phone providers, so sprint, us cellular and verizon all lose reception in my apartment. the GSM network is fairly strong where i live (now) so no complaints there. here's my breakdown of the T616 on at&ts; GSM network in bettendorf, iowa:PROS:* good clarity of calls, good reception. people can hear me fine and i can hear them fine. isn't this what cell phone service is supposed to be all about?* lightweight phone, feels nice in hand.* cool design* seems to have enough space for pics and ringtones, should you need to store them.CONS:* the phone SMUDGES like crazy. always looks like some snot-nosed kid got ahold of it and wiped his nose with it. sony gives you a cleaning cloth for a reason. use it.* battery life is nowhere near what anyone said it would be. i think sony ericsson's site said something like "up to 11 hours talk time" and at&t;'s site said up to 6 hours or so. hardly. i have to charge this phone every 2 days or so with moderate use. i would say the talk time, at best, is 3-4 hours if all you did was fully charge it and then get on the phone for a marathon with your mother or something.* camera is crap. kinda neat that you can assign a picture to a caller, but yeah, grainy photo not good for much else.* ring tones are too soft and you can't turn off the "increasing ring" option, so you tend to miss a lot of calls 'cause the first few seconds of the ring are too soft to hear.* i've had some strange behaviour with this phone like it making calls when i wasn't even touching it. still can't seem to figure that one out. i have also had people go straight into voice mail instead of ringing first. believe me, i read the manual - all my settings are correct.* menus are confusiing. i know, we're all used to nokia or LG menus, but the ericsson menus just don't seem to make sense. things aren't where they should be and it takes forever to figure out/remember where certain features are.* side buttons SUCK. use your key lock! i have picked up my phone numerous time to find it surfing the net or waiting to take a picture (camera was on). be careful.hope this helps!