Well I have owned Nokia's for about 15 years. Each Nokia has lasted me around 4 years. My last Nokia (which I still have and use as a internet device aroudn the house) was the Nokia N95-3. This was the greatest phone ever created at the time (in my opinion) and set the bar for phones to follow. This revolutionized my subway travel experience and I would listen to music, play a game, send texts, and go online all at once and it was a pleasure to use. It did have a few problems with shutting off without notice and rebooting which was annoying but the pro's greatly outweighed the con's. Up until recently I ordered the Nokia N8. I have followed all the reviews on this phone and personally, when i get a phone I am in it for the long haul because I hate to constantlty refigure the settings, music etc...so my choice had to be as close to optinal as possible. My Nokia N95 took many videos of my family events and vacations in near DVD quality video and had an on board video and photo editor that many people could not believe I did the work I did on my phone riding the NYC subways. So to pick a new phone is like picking a new technological relationship. I chose the Nokia N8 because of the advanced 12 mp photography and Xenon flash. I know that other people had interface and software problems but I wanted to wait until the Anna update was in place and somewhat tried. When my phone arrived, it had Anna pre-installed which I was happy about as it was unclear that it was being shipped with Anna. So, here is my review of the N8.The User interface is something to get used to coming from a dual slider N95. It is slightly overly responsive and takes some getting used to. I am used to the Symbian system so setting up book marks cuts down on the tap'age that is needed to do simple tasks. The Rhapsody interface was a problem at first but when in doubt, erase and re-add usually does the trick for licensed music. Multi-tasking does not seem to lag despite the lower RAM. I am very power conscious and usually do not keep more than 3 or 4 programs open at one time. Camera is brilliant. Have not taken any videos yet but will do so soon. I am expecting 30 fps with Anna. Internet is very good and reasonably fast (faster than my N95). Screen is great but again, Touch is a new thing and takes some getting used to. The phone itself is a work of art but slippery so I ordered a case for it. Short cuts are key so set them up asap. Power management is pretty good. I expect about 1 day of heavy use which I have gotten for the past few days and with time I will need to charge during the day i am sure. Have not tried the GPS but I am sure it will work ok. N95 was a little basic but did the job so hopefully N8 will be better. One very annoying thing is the voice dialing. On N95 it was a tinny computer voice that was fairly rough sounding but worked. i had expcected the N8 to have an updated clearer voice but it is the same, if not more tinny than the N95! After 4 years, not clearer? Voice commands are a must. That needs improvement. Text in portriat mode also needs to be a little bigger. A little difficulty to type but maybe that will get easier in time. All in all, I am happy with the N8. You just need to customize it to your liking. Flashlight would be great if it had a spare workable LED.  I was waiting for an optical zoom to come out and actually today I think I heard there is one coming next year from Nokia. I am a Nokia Loyalist so hopefully in another 4 years there will be all I want and more. Other phones do a nice job but the Nokia, I think, is still built to last. I would like to give 5 stars but I will save that for a better operating system and software. Symbian 3^ just feels like an upgraded version of the N95 Symbian that looks a little nicer but has the same engine under the hood. My wife mentioned that when I got the N95 I was so amazed by the device and she noticed that after I had this one, I looked underwhelmed. Maybe but to be fair, N8 is still very new and I do like it but as a testomonial to the N95, it has big shoes to fill in terms of being an easy to use workhorse. I do miss playing Chess on N95. Touch screen Chess without a Styulis pen is very difficult. I looked at the N9 but the high price, questionable compatibility with T-mobile, Micro Sim, lack of expandable memory, and lower resolution and flash quality made me opt for the N8. Amazon reviews helped me with my decision so I hope this review helps others. Also, Amazon was fantastic in delivery and packaging.