This phone really pushes the boundaries of "entry level" and shows why HTC is at the front when it comes to building phones.I will start off with the cons first.#1. This phone will never see an upgrade to Android 4.2 Jelly Bean (HTC has stated that any phone with 512MB ram or lower are not upgradable).  I for one will sign any petition other One V owners want to start up in order to get HTC to test an update for us.#2. No front forward facing 1.3MP VGA camera for Skype.#3. HTC killed animations for weather app and kept Sense gui light.#4  All aluminium case means when your phone finally does freeze up, you'll have to wait till the battery dies to restart.#5. Due to the charging port being on the lower left, had to buy a new car mount.Now the pros: Keep in mind, some of the above will be contradicted.#1. HTC Sense was kept light. I owned a HTC Hero, can you say bloated gui! Even if it is not as pretty, it's not slow!#2. Its made of aluminium, not plastic, so it feels tough and rugged.#3. Slim profile and screen is not to big. Phone is light!#4. Battery life is great.#5. In the one month I have owned this phone have only had Iheart radio force close once, phone never froze on me.The slim profile of the all aluminium body with its protruding chin make this a very comfortable phone as well as a sexy and sleek phone.It comes with a 1Ghz. single core processor and 512MB ram, along with 1Gb internal storage. Phone doesn't come with a MiniSD card, and due to its small internal storage I would recommend at least a 16GB card to purchase with it. It comes with Beats Audio which is definitely a plus.It's 3.7" screen is bright and clear. A little small to type on screen with, but is fine when you type in landscape mode.The Camera on this phone despite only being 5MP is actually one of the better camera's I have used. It was kept simple and the gui kept light. It allows you to either hold your finger on the snap icon for burst shots or to snap a photo while video recording your sons little league baseball game.BlueTooth on this phone works good with my car and good with my computer. Although hotspotting is disabled, you can tether it to your computer with Klink or other such apps. As far as Sense being stripped down there were things I had to download and buy. HTC Evo V (My girlfriends phone) has quick settings on her shade that makes turning Mobile/WiFi/Bluetooth on and off easy. This phone didn't. Although unlike her phone the notifications shade drops at lock screen, so I purchased express settings and killed that little drawback.Phone runs Crackle and Netflix, although its better on WiFi for obvious reasons. Youtube is as good on any other phone and if your wondering if the single core and lack of ram will run GLWG or Angry Birds, Yes it will with no lag. Facebook comes pre-installed and runs better on this phone than on my last phone (Motorola Photon 4G 1.2Ghz dual core with 1GB ram) which was locked to Gingerbread 2.3 after Moto screwed their customers. Battery Life will depend on how hard you push it. Watching video or playing games will kill your battery in about 2.5 hours. I get roughly depending on if I remember to shut off mobile network in week signal area's and wifi when not home about 30 hours before having to charge it. but on a 10 hour shift at work left it on all knight with Iheart playing and went from 90% down to 37%. My old phone would have lasted about 4 hours!All in all if your looking for a good solid phone that will run like a trooper, look no further. It has embodied all that HTC stands for. A good product designed to be rugged and last forever.