I sync my Treo with my apple computer and have no problems (you'll need the "missing sync" software). The Treo itself has some issues that have disappointed me, however:Like all PDA Operating Systems (OS's), including Windows, they tend to crash a lot. What I've discovered is that this OS is extremely stable but only when I load the right programs. It's like driving a car, but only down certain streets, or you'll fall off a cliff. It's hit-or-miss adventure; you'll have to load programs one at a time and after a few days, see if they created any problems or crashes. If not, then you should have no issues with crashes; then go ahead and load the next one. If you experience problems, you can delete it and it will resolve the crash issue. But not being able to use a program (especially a much needed one) is very disappointing and a downfall for some users like me. This hugely limiting factor seems to make my Treo resemble more of an expensive organizer. Some folks simply live through the PDA crashes but I can't adjust to it. You need to count on some good luck and hope a program will not cause problems. The good news is that the few times it has crashed, I never once lost my data and could go on using my PDA as before. This is important if you're not near your computer for a sync. You simply unscrew the tip of the stylus to reveal a pin that you can use to hit the tiny "reset" button. The Treo re-boots with all my data, contacts & calendar intact.Bluetooth: The lack of bluetooth is also a bummer. I did not think I would need bluetooth, but now realize its usefullness. As technology improves, this Treo is at a disadvantage.Phone contacts: You can easily pop in your sim card but you can't save or utilize the phone book on your sim card. You'll have to either import your contacts from your computer or type it into the phone manually. This is not a good feature if you pop your sim card between different phones.Internet: Good colors & graphics, but connection is slow. A real pain to type quickly with the thumb keyboard.Portability: This Treo is quite bulky and heavy. It's not one that you can simply throw in your pocket and go hang out in the park with. It gets in the way and fits better in your handbag or briefcase. But then you might not hear the phone or feel it vibrate, which is defeating.Photos: The quality of the pictures are not very good. You can easily set the phone to display a picture of your caller, but that's not a remarkable feature.Graffiti: You can't write graffiti style on the screen. You have to use the thumb keyboard or type it in with the sylus.To Do List: If you accidently tap the box next to a To-Do-List item, it will delete your note and sometimes you can't undo the action, so be careful.For most of these issues, there are folks selling third party solutions. Sometimes they work, sometimes they don't.There are some pluses: the Treo is a quad-band phone. I use T-Mobile in NYC and get great reception. I also travel all over the world to places like India, Egypt, & West Africa and call home with perfect reception. It has a never ending "call-log" that has helped me in many ways. The battery lasts a long time and charges quickly.Personally, I think this Phone/PDA is too expensive, too heavy and needs some upgrading. The PDA/phone market is slowly improving but it needs a lot of work. If you must buy this Treo, keep a small cellphone nearby so you can pop in your sim card and throw the cellphone in your pocket when you want to travel light. Otherwise, you'll be tied down to the Treo's bulkiness when you don't need it.