I have owned this phone for over a year now and know it in and out. This is the best phone I have used so far. SE put together a lot of good things in this upgrade to the M600.This phone is intended for the business users who want to have fun once in a while with full set of multimedia features.PROS:1. Shape, Size, Form - This is a very well constructed phone with solid feel. The front has brushed aluminum along the border. The battery cover has a velvet texture which feels nice. This is not a big or small phone. Its perfect in shape and size, just a little thick (0.7"). It isn't too heavy either and feels solid. Taking into account that it has a QWERTY keyboard, its very compact compared to other QWERTY phones.2. Full Touchscreen - The screen of this phone is gorgeous. It has bright and vibrant colors. Photos, videos, fonts are crisp and clear.3. QWERTY keyboard - The 'rocker' style keys on this phone are amazing. It takes a little to get used to but once you're at it...its great to type on.4. UIQ 3 - The OS on this smartphone is UIQ 3 which is very simple and easy to use. Yeah, it crashes but not that much. The user interface is intuitive and slick. There are tons of applications (both free and paid) for the platform.5. Wifi - This phone supports wifi 'b'. It supports several security standards which are easy to use and configure.6. RAM - It has 128mb on board RAm which might be less compared to what other smartphones have these days but it is sufficient for this puppy. You can have many applications open at a time and running simultaneously in the background. It supports multi-tasking as well.7. Camera - It has 2 cameras. The major one is a 3.2mp camera with auto focus and flash. It takes superb pictures with great clarity. It supports video as well. It has a dedicated camera key as well. The secondary camera is a VGA camera used mainly for video conferencing.8. Speakerphone - The speakerphone on this is loud and clear.9. Battery Life - I disagree with reviewers who say that this phone has pathetic battery life. (After over a year of rigorous use) I do not have to charge it for at least 2 days with normal calls and internet usage over wifi.10. Internet Browser - This comes with Opera Mobile 8.65 browser out of the box which gives full html browsing experience (sans flash). A new version of Opera Mobile (9.5 beta) makes browsing much better and is amazing as it has widget support as well. I even run widgets on my phone built for Opera's desktop browser. There are several other browsers available for free too.11. Youtube Support - It plays youtube videos out of the box. Clarity is good not stellar and sound quality is amazing (dependent upon youtube quality as well)12. Bluetooth - It supports full stereo bluetooth with A2DP and AVRCP profiles. You can transfer files (any kind) and sync over bluetooth to other devices as well.13. Email - It has full email support with Microsoft Exchange and Blackberry support built-in. You can download attachments and attach files to emails to send them easily.14. Business Users - It has full support for VPN, Blackberry features and Microsoft Exchange capabilities built-in. These work flawlessly.15. Multimedia - It supports several audio and video formats and also has fm tuner built-in.16. Memory - 160mb on board memory and an expansion slot which supports up to 8gb of memory stick m2 card. Enough for normal use.CONS:1. No 3G Support in USA - This phone is built for Europe and functions completely in Europe.2. Triband GSM.3. Wifi 'g' - No support for 54mbps wifi.4. Support - Weak support from SE. They stopped bringing out new firmwares.5. Non-flush Touchscreen - The screen could be flush with the outer cover for easier functionality.6. UIQ 3 - I am listing this under 'Cons' as well as the platform is dying. There are very few developers working on this technology now to bring out innovative applications.