I had to write this on here because apparently AT&T; doesnt like people knowing what kind of phone their getting through customer reviews. Also, their GoPhone support is basically non-existant. Spent at least 20 mins cycling through automated menus, only to always ended back up at the same one that basically only lets you check your balance or add money, even after calling a totally different number. Online service is no help either. Try to log in with your phone number and it redirects you to the GoPhone site to log in again. Then just gives you an overview of your account, and if you manage to find the "Contact Us" link, it leads you to the main site to log in yet again, only to be kicked back to the abandoned-looking GoPhone site. Repeat cycle.With all that out of the way; this thing only has 256mb of RAM and a super slow processor. I had to root it and download an app to speed up the CPU, and it still barely runs Angry Birds. Angry Birds Space crashes half the time.  But the call quality is really good, which is the point of a phone..texting is nice, except for if you use the Swype keyboard then theres a button between the space and either period or comma that switches it to spanish, then again to Simplified Chinese, that is super easy to accidently push. So if all of a sudden your auto-fill words start popping up as Spanish, that'd most likely be why. I mention I rooted my phone, and you pretty much have to unless you're ok with useless bloatware that takes up literally half your ram. The "internal SD card", that I have yet to figure out how to access, is almost full out of the box with stupid stuff like Twitter and Layar. The only way to get rid of it is to root it and download something to go in and forcefully remove it. Even then random stuff like google maps and gmail will keep automatically starting themselves, using valuable resources.  It also has several different programs that do basically the same thing. There was one or two TTS (text-to-speech) programs that were very resource taxing. It takes some trial and exploring to go through and find which programs are actually free, such as google maps, and which are just trials of a paid program, such as Navigator.As far as any kind of entertainment value (i.e apps, video, even pictures), this thing has 0 resources to spare. Even something simple like Fruit Ninja sputters and can be slow (even with the bumped up processor speed). Pictures in the photo gallery take their sweet time loading and are arranged by oldest date first. So if you want to get to recent picures you didnt just take with this phones (fairly lousy) camera, then be prepared to scroll for a while. The scrolling itself is even fairly aggravating, as it will zip to the end if you hold the scroller bar at the bottom, but tends to plop right back to where it was once you let go. Even for a 3.2mp camera, its not great. My Samsung Reality's 2.3mp camera I feel took better pictures.If you go for the 50$ plan thinking its unlimited everything, SmartPhones still require a secondary data package. I dropped down to the 25$ plan after learning that, and suddenly it seems like my WiFi barely works. I dont know if they set up the network like that for some reason or if the phone itself suddenly decided it didnt want to work, but its something to take note of.. oh, and if you turn your data off thinking that you dont want to occur any charges, make sure you turn it back on in order to receive any picture messages.