OK, listen up the phone is outstanding, I order the phone for myself because I did not want to pay all that money for a phone which I only use 1/4 of the functions. My wife told me for the price it must be a junk. Well the phone arrived last night and I turned it on and to my surprise it is a well make produce, I was scarce because it was made in China, boy was I wrong. People this phone is so smooth, smoother than silk as far as the apps are concern they works great. One problem I did encounter getting the SIM card in the slot was very tight I almost broke the SIM card other than that once inserted I was ready to go. I cannot give any further detail because I just got the phone but I will keep you update. Last and not least, my wife took procession of my new phone and advice me to order another one for myself.. I cannot win but got to keep the wife happy. I highly recommend this phone for people that are conservative with money but still want quality at a low price. Good luck.It is April 29 and I had the phone a little over a week and here is what I found so far that I do and do not like:CON: The Blue tooth has a very weak connection, I connected my head set and for a minute there it sounded great until I put the phone in my back pocket and the signal kelp cutting on and off that was very irritating.CON: If it is sunny outside you might as well put the phone away because it is impossible to see the screen unless you can find some spade and you still have a lot of glare.Con: Battery is very weak it good for about 5 hour if you are watching U-tube. My 7in tablet it good for about 8 hours.PRO: You get a second batteryPRO: The phone is easy to usePRO: The touch screen work super, easy to maneuver from page to pageSo far this is what I found wrong and Positive with this phone, I am going to get back with you in about 2  weeks and by this time I should have a good feel on the performance of this phone.It is 21 May 2013 and all I can say is... BUY IT!! I love this phone, the blue tooth problem work itself out and for whatever reason the battery is holding the charge well throughout the day. I watch a lot of movie with this phone. I cannot stress this enough for the money the phone is better than the Samsung or the I-Phone, save your money and get this phone you will fall in love with it and I am not a phone person until now. One last thing I had a BlackBerry touch pay $700 and it was junk, gave it to my brother In-law. Good luck and happy phoning