I got this phone 2 days early!OK. First off, I must elucidate some facts. This phone has some history behind it. The original Sidekick LX 2009(PV300) was discontinued initially in 2010. It was re-released in two forms: The Mobilicity Mobiflip(Sharp PV300G) in late 2010 and the Cincinnati Bell Sharp Jump (PV300GC/PV300GR)in 2011.I received the PV300GR. This is not the ORIGNAL(nor does it come in the original black box), yet, it is a modified version that doesn't include the Catalog, AIM/Yahoo/Live IM clients, the browser, or the Email client. Instead, there is a generic IM application(I guess you could use any handle/service you want), Opera Mini(an EXCELLENT browser); the Catalog and Email client have no replacements.The misconception arises with people saying this phone can't access the Internet. The truth is: The original Sidekick can't, nor can the Mobiflip because they lack the option to change the network APN. The Sharp Jump does have this option, meaning you can change the APN, thus you can get online.(There is a caveat: The 3G bands are 1700/2100, so you can only get 3G with T-Mobile, or any MVNO that uses T-Mobile like Simple Mobile and Straight Talk. Otherwise, you'll revert to GRPS/EDGE for data, like I do on AT&T.;) This also goes for Multimedia Messaging, so long as you know and change the MMS gateways.As a phone, it functions very well. I can hear callers clearly, and they have no problem hearing me. However, to me, it seems that there is a slight echo whenever I speak. Also, the ringer is not terribly loud. It's enough if you're close to it, but you probably won't hear it if it's two rooms away.As a messaging device, it's awesome. The keyboard is very spacious, but a little shallow: the buttons don't have a lot of give. The text messaging and multimedia messaging inboxes are seperate, and that's nice. There's no threaded messaging in these applications, nor is there a lot of space in either(100 messages on device and 30 on SIM for texting; 2MB total for Multimedia messaging). There is an auto delete function for both, so that's a means of management for heavy texters.As a browser, it's OK. Obviously, browsing would be better on a smartphone, but Opera Mini does a commendable job of rendering pages through Opera's compression servers(helps save money for those who browse per kilobyte). Text entry is a snap with the keyboard.This device also has a 3.5mm headphone jack along with a microSDHC slot(I think it'll take up to 32GB; I have a 16GB card and it works fine). The media player functions great.  You can access it wherever you may be on the phone by pressing the Jump and Done buttons at the same time. However, getting video to play on the device is a troublesome task. It says it supports MP4 and 3GP, but all the files I've thrown at it were not supported. I'll have to try a different video codec and report back...The customization options are fair enough. You can choose one of four themes for the main screen(I found means of sideloading themes, but that doesn't work for this phone. A slight bummer.) You have plenty of choice for ringtones, but to set them, you must go into the Phone, Text Messaging, and Multimedia Messaging applications to set each kind of alert. You can import ringtones from Multimedia messages(once you set it up), but they don't have the custom light patterns like the default ringtones. Instead, the moodlights flash to the bassline and the trackball cycles the color spectrum.The camera will do in a pinch, just not inside. If you are inside trying to take a photo, make sure to have some lights on to begin with. I haven't messed with shooting video, but seeing as it only shoots up to QVGA, I personally wouldn't bother.Overall, I have to give this phone a 5/5. It's a great device for those that just message a lot, or need the basics. You want apps, go get a smartphone(Honestly, you really won't be missing much... heh.) I'll monitor the comments for anyone who also happens to receive the Sharp PV300GR and who want help to set up the settings for the Internet and Multimedia Messaging.UPDATE: 8/7/12:I've figured out how to place Themes and Videos on the device.Videos are best encoded in 3GP format, at a resolution of 480*272 with the H.263 video codec and the AAC audio codec. You can just paste them anywhere on the drive.Themes are created as such(NOTE: YOU NEED A MEMORY CARD FOR THIS):1. Plug your phone into your PC with the USB cable.2. Access the phone's drive and create a new folder called Themes.3. For each Theme, you must have all defined elements noted in a text file, titled theme. A simple one can be made as such:string Name(en_US) (Place the theme name here, must be the same name as the folder)bitmap ring-background (Place the name of the photo you want as the background here, including the file type, ie: neon.jpg or neon.png. I HIGHLY recommend using a 854x480 photo)bitmap ring-folder-background (Can be the same as above, or a different photo. Again, follow the same rules for bitmap ring-background.)4. Place the theme.txt file and the photos in the same folder. Title the folder the same as the theme name.(If you set the string Name(en_US) as Neon, then the folder MUST ALSO be titled Neon.)5. Place the folder in the Themes folder.6. Unplug your phone from the PC and give it a few moments to read your card. From the main screen, press Menu and go down to Themes. Your theme should show up below the built in four.UPDATE 11/9/12: I am using this phone with Simple Mobile, and I have 3G(!) internet access.Their APN is simply(heh) simple. No password or username.