The G Pro is an amazing device. Finally, the hardware technology and software maturity have come together in a device like this. It is really a pocket computer, tablet, and phone in one package. With Android Jelly Bean and Google Now plus all the great available apps, the G Pro is a secretary and personal assistant that fits in your pocket! The LG Optimus G Pro is breathtakingly fast, faster and less laggy than my friends GS4. The IPS LCD display is beautiful and viewable from very wide angles. It's also bright enough for viewing in direct sunlight. The viewing experience is closer to watching an HDTV at home; more so than Samsungs AMOLED displays. At 5.5 inches the display is just big enough to really enjoy web surfing and movies. I have a full 96GB of SSD equivalent "hard drive" space since I added a 64GB SDXC Class 10 micro-SD card: Komputerbay 64GB Class 10 UHS-1 Grade 1 70MB/s MicroSDXC Pro Memory Card using Samsung NAND with Komputerbay SD Adapter. Meanwhile, the wireless and 4G LTE data transfer rates are fantasic, and I'm getting a full day of heavy use with the 3,140 mAh battery. Add the camera, NFC, sensors, and IR blaster, and it's just icing on the cake. In fact, the LGs camera and video performance are so good that let's hope no one like "Anthony Weiner" gets a hold of the G Pro!The Optimus G Pro with it's 5.5 inch screen is really at the comfortable limit for a pocketable device. A fairly good assortment of cases and screen protectors are also becoming available for the G Pro. I just ordered a 9H hardness tempered glass screen protector Armorz Stealth Extreme R Tempered Glass for LG Optimus G Proand a rugged case Amzer AMZ95794 Double Layer Hybrid Case Cover with Kickstand for LG OPTIMUS G Pro - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - Black/White to protect my G Pro. I also have TPU slim cases and a bifold leather case for it too: Iwotou LG Optimus G Pro Case Bundle/ 4 Flexible Matte Rubber Skin Soft TPU Gel Case Covers + 2 Stylus+ 1 Cleaning Cloth+ 1 Wristband (Black Blue Clear Gray) and [Brown] Verus LG Optimus G Pro Leather Case Layered Dandy Diary - Premium Two Tone Vintage PU Leather Wallet Case - AT&T;, GSM, International, and Unlocked - Optimus G Pro E980 2013 ModelI have had smartphones since the days of my UTStarcom PPC-6700. I have also had devices from Samsung, HTC, LG, and Blackberry, but none had ever embodied my dream of a true computer I could always have with me. Finally, that dream has been realized in the Optimus G Pro. I resisted the urge to jump on the tablet bandwagon knowing that a tablet would never be something I could always have with me, and it wouldn't make calls. The first phablets from Samsung were also not quite good enough to do everything. With the Optimus G Pro, LG has created the ultimate mobile computer that just happens to make phone calls too. I don't miss a stylus either. I had one with the UTStarcom that stowed in the phone like the Notes do, yet I still managed to lose a half dozen of them. In addition, I actually found that a stylus slows things down in the time it takes to pull it out and then restow it. Now with the LG Optimus G Pro I just dictate notes, calendar entries, shopping lists, and reminders.Sure, the Note III will be out this fall along with phablets from others like HTC. They will also be packing the latest Snapdragon 800 quad cores and 3 gigs of RAM. However, they will come at prices 3 times that of the LG. I got my Optimus G Pro as my first upgrade in 3 years on ATT for $60. It's an incredible value now going for less than half of what the GS4 and HTC One are selling for. Finally, the LG Optimus G Pro is such a capable device that I speculate I wont need to upgrade again for quite some time.