I don't review much unless I get a product that really stands out. The 920 is that product.I own the Red 920 and actually owned a Windows Phone prior to the Lumia 920; it was the HTC Arrive on Sprint, which was WP7. Now even though that was a fairly decent phone, HTC makes cheap products so it ended up breaking in multiple areas because it was made out plastic and poorly shaped aluminum.However, the 920's unibody framework is sturdy. You can tell how well built it is when you hold it. There is not a single area that feels like it's going to break or bend or give any form of trouble. The edges are smooth and its curves make it a beautiful phone to look at.The Windows 8 Operating system is the best on the market. Anyone can say what they want but, when it gets down to it, this OS is fast, functional, efficient, and effective. Even though the App's market could use some growing, many of the apps that you would need or want on an iPhone and/or Android device, comes native to the Windows Phone Operating system. Thus, all other apps are pretty much geared to entertainment--which is, at least in my humble opinion, what a phone should do.Now to be fair, there are a few aspects that do need attention but they aren't deal breakers by far. For example, although the phone comes with Microsoft Office Suite, it only has Microsoft Word and Excel within the suite. OneNote, which is my most used and favorite app by far, is its own separate app instead of being included in the suite. Now this is a minor annoyance to me because in WP7 everything was in ONE suite/hub. Either way, its more of me being picky than anything else.The battery life is Insanely good. I can go up to 17 hours straight without needing to charge and that's with fairly heavy usage. If anyone has owned a smartphone before, you know that that's an admirable feat. My last phone barely did 10 to 12 hours. My Palm Pre+ barely got 7 hours. My wife's HTC Thunderbolt is constantly dying multiple times a day. The only other phone that'll match it is the iPhone in regards to battery life that is.Now, if you are planning on getting Windows 8 for your computer or are going to purchase a computer with windows 8 on it, then this is most definitely the phone to have (or any windows phone for that matter). It syncs up like nothing I've ever seen before. Between Windows 8 and skydrive, moving files around couldn't be any easier. I was lucky enough to get the 25gb skydrive that MS was handing out with WP7 so it's even better for me. Nonetheless, anything over 5gbs is good enough for documents and pictures. I say this because I literally have hundreds of pictures and documents (including work documents) and I'm not even close to hitting 5gb in storage. So believe me when I say its plenty enough storage.The best feature of the phone is definitely the Camera. Nokia went out of their way to create a beast of a camera. It literally takes the best pictures I've ever seen any phone take. Nearly every picture looks professional even when you're hardly trying. The low light pictures are bar none the best on the market as well. Couple that with the exclusive Nokia apps in the App Store and you'll feel like a photographer no matter how little skill you actually have. Add the fact that it's a floating lens which reduces shaking and blurring, and you can take incredible pictures that rival stand alone cameras. The ONLY con I've seen in regards to the camera is that while taking Low-Light pics, you have to be really, really still. It's the only time that movement will ruin the picture. This is because the Lens "aperture" has to stay open longer when in dark environments; thus, any movement will cause a blurring/streaking effect. Other than that, you'll notice more pros than cons.Rather than babbling on I'll say this...Go to any store that has the 920, play with it for a bit. It'll seem a bit alien at first but as you use it, the more it'll grow on you. After giving it a whirl, use any other phone i.e. Android and/or iPhone and you'll see the difference. If you want to have a phone that gets you what you want and how you want it as fast as possible then Windows phone is the one to have and the Lumia 920 is definitely a great choice. If the 920 isn't your gig and you'd want something more mid-range, then the 820 series are pretty awesome as well. Windows has really put thought and effort into this platform and they're leaving their competitors in the dust. Nokia is the premier manufacturer as well so the two together is like a peanut butter and jelly haha. Seriously, try one, hold it, use it...but make sure you use it as you would in real life and you'll see the difference.if you read all of this, then thanks! I hope it helped and I hope you enjoy whichever phone you choose!