This is an amazing Android phone. Very well-made. The price has been going up and down like a yoyo, though. Two weeks after I ordered it, there was a US$19 drop. The vendor has kindly promised to send an additional battery to make it up. Service from this vendor (lol-buy) is quite good. No complaints here.There is already a very helpful and somewhat long review thread on the orange version. I'll simply touch upon two major issues here:(1) The sim cards: I have tried an AT&T; data plan micro-sim (an adapter is needed), booted up the phone and the card is recognized. After entering info in the sim management panel, 3G service is indicated by an H next to the signal bars. No problems answering and calling at all. Then a second sim from another country is tested, also recognized right away; although a field test will have to be deferred until my next overseas trip.(2) The GPS: It actually works well. A Satellite Check app (also included in the Polaris Navigation app) operating in the magnetic mode (for indoor use) picks up 9-12 satellites in a few minutes. It takes only seconds to get a fix outdoors. Google Navigation works flawlessly.On the flip side, the display is no retina display; it is just good enough for general viewing. And some apps don't work - those requiring a magnetic sensor (it does not have one), for example, the compass apps. Not deal breakers, of course.Overall, for the money, this is a surprisingly good smartphone. Some tweaking is needed, but it is part of the fun.5/13/2013 Update: (1) The vendor quickly sent over the battery. (2) After many tries, this phone simply cannot be rooted.6/4/2013 Update: This phone actually can be rooted. Now it is perfect!7/19/2013: After almost 3 months of daily use, this phone is still going strong. There has been a huge improvement, thanks to Google. The newest Google Maps no longer stays in RAM thus avoiding the previous version's eating up the memory.8/15/2013: After inserting a new battery, all of a sudden, the phone begins to randomly shut down, does not wake up from sleep, cannot fully reboot, and worse, the battery cannot be re-charged. Turns out to be a contact issue: the three copper pins on the battery and the phone sometimes do not kiss tightly. The battery needs to be about 0.1-0.2mm longer. A spacer made from aluminum foil corrects the problems. These symptoms are suspiciously similar to some previous comments complaining about a broken phone or unchargeable battery. Probably just a loose connection.3/3/2014: After testing umpteen apps. Two prove the most useful: (1) a browser with a funny name "Naked Browser" allows automatic deletion of history, cache, etc, on exit; and (2) MobileUncle is a must, in its Engineering -> localization mode, a GPS fix can be obtained in less than 18 sec. Others such as Documents-to-Go works well with Dropbox and phone calls, both US and international, with Viber is a breeze. This dual core phone still does a good job, it'll be interesting to see if the ones with octacore will now take over.