I've had my Boulder for almost 5 years now, and let me tell you, this is about the most rugged phone you can imagine.Want to talk waterproof? I've kept this thing intentionally submerged for over an hour, and I've done it many times. It's actually a (stupid) parlor trick that I'll use at a bar or restaurant - order a glass of water on the side, and then plop my phone in it for the duration of my visit to impress my friends. I've also gone to outdoor parties with a 4-ft above-ground swimming pool, and let the kids amuse themselves trying to find it at the bottom of the pool.Want to talk rugged? I've dropped this thing countless times. Hell, I've thrown it across a room on occasion. At worst what might happen is that the battery might come loose - but I've actually only seen that happen when I have the extended-life battery in (which projects outward from the back somewhat, unlike the default battery which sits flush against the back). Some of the plastic portions of the phone are scratched/worn from all the abuse this phone has seen, but that's about the only ill effect it has suffered from all the abuse I've dished out.It has an external bulb on it to support a flashlight function. Not only is this a nice idea, but it also happens to be an incredibly bright bulb (comparatively speaking), making this a very convenient feature.Those are the feathers in its cap. Now let's talk about its black eyes.It's not a smartphone. If you want a smartphone, you need something else.It takes pretty lousy pictures and video.It cannot store many text messages. I mean, I like to save texts that have sentimental value; unfortunately for me, this phone won't save but about 125 or so before complaining about its memory being full. It has severe limitations on how many picture messages it can store as well. I've had phones from 2002 that could store more text messages.The original battery had a horrible battery life. However, to be fair, the extended-life battery has a fan-freaking-fabulous battery life.It has, on occasion, randomly rebooted - and even occasionally locked up - on me. These are incredibly rare events, though.The alarm (as in, the alarm clock feature) stops making noise after about a minute. Not cool.I like a phone that warns me when the battery is low - and then ceases to bug me about it once I acknowledge that I'm aware of the situation. I can't stand hearing a warning sound every five minutes, nor do I like seeing a "Battery is Low!" sign whenever I try to glance at the clock. This phone completely fails at the aforementioned pet peeve of mine. Um, Casio, chances are that if I'm *not* plugging in my phone when the battery is low, it's because I *can't* plug it in, so could you please stop bugging me about it? Sure, my battery might be low, but we all know that a low battery is still typically good for at least 60-90 minutes of standby time, and maybe even 5-7 minutes of talk time (which is very possibly what I'm counting on, and the reason that I haven't simply shut the phone off).The built-in compass isn't terribly reliable; it's often right on target, but sometimes it's 180-degrees off, even after I do the figure-eight thing that's supposed to reinitialize its sense of direction. I'd be terrified to actually have to count on it in an emergency.It has an external button on the left-hand side that's supposed to be for playing music (i.e. using the phone as an MP3 player). I can't tell you how many times I've accidentally hit that button when trying to adjust my phone volume. It's a really bad design, and I think they just stuck that on there to try to compete with older-generation iPhones.It has horrible (pretty much unusable) volume when used with Bluetooth devices. You might think that this must be a problem with the Bluetooth device but no, I've tried it with a couple, and had the same result. When used with a *different* phone, the Bluetooth devices worked fine. And these were Bluetooths (Blueteeth?) that I actually bought from the Verizon store, guaranteed to be compatible (loosely speaking, apparently) with my Boulder.And that's all I have.So yeah, in summary... about the most rugged phone you can possibly imagine, and definitely the one you want to have if you're out in the elements. Just don't count on it to be able to do anything except some relatively basic functions.