I bought two of these phones and they are wonderful. I won't get into tech specs since it has been covered by many mobile sites. The phone itself is pretty slim and feels good in the hand (easier to handle than my HD2). With moderate to heavy use I only notice a about a 40% drop at the end of the day, so I estimate one could easily get 2+ days of use before recharge. My HD2 with froyo would use approx 70% a day doing same the tasks.As for apps they all work as they should, along with Tango which works perfectly for me. Also I'm not sure if its Google blocking certain apps for compatibility issues since this phone is so new but many apps I use I can't find on android market anymore i.e. Angry birds (all except beta),system panel, es file explorer and a few others. I did side load them but since I didn't install them from market I don't get the option to update which kinda sucks. Also one phone came with the updated market place (the one with the green design)and that one received the upgrade to Android 2.3.3 as soon as I connected to a wifi hotspot and the other came with the older market (the grey one) and didn't get a prompt for Gingerbread even if I try to manually search for update it comes back saying "No system Update Available For Your Device". Also Updating to 2.3.3 doesn't lock your phone just in case anyone was wondering.I got both phones from FGS Trading and both units were brand new, all protective wrapping was still on the phones and all accessories were included. Shipping was also very quick as I got them like 3 days before the estimate arrival date. The phones I received were Chinese models which came with 3 language options, 2 Chinese ones and English (Hong Kong SAR), a free 8GB Sandisk class 2 microsd card, Htc headset, micro usb cable and Htc usb charger with a 3 pin Chinese/UK head and also a UK to Us adapter which works fine. I really don't see an issue with the adapter because it works but us buyers can just get the official HTC us head. We use UK 3 pins plugs locally so it was perfect for me.UPDATE 18/6/2011 - All the apps I noticed I could no longer find on the market place are back (Angry birds etc.). There is a slight echo on voice calls, you can hear yourself echo but the person can't hear it. 720p video seems less jittery with 2.3.3 upgrade but maybe it's just me. Alpharev is coming out with a s-on root really soon so maybe you should hold off updating to 2.3 because I'm not sure if it will support Gingerbread.UPDATE 15/8/2011 - The slight echo I mentioned disappeared one day and never returned. Phone has been great and has easily produced 2.5 days of light to moderate use on a single charge (this is with data off btw). Only issue is wifi coverage, it is really poor versus my hd2. Max reach is about 30ft away thru 2 6" cinder block walls from router. HD2 would get about double the range before it lost connection. As of writing I have sold this phone to upgrade to a Galaxy S2 and the speed difference is amazing but the build quality with the incredible is better in my opinion.