I picked this up as I wanted a qwerty phone since I text more than call these days, but didn't want to worry about wrecking an expensive phone, theft, etc, and have no need for a phone with internet access. I got it from Amazon's Warehouse Deals, described as "Used, Like New". The box was beat up, but unopened, and the phone, battery, and charger were still sealed in their bags. Very happy about that. I looked around online and found the AT&T;/OEM car charger, data cables, rubber cases, screen protectors, and a memory card for a few bucks apiece, and downloaded the factory documentation and gave that a quick scan. I have somewhere around $60 invested in everything, which I think is very good compared to retail pricing in-store ($70 locally for just the phone, tax inc).Yes, the phone will apparently get flaky if you text a lot and save the texts to the phone's memory. *edit* I had thought it saved texts to the SD card, but it saves them only to the phone memory, then additional messages are saved to the SIM. A week later, and it's telling me it's out of room. Lame.The keypad is tiny (I can cover 16 keys with the tip of my thumb), but it is still fairly easy to use, and the tactile feedback is good. While I don't find it difficult to use normally, it will absolutely prevent me from texting in the car, which is a good thing.Someone had posted that they are always hitting the volume key in their pocket, making the phone ring incessantly. I put the soft case on it, and turned on the auto keypad lock, both of which prevent inadvertent use. I have had this in my pocket almost constantly without any problems at all.Call quality seems to be pretty good, although I would like the call volume to go a bit higher. If I'm in the middle of something, or in a loud area, I just connect my Bluetooth headset, which is much louder than the phone's earpiece. Not ideal, but easy enough.The pictures seem okay; better than I expected from a 1.3MP camera, anyway. If I wanted better picture quality, I'd use a camera, or would have bought a better phone. For the things I will use the camera for, it works fine.There are a few minor quirks that I find annoying. Ringtone size is limited to 300KB. I have not been able to assign different tones for calls and texts, which I find strange. The menu layout and shortcuts can mostly be easily changed to be a little easier to navigate (compared to my previous phones, anyway), and most settings are simple and obvious. Some of the shortcuts and such, I wish could be removed entirely, but since this was intended to be a prepaid phone, I understand why they are locked in. I have not yet figured out how to save pictures sent in multimedia messages to a separate folder on the card, and haven't yet figured out how to enlarge them within the message. This is kind of annoying, but not a deal-breaker. My old flipphone would allow both of those steps, and I had assumed it was a fairly standard thing.There are a few things that I absolutely hate about this device; the pre-programmed keys (left, right, and center on the thumbpad) to pull up AT&T;'s awful browser, email, and chat cannot, as far as I can tell, be reprogrammed or deleted. Since you use the pad for most things, I find it easy to start one while trying to do something else on the phone. This will probably diminish as I get used to the phone, but right now, I hate these "features".I run Win 7 64 bit on my desktop, and Pantech's USB drivers included in their PC Suite software don't seem to be compatible with this OS, and don't appear to work on my older XP system either. I searched online for, found, and tried, several solutions, none of which have worked so far. So, in order to transfer files from the phone to the PC, or vice versa, I have to remove the microSD card, put it in the USB shuttle I have, and then perform whatever step that way. Hopefully I can find a work-around for this, but at the moment, all I can do is charge the phone via USB, and get annoyed when PC Suite crashes. I would like to figure out how to have Windows treat the phone as a simple flashdrive (as it did with all of my other phones), but have had no luck so far. I find this fairly annoying.So, yeah, for what I paid, it's a good phone, IMO. If the driver issue were resolved, and the pre-programmed keys could be changed, I'd be thrilled. As it stands, I'm satisfied with this purchase. If I had paid retail... honestly, I probably wouldn't be as happy, but at half price, from Amazon and not a third party, I think it's a good buy. My expectations are probably too high for phones in this price/feature range, but I think it's probably deserving of a 4 star rating.