Well I have had an older basic Tracfone for a few years and have had affordable mobile cell phone use at very low cost for myself and my wife. I read the reviews on this LG800G and at first did not go for it because of some of the negative comments.  The phone arrived priorty Mail 5 days after I ordered it.  Inside the box was the familiar Tracfone package and the LG800G life time triple minute phone inside.  Also a sheet of paper explaining how to add the minutes and the pin number for the minutes on the same sheet of paper.  Activating the phone first online was easy(phone comes with 20 minutes), then adding the 400 minute 1 year (1200 after tripling) minutes using the tracfone online site also worked fine and i got 1220 minutes and 425 days of service.  This is the best way to deal with Tracfone...add minutes online.  My main gripe is the touch screen.  First it feels like frosted plastic.  Second it is not as senstative to touch as I hoped for.  I have an Ipod 4th generation and so I am spoiled.  I put a screen protector on it as soon as i could because it just seems very "scratchable".  I was concerned about accidental  Internet "browsing" but I was able to move the Icon for that off the main screen.  Also I tried the browser very breifly and it was just .5 unit for under the minute i was connected.  It gave me a warning I was about to go online and gave me the option to back out.  I did not go any further with that until I find the manual for the phone that is suppose to be somewhere on the Tracfone Website.  The Manual that comes with the phone (English and Spanish) is not bad for basic use but not enough for all the options. It doesnt tell you want happens after you hit the browser Icon...It will be trial and error as your minutes get used up. Text message was .3 unit and seems fine.  I have not talked on it yet but dont expect that to be any less than what I am accustomed to with my older Tracfone. This LG800G phone is ok but don't expect good touch experience. I wanted the ablilty to occasionally get on the web to check email and that is why i upgraded to this level. I liked the design of the Tracfone T404G slide out keyboard but was concerned about the many accidental browser button mishaps reported in the reviews...no touch screen to compalin about with that phone...so I did not get it...mabye I should have gotten it?  There is my remorse.  I am going to keep the LG 800G phone anyway.  I did not order a USB Cable because I have so many cables I thought i would have one that fits...WRong!  LG cable needed for this phone.  There is a $2.5O  cable on Amazon that I just orded today...includes shipping.  If you don't have the cable you can't connect the phone to your PC to put things on the micro sd card ( you need to buy that too)...it sits under the battery inside the phone...that would be a hassle to remove it everytime you wanted to add or delete MP3 songes or whatever to the card ( and mabye lose all yur settings you made on the phone)...so you will need the cable.  The 1200 one year minute deal is great  so I am happy with that.  Tracfone is still in my opinion a good way to go for people who want mobile phone use at the lowest possible cost.  Very nice to have when on vacation!!!!!  Good Luck with your decision and hope you make the best choice for you!  Hopes this helps!