I was excited about this phone after reading the great reviews on it.  I haven't had it a full 6 weeks and am already experiencing problems.  This phone was supposed to be an upgrade. HA!!!  What a disappointment!So far I've had to take the battery out 7 times in the past week for it to turn on.  I can take the battery out full and slip it back in and it shows half power left. It's frustrating.  The only good thing about this phone is the ability it HAD for me to watch youtube movies and videos without it freezing up.  Now, it'll get through more than half of a youtube movie and BOOM, the big freeze, take battery out, and reboot.UPDATE :I'm still not happy with this phone .  A lot of youtbe videos sho w up as "unsupported". That means I can't watch them.  The MP3. player is ridiculous._Try getting your music to loop and play randomly . It's not gonna happen for you. The volume sucks.. Is anybody else as disgusted with this phone as. I am?  I really feel ripped off. Oh and forget loading more than 3 applications . My phone always shows "storage space is low" with only 4 applications . Yes, 4!!!UPDATE:Okay, so previously I was complaining about the app situation.  I resolved that problem on my own and was able to load about 12 apps.  Try getting a straight answer from net10 Tech Support.  I dare you.Now here's another bag of horrors to report.  For three days I could not get network connection.  Yes, I allowed it to go on for 3 days.  Why?  I've given net10 Tech Support far too many hours of my life already and was trying to wait it out.  Finally after 3 days, I had to bite the bullet and call.  I broke out in a cold sweat and my stomach started churning as I gingerly tapped each number.  Guess what, the first woman I attempted communication with (she spoke broken English) had me completely erase the phone and return to factory default.  Still didn't work and the witch hung up on me. 3 1/2 hours and 8 calls later, problem still unresolved.  Needless to say, I am LIVID.  I'm out the cost of the phone, frustrated, ticked off beyond my comprehension, angry enough to Three Stooges slap every Tech at net10...exhausted...you name it!!!  I'm there!!! I'm FED UP WITH THESE INCOMPETENT CLOWNS that ALL SPEAK BROKEN ENGLISH and are of NO HELP AT ALL!!!  I'm switching to another service.  Any other service will do.  I'll even pay more money per month just NOT TO BE IRRITATED BY NON-ENGLISH SPEAKING KNUCKLEHEADS...okay, I gotta let it go...whew! Oh, and do you think they're going to re-imburse me for the time my phone did not/does not work...hehehe...silly you...silly me...silly AMERICAN!!!If I could give this piece of garbage NO STARS I would do it in a heartbeat.  I hate this phone.  I feel even more ripped off than ever before. Net10 should be ashamed of themselves for selling this piece of garbage and their pitiful, ridiculous, disgusting, customer service!!!  I wish I were in the Broadcasting field, I'd blast them them with a cannon!!!  Can you feel my anger?