I was really happy to see how many people rated this phone 5 stars on Amazon. I've owned this phone for almost a year now and have had the chance to play with some of the newer smartphones that many of my friends have. I live in the Bay Area, so I can say that I'm in the heart of tech central. I'm a strong lover of the Nokia E5x series and have owned the E50, E51, and E52 (there is a good reason why I've stuck with this series). In general, Nokia makes very solid phones in terms of build quality and parts...the problem is, they have been falling behind in the software and operating system. They were one of the big players in the early days and seem to have been modifying that model, while newer boys on the street (Google and Apple) have really built some nicer, more modern operating systems that started fresh.You will like the E52 if you are looking for a solid phone that works great as a phone and gives you access to the necessities via applications. No, you won't find millions of apps like you do for Android or iOS, but you can find the essentials...Google Maps and Gmail, Putty (for SSH), Opera (faster web browsing, although the included one just got faster with the latest firmware update v071.004 released in June 2011...yes, they are still making improvements), PhoneTorch using the integrated flash LED, Nokia Maps for turn-by-turn and voice-guided FREE navigation, Skype, and Fring. The build quality on this device is superb.You can read a lot of the pros in the other reviews, I will instead list here things that the general audience doesn't know about this device...things that have kept me from upgrading to an iPhone or a Samsung Andorid:1) This phone can survive a lot. I've dropped it on accident several times, had it in my pocket during water rides where I was soaked, lost it in an amusement park...and it still works. Well, the earpiece stopped working (probably because of the water rides) but I replaced that with a $2 part and now it works great again. How many cracked iPhone screens have you seen?2) The screen is small, but gorgeous. 240x320 resolution with 16.7 MILLION COLORS.3) GPS. Yes, GPS...on this tiny device. Works great with Ovi Maps giving you FREE, LIFETIME NAVIGATION. Also integrates with Google Maps (great app, can search by voice). 3G also...and people are like, what? That thing has 3G? Also has WiFi 802.11g.4) You can easily tether this phone via Bluetooth or data cable. I use T-Mobile on a $6/month data plan (unfortunately, the 3G bands for the E52 don't work with TMo) and tether in the airports or on the road with my laptop. The data rates are fast enough to check email and browse websites and Facebook. This is a huge bonus for me, giving me essentially unlimited data access anywhere to my PC if needed.5) The Symbian browser is amazing. Renders FLASH native, and the newest firmware adds HTML5 support. The latest firmware also improved page loading speeds dramatically -- it's really impressive.6) Firmware updates are still being made every 3-5 months by Nokia. This is pretty impressive.7) LED light is really bright, not so good for photos, but great for when you need a light.8) You have all the essential apps, few of the distractions.9) This phone has a front-facing camera, you can use it for video chatting with fring to other fring users (including iPhone 4 users).10) Multitasking has been available on this phone (and the ones before it) since their birth.11) Very easy to find contacts. From the home screen, just start typing their name (for JOE, type 563) and a list will show up that narrows. This is super quick, faster than scrolling.12) The feel and size of this phone is almost perfect.13) The battery life is amazing. Rated 672hr standby on 2G (nearly a month). Lasts me two days while constantly connected to networks for fring.I will also caution owners about some of the things you want to watch out for with this device:1) Symbian S60 (and Symbian, in general) is a dying OS. If you want games and lots of other apps, then you are out of luck.2) Sometimes has random bugs -- for example, suddenly stopped notifying me with audible message alerts until I deleted some messages.3) The camera is pretty bad. The LED is not a sufficient flash. Then again, this is not intended to be a multimedia phone.4) 3G bands may or may not work on AT&T.;I give this a 5-star rating because it is the best phone I have ever owned, and I wouldn't look elsewhere. It does so much in such a small package, feels great in my hand or in my pocket. The web access is great, and tethering opens up so much.