The idea of the Jitterbug Phone for seniors is a great idea, but the product falls a bit short a few places. My mother never wanted a cell phone, EVER. A month ago she had congestive heart failure and ended up in the hospital for a few weeks. I live almost 1800 miles from her, so I flew right out and met my sisters there. I talked her into finally allowing me to get her a senior friendly phone, and the Jitterbug is the one that came to mind.  There was a retailer within a few miles of the hospital who sold the phones and I went to pick one up. After charging it and setting it all up for my mom I gave it to her the next day. She has had it a couple weeks now and I talk to her 3 to 5 times a day while she is at rehab and I feel I have a good idea of the ins and outs of the unit now.Let me start by saying that my mother is 85 years old. This was her FIRST EVER cell phone. Being the one on the other end of the calls, I have noted that the sound quality on my end when she uses it is a bit muffled. Not from her oxygen tubes in her nose, that makes her sound congested, but the quality of the voice over the phone. Even when my sister is there and she talks to me I get the same thing. The best I can describe it as is the voice is mixed in with a hum and muffled. Now my hearing is not the best, so perhaps it is me, but then again I can hear fine when talking to other people on their cell phones. So when I talk to my mother I have to press my phone (cell or house) on my ear and pay close attention.Next is the charger. Why they make such a thin plug for senior citizens is beyond me. My mom struggles to plug the charger into the phone and I am fearful that she will bend or break the plug. If Samsung were smart they would have used a simple round plug that was not super thin. There are a lot of older people who have a hard time seeing well and may have arthritis. So I am expecting I'll have to replace the charger soon, but we shall see.I decided to not opt for mom to have voicemail or call waiting on the unit. Again, she is 85 and would have found that too confusing. I simply needed a simple cell phone for her that worked and could be with her at the hospital, rehab and when she gets home (which is tomorrow).Beyond those points, I am not unhappy with the unit. It works, is small enough that my mom can place it in her purse or pocket and best is that it is simple. I noted other product feedbacks here with people complaining about its size, weight and that it looks like it came from the 80s. You need to realize a few things.1. The phone is designed to be simple to use. It has the basic number buttons, an on/off button,  speakerphone button, a YES button, a NO button and an up/down button. If you are buying this for yourself and you are not a senior citizen or you are a senior who is very familiar with cell phones then you should look at a higher end phone and stick to a major cell carrier.2. The phone is made a bit larger than the small flip phones available from the major carriers. Consider that seniors will find it easier to hold and the buttons are large for ease of use. This is intentional. (as for the comment claiming it was like a phone from the 80's. did that feedback person ever own a cell phone in the 80's? I did, those where either fixed into your car OR were big bags and huge by todays standards.)3. You can use the GreatCall provider to program the phonebook OR do it yourself. This is great since my mother would never figure that out. I had them set up 4 numbers initially, I added 3 later and if I decide I can have the provider add more later (I pay for her service).4. GreatCall (provider) offers some things like an available RN 24x7 and programmed into the phone and some other apps designed to help seniors (like medication reminders and wellness calls). Do these take care of my mother for me? No, but it is nice to know that if she wants to call a nurse she can, if I forget to remind her to take her meds they will and if I forget to check in on her one day they will do it for me and let me know of a problem.In the end the phone helps offer ME peace of mind as well as some for my mother. It is not a perfect phone or service, but it is a good start.