I purchased this phone from another site.  I have had it about 3 weeks.  So far, it is a good basic phone, and the battery life seems pretty good. The Tracphone pre-paid rate is good if you have the double minutes, and they offer promotions that give you extra minutes when you purchase time.The main problem I had with it is that the instructions in the manual for selecting a different ringtone were poor.  Neither I nor a friend could figure out how to get to the advertised 35 pre-loaded ringtones. (Both of us have owned cell phones before.) After several failed attempts, Tracfone's customer service (both a tech rep and his supervisor) said it didn't have different ringtones.  (They also said that feature wasn't advertised for the phone on their website, although it is.)  I called back a second time to complain that the features listed for the phone on Tracfone's website were misleading.  This time, the technical rep led me through several different series of steps, similar to what I had tried before and, finally, after several different attempts and conferences with her supervisor, it worked, and the ringtones were displayed for me to select from.  I don't know why it was so hard to do at first, but I have never before had this much of a problem setting this on a cell phone. I am pleased with it now that the ringtone is set--you can set the volume for the loud ring so that it is fairly loud.  The customer service has always been courteous.(If you have a problem with the ringtones, here is what you do:from main menu select Ring Styles -> Style -> Loud Ring -> Select.The phone will display "changed style", then return to Ring Styles with "Loud Ring Detail" on 2nd line.Select Loud Ring Detail -> Alarms, and an "Alarms" menu will be diplayed, begiining with "Silent".  If you continue to scroll down, you can see (and hear) the ringtones.  Seems straight-forward, but like I said, I made numerous tries with no success.  Repeat for "Soft ring".  Ringtones will not display if phone is set to vibrate.)I haven't noticed any other problems. My needs are relatively basic, and I don't talk on the phone frequently, although I keep it on during the daytime.  I don't text, so I can't comment on that.btw This is my first experience with Tracfone.  I activated the phone after purchase, was given a number, then started the process to transfer my phone number from my previous cell phone carrier.  They said they would send me a new sim card for my new number.  I assumed I would have use of the cell phone using the number assigned on activation, but instead I was without cell phone service until my new sim card arrived.  They did FedEx the sim card to me, but in the past I have not had a disruption in cell phone service to transfer my old number.  I don't know if this is their standard procedure, but it was unexpected and somewhat inconvenient.