DON'T BUY THIS PHONE.  If I could give "0" zero stars, I would.  I specifically purchased this phone because of the email, social media and navigational apps it touted on Virgin Mobile's website.  I purchased it directly from Virgin Mobile.  I thought I would be saving money with the plan's voice and data package, but the plan's now pretty expensive/useless since the phone doesn't give real access to the data I need.  I could have gone on one of those prepaid cards phone plans instead and it would have been cheaper with the exact same service and features I get now.After one month of having this phone, the apps work poorly or no longer work at all.  The email app does not work for the featured providers - the only way it works is that you have to manually input your POP/IMAP account info to access your email and it is not instant - you must sync to get your messages and even then, you can only get the most 50 recent messages.  Also, after writing an email, it is hit or miss whether or not people receive it.  THE SOCIAL NETWORKING APPS (FACEBOOK, TWITTER, MYSPACE) featured on this phone through Virgin Mobile NO LONGER WORK as of 11/11 - they've been discontinued due to a network upgrade - OR so I have been told as I had contacted Virgin's customer service numerous times - the first explanation being that it was due to network upgrades and the phone would merely have to be reset for the apps to work, but the latest being that not even a month after purchasing this phone - the social media apps are no longer supported.  Also the customer service for Virgin Mobile is the worse I've ever encountered - I've had previous carriers that have offered to trade-in for an upgrade or free minutes, etc. - but this company is completely unapologetic for the false advertising they've given regarding the phone and plan.  The navigation they claim to offer does not come with the phone - it is on yet another separate (costly) monthly plan.  They have a web browser that they suggested you could use to recover "access" to email and social media networks - but the browser is out-dated and prevents you from logging on due to "unable to verify website/server" messages and if you do manage to get on - the connection is lousy.  As for pictures, like the other social media apps, the photo-sharing apps on the phone are no longer supported (since June 2011 which doesn't make sense why they advertised it in October 2011) and you have to manually send your pictures to email to save.  You can't transfer the pictures to your computer by merely hooking the USB cable to your computer from your phone.  You need to transfer the pictures on your phone to a micro SD card and use either a card reader or fiddle with connecting the phone to your computer with a USB cable.  Also, if you want music on your phone, you need the micro SD card again and preload the memory card with your music.  Game apps are available on the phone, but they are pretty outdated games and yet, a heck of a lot more expensive than Droid/iPhone apps.So basically, what you are left with is a phone for voice calls and text messaging.  The touch screen is lousy - either you press too lightly and the phone does not read you or you press too hard and it instantly launches whatever your finger happened to be on.  You can recalibrate the touch screen, but it doesn't really remedy the fact that this phone's touch screen is not as intuitive as other touch phones.  Since the touch screen is lousy, it gets troublesome to choose the right contact, make and receive calls.  Also, the finicky touch screen locks you out quickly so be careful when you need to make a call that requires the dial pad.  Also, getting your text messages is a headache due to the crappy touch screen.  The keypad is the one thing that redeems this phone, but other than that, I've been ripped off a chunk of change.