Sprint in my opinion the best wireless carrier out their. It is odd that they merged with Nextel, because they are my second favorite.Sprint's native network reaches over 250 Million POP. That, with the roaming, their network reaches 290(Digital only phones) or 295(Digital and analog phones) people. that makes it the largest Wireless network in the USA.You get to roam on Verizon's, ALLTEL's, ect networks for free as well.Sprint only offers Unlimited data plans. They offer them for both their Visions and Power Visions access. Prices range from $10 to $25. $25 being the Unlimited Power Visions (EV-DO) access with all of the Sprint TV channels and some Sirius satellite radio, along with other streaming radio channels. Other content can be added, but you would need to check the list. They are always adding new things.Sprint is the only carrier that will let you use your Smart-Device like a Treo 650 with the unlimited Handset data plans. So with Sprint you can use the Unlimited Data on your Treo 650 for $10 a month. Both Verizon and Cingular charge $45 a month for this. T-Mobile $20.They also allow their customers to use their phones as modems, with moderate use. Other carriers either do not have this feature, or have it shut off.Sprint has also added Free Incoming plans to their Fair & Flexible plans. These are plans that keep adding new minutes to your plan, as you go over your bucket.this keeps you from paying 45 to 60 cents a minute in overages. Also keep in mind that other carriers charge roaming and long distance fee's on top of the overage fees. So you can be paying into the $2 dollar a minute range for going over your plan minutes. T-Mobile USA is notorious for this. You pay a fee for the overage minutes, a fee for the long distance, and a fee if roaming. T-Mobile USA's network is pretty small, so you could roaming easily.Another thought to throw around. Is Sprint uses 1900MHz signals for their CDMA/EV-DO coverage. They are also building out their 800MHz coverage with the licenses acquired from Nextel. Since 1900MHz needs more towers to cover a given area, this allows your phone to have more tower choices to choose from.This also increases Internet speeds, because speeds drop with distance.So I have found Sprint's data speeds to be faster then Verizon's. And Much faster then Cingular's and T-Mobile's Internet speeds.Sprint also uses Lockline for their replacement insurance provider. They cover Any phone on your account, purchased from Anywhere, no matter if it is New or Used. Other carriers insurance providers only cover new phones purchased from the carrier.I could go on and on, but just take this into consideration before choosing another carrier just based on a commercial. Or the bucket of minutes they "Claim" they are going to provide you. Minutes don't mean a thing if the network is not dependable and the calls sound like crap.Also keep in mind that Sprint uses CDMA, which is the same network technology Verizon uses. CDMA is the most efficient network technology.(...)