I have had my Arrive for just over 18 months (a virtual eternity in mobile tech), having bought it in the very early days of Windows Phone 7. Other reviewers are right that this is a business phone, or put differently, a productivity phone. I am a mobile gadget enthusiast, but also an attorney who relies on this device as a workhorse for emails, simple document review, and a wide range of web-based information.  Therefore, despite the very attractive devices coming out now - Lumia 920, SGS3, iPhone 5 - I may stick with this phone for another release cycle and even beyond my contract term.Why?Reason #1 is the superb keyboard on the Arrive. On screen keyboards do the job but only with more fuss than a physical kb, and only while obscuring 2/3 of the screen.  The staggered backlit keys, dedicated number row, angled keyboard (lending to nice balance and viewing angle when typing), dedicated arrow keys, and clicky action represent the best of mobile keyboards.  This is a phone I can write with - type, edit, save/send.  The creation of text is not some afterthought, to be designed around with autocorrect and SwiftKey (both of which are good, and make onscreen typing bearable).  The on-screen keyboard is also fine, and I use that for texting and other short bursts of text.Reason #2 - the swappable battery (and good battery life in general). I haven't needed to take along an extra battery often, but it is an excellent failsafe when travelling. Removable batteries have given way to the race for thinness, and so most flagship devices have sealed-in batteries (Samsung is a notable exception). That's a shame.Reason #3 is that this is just a durable and competent device. The Snapdragon processor still keeps up, and WP doesn't get gummed up and slow down over time like Android devices of the same vintage have. This is also a hardy device that survived a 30 foot drop from a carnival ride on to a metal platform and a few other dings here and there (though I have taken good care of it otherwise).Reason #4 - this is a phone which MAY be able to get flashed from Sprint to a prepaid service on a much cheaper plan. At that point, the various economies of staying with this workhorse device become quite significant.Counterpoint (for productivity users): Windows Phone 8 does promise some strides in SkyDrive and Office syncing. There are promises of making these backward-compatible to Windows 7.5. If WP8 offers real advances in how phones sync with x86 computers, the web and other mobile devices (such as the forthcoming Windows RT tablets), then that's a consideration.Mobile tech is moving forward, but, it seems, more in the realm of media / web consumption and, to some extent, camera capability. But the complete absence of good physical keyboards from the smartphone market shows in part that productivity / business use has taken a back seat to an iPhone-led beauty contest. The Arrive modestly stands on its own as a remnant of a stronger business users' market and hopefully as a form factor that will return soon.