I don't have time to write a fully extensive review, but I took a shot and snatched one of these up on Amazon during Cyber week when the price went down to $130, even after all of the horrible reviews it had received from sprint reviewers, only. Mine is perfect. I do not have any noises during my phone calls and I have never had anyone complain about any noises from the other end.I really love this phone. In fact, I ordered both this phone and the LG G2 so I could decide which I liked better, first hand. They are both spectacular phones, but I was constantly using the Note 3 because it just offers so many features. I also found the keyboard for texting/typing to be a lot easier and more accurate on the Note 3. The screen is so beautiful, it is just amazing. I also compared the cameras for both the LG G2 and the Note 3. I do not like how long the note 3 takes to process the images, especially because I'm trying to capture my 2 and a half year old, but compared to the LG G2, the camera was much better in the dark with the flash. In fact, in a pitch black room it took a crystal clear image with the flash.I switched from the iPhone 5 and I even tried the 5c, first, which I love Apple products, but just wanted to try something new and different with a bigger screen instead of using a phone and a tablet all of the time. I have not regreted it yet and I've had the phone since the first week of December. I bought the black, although I wanted the white but it was sold out and I didn't want to miss the deal. I figured I'd exchange it for the white when amazon restocked it, but after feeling the rubbery back, I figured I better keep the black because the white has a lot of potential to pick up dye from pockets of jeans, etc. (But, you can find the battery covers for cheap on eBay if you needed to) The back looked ugly when I saw it online, but it feels great and has a great grip and it looks much better in person.The battery is AMAZING. It never dies, and I'm on the phone non stop. When I first got the phone I was trying to kill the battery when it was so low it was red. I had to play a movie, Up in HD to be exact, more than two full times on the brightest screen possible, for the battery to eventually die. I mean, it was ridiculous because I just wanted the battery to die! Lol. And if the battery isn't enough,  you should see the speed at which this phone charges. It is seriously incredible coming from an iphone,  ipad and imac household. Our devices don't charge in half of the time that it takes to get this phone at a full charge.One more thing I will mention for Sprint users: we drove home for Christmas in Decmeber, which we follow 95 all the way from SC to CT. Many times during the trip, I placed the phone in the cubby that my radio screen is in, leaned up on the screen of the radio so my son could see the phone. From there, I streamed multiple Netflix shows for him and HD movies from Vudu, mostly over 4G. It was crystal clear and so fast I was literally amazed. The speaker is not as loud as it could be, but it doesn't bother me.Just remeber, Amazon has a 14 day return policy on your opened device, so you might might as well try it if you are even hesitsting. If you maybe get one that displays the said noises during phone calls, try to even just exchange it to see if you get get a good one. If you get a good one, it's amazing and certainly worth it.Also, and seriously the last thing, if you are a current iphone user: I love the GooglePlay store! I got the movie Up for 8.99, they had each of the three toy story movies on sale for 8.99 (regular 17.99-22.99) and I got the movie Elf FREE in Decmeber AND a free Pearl Jam album album when I was going to download some of their music!! I have spent so much money on iTunes and I have never been offered anything for free, nor have I ever recieve a "sale" email notifying me of any amazing Disney movie deals. Just letting anyone know who is worried about switching!