This is the most versatile smartphone on the market but it isn't for everyone. It took me a month of trial and error and of Internet searches to learn how to make all the features work. But for what I wanted, nothing else on the market compares.  The Nokia E71's competitors are the iPhone and the Blackberry, but unlike its competitors, Nokia makes unlocked phones.  This means the E71 can be used on any GSM network and, more importantly, it means you don't have to sign up for the expensive data plans of cellular phone companies unless you are sure you need them. This was important to me because I wasn't sure that I did. And after two months, I have found that I almost never do. Owning the E71 is like picking from the ala carte menu at a restaurant rather than ordering the full course meal.  You can pick which services you want from your cellular carrier on a daily basis, if you want, without committing yourself to two-year contracts and hundreds of dollars in fees.As with other smartphones, the E71 serves as phone, PDA, MP3 player, GPS device, and low-resolution video camera all wrapped into a cellphone-sized package with Internet access, email, and games thrown in to boot.  Let me give the specifics that were important to me.  First is GPS.  After you buy the phone, you go to the Nokia Web site and download for free the mapping software and maps you need. I downloaded a complete U.S. map. This means, when I walk outside and invoke the GPS function, the E71 will spend a few minutes calculating my location and then track my movements on a map. I was on an Interstate the other day and the phone announced that I was exceeding the speed limit.  If you want turn by turn directions, you have to subscribe on a monthly basis either from Nokia or from your carrier, but if you are like me and can get close to where you want on your own and only need help with the last few blocks, the E71 will does that for free. Or, if you are lost, it will show you where you are on a map and you can take it from there.  Second, if you want to go online over WiFi at hotspots, the E71 can do that. I wanted something to carry in my pocket at home to alert me to email so I wouldn't have to keep checking my computer. The E71 can use "push" email through WiFi, so whenever you establish a WiFi connection it will check your email and play a tune of your choosing when email arrives.  Third, there are times when having a cellular data connection comes in handy. The E71's can calculate its GPS position in seconds with a few kilobytes of download from the cellular carrier instead of the minutes needed to make that calculation on its own. Or if you are bored and want to check your email and there's no WiFi around, you can tell the E71 to use a cellular network.  Now, if you take an unlimited data plan from your carrier - and AT&T; requires this for the iPhone and Blackberry - the cost is $30 per month.  But AT&T; sells kilobytes for a penny.  So, getting my GPS position quickly cost me 6 cents and downloading five emails cost about the same. This is why I concluded that I don't need an unlimited data plan from my carrier.  Someone who regularly needs Web access is probably better off with an unlimited data plan.  Fourth, the quality of Nokia products has always been unsurpassed, and the E71 is no exception.  The MP3 player is better than the Sansas I own.  The camera shouldn't be compared to a dedicated digital camera, but it's perfectly fine for a cellphone camera.  The screen is smaller than the iPhones, but I shouldn't need to tell you that.  The E71 is somewhat smaller and a lot more rugged.  Its battery is user-replaceable and lasts longer than most other smartphones.  Plus, a battery costs about $10, so you can carry a spare if you want.  There is a learning curve with the E71 that many will not like.  As I said, it took me almost a month to get the features I wanted functioning.  What is more, not all those functions are intuitive, and some take too many button presses.  But the phone seems less dumbed down than its competitors, so that although it may take some time to figure out how to make it do what you want, you don't have to fork out more money for special software applications to do these things for you.