UPDATE II: We have owned and used 2 of these phones for well over 6 months now. In that time period I managed to drop my phone a number of times, sometimes on very hard surfaces. Other than light scrathes and a slightly misshapen antenna, the phone works perfect. Does it ever drop a call? Yes, if the reception is poor. This is a function of the network rather than the phone. Our phones have not frozen up a single time. I can send and receive text messages just fine, no problems. I never turn this phone off. It needs a recharge every 3-5 days depending on usage, which is quite reasonable. Recharging does take a rather long time, several hours, but hey, nothing's perfect. As far as displays "just breaking": please do not store your cellphone in a cement mixer, people! This is a brilliant and sturdy phone, and all the people writing bad reviews have some sort of grudge against T-mobile or Motorola, which is OK, but don't knock a perfectly fine phone in the process.UPDATE: a LOT of the negative reviews are about the V300 which looks very similar to the V330 (identical really, except for the keypad) but lacks many features and in general is far inferior. Any reviews starting with "I had this phone for a year" and similar are NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS PHONE. This phone became available in April of 2005.I have owned about half a dozen cellphones over the years. I never paid (after rebates that is) for one and I intend it to stay that way, so this review is not for those willing to blow wads of cash for the latest and greatest because they use it professionally or have an all-overriding need to hear people gasp when they take their phone out of their pockets. Obviously, you would not expect a "better than free" phone to have the absolute greatest specs available. Still, the V330 is a surprisingly full-featured phone.I also believe that discussing coverage issues is largely moot in phone reviews, because depending on your geographical location, you may think that signal strengths are absolutely perfect, or that (put your provider here) is the worst carrier ever. I get five bars at my house, but only two or three at my work.So far I only talked to customer service once, but they were perfectly helpful and hold times were not excessive.When I was shopping around for this phone I had a few requirements that I definitely wanted:1. It had to be a flip phone. I had enough of the "bar" type devices, especially the cumbersome process of locking the keypads and difficulties of answering calls quickly when fishing it out of pockets, backpacks, etc.2. It had to have a camera. This was just to make it a bit more fun. Seems like you only have half a phone without it.3. I would have liked a quad-band phone so that I could use it anywhere during my travels.I was not too worried about bluetooth, voice dialing, or speakerphone capabilities, but it is definitely nice to have those as well. Bluetooth is especially sweet because you can easily up- and download pictures, games, create new ringtones, etc. without having to pay all those fees to T-Mobile. It is too bad that they have no games on their T-zones yet though.The phone has a decent battery life as well, although leaving bluetooth on does shorten it considerably. The keypad is well laid out and handy, and the "joystick" button is easy to use and fairly intuitive. All in all it is a good phone, voice quality is great, and I can actually hear the person at the other end which was not always the case with my previous (Nokia, Samsung, Mitsubishi, etc.) phones.Now for the few and minor shortcomings: The manual is much too brief in the discussion of the many, many features of this phone. Most of the omitted stuff is fairly straightforward to discover though. The built-in memory is not all that plentiful (5 MB). This could certainly be improved upon. Voice dialing takes a bit of patience and I am not fully convinced it is a very useful feature. And the phonebook lists each number separately even if they belong to the same person, resulting in tons of duplicate lines. This is probably the most annoying feature of this phone. But for the money, I can live with that.