Have had the E71 for about a week and so far I love the phone.  I really did my research on smartphones before I made the decision to go with the E71.Things I love about the phone:-Operating system is very easy to use and the phone is very fast.-Love the web browser, pages load quickly and clearly with vibrant color on both wifi and through ATT service-Love the voice activated features on the phone which I am still learning about.  I really like how the phone can read your text messages to you and how the phone will say the name of the person calling so if I am driving and it's somebody I don't want or need to talk to I don't even have to pick up my phone.-The size of this phone is amazing with all of the features on this phone like the full QWERTY keyboard and large screen that it is so small.  My company uses Blackberrys or Motorola and in comparing the build quality, size, and features they don't really come close to the E71.  The Blackberry phones are bulky and have a very unimpressive, cheap plastic build.  With the slim dimensions of the E71 this phone fits in my pocket easier and more comfortably than my old Motorola C139.-Above all the call quality on the E71 is the best I have ever had in a cell phone and the sound quality is amazingly clear and reception is always good.  I paired up my E71 with a Nokia bluetooth headset and even on Bluetooth and on the freeway people have commented that I don't even sounds like I am in a car with almost no background noise.I researched just about all smartphone brands for about 2 months before purchasing the E71 so I want to also give my opinions on some of the common "dislikes" or "cons" about this phone from the reviews I have read or seen and provide my opinions:- The phone is completely customizable which according to some reviews is good and bad.  Bad if you are someone who isn't very "tech savvy" and good if you just want something like the IPHONE that is completely setup for you when you buy it.  MY OPINION: I am not the most tech savvy person and with this being my first smartphone and scrolling through the different menus and setup screens I found the phone was very easy to setup the first day I got it.  I like for example how there are multiple profiles you can setup for the E71 which include setups for ringtone, text tone, email tones, et cetera that you can program into a specific profile so if you are in a meeting and you need to silence your phone you can just switch to the "meeting" profile.  With there being about 7 or 8 profiles you can setup, you can setup your phone to have a multitude of profiles depending on your setting.  If you can't find an application or screen there is a handy help menu and you just simply type in what you are looking for and you get detailed instructions for either finding the application or setting it up.  If you want to get back to the home screen, there is a home key that you click to get back to the home screen along with other handy keys next to the scroll key to get to commony used screens quickly.  Conclusion: The phone is very easy to navigate and setup.Non-standard 2.5mm headphone jack: This seems like more a minor annoyance than anything.  I have had the phone about a week and used everything on it from calling, calendar, and MP3 player and I have not had any problems with this not having a standard 3.5mm jack.  I don't see any problems here.Camera: The camera takes slightly above average photos in outdoor/sunlight but below average indoors with the flash with the 3.2MP camera.  Bottom line, if you want camera quality on a cell phone comparable to your DSLR or point and shoot digital camera than you're going to spend a lot more $$ and have a phone much bulkier and thicker than the very compact E71.  So in the end there is a tradeoff.  If you want to also use a cell phone to take family pictures and other important events than you'd probably want to go with the Nokia N95 but again the N95 costs at least $100 more and 0.8" thick (double the E71) so it costs more and isn't exactly pocketable like the E71.Fingerprints: The fingerprints show up on the back panel pretty easily and I consider this a minor annoyance.  Nokia would have done better to make the entire backside of the phone the dark gray color as opposed to making the removable plate a chromed titanium.Summary: For the price and comparing this phone to other phones like the IPHONE and Blackberry Bold, the E71 doesn't have a couple of things the IPHONE does and EVERYTHING the Blackberry has for much cheaper than both.  The E71 doesn't have the large touchscreen of the IPHONE but the IPHONE also doesn't have video recording like the E71.  Considering the IPHONES and Blackberry Bold new are still $500+ and I was able to get the E71 for about $330, the E71 provides a much greater value.