this is my intro to WP8 so everything is different.CONs- Nokia suit does not work with WP8 so i could not import my contacts. which means i now have to type them in 1 by 1. if i get a work around for this i'll post an update.- No FM Radio. the specs say radio but there's no radio. according to what I've been reading Nokia's hardware will do radio but Windows drop the ball on the software. Some folks are hopeful that Windows will make an update to fix that but this phone has been out long enough for them to have fixed this by now so i don't think its a priority for them. Surprisingly i got a streaming radio app from the windows store (tunein) and it has my local stations. Suppressing because i'm from St. Lucia (in the Caribbean) where no one heard of. so if my local stations are there yours probably is too. the problem with this is you need wifi for this, which means the quality is poor depending on your connection and if i had to use a data plan for this it would get too expensive for free radio.- SD card slot is under the battery. my thoughts are that an SD memory card should have quick access without having to turn your phone off. With this phone you have to turn the phone, remove the cover and battery to get to the card.- the battery life is exactly as many reviews say. it sucks. i have to charge this phone EVERYDAY. if you get this phone my advise is to get extra chargers; have one at work, at home, in the car, at moms house... cause you'll need it. the good thing is the phone does not take long to charge. but truth be told most smart phones today have this issue. You have to keep them plugged in (and that does not hurt the battery by-the-way).i know i went on a bit about the radio and nokia suit thing but those were selling points for me. i first gave this 2 stars because of this but i reconsidered because the phone is a good phone. if you're going to advertise something and not deliver that will not make me buy from you in the future. Nokia suit was a big selling point for me because i have hundreds of contacts and having to re-enter them 1 by 1 every time i get a new phone is a pain. for this alone i no longer have any reason to have any brand loyalty to Nokia.if i could push myself past these 2 sticking points, i actually like this phone. its not as big as the GS3. it fits in my packet and hand easily. the touch screen is responsive. the camera is great. You can customize the tiles and there are plenty of apps to do whatever you want.I will love this phone for as long as it last (hoping for 2 years, any longer is a bonus). But if i had to do it over i would consider the Lumia 625... because it has radio.ps/ Turns out WP8 has podcasts. which is the only reason i have an ipod. so now i only carry one device.Update: 16/Jan/14- Now with radio. YAAH! after an update last night i now have FM radio. Happy Day. Now bumped to 4 stars.