I just bought the Incredible S and overall I am impressed. It is my first Android phone after coming from a long stream of Nokias (most recent 5800 XpressMusic).As always when you change phones there are things you miss. It's possible that many of my comments may be android related and not specific to HTC, but for the sake of the review, I will mention things in general....Good: Screen Resolution, Countdown timer, Mail appScreen: The screen resolution is great, as someone who watches a lot of video, I am very happy with it. It is very easy to use and the touch screen is very good.Countdown Timer:It has a countdown timer, might not seem like a big thing, but my last phone (Nokia 5800) didn't have one.Mail App:The Mail app is very good, it's very customisable with downloading emails, you can specify a peak hour range and how often to sync, you can also add multiple accounts and view all accounts at once, rather than separately. I added my hotmail and Gmail accounts, Gmail had to be added manually as I use pop3 not imap....Bad: Standard Video Player does not remember last position, no notes app, no stereo speakers, incompatible with some headsets, gmail app, Bloatware, GPS apps, lack of sound profiles. Edit: Cannot set Fortnightly Calendar reminders.Standard Video Player does not remember last position:this is really annoying, every time you start a video it starts from the beginning again. I downloaded MX Player from the app store and it works well, does show ads when paused, still works when offline and doesn't miss any features you would otherwise want in the pro version.No notes app:There is no Notes app standard, this is a ridiculous omission as it's something everyone uses. I downloaded Note Everything free. It is a great notes app, doesn't require internet and can import notes. I sent my notes by Bluetooth and then imported all from the sd card. It can also do hand written notes and voice notes.No stereo speakers:I know it's not common but my 5800 had stereo speakers, still has adequate sound though.Incompatible with some headsets:I have been using the headset from my Nokia 5800 as they are the most comfortable, however, if I don't have the call button pressed the music lacks volume and you can't hear the lyrics. Sticky tape fixed that though.Gmail app:The Gmail app is not very configurable and really I see no benefit in using this instead of the much better mail app.Bloatware:My phone came with bloatware (from another supplier) which as usual can't be removed without rooting the phone.GPS apps:Symbian may be old but Nokia are light years ahead with Ovi Maps. The Locations App is better than Maps in that you don't need to use data to plan a route but it needs a licence from HTC to use navigation. Google Maps beta navigation only gives voice instruction if you stay on the route it plans, if you deviate you get no voice commands if you dont have the data on. The functionality of both is woeful. They have a long way to go to catch up. I will be continuing to use my Nokia just for the free excellent Ovi Maps. I have also had difficulty getting a GPS signal at times, if i ensure Wifi is off it gets the signal ok.Lack of sound profiles:Also another place where Nokia have it right. There are only three profiles, Normal, Silent and Vibrate. What happened to Meeting, Outdoor, Custom etc!? Meeting in particular would be good where you can set the phone to do a single beep on calls and messages. I have only found one app (Meeting Beep) but it didn't work. All you can change is the ringtone, media, notification and alarm volume, but there is no way to save it. If you have it on Normal and want to have medium notification volume but no ringtone volume, it automatically changes to silent. Edit: Meeting Beep has been updated and now works.Fortnightly Calendar Reminders:You cant set fortnightly repeated events. You can do One Time Event, Daily, Every Weekday, Weekly, Monthly (on the day eg. every 3rd thursday), Monthly (on the date, eg every 19th) and yearly. This is a massive oversight by HTC. Apparently it can be done if you sync with your google calendar (which i dont use) and you should be able to with PC sync (i hope). I like to set my calendar up in my phone itself and to leave out something like every fortnight is quite strange. Edit: I have been able to sync with Outlook 2007 to set a fortnightly reminder, still shows as weekly on phone but is actually fortnightly.Overall, it's a good phone, but there are areas that are badly missed.