I bought the N97 mini around Feb 2010. My first Nokia phone was the 5800xpress and although the phone was decent, it felt cheap. I didn't want an Iphone,and i wanted to try Nokia again. After reading hundreds of reviews and doing many hours of research,I finally decided to buy the N97 mini. Now look, straight up, ask yourself, what do you use the phone for? If you want a screen that is super sensitive,and want to play tons of great looking games,and want a OS that is so easy to use a caveman could do it, get out. If you want a phone that can do stuff you friends phones can only dream off, get in. There are millions of Nokia fans in the world, and that means tons of 3rd party apps. Although most critics will say the N97 was a failure (commercially), if you are internet savvy you can find and download tons of free apps to customize your phone. Now my friends are jealous of what my phone can do and they can't, here is a quick list of apps and things the N97 a freaking beast:1)My phone can use swype to type messages. This is kinda redundant since it has a hard keyboard, but it's awesome none the less. None of you iphone buddies can do that and it's the fastest way to type in a touch screen phone, hands down.2)You can find and download great full versions of old games like tomb raider or Quake2.3)Can use an instant messenger like AIM to chat with friends live.4)You can download skyfire browser which supports FLASH 10. This means all websites with videos will play on your phone. It is super fast if you are on AT&T;'s 3G network. Your iphone buddies will choke at that one. oh, and your Samsung galaxy friends ain't getting flash support for at least another 2 months.5)your phone can pick up local radio stations, unfortunately the mini doesn't have an FM transmitter like the big N97 does6)the N97 mini can make video calls over 3G, your iphone buddies need wifi and can only talk to themselves.7) the N97 mini can be used as a wifi hotspot, which means you can for example, connect it to your computer and go online on your computer if you are on your laptop somewhere and need wifi.8)Nokia beta labs has apps that are completely innovative, such as bots that learn your phone habits and helpt you run your phone better.9)The bluetooth on this phone is awesome, you can connect it to any device, from laptops to head sets. Let's see the iphone do that.10) there are many apps that can help you coustumize the otherwise boring look of the UI, which can make your device even more awesome.11) you can add microSD cards to add memory, with the iphone you are stuck.The list can go on and on but you get the point. I was completely clueless at first, but after doing much reading, i have found out how to get the most out of the device and i'm impressed. Every day, there are more cool apps and things i can do with the damn thing that impress me. The device is built with some very nice materials, i have dropped the phone on a couple of occasions but it doesn't have any dings or scratches. The camera is great at not only taking pictures but recording also.It's true that when i first got the phone, it was slow and the ovi stored sucked. But after a couple of firmware updates it's zippy as hell and like i said, if you know what you are doing you can find TONS off apps online that can blow most of the stuff on the apple store out of the water. Oh and did i mention free ovi maps and navigation for life?All the other stuff is standard, yes the phone can play mp3s, just drag and drop from your computer and it can also play movies.  Call quality is great and most of the other details you can read in other reviews.