Because my wife absolutely loves flipphones (I hate them), I got this phone for her on a Cingular Family Share plan.  To me the phone seems cheap, but it does have a nice color and the buttons are very easy to press.  The screen is also very bright and easy to read.  The ringtone quality is OK, but a lot better than my cheap Nokia 3586.  The phone does feel a bit fragile and it seems like it can't take one drop with out breaking.  But for the most part the phone gets the job done, no extra features, but what do you expect for one of Cingular's cheapest phones?  You can download ringtones for it if you desire.  I am not into downloading ringtones, but my wife loves it.  One thing I do suggest though is going into the internet settings and move the settings from express profile, to a profile that doenst have the login and passwords already stored.  By doing this you prevent any accidental connection to the internet.  The middle button is so easy to fat finger and press and that button's sole purpose is to connect you to the internet which can cost some serious $$$ if you unknowingly leave it on.  By moving from the express profile to another one, whenever you accidently press the internet button, you will just get an error saying, "Service Not available", in other words, you can't connect to the internet and you won't be charged for accidental connections.  I think that it was purposely made like this so they can get money from accidental connections, but good thing you can prevent that from happening.My last service was with MetroPCS and depsite it having unlimited talk time anytime, $52.08 was entirely too much to pay for crappy service that only works in Atlanta.  I was lucky to get one bar while sitting at my second floor cube at work.  In the elevator, the phone would just say "Serching for service.."  Did I mention the dropped calls?  I stopped using the phone because in the rare instances where the call wasn't dropped, I couldn't hear the other person on the other side half the time anyway.  My Metro phone's battery was dead at least 2 weeks before I decided to go to Cingular, and I never even bothered charging it up.  Cingular's service is miles ahead of Metro, full bar strength most everywhere I go, and even 3 bars in an elevator!  I can actually hear the other person on the phone and don't have to worry about important calls being dropped because of poor signal strength.  Plus Cingular has rollover and unlimted mobile to mobile and free nights and weekends.  I don't use the cell that much, so my 850 minute plan Family share plan may be overkill, but with my wife's phone on my plan its the same price (59.99 + 9.99 additonal line) as the family share 600 minute plan (49.99 + 19.99 additional line), so why not get the extra 150 minutes?  Cingular Customer service occasionaly does have you on hold for a long time, but for the most part their reps are very friendly and helpful, unlike MetroPCS.I highly recommend Cingular, the phone is your own personal taste though.  It gets the job done, but thats about it.