I bought this phone for FREE in dec 2004. (special)2 months later the head set wouldn't work anymore. (the head set to plug in the jack and speak hands free, and i have a few plantronic headsets that work great, the big ones.)Store would not give me a blue one, only silver. 2 months later the head set wouldn't work anymore.Given the run around at the sprint stores and tech and made to drive over 500 miles going back and forth (in 35 mile increments).Given 3rd phone, got to my car and started to make a call, head set wouldn't work right out of the box. That's less than 90 seconds after leaving the store.Given 4th phone the same day (not working this same day, 2 bad phones in the same day) and would keep beeping, the icon for battery would blink from full charge to BEING recharged (not in need of, but being), while half muting the person on the other end of the phone call.After 4 hours in the store this day, even though they saw it was not working, refused to replace because their tech guy went home and he was required to say it's broken before they change it out.My previous phone was the sanyo 4900 which i had to replace in the first week, but has lasted for the last 2 years, very dim screen and big, but worked great.The 8200?, I got it free and it's cost me so much money in time and gas and trouble, feels like It's cost me $1000. By far the worst quality phone I have dealt with in the last ten years.emailed sprint and they have agree to allow me to take any of their phones and they will credit the 229 list price.Did not offer to compensate for all the BS their store reps have put me through. Worst people in the world at the sprint store in Asheville, NC... patton ave. Hendersonville road and mall is where you should buy if your in this town.I've liked sanyo alot, but now I'm almost scared off of them. My old samsung wasn't as strong in reception and battery life, but I'm using cnet to investigate phones that have the same problem with everybody.I do have a few friends that have not had AS MANY problems as I have had and they are hard on phones, my 4900 still looks new. I'm very easy on my phones.If I had not gotten 4 bad phones....just rating the phone on the features and the like, I'd probably rate it 3 stars at best.The phone is average, imo. The worst thing about the phone, from all the phones, is to listen to a conversation on the phone, you either have to turn the volume down to the lowest, if you turn it up so that you can easily hear the other person the sound becomes very distorted and choppy.Based on that one thing, I would not suggest buying this phone. Add in the problems I've gotten with the 4 bad phones, I can not give this a good review.