I have been using this phone for about two weeks. I am very happy with it so far. It is a developers phone, so getting in and unlocking bootloader, rooting, and installing custom ROMS, etc is very easy to do. (Not that most phones arent).One of the main things people should be aware of is the different builds that are out there. There is a build known as yakju. This is directly updated by Google. You will get the most frequent and timeliest OTA updates with a yakju build. There are other variants out there as well. Yakjuxe, jakjuse, and a few others. These are not as desirable, as they are updated by either Samsung a carrier. You may wait longer to get android updates with these builds.If you wonder which version you have, install GN official update app, and the app will tell you which build you have. If you have yajku, great. If Not, search the net on how to unlock bootloader and flash yakju image onto it. It is a simple process, then you will be 100% pure Google. Of course, I am not responsible if you brick your phone...! And of course, this is only if you care to do so. Keeping a non yakju build will not harm you in any way. You will still get updates, just not quite as timely.Second, be aware that many retailers are selling DoCoMo branded Galaxy Nexus devices as a gt-i9250. These are in fact, SC-04D devices. Essentially the same, but often times have a sim lock issue associated with them. They will sometimes lose the unlocked sim and revert to a locked state. There is an app available to unlock it again, but it will lose the unique IMEI, and thereby could cause issues. I would personally stay away from an SC-04d.Now, to the phone. I love the camera. Coming from an HTC Evo 3D, the camera is very quick to capture the image. In low light situations the flash will slow down how quickly you can take pictures, but not too badly. If no flash is required the camera will take multiple photos quickly. Maybe 1-2 pics per second. Very quick compared to my previous phone. Also, I find that the image quality is superb for a 5mp.Software is terrific. ICS 4.0 is a huge leap from even where gingerbread left off. I like the ability to make folders especially. It helps me de-clutter my screens, which is always nice.The screen is very nice. Even though it is a pentile display, it is very nice to look at. Very clear. Again, coming from a QHD resolution on my Evo 3d, I am impressed.The phone also has a terrific form factor. I love the curved glass. The phone is very thin as well. I also like the overall form being slightly thicker on the bottom than at the top.The only thing that is potentially a negative is that Google and Facebook are in a bit of a spate with each other. I have found that the facebook integration on this phone is not as nice as on some others. Facebook is not allowed to sync contact info to your phone. So, if you are used to seeing peoples facebook photos on their contact info, you wont see it on this phone (at least for now). You can manually do it via the facebook app, but going through and assigning a pic to each person individually is tedious.Also, I recommend "myalbum" facebook photo uploader. Coming from my Evo 3d I was used to "FB for HTC sense". It allowed me to upload multiple photos at the same time, which was very nice. The stock FB app will not allow multiple uploads at the same time. MyAlbum is the app that will assist you in doing so.Overall, excellent phone. Amazing screen. Pure "Vanilla" Android. Can't go wrong.