My relationship with the Samsung Galaxy S3 has so far been a fairly good one. It runs circles around my iPhone 4 speed wise while browsing the web on the go, the screen is a really nice size for browsing and video chatting, and there is no lag when unlocking or swiping from screen to screen. The battery life is fairly decent getting a full days use with moderate email, web browsing, text messaging, and Pandora listening.There are a few gripes I have with this device. Let me start out by saying that I am extremely careful with my electronics, I hate cases because I feel like they cover up the true beauty of my new gadgets so I like to leave them bare. The Galaxy S3 is very easily chipped and scratched. While the screen stays scratch free my main gripe is with the backside and especially the bezel. Both get marred extremely easily. The back can be easily replaced with a new Samsung back to make it look like new, but once the bezel is marked your screwed.I also have to say that I have some call quality trouble. If I hold the phone flat to my ear the person on the other end of the line struggles to hear me. I have found that I have to hold the phone at an angle away from my mouth, this feels really unnatural and I can easily forget to do it, which results in me having to repeat things when I realize the person on the other end thinks they have lost me. It is VERY frustrating!As far as the android system goes if you have previously had an iPhone you will find yourself feeling like a kid in a candy shop when you get around to customizing the S3. But like a kid in a candy shop, you will also find yourself not caring after you have had the phone for a few weeks.Another HUGE issue is the key pad. I am a huge text-er and I have yet to find an onscreen keypad on a phone that rivals the iPhone keypad. The S3 is VERY responsive but it is still not up to par with the iPhone. I get pretty frustrated when typing long emails or texts, as they need allot of correcting after I am done. The auto correct is awful and I recommend that you turn it off if you don't want to throw your S3 in a frustrated rage.Overall if your wondering if you should get this phone I think you should decide what is most important to you. If web browsing is your thing, then the S3 is a good choice because of its bigger screen and lighting fast speed.I am happy using this phone until my contract is up in a few months, I don't think I love it so much I will want to use it beyond that. In my opinion I like the iPhone better, its OS might be stale and boring, its screen might be extremely tiny, and its 3g speeds lagging far behind the S3's 4G, but its smoother, simpler, and more reliable and in my opinion sturdier and better made to hold up to scratches and dings.Overall the S3 is one of the best phones available on the market, it is a phone that will do whatever you need it to do well. Picking a phone these days all comes down to personal needs and preferences.