I've had the phone for almost a month now, and as an upgrade from the LG500G, I've been pretty happy with it so far.UPDATED July 2013: For the last month or so, I have been having a much higher incidence of the phone auto-dialing emergency services. Looking into it, I have learned that it's because this phone was programmed to use the panic code 112 in addition to triple-0 and 911 - which is ridiculously easy to get mashed, even when the phone is in a case. People have reported this to both Samsung and Tracfone, who both fob it off as the other company's responsibility to fix - so it never gets addressed. This is something to be very aware of and the utter lack of concern on both companies' parts would be worth another half-star rating - if we could do halves. Which is a shame, because otherwise, this is a very nice phone. Especially for tracfone.What I like:The 3G and wifi connectivity, email access, the slightly more open java app access, and enough memory and processing power to run them without completely choking are a nice feature. Still more than 8 years out of date. But good to finally have the option with this service provider. It's yet another fixed keyboard form factor, but I think this is probably the optimal design for feature phones of this sort, so I'm a fan. Call quality is on the upper end for a tracfone, and battery life has, thusfar, been quite good. The hardware seems alright - again, outdated, but it feels solid, it's not too heavy, and isn't so narrow my hand cramps from holding it too long. And lifetime minute multipliers are always win (even if they do get you back on in-phone purchases - but why do that when you can just sideload whatever media you want?).Things I don't like so much:I'm not a fan of the punctuation key assigns. They just don't feel natural to me. Though I am willing to concede this is likely due to my having gotten used to the layout of my previous key-phone, and it may become more intuitive with more use. My biggest gripe in this area is the double-wide space key. While a good idea in theory, having it auto-insert a period if you don't tap the key in the middle (which happens often when I get on a roll) causes more hassle than it solves. The raised keys are particularly prone to pocket-dialing  - which has caused a fair number of users to get in trouble for repeated unintended calls to emergency services (as 911 always works, regardless of the keypad's lock status). So a case/holster is highly recommended.Several of the built-in apps are also less useful than their counterparts on the 500G. The note app is largely useless to me (100 character limits? In 2012? Really?). Though I was able to fix this with a third-party app. And while I do like the expanded utility of the Samsung's contacts list (individual rings and images - about time!) - having to re-enter all of them manually from my old phone was not a lot of fun (it cannot reliably interpret contact dumps in the LG format).One of the biggest (and, thusfar, seemingly unaddressed) gripes is the actual fee rate for 3G data access. Despite the default boilerplate in the instruction manual and all available references to the standard Edge network per-minute rates - 3G data on this phone is charged by the kb, and at a fairly high rate (an official fee schedule has yet, to my knowledge, been made available). If you're stuck on an Edge connection, it does seem to revert to the per-minute rate. But it's highly advisable that users install a third-party browser with data compression (Opera Mobile is the easiest to find), adjust MMS settings to auto-resize images, and disable (or severely cut down on the frequency of) social media and email polling to significantly cut down on unnecessary data charges. And use the wifi connection whenever possible.