I buy stuff on Amazon all the time and never write reviews. I wanted to write a review for this phone because there really isn't that much quality feedback in regards to this device. I actually purchased this phone after returning an s4 due to it being way to expensive and before that I was using an s2. I have been very used to the Samsung interface. The blu phones are definitely more simple or "stock" android which is an adjustment from a galaxy experience. I do like the phone. It looks very cool and impressive. The screen is huge and bright. Surfing the web and watching videos is awesome on this thing. I am using a Walmart family mobile (tmobile) sim card and it worked immediately with no issues and i mostly get the hspa signal so it is pretty snappy with the internet.The phone feels sturdy in hand with some weight to it. The specs are pretty decent for the price. The speakers are OK. Camera is nice. I'm not a huge picture taker but it is nicer than what I need I suppose.My only concern at this point is maybe the call quality. I have been told twice that my voice went out for a moment. I am not sure if I was not talking into the mic or a signal issue. I will give it a bit of time to find out. I know the lack of sd support has people all worked up but I don't use many apps and I keep my music in my Amazon cloud anyway so that is not a deal breaker. 16 gb is more than enough for my needs. all in all I am pretty pleased with the phone. It is pretty fast. Nice sturdy build quality. Updated android experience. It is no s4 but then again i didn't use half of those features and it is half the price without contract. I bought mine at best buy so I could return it if I wasn't satisfied. But I think I am going to keep it. I would recommend this phone to someone looking for decent phablet at a reasonable price off contract.Update 9/28/13So I absolutely love the Life View. It is fast beautiful, and everyone stops me to find out what phone I am using. A few days ago I decided i would like to pair the phone with my LG sound bar to listen to some music. I try pairing and the phone cannot find my sound bar. I then try to pair it with my S2 and my macbook pro and still nothing. Then phone cannot discover and is undiscoverable. I then take it to Best Buy and do trouble shooting with the Geek Squad  and they confirmed the Bluetooth was bad. They returned my phone and are ordering me new device. I will see if maybe that was a faulty phone and will update my review accordingly.Update 10/27/13So my replacement device works great. The Bluetooth pairs with no issue so that's good and it's over all a pretty good device. The only thing that is kind of a bummer is there are no silicone cases that I can find.