The first couple of weeks with this phone were absolutely frustrating. The response was incredibly slow and it had a knack for freezing. After owning it for the second week, it turned off and was unable to get past the splash screen. What made this so frustrating was how badly I wanted the phone to work. The phone is absolutely gorgeous and I could tell I would end up keeping it for years to come. I searched everywhere for how to fix the problem without sending the phone back. Apparently, this phone's original firmware is very dodgy.If you're interested in getting this phone, I suggest the first thing you do is update the firmware. Here's how I did it.what you need:- LGMulti v3.0 + kf900 DLL here: RapidShare: 1-CLICK Web hosting - Easy Filehosting (refer to[...] for updated link)- firmware here: RapidShare: 1-CLICK Web hosting - Easy Filehosting (check in the firmware list for the latest)- USB data cable- your bricked (stucking on ***** logo) KF900remove the batteryopen USBMap and select infiniteon, then "mapping start", and connect your mobile (WITHOUT BATTERY).not sure if I did it in emergency mode or not, anyway if doesn't work simply press send (green) and function (C) buttons togethere while plugging the usb cable.once the computer has recognized your mobile click save&exit.;now open GSMulti and choose the right DLL and .bin files you've just downloaded.click start and wait a while..first it didn't recognize my mobile..I tried unplugging and plugging it in again while pressing send and func buttons and after a while it started uploading the firmware to the mobile.After updating the firmware I found the phone to be absolutely amazing! It's exactly what I was hoping it would be. Sure, it's a little dated in comparison to the newest iPhone etc., but it's extremely attractive and the slide out qwerty keyboard is a huge bonus! After the firmware update I found it to get better usb reception, it works a hell of a lot faster, and never locks up.What I like most about it;-Despite other reviewers, I find the build quality incredible. It feels like something Prada would make.-It's very attractive, especially with the black leather case. Get yourself screen covers to keep it looking mint.-In comparison to the Prada I, the added multi-tasking, better network, wifi access, qwerty keyboard, widgets, and even the fact that I can access all of my media from one button are major upgrades. Access to media from one button sounds small, but it was rather annoying to go to media> external storage> media> images just to look at the photos you put on your micro card. Well, at least for me it was, which I change the wallpaper on almost a daily basis. Also, on the Prada I you couldn't play an album in the media player from your external storage. You had to add songs to a playlist first. Again, I just find the Prada II leaps and bounds above its predecessor.-The images, videos, and music files already installed on the phone are actually quite nice. I found the preinstalled ringtones very fitting of the phone, and decided to use those over ones I personally downloaded. Even the "sleep-mode" slideshow you see when the phone is locked is really quite nice.-One of the reasons I bought not only the Prada II, but Prada I, and the LG Vu over the iPhone is because of the UI. On all three, the interface is quite attractive, and the only improve on it more with the Prada II.I'm incredibly happy with this phone, and I certainly suggest anyone looking for a fashion phone to try it out. I've already put money aside for the Prada Link just because of how happy I am with this phone. However, it's definitely a must to update the firmware as soon as you get it.