I actually purchased this device close to three months ago and it started off very well.  Has a great display that is large, a notification light, very fast, and the camera quality is pretty good (but lower those expectations just a little bit if you were expecting a camera similar to the Lumia 1020 quality lol).  One of the more impressive attributes is the quality of the calls that you hear through their HD voice quality technology.So why the 1 star?  Well quality is very crucial ingredient when buying a phone.  This isn't a $25 shirt or a nice meal out, this is a $600 electronic, and for $600 of hard earned money, you would easily expect it to last without anything breaking as long as you take care of your product.  So the very first thing I did when I got the device was I put it into a case.  Then I made sure I gently placed it down on table tops, etc because I wanted my product to last.  One day I am sitting at the table for lunch and see a reflection striking my eye coming from the camera.  Turns out there are four large cracks in the glass.  How???  I have done nothing but cradle it.  It is poor quality.  Whether the composition of the glass is not made with the best quality formula, or for cost they try to make the glass as thin as possible so that breathing on it shatters the display, this is without a doubt clearly poor quality parts.  If this glass shattered on the camera on the back, just *imagine* what can happen to the front.  I am waiting any day now where I randomly cough and the front glass shatters leave my device unusable.Better yet here is their response: "While we constantly strive for better ways of keeping maintenance to a minimum, occasional failures can occur. Unfortunately a cracked screen is not covered by our warranty.You are still able to send your device in, just paying for shipping cost, and we will determine if it will be covered or not by our terms and conditions."How convenient.  They go ahead place cheap parts into their devices, then say they don't cover it, and it's a win-win for them.  So now that 13MP camera just became a [13MP - (wear the cracks are)].  It's really pathetic if you ask me.  If anyone currently has this phone, I strongly urge you to be very careful with the phone and soft pad the back camera when not in use.  As for the front, we all have to cross our fingers nothing happens.  Remember, no breathing, blinking, coughing, or sneezing.Two things are clear: They are not made well and LG doesn't care.  Stay clear of this phone and go with a Nokia, or an Apple, or an HTC.  Something that is well known  and has the reputation of a better build where if the glass actually breaks, you most likely dropped it and it wasn't protected unlike LG (and even Samsung with their notorious poor build quality on the Note II and S III if you google search their problems).Ed