Loved, still love my first Nokia phone.  Still have it and use it but it is not a smartphone and it's more of a "house phone" than a cell phone.  I did a lot of research and when it came down to the iphone or this, I chose this.  Sure, it is great for texting.  Takes decent picture but there is a lag on the shutter and even though it's a 10mp camera, it doesn't take all that great of pictures.This phone came with Symbian Anna.  I had no idea that Belle was possible for an upgrade until about a month later.  Belle greatly improved on Anna but certain features were missing, I lost all of the apps I previously downloaded for free on Anna but now have to pay for on Belle, and the ringtones are sub par compared to Anna.  That was fixable by going to a forum to download Anna's ringtones.  I added them to my phone so that was cool.  The system has plenty of apps, which is all fine and dandy but most new companies are only making apps for Android and iPhone.  They are not bothering to make compatible apps for Symbian interfaces.  I can't even access certain websites because I cannot download and use google chrome as a browser and cannot access google play.I'm not an app whore but there are certain apps by certain companies that I'd like to utilize and I can't and that is frustrating.This phone is good for texting.  Web surfing is a bit slow but suffices for what I need on a phone.  Sending images is also easy.  There are some pluses like meeting mode, offline and online mode, etc.Another issue that occurs a lot with this phone is that it freezes a lot, for no reason, and I don't even have that many apps or anything on my phone.  I have to hold the power button on the phone and sometimes that doesn't even work for shutting it off at first.  Sometimes, I just have to sit and wait a few minutes and try again.This phone was my second of this model.  The first I ordered had an imperfection on the camera lens and I had to exchange it.  That took 2-3 weeks to work itself out and I only had a 30 day window to try out the phone and see if all worked fine.Overall, I'm very disappointed with this phone.  I was a dedicated Nokia fan but now I'm in the market for a new phone and it's only been six months.  My last Nokia kept (still keeps) me happy and it's been four years.  Too bad it isn't a smart phone.  It's a shame.  The phone itself is rather sturdy and feels great in my hands.  Perfect size, pleasing to the eye.  It just doesn't fit my needs.I do not expect any of you to consider my opinion as my review is not a techie rant but there are some valid points and I thought I'd share.