I must echo other online reviews about this phone. It shines... and basically that's what it does.This is a phone about fashion. And thus, I believe it's geared towards fashion concious women.I'm a middle aged male and I enjoy the shiny look and appreciate the elgant metal that covers most of the phone (so much that it's not just an "accent").I also appreciate the good sound of the MP3 player and the autofocus of the 2 Megapixel camera with Schneider-Kreuznach Optics (whoever they are).Therefore, I bought it for my wife. BUT I didn't notice that it didn't work on her operator's band, so I'm stuck with it.As a middle aged male who's looking for more function than form, this beautiful phone just doesn't work for me, and here's why:1. The scrolling wheel is not responsive enough.2. The keys are awkardly placed. Reaching for the bottom row is uncomfortable, and the send and end keys are not where I expect them to be.3. Also, there's not much tactile feedback to notice the separation between the keys (so you must be able to look at the phone when dialing). Try texting fast with it...4. The interfase software is not great. Very basic MP3 player.5. Love the autofocus... Hate the autofocus! It's great that you can get the camera to focus on things 1 inch away from the lens. Great to take a good pic of a business card or any other stationary object. Bad if you try to shoot a moving target, because it takes at least one full second to focus. It just won't work because there's such a delay (at least 2 seconds) from the moment you press the button to the moment the picture is taken, that you get either blurred pictures or the events you want to picture have already passed (and gone). You can't shut down the shutter (no mute, can't change the sound either). And where's the ZOOM??? Couldn't figure it out: Volume keys don't do it and scroll wheel doesn't do it either.6. Shine! Really, I had never experienced such a frustrating thing as trying to use this phone in sunlight. It's near impossible. It REALLY is that bad.7. Bluetooth connection has not happened smoothly. I haven't been able to send pics via bluetooth to my BlackBerry Curve. And when I connect the ear piece to the Shine, the ear piece loses all settings and stops connecting to my BB (so I must do the whole pairing process again). I had a Nokia before and I could connect my ear piece to both phones simmultaneously without a problem (I'm not saying I could have two conversations at once, but I could receive a call from any of the two phones at one time).8. Reception is not good9. Scratches easily all over; fingerprint magnet10. I drive a lot. I LOVE voice dialing. Where is it?11. The loudspeaker is so underpowered that the speakerphone function is close to useless. I love speakerphones because I can multi-task with both hands free.So, if you're someone who expects a cell phone to be more functional than a basic $10 household phone, maybe this one's not for you.If you want to shell $200 for a great looking phone that only works as a phone (and not the best at that), that's your call. You can alwas look at it as a piece of jewelery (or get one of those gold plated phones with diamonds and rubies).I'm fine and happy with my BlackBerry Curve, thank you. Even if I still have to get me a better camera.Two other words of advice:1. I bought an unlocked phone imported from I don't know where. Thus, be sure to check connectivity with your operator first! Tri-Band means the phone works on any of 3 bands... make sure your operator has one of them.2. My primary language is spanish and the phone I got seems to be an asian version. Thus I can only choose between english and a bunch of asian languages (vietnamese, chinese, simplified chinese, etc.)