I see a lot of bad reviews on this site about the HP 6315, and I think the reviews are misleading..  this thing is above average all the way around.It's not a stellar phone by any stretch but it works as it should for what it is. Get a bluetooth headset.. talking on the phone with out one extended periods of time can be a pain, and it's volumne is somewhat lack luster. I think a lot of people EXPECT it to be a phone first and a PDA second and that's NOT this equipments purpose.Wanna yammer non stop for hours on a cell phone, by all means, knock yourself out, but buy a good cellular phone....this isn't the equipment to do it with. Or buy a blue tooth Headset for your Ipaq.....I've used mine all thru Europe and the Middle East and found for the most part it switches bands easily, picks up a  signal rather quickly and works well in all but the most hard to reach places like elevators.. but the phone feature is just that, a feature not the primary purpose. Used with a Blue tooth headset it becomes much more bearable as a phone. Did I mention ....Get a blue Tooth Head set for the phone yet?I haven't had but a few dropped calls on mine, and those were international calls. Secondly Im on a much less robust cellular network in the ME then in the states and STILL the 6315 does the job ....So I can't see where the complaints about missed calls is so heavy, not saying it doesn't happen but just that it's not my experience with my 6315.As far as the software glitches, yes it freezes at times, BUT I found the best thing to do is simply get into the habit of each morning, doing a reset on it after it sits over night in it's charging cradle... that reduced the problem I had with freezing by 85%.  And do periordic BACK UPS...This isn't a PC...it takes a little more effort then the PC at home that hasn't been shut down for the last 2 years.Where this piece of gear shines is as a PDA it's almost idiot proof and with my MS Outlook using ActiveSync it's phenomenal, contacts, appointments, e-mails, word, excel and even a few songs to relax with all at the touch of a button. The display is clear and easy to read as well, and I use mine on planes quite often to read the latest books.Web browsing is a snap as long as you can find a hot spot and set your connections right.I don't wish to hurt anyones feelings...but this is not a piece of gear for the first time buyer or average no technical person to buy, in other words you are only going to have grief if you order this and pull it out of the box and expect it to somehow  magically work for you.Secondly ...... READ THE MANUAL...duh...Take your time setting it up, and I would wager that would alleviate 50% of the problems people are saying this thing has on here.....as for me...I would buy it again in a heart beat :-p