If you are reading this, you probably know at least from word of mouth that this is THE BEST PHONE available, so I won't work you up in this direction.  Instead, my experience with it:I got the Chilean version, but it is pretty much of no consequence:  Android can be displayed in many different languages, so don't sweat it.  Actually, I believe the phone started up in English (don't remember right now as it has been like 6 weeks now).Out of the box is (at least mine), Android 2.3.3, UHKE2 kernel (the KE2 part is the more important part).  This version is flawed!  In my case, the com.android.google.phone (or something along those lines) process would periodically crash!  Sometimes as fast as 1 or 2 minutes from the last crash.  Some days, on the other hand, would crash only once or twice.  The good news:  You can download the Kies software for PC from Samsung and plug in your phone to the PC.  It will immediately tell you there's an upgrade.  At the time of this writing, the most recent kernel is UHKG7, which is Android 2.3.4.  This kernel fixed the phone process issue.  It also fixes the fact that you must say "Hi Galaxy" instead of "Hola Galaxy" when you configure voice command in Spanish.And speaking about voice command:  It works beautifully!  I use it in Spanish and pretty much understands everything except one thing (and this problem is present in KE2 and KG7):  It doesn't understand "enviar" (translation: send) when you are dictating a text message.  You are therefore forced to click the Send button to complete the text message operation.  And yes, a data connection is needed for this to work, but then again, which one doesn't?  And this is more a question than a rhetorical question because I don't have much experience with voice command applications.Continuing with voice recognition, the KE2 kernel comes with Google Search for your phone, but it doesn't come with Voice Search installed.  If you're in the USA, this probably isn't a problem, as Google Search will direct you to the Voice Search page inside the Android Market for you to install when you hit the microphone button.  BUT, if you are outside the USA, chances are you won't find Voice Search in the Android Market.  Again, the good news is that the KG7 kernel provides Voice Search, so one more bug down.People are very interested in battery life:  It sucks!  But then again, what smartphone with these specifications doesn't?  My data plan is unlimited data, but restricted bandwidth, so I run Twitter, Hotmail, GMail, MSN Messenger, Google Talk, Office Communicator sometimes, 2 news tickers, you name it!  Ah, the Shazam widget and a few others that periodically connect to the Internet.  I get between 8 and 12 hours of battery life.  Coming from a Motorola phone that could work with one charge every other night (sometimes more), this is a big change.  It's like going back 10 years to the time where it was common to have a desktop battery charger and 2 or 3 spare batteries.  Not nice at all.  The good thing is that you can have your phone charged via a PC's USB port.  So that buys you some time.Probably one very big thing if you're not into custom ROM's and such:  Even though kernel KG7 is Android v2.3.4, Google Talk does NOT offer video chat.  Could it be my region??  Maybe.  I haven't investigated about this.  What I can tell you:  I got KG7 via Samsung Kies and my Google Talk doesn't have video chat.  Why did I introduce this talking about custom ROM's?  Well, chances are that you can probably find out there a v2.3.4 kernel that does offer video chat via Google Talk.Regarding custom ROM's:  I haven't tried any.  The procedure to root this device is pretty simple.  You just need the Odin software and a rooted kernel.  You can have your phone rooted in 4 minutes.  I haven't done it!  Feel free to comment if you have and share your experience.Finally, Samsung TouchWiz 4.0:  I love it!  But then again, my opinion is probably a naive one because I have never used stock Android in the past.  In fact, this is my very first Android device.  So I don't really have a comparison point.  Still, I have compared a bit my phone to an HTC Aria running Cyanogen MOD and I prefer my user interface.  And this is all I have to say about this (and no, I'm not Forrest Gump :-) ).