I got this phone as an upgrade from my LG Optimus, have had it a few weeks and I'm not thrilled.  My biggest complaint is the lag time from when you touch an icon on the screen to when it actually opens.  It takes a few seconds, sometimes several seconds which might not seem like much, but when you press something and it doesn't open, it makes you think something is wrong with the phone. In fact, it's just incredibly slow to respond.  To me that's pretty annoying. And when you want to use the camera, it takes a long time for it to load and open.  The next thing I really don't like is how smooth & shiny it is. It might look neat, but it translates to being very slippery, which is especially a problem if when you use the Navigation, you set it on your lap as you drive like I do.  The phone slips and slides ALL OVER the place, and the slightest tap on the brakes will send this phone flying onto the floor where you'll have to retrieve it from somewhere near the pedals (which is quite dirty in my car).  My LG phone had a slightly rubberized surface which was ideal for a mobile phone, I guess I'm just so used to that.  Slippery plastic seems like the worst possible choice of materials to use.  The third thing that really annoys me is that the navigation feature was recently changed--the layout, the menu, how it functions, it's completely different.  Now they use Google Maps which is synced to your computer (did I SAY I wanted my phone & computer synched?  NO!).  There are a lot more steps involved when you want it to navigate somewhere, which is another annoyance when you're in your car and don't want to have to press a zillion things just to start the Navigation.  The way it used to be was much simpler & easier by comparison.  This isn't Samsung's fault I guess, but it does add to my overall frustration.  Lastly, when you first start service with this phone, it automatically shows your voice mail messages in text format. I think this is a free trial of this for the first month, but I don't like it and apparently there's nothing I can do to get rid of it until the free month expires, which I'm anxiously waiting for.  I can't even call my voicemail to retrieve my messages!  Ughhh!!!  And the vm text feature isn't always accurate, it misunderstands some words that people say in their message.  Oh and the battery life isn't great.  My LG Optimus had much better battery life. And the touch screen on this phone isn't always very sensitive when I touch something deliberately, which is pretty ironic because... ...This phone has a super-annoying habit of opening apps and windows all by itself, just by sitting in my back pocket when I walk somewhere.  This seems pretty hard to accomplish, because in order to open an app, you first have to a) press the button located on the top edge of the phone to turn the screen on, and then b) slide your finger across the screen to unlock it.  Only then can you start opening apps, email, etc.  But oh no, somehow this phone manages to do that all by itself just sitting in my back pocket, even after I have locked the screen.  Today I took it out of my pocket to discover that it had turned on the flashlight app all by itself.  Seriously?!?!?!Oh one more thing, it only has ONE alarm clock ringtone, which is another annoyance because I depend on my phone as an alarm clock in the morning, and the only ringtone selection they have is a very mellow melody.  Most of the time I don't even hear it, even when it's tight next to my head, so I use my old phone for the alarm clock.  Why don't they offer more than one measly ringtone for the alarm???  My LG had about a dozen.Judging by the reviews, a lot of people seem to like this phone.  I guess it's a matter of personal preference, but as for me, overall I'm pretty annoyed with it. I'd return it but the 30 day return window just passed.  Grrr.