This was my first non-Nokia phone, and I too returned it at the end of the 30 day AT&T; no-questions asked return period. I've had AT&T; for years, though this was my first digital. I've always had great customer service from them ....T616 Positives:- Beautiful looking, small, lightweight.- Display has great color graphics and themes.- Bluetooth synching my contacts via isync on my mac was fantastic. See below for limitations though.- Bluetooth for internet access: My friend uses his to access the internet via his Powerbook. When I saw that was when I wanted to buy this phone! But he has Sprint with unlimited data. AT&T; doesn't offer an unlimited data plan. I imagine with AT&T; internet access could get pricey.- Fun taking my friends photos (yes, grainy, but fine for a phone) and and assigning them to their contact info so that their photo would turn up when they called.- Good loud rings, sounds great though the first ring is softer.- AT&T; customer service and return policy.However, other than that, this phone was pretty limited:- It took quite a bit of manipulation to get my mac's address book fields matching (several syncs to see what went where and reorganizing the contacts on my computer that were going into the phone) and it does not store addresses. Limited length on what you can save in the Calendar or transfer from iCal. Not a PDA replacement by any means.-The keys are so small (and this phone was the same dimensions as my last phone) I was constantly hitting the wrong ones. Forget texting or trying to enter an appointment.- Display: Tiny display fonts very hard to read. Agree with other reviewers too that its unreadable in daylight.- Slow response time. I like that you can press the joystick to select (rather than having to use a different key like you do on Nokias), to search for a name in a big contact list is slow... it hestiates between each step.- You have to have it positioned exactly right on your ear to hear what the other person is saying, so each call is this moving around the phone to get it just right. Once you do that though, the sound quality is crystal... but what good is that if you aren't getting your calls or can't make them?- Battery life. I am a very light user and had to charge it every other day at least. Other phones I've had could go many more days.- I couldn't get the phone to send pictures to anyone. Friend on Sprint couldn't get his photos to send to me either. Couldn't figure out how to bluetooth them into my computer but didn't try too hard.- Navigation system is counter-intuitive, though I was using this phone for 28 days and read the manual. To lock the keys if the phone has to go to sleep requires pressing a key to wake it up, then clearing what you've pressed, then pressing two more keys. Everything took more steps than my previous phones, and in the end the annoyance was too great.- Reception was awful compared to all my previous phones. Sitting side by side with someone also on AT&T; digital, their phone (Nokia 6800) got two bars and mine was red with no service. This was in LA, NY and Boston metro areas. Sometimes it would tell me I had service but then suddenly I would get three calls that had gone to voicemail, some of them from hours earlier. Never had this happen before on other phones.....