I've only owned the Samsung Infuse 4G (using ATT) for a few days, but it is truly an impressive device. I would strongly recommend it to anyone considering a top-line smart phone. Period.My smart phone history is (recently) six Dell Streak 5s (which is an amazing device, but with a few flaws), a Blackberry Bold 9000, and temporarily (recently) an LG540.Samsung Infuse is a beautiful phone. Vivid display (clearer and larger than any similar smart phone), logical functionality (16 Apps per page that scroll sideways), and the flexibility of Android.It's capacitive touch screen works very well, and the onboard memory (and capacity to upgrade) is excellent.The only weak point is the battery, but I've only had the device for days and it's not quite fair to criticize quite yet. However, having said that, it seems that if you allow all manner of back-ground programs to run (which is what will happen - unless you intervene), that you may spend some part of your day re-charging this device just to keep it alive.However, experience users (e.g., ATT reps who own this device, & other US citizens) advise me that selecting Task Managers (installed) or Market-available task managers (free), will extend your battery's life well beyond default settings. Not sure yet, but it seems the battery will last the majority of the day IF you are not using Wifi, GPRS-web, running onboard programs to the max, and/or talking simultaneously throughout your day. Perhaps all that activity is unlikely, but it's possible.Purchase a protective case immediately. This device is very thin, and its form-facter offers very little built-in impact-absorbing space (none), and you'll need to add some survivability to put your mind at ease. I selected the Case Mate, and it fits as tight as a drum head, but seems to offer some impact resistance; haven't tested it, nor do I want to.The Power-up key (top right) seems a bit of an odd place, but this probably prevents it from being pressed inadvertently. The volume rocker keys (top left) function as you would expect (up-loud, down-quieter), which is a breath of fresh air (Dell Streak varied its volume rocker functionality based on whatever direction its AutoRotation determined was UP - which I found very strange).This is only a quick "First Impression" evaluation. But I must say, I am blown away by the absolute beauty of the large 4.5" display (not as big as Dell Streak 5, but much brighter and clearer), and the ease-of-use of Samsung Infuse. Infuse ships with a charger cable, wall adapter (no car power adapter is provided), an HDMI to phone plug (this phone will connect to your HDMI television for playback), quite nice ear buds (two extra different-sized ear bud sets), and a code sheet for one free HD movie. Loaded HD movies look amazing on this device, by the way.Email, Internet, Messaging, Phone use (speaker phone and handset, Application functionality, "feel" in-hand are all superb.I would buy this phone again. My competition was iPhone 4 (which has a lovely screen, but I found to be too small for the programs I use in my work: aviation weather programs; I'm not an Apple-hater, I own 9 Apple computers, but so far, I cannot cross the line into mobility with Apple; perhaps it is the iTunes strangle-hold that bothers me so much), Samsung Captivate, HTC Impress [all ATT so far], and US Cellular's offerings (nothing interested me), Sprint (same), Verizon's (all Droid phones - but their pricing was not attractive enough to swap service), and T-Mobile's smart phone offerings (which was/is very attractive - due to their cost-vs-benefit-%functionality ... and their unlimited data plans for 2 devices). Jury is not out yet, and the trial period for my ATT Infuse(s) has not expired. T-Mobile may yet get my business.But until then, and based on this device's performance only (notwithstanding the provider - which is hard to isolate!), I strongly recommend Samsung Infuse. Remember to purchase a protective cover & insure this device through Amazon's warranty service (i.e., "SquareTrade") or you may need to buy another on your own dime.Cheers!