This phone is really cool. This is the best phone from net10 I think yet. This phone to be completly honest ONLY takes the $50 unlimited net10 card...not the other airtime minute cards except the $65 International card. This phone has a GPS navigation, Android market to download apps that has over 250,000 apps, five home screens, download music, wifi conectivity, and more. However,this phone does not have a front facing camera, it has a 3.5 megapixel back camera along with video recorder. This phone comes preloaded with youtube aswell. The screen sensitivity is really good compared to the older net10 models. The phoene is made from LG and services of Net10. It has different locks (pattern lock, password, or just the plain android unlocking screen.) Supports live wallpapers and regular walpapers. Unlimites entrys for the phonebook. Uses of email/Gmail. Internet capability. Has built in video search for google and the phone. Has a scroll up and down screen for the menu. This phone does not comewith a built in slinding keyboard, but has a keyboard that supports android keybored, swipe, and others. This phone does not exactly have the best battery power but in a slip found in the net10 phone box when you get it, carries a paper that tells you keys to your phone which includes a key on how to maintain your battery power. This phone has sync power. The charger comes with a USB and a wall connecter.Now I will talk about the Net10 service... The service is not the best I have to say. It takes a while to get on the phone with a representative and sometimes the representatives do not speak very good english. The plus side is that they do get the problem fixed with whatever your problem is. The phone comes with a one year warrenty I believe from Net10.The phone uses an unlimited airtime card as I said earlier. The cards are found in most stores like Acme, Walmart, Bestbuy, Target... usually any store that sells giftcards or prepaid cards. The card is around $50 for unllimited talk, text, internet, 411, data, and more for one month. There is also an international card for $65 witch includes unllimited internation talk, text, internet, 411, data, and more for one month. To put the airtime into your phone when activating, call net10 (1-877-836-2368)and start activating your phone... during activation, the voice will ask you for the card (if you do not have the card when activating, your phone will not activate until the airime card is put in so after buying the card you will need to recall net10 and try activating it agin with the card. However, if you already have the phone and need to add the airtime card either go on the net10 website and click "add airtime", or call net10 and follow the instructions to adding the card to your phoen.Overall, the phone is a really great phone and a really great phone if your looking to buy an unlimited android smartphone plan for chaep and not have to worry about hidden fees or late fees.