The S390G is probably Tracfone's most advanced phone to date. It is only one of two Tracfones with 3G capabilities (the other is the Samsung S425G Prepaid Phone With Triple Minutes (Tracfone)) and is the only Tracfone I know of with Wi-fi capabilities.  To be sure, only those people looking for any sort of data usage, such as web surfing, actually need these features, and Tracfone's data rates are not a good value for those who plan on a lot of 3G web-surfing. If your tastes lie with a cheap phone and you could care less about data, you probably don't need this phone, and if you want to stream YouTube videos and surf Facebook on the go you definitely need a different carrier. However, for those who just need occasional but speedy data access, this is one of the very few ways to get 3G data access for under $10 a month.I've been a Tracfone user for several years now and their phones have been, to put it politely, modest. This phone is not a true smartphone, but it is also not the "dumbphones" of Tracfone years past. It has decent connectivity options - Bluetooth and in addition to the aforementioned Wi-fi and 3G - and has a few other niceties like a microSD slot (I put a Sandisk 4GB in without trouble), voice activated dialing, a basic but functional camera, a mobile browser that does the job pretty well, and Java app capability that allows for a decent range of add-ons, including the Opera Mini web browser, Facebook, and an assortment of games. Tracfone's site actually sells a few nice games produced by designer Gameloft, including LEGO Batman, for about 50 minutes each. The interface is pretty easy to use, the touchpad and keyboard work well (including a spacebar that is actually two different buttons), and the OS seems to run pretty cleanly. Some have said the screen is too small for web browsing, but that is not my experience; it's Blackberry-sized and works well for the volume of mobile sites now out there.The phone is not perfect. Other reviewers, for example, have debated at length the phone's Wi-fi, with some insisting it doesn't work and others insisting the first lot is wrong. For me, the Wi-fi has proven somewhat temperamental, depending on the router. On my primary router, a Belkin, it at first it did not work at all, and after trying some of the suggestions online (including turning the phone and router off and waiting for a bit), I was able to get it running, although I'm not exactly sure what did it. Even now, though, it goes through bouts where it doesn't feel like connecting to that router. Conversely, I dug up an old Linksys router and that connects without trouble.  Likewise, when I'm out and about some wireless systems connect great and some won't connect at all.The Wi-fi is not a total disappointment - once it connects for me it runs smoothly - but it certainly isn't as flawless as it should be. Assuming you can get it running (be sure to scroll down to the password), the Wi-fi provides a way to play around with the phone without burning up minutes in the process.A couple of side notes about accessories. One, many have lamented the fact that there aren't very many options out there beyond the leather clip/pouch variety, which aren't terribly stylish or compact. After searching a while online, it does seem like this phone is of the same dimensions and design as the Samsung Cha@t 527 (S5270), and it actually has a few silicone and gel skins online, so that may be an option for those who want them. Two, there are car chargers out there but this phone has a micro USB port and will charge on a computer or, on newer stereos and cars, a car USB port.As I said at the outset, this isn't for everyone, but it has its niche. I'm a phone user that mostly has one for emergencies, but there are also those times when I am at a store and need to compare a price on Amazon or I need to find a nearby restaurant. This phone fits that bill perfectly.  Some Amazon and eBay retailers are also selling the phone with a year of service for at or even less than a year card alone, which makes this essentially a free upgrade for existing Tracfone users. That alone makes this worth a hard look.