I tried switching over from iPhone 5 because it's battery life was getting really bad and I didn't want to buy a new expensive iPhone. So I gave blackberry a chance. I used to have a blackberry (about 5 years ago) and loved it because of the keyboard so I thought this would be great for me. But it's far from great for me! Here are the reasons:-Maps function was so horrible and slow that I didn't even get around to finding the actual directions. Lost my patience while typing in the address. It was just so slow-I use google docs and google apps for my business and this one didn't have that option. They did have some kind of 3rd party app for google docs but you'd have to pay for it and I did not want to buy any apps since I had a feeling I will not be using this phone.-when you scroll through a page then the swiping motion gets confused and brings you to whatever menu "swipe up" goes to if you swipe from too low in the screen.-Web Browser is slow and doesn't work well. It didn't open a lot of links within the 2 hours I used it. And some of these sites were blackberry's own sites! Also: that was on a good wifi network, don't even know what it would be like on 4g-I like that with Android or iOS you can see a quick glimpse of the incoming notification (email, text message etc) at the upper bar. With blackberry you have to go and "peek"  if you hear a notification. It's another unnecessary swipe you have to do. I have a lot of texts and emails come in and some of them are important and have to be dealt with right away. Some can wait. I don't want to have to peek into the notification hub every time I hear a text come in when I'm in the middle of typing another email or in a video call.-Pretty much the whole os is just slow. I am very fast and want my phone to be as fast. I don't want to wait even 5 seconds for something to open. I would probably be ok with it if I never got used to iPhone's speed.-Everything just seemed crowded and confusing. True, it will not be confusing once you give it a chance and get used to it but I felt like it was not worth my time to learn to get to know a new os after I have seen so many cons to it already.So, it's getting the 2nd star for the great look but nothing else. Keyboard is still awesome and the phone itself looks and feels great. I just don't see who would go to blackberry after using iPhone it just felt like I was using a phone that's about 3 years behind the rest of the smartphone market.Will be sorry to return this phone tomorrow, I wish it worked out!