I got the Nokia 6681 (the rest-of-the-world counterpart of 6682) as a gift. It was purchased in India and shipped via fedex. However, I  liked the phone so much that I wanted to share my thoughts.This phone really has all that it talks of. I am using this with T-mobile service and i have not had any complains so far. the usual stuff you expect from a phone works exactly as expected. e.g. voice quality is good, handsfree is alright, address book is better than most other phones. What takes this phone to new heights is all this:1. Awesome email features. I have hooked up this phone to my POP3 email at my personal website and my phone checks for email on its own every 30 minutes. I have had almost no complains with sending receiving emails with attachments etc. I use this for my mobile blog at textamerica dot com.2. Good web browser. The default web browser is very good at its job. However, the Opera browser found as an extra is a killer app. I do not miss any features from a desktop type browser in my opera - except for the ability to play avi videos, flash websites, quicktime videos etc. (This is not the phone's problem though. It is just that quicktime perhaps does not have a mobile phone plugin for playing videos yet. This phone is just too far ahead of time). Opera has ovely keyboard shortcuts for using its features.3. When I thought of using this phone for internet and email, i felt a resistance inside me to use the phone keyboard and I felt that buying a bluetooth keyboard will be an aboslute must. However, after using this phone for a few days, I really have had no issue using the phone keys. They dont even "feel" like they will fall apart with extensive usage - very strong "feel" to the phone keys.4. User interface. The makers of this phone really must have talked to some people like me for a long time before making this phone. I did not have any issues understanding any of the error messages or the menu options or information messages on the phone. The user interface even "guesses" what the user wants to do on various buttons. For example, when I open my mailbox and dont do anything for like a second or two, the phone asks me if i want to connect to the internet and download emails - i just press "yes" and i get what i need. If not, i would have to probably press the right sequence of buttons to download email. An easy phone.5. Camera is very good. I took snaps of my friends - and all of them expressed their surprise (seperately) at the image quality. video is also very good.6. Memory card. Nice! however, the default 64 MB memory card is not good enough if you are going to listen to music on this. I have ordered a 1 gig card from amazon.7. MP3 player is as good as an ipod or other devices - except that there is not desktop software like itunes. The speaker phone can produce loud enough music while nokia earphones are good. I intend to hook this up with my windows media player soon - i dont know how though.8. The only thing i did have trouble with was the fact that this phone has only 8 megs of on board ram. For some reason, my phone has already chewed up 3 or 4 megs with some stuff i have no clue about. I need to figure that one out.