I bought this phone with high expectations and it is huge disappointment.  My Nokia E71 has never let me down and I am a huge Nokia supporter.1) The touch screen constantly picks the wrong numbers or letters you type even with software update 1.2 installed on the phone.  If you have small fingers then this is not as much of an issue.  You have to hit the touch screen perfectly to get the correct letter on number that you selected. Very frustrating. Emails and texting are almost impossible on this phone.  To many errors with keystrokes.  When you try to reply to a email you have to touch the area in the email where your reply goes to start typing.  But the problem is that sometimes the phone will not open the window for you to type the reply message in.  You have to hit the typing area more than one time for the phone to get into reply mode for an email.  This is in inexcusable problem for a smartphone.  The are no touch screen settings to fix this issue.2) When you make a call and you have to use the touchscreen for touch tone input for a phone systems automated attendant menu prompt, 99% of business calls today will require touch tone input, the phone will dial a number in the contacts list instead of just inputting the touch tones as any normal phone would do.  It searches the contacts as you type the digits, and about 50% of the time it will call the number related to the keys that you just imputed instead off just entering the keystrokes tones for the automated attendant prompts.3) You can not run more than one email account at a time on this phone with out severely effecting the phones performance.  If you run a pop account and a Exchange account on the default home screen.  The phone becomes so unresponsive it bogs down to anything you try and do from that point on.4) The signal reception on this phone is terrible compared to my Nokia E71.  It will go from a full signal to 1 or 2 bars for no reason at all.  Once again my Nokia E71 does not have this problem.5) If the signal gets really bad the phone will switch from 3G to Edge and then the phone will not switch back to 3G when you are in an area that supports it.  You have to reboot the phone to get it back into 3G mode.  This is a major issue when you are in an area with varying terrain. Once again my E71 does not do this either.6) I had the first phone's camera go bad.  The camera would take pictures and the image was all white and saturated like a fog white color.  No adjustment or a full camera reset on the phone fixed the problem, face recognition was off, auto white balance set to auto or manual did not help.  Set the flash to off and changed the exposure iris level and this helped a little but still white haze on all photo's.  This happened on a the second phone's camera that Amazon sent me and this phone was made in China and more buggy than the first one made in Finland.  Definitely a issue with this camera.7) The phone has to be checked for open applications to perform correctly.  Any unnecessary open apps kill this phones performance.8) You constantly hit the camera button on the side of the phone when you are making a phone call.  It is almost impossible not to hit this button by mistake and turn the camera feature on.MY first phone was made in Finland the Rma'ed phone that Amazon sent me was built in China.  The second phone was more buggy than the first with the sensors on the phone.  I had to switch them all off.For a $500 phone I was expecting way more from Nokia.  This phone is a huge disappointment and I sent them both back to Amazon for a full refund.Buyer beware if you are a power user and demand more from a phone you should look elsewhere.There are to many negatives that out way the positives of this phone.