I currently have this phone and I HATE it. I am waiting for the day that I can upgrade to the new iPhone or android. If you are young, and you don't have a job, or lifestyle that requires you to be constantly sending and or receiving emails, and that only, this is not the phone for you.  On the other hand, if you do need a phone solely for business, and it is more high tech than the old blackberries, than this is the phone for you!What I hate about this phone is that, compared to the androids and iPhone's, there are not many social media outlets, and when I get bored there are no games that I can play. Yes, I am young, and I would like to play a game or two in the middle of a lecture.Games and social Medias are not the only horrible thing about the apps; all of the apps that are compatible with blackberries do not work very well. I once bought a map app, and it was horrible. The connection was slow, and unreliable, and I got lost in a neighborhood. After getting that app I just got the two social media's that I wanted, Twitter and Facebook, which are still very slow, and never returned to the blackberry app store. I can never trust any app to come out of there.Another Con of the phone would be that when you take video's, you cannot send them in any type of message, such as email and text, only straight onto YouTube, which is a horrible setting because you may not have a YouTube account, or may not want your videos to be on the internet.The keyboard. Yes, sure, there is a touch screen, but there is not a keyboard on that touchscreen, and the keyboard that is built onto the phone is tiny. But when trying to type on this; it took me months to learn how to hold the phone correctly. The buttons were made for babies, they are too small, and the only way to get a message to another person is to use the very tip of your thumb nail. If you want a phone that is easier to type, and not have to twist your mind and body to try and send a simple message out, do not get this phone. Another con of this horrible phone is that the internet connection also is horrible. You may have the best connection in the world, and it still won't upload the page, or information you need from the internet because it takes 5 minutes for everything to load. And once everything is loaded and the phone knows what it is doing, the checkers pop up on the screen, which means that the phone is still trying to upload more information from the website. The Wi-Fi connection is horrible. It may speed up some of the internet searching, but ultimately it still take a few minutes, instead of moments for the website to fully upload.Sure, the phone can be great if you are a business person, who only needs a smart phone to send emails quickly and efficiently, but other than that this phone is a piece of crap, and I do not recommend any person to get this phone.