I have been tracking this phone ever since the Nov 2012 release, and I generally had mixed feelings about the types of reviews I read all over the internet. There have been complaints about the weight, about lack of an SD card slot, about it being a Windows phone, the list goes on. However, from experiencing this device for myself, I have to say that while it is not the perfect smartphone, it excels in most areas.The phone weighs 185g - considerably more than all of its direct competitors - but it does not feel like an anvil. It more has a solid, almost unbreakable feel (though I'm not gonna test that). The Samsung Galaxy S3 was one of the main competitors at release date, and though it is lighter and thinner than the Lumia 920, it also feels quite frail in comparison. I don't find the weight of the phone to be a negative attribute.One other concern I had was how the WP8 environment would treat me, as it is well documented and demonstrated all over that the Windows App Store is leagues behind Google and iOS. There are obviously missing popular apps (not least Instagram and Youtube), but I have been able to find ample replacements so far (Metrotube and 6Tag) that do the job. If you aren't one to obsess over a name, then you will find these apps more than capable of handling most, if not all of your activities.The phone boasts silky smooth performance, with great visuals and above average speaker output. As far as media storage goes, I'm not too concerned about the lack of SD card slot. The device already comes with 32gb built-in. Most other flagships at release date topped out at 16gb and not all offered SD storage either.The camera is probably the strongest selling point on any current-gen high end Nokia phone, and believe me, these guys have a right to brag. The camera is simply amazing, and there are a bunch of Nokia-exclusive imaging apps that make the photo experience so much better.Battery life is what I would call average from a smartphone these days and it is probably the biggest negative point on my mind right now. Depending upon usage and settings, battery life can vary greatly. If you are one of the users who turns screen brightness down all the way, turns off all services, and keeps the phone running on barebones features, then you can crank 2 days out of the battery easily. If you are like me - a moderate to heavy user who keeps his screen settings on automatic and doesn't bother to turn off things other than location settings, then you will get upwards of 11 hours out of a full charge. I've seen better, but I've also seen worse.Overall, I'm satisfied with the phone. It was either this or a Xperia Z from Sony. The two are totally different experiences, but both have their strong and weak points. The price difference will probably play a role in the decision as well if you are torn between these 2 (though the release of the Z1 will surely drop the Z's price some more). For anybody questioning why I chose the Lumia 920 over the 925, the reasons are simple.The 925 only has 16gb onboard storage as opposed to 32gb on the 920.The 925 does not have a camera that much better than the 920The 925 did not come in red :)