First off,  This phone is PRETTY GOOD FOR THE PRICE! Don't expect this phone to be perfect, keep in mind its a china made phoneI ordered it on Sunday and got it on Friday so it took about 5 days ( I live in Kansas if that makes a difference). The shipping was reasonable and fast. I only used it for about a day and got a general feeling for this phone.My Package contained:A White phone ( I heard a lot of other people receiving grey ones. I think the color is completely random, you get what you get)Silver Stylus located at the bottom of phone ( NOT GOOD AT ALL!!! Stylus is unresponsive and takes a lot of effort to use on the screen....)Head phones ( they aren't that great... but they were free:) I recommend using the headphones with the phone ONLY! I tried using them listening to music on the computer... and the sound was bad)White Flip phone case ( I receive one case... I heard other people getting two... again its completely random... you get what you get. The flip case is HORRIBLE. The flip part doesn't stay on the phone and it gets annoying to use... I advise to use the normal case already attached on the phone)Charger ( Not much to say here. It does the job)User Manual ( One side is Chinese and the other is English. It's not very detailed)Strip of Paper with SIM instructions ( Very helpful)2x BatteriesWhat I LIKE about this phone:It looks really good and sophisticated. The screen is huge (5"3). The phone is thin and lightweight which makes it easy to hold and carry around.Touch screen is extremely responsive and smooth.RECOGNIZES the SIM card immediately (big bonus). I just insert the card in and it took the phone about 2 seconds to read it and bring service.It easy to get use to and navigate around. Very simple and user friendlyWhat I HATE about this phone:The BIGGEST issue with this phone is BATTERY LIFE. This phones drains sooooooo fast. Gaming, web surfing, facebooking, etc. can cause the phone to die within 2 hours of full charge. It was no wonder that this phone came with 2 batteries....Audio is not the best qualityCamera! Ok, the back camera takes decent pictures but the front is horrible. This phone makes it difficult to  video chat, takes selfies, etc. with the front camera quality.Tips for Extending Battery Life:Turn the BRIGHTNESS ALL THE WAY DOWN!!! Its the number one thing that drains the batteryWhen possible turn off GPS, Cellular data, WIFI, Task ManagerDon't use Live Wallpaper.... Use the normal onesConstantly shut off unused Running AppsHIGHLY RECOMMEND! Go to the Google Play store and download Battery Doctor, Go Power Manager, Quick Setting,Super Task Killer, Go Task Manager, and Battery Indicator... those are the apps I use to help conserve battery, shut off unwanted apps, and figure out how much time I have left before the phone dies.Shut off your phone when you aren't using itCHARGING takes FOREVER on this phone... it takes about an hour for this phone to charge 20% I'm guessing it takes about 4 hours for this phone to fully charge. I highly recommend charging it overnight.* Carry around an extra battery... I know it sounds silly but with the rate of how fast the battery drops on this phone... It's safe to carry around a fully charge battery just in case your phone dies unexpectedly* This phone can last all day if you moderately text, call, game, web surf, listen to music but if you use it heavily 2-4 hours is about as much as you can getExtra Cases and Batteries:This phone doesn't have that many cases to choose from. But if you need a replacement, type Star N7189 in Amazon or Ebay to order new onesSame with batteries. Search Star N7189 on Ebay or Amazon to get extra batteries ( you are going to need it :p)Would I Recommend it?IF you need a fast short term phone to mostly text and call, I highly recommend you to take this phone into considerationbut If you are looking for a long lasting phone.... I would get another phone.... I read that this phone lasts about 6-12 months before it starts breaking downIF you are the type of person who mostly text or call and moderately use it for games and web surfing... This phone would fit youBUT if you are the type of person who does heavy game playing, web surfing, facebooking, watching videos, etc. I DO NOT RECOMMEND this phone to you... you are better off with a more expensive and reliable phone.Overall, this is a good phone for the price and it works but I wouldn't count on it lasting long