First off, I want to say that I got this phone to simply text and make phone calls. I do NOT go on the internet, take photos, or anything else. I just needed a very basic phone for communication only.Anyway, the keyboard on this phone is excellent! I used to have an LG Xenon, which had a full keyboard. Because it had a full keyboard, I texted extremely slowly. As soon as I got this Blackberry Pearl, however, I was able to text very quickly. Each key has 1-2 letters on it, which makes the keyboard a lot smaller and therefore easier to text. It has a dictionary, so it knows what words you are trying to text MOST of the time. Sometimes it gets it wrong, but most of the time I have no issues. The main word it mixes up is "see" and "are".When it comes to phone calls, I never have an issue with that. The battery lasts throughout the entire call. I make calls that are a good 2hours sometimes. The Blackberry has no problem with battery life. The sound is perfectly fine. I can hear the other person very clearly. My calls are NEVER dropped on this phone. It is great.Once in awhile I will take photos. The photos are good quality, but they honestly do not compare to my digital camera. If I need to take a quick snap shot, I will use my phone. If I need to take a good quality photo, then my digital camera is the answer.One thing that bugs me about this phone is the alarm system. You are limited to ONE alarm, which really stinks because I could really use at least 2 alarms.Lastly, the main reason I am giving ths onlly 3 stars is due to the fact that the faulty USB port makes it difficult to charge at times. My phone will be nearly dead, so I go to plug it in and the phone does not seem to realize that it is plugged in. I take it out, plug it back in, remove it yet again, plug it back in once more, and get nothing. I will remove the battery, place it back into the phone, and still get no charge signal. I then decide to remove the battery, remove my SIM card, replace the battery, try yet again, and SOMETIMES I will finally get a charge signal on the phone. It's one of those annoying things where you have to play around with everything until you can finally get it to charge up. I am not the only one with this problem. If you look it up online, other people have the same exact problem with their Blackberry Pearls. It is a result of the USB port being faulty, which makes sense because when I plug my phone in, the USB port seems to be slightly movable, when it should be solid and stable.Anyway, if the USB port was not an issue, I would have given a higher rating. It is a great phone, but you may want to consider getting a battery charger, just in case you have a tough time struggling with the USB port like me.