Below is a list of things to know about N8(note that this is mostly about things that 'directly' affect user experience, in no particular order)1. Playing music off of an external flash drive/hard drive is problematic (can only select one song at a time). Do let me know if you know how to play folders from external devices.2. The phone freezes at times (did it with music player, web browser, etc), symbian^3 feels not very stable. I used N82 for 2+years (and 7610 for 4yrs before that), both were very stable (I do not remember if it froze even once).3. The phone sometimes would not turn back on for an extended period of time while connected to power (one time it took over 24 hours) after it turns itself off with low battery.4. When you talk, 'hold' or 'end call' buttons get clicked with my ear quite often, so you get disconnected. Not sure how to solve this except for not forgetting to use this 'lock' slider on a side of the phone.5. The 'settings / connectivity / wifi' sometimes just freezes and does not let to choose wifi network.6. The 'mail' application is hard to use and set up, there are obvious / well known bugs in the software, e.g. it will randomly not display option for custom / other mail setup (IMAP, etc) or any other predefined profiles (like gmail). I consider I got lucky 'custom' option eventually showed up after multiple resets and I was able to setup an account.7. 'Ovi store' periodically would not connect (with general 'connection error') which can be annoying.8. Automatic screen rotation is very shaky, takes too long to recognize rotation, e.g. from portrait to landscape, or just switches back to portrait mode while you are typing in landscape (it may be quite annoying at times as it just takes away your time).9. Keyboard in portrait mode is alphanumeric, so you can't type fast while in portrait mode. qwerty keyboard is only available in the landscape mode (this potentially can be fixed with some 3rd party keyboard applications).10. Default web browser is very user unfriendly. It takes some patience and a good amount of clicks before you finish typing an address into 'address bar'.After you press 'web' icon, (0) you see two bars, one 'address', the other 'search', you then (1) 'double tap' on the address bar (it takes some practice, the address bar requires 'precision' tapping), (2) the 'alphanumeric'! keyboard comes up so that you can punch in the web address, notice that there is no url history to help you here so you have to retype the entire address, (3) you have to click on that big green checkmark to confirm you input, (4) this brings to the same screen as in step (0)!, so (5) you click on 'go' button on the far right of the address bar, (6) the website starts loading.I have never seen anything quite like this before.Notice that if you prefer landscape QWERTY keyboard, you may need one more step in between (2) and (3) which is to 'rotate' your phone to bring up the QWERTY keyboard.Installing 'opera' browser can address these issues. Opera has its own *portrait* mode QWERTY keyboard, it's much better.11. 12mp camera is just fine, it takes practice to take pictures as it seems to be more sensitive to 'shaking' while taking pictures than 5mp on N82 (I have already gotten a good amount of blurry pictures on this 12mp camera).12. FM transmitter is relatively weak, needs to be right next to the radio, even then can be noisy (I used it in my car).Hope some of this may help! just wanted to share.