I purchased this phone for the sole purpose of using it during my travels.  I travel worldwide, and am out of the US more than I'm in it.  I was in the market for a phone that had the following capabilities:Quad-band, so it'll work in all the countries I visitUnlocked, so I can slip in different SIM cards for said countriesGPS, so I could find my way aroundGood camera (5mp or better), so I can take pics on the fly without having to pull out my actual cameraGood battery life, so I don't have to constantly rechargeTouchscreen, because I have always been a fan of this featureQWERTY keyboard, because as much as I love a touchscreen, I like a dedicated keyboard for punching out my textsSlider phone, because I want both the big touchscreen and a keyboardThis phone has all of the above qualities I was looking for, so I snapped it up.  Before this phone, I used in iPhone while at home in the US and purchased the Sony Xperia X1a for my travels.  As much as I loved the zippy OS and intuitive interface of my iPhone, it was locked into a service plan and had a pretty crummy camera as well as no physical keyboard.  I let my contract expire and I purchased the Xperia.  That phone was lovely to look at; very sleek and solid with a cool keyboard.  But after a few weeks with it, I realized how hard of a time I was having typing with it (and I have pretty small fingers), so I began a new search for a phone and came across the Nokia N97 mini.  I actually saw it for the first time in a market overseas, and then ordered mine online.  The N97 mini is very easy on the eyes.  Even though the color was listed as black, it has a metallic maroonish bezel.  The back of the phone is metal and the front is quality plastic, giving this phone a solid weighty feel in your hands.  It slides open easily (but not loosely), and flips up at an angle for better viewing while typing.  The keys are very tactile and although a little close together, pretty easy to type with.  I've read many reviews that knock this phone for its off center space bar, and a few reviews ding them further if the user is left handed, but I'm left handed, and I have no problem using it.  You just have to get used to hitting the spacebar with your right thumb.  No biggie.Call quality is great.  Voices are clear and loud.  I've traveled to some remote parts of the world, and even with spotty cell coverage due to rudimentary networks, I can place a call and it'll go through.The OS isn't as fast or sleek as the iPhone, and the touchscreen isn't as responsive, nor does it have multitouch (which I sort of miss), but it's much better than a Windows based OS and with a little playing around with it, you get used to it.The camera is also pretty good.  Picture quality won't be as great as a standalone camera, obviously, but for a cell phone camera, this one is pretty impressive.  Pictures come out crisp and the color stays true.  I've used the camera function to take most of my pictures since I've been overseas.  I barely bring out my regular camera now, unless I want to take specialty photos (pictures at night, macro).The apps that come pre-installed are mediocre to good.  Ovi maps, Facebook, YouTube, and a few others that I don't really use.  For me personally, the Ovi store is pretty impossible to use.  Their online store is buggy and customer service is sub-par at best, but that's not a ding on this phone, as it would be that way with any Nokia phone.The Nokia N97 mini is an excellent phone for traveling.  The physical aspects of this phone is solid enough that it'll have no problems holding up to wherever you take it, although I would still recommend a screen protector and case to avoid excess dust and scratches.  It works as a one stop gadget, as you can watch movies, listen to music, play games, surf the internet, place calls, find where you are with the GPS, and take pictures all with one gadget in your bag.  Highly recommended.