Got this phone mid January for my wife. She got it 3rd week of January. It was quick shipping, thanks Amazon. When I saw the phone, I was very impressed with the fluidity of the phone, along with the beautiful 5.3 inch touch screen. What made the phone a killer was the combination of adding Android Market place and Samsung Apps to the Note's ecosystem. I've added 20 applications to the Note like Angry birds, Card reader, Samurai, NFL 2012, Flix, Kindle etcetera.Along with the software from Samsung Apps and Android Marketplace. Samsung has pre-installed Reader, Music, and Social hub. I find the hubs pretty pleasing to the eye and useful. Reader Hub allows you to read newspapers, magazines, and books through the portal. the interface of the Reader hub is intuitive and very neatly organized. The Social Hub allows you to combine or amalgamate all you email addresses, Facebook accounts, and twitter ID's to one single list that can be checked and updated in real time. Very simple and a good idea to simplify your life. Music Hub, you can look up a Title, Artist, or other search hints that will link you to the musician or album you are looking for purchase. Once again, simple in idea, but useful for everyday practice.The kicker to the phone is the S-Pen. I have to admit, the pen is very responsive. And I can take a snapshot of the Note's screen at any point(Hold the S-pen down while pressing the S-Pen button). Then I can email the snapshot or edit it. I can send the snapshot to Facebook, Gmail if I want to.S-Pen applications are plenty. S-memo comes out of the box. But Samsung Apps has plenty of S-pen Software applications for free download. The S-pen allow me to draw on the Note, which makes it a fun toy. If you want to buy a phone for a child of yours, the Note would be perfect (adults are children at heart anyways).Kies Air Application allows you to load your phone files onto your computer via Wi-fi. very convenient.(tether to the computer using the Note. Then tap on the Kies Air Icon on the Note). Kies Air will ask you to do Wi-fi routing. Approve Wi-fi Routing and put a green check to Wi-fi Routing in settings. The kies Air will automatically direct you to Wi-FI routing settings. After getting Wi-fi Routing turned on, Kies Air will give you a Web address that will contain all you Galaxy Note's files and folders. Just use any computer with an internet connection(you can tether at the same time while you use Kies Air). And you will have accessto you Galaxy Note's file and folders through the internet).The All share application allows you to either use your phone like a remote control on a Wi-fi enabled TV. Or you can also you DLNA wireless technology to video-port your Note to your HDTV. There is also a MHL-HDMI adapter you can buy on Ebay that allows you to port the Note to your HDTV, via wires. so you can watch Videos, play games, read a book, listen to music from the Note to the HDTV.On a side note, codecs are wide and vast on the Note. You can play many types of video files directly to the Galaxy Note. That is something that Samsung is very generous with in general. As well, Samsung is one of the few OEM's that actually allow you to root and flash your ROM quite easily. There are no bootloaders. That makes modding your Note's Operating System very easy to do. Just watch a few youtube modding videos.I say the positives are1. 5.3 inch Samsung OLED HD screen (All OLED screens are made by Samsung. Even Motorola Razr, Nokia and Sony are using Samsung OLED's right now) It's the best in the business.  Very crisp and vivid. Games and videos are a joy to watch. S Pen is a plus as well, very responsive and FUN.2. Excellent processor with the Dual-core Exynos 1.4 GHZ, very zippy.3. Battery life has been very good with 2500 milliamps. which is just enough for a mammoth phone like this4. Biggest factor has to be the excellent android ecosystem, with the Touch Wiz overlay. I mean Samsung really packs lots of good software apps for the note. So I am delighted that the Note is one of the most useful convergence devices around.5. Lots to explore like All Share, Kies Air and tons of apps. And, nothing feels too overburdened on the Note.Negative.I wish I could tether to the computer right out of the box. But there are tons of USB or Wi-fi tethering apps on android, that are good solutions for tetering needs.You can also tether to the computer by downloading the Samsung application called Kies for your PC. It is downloadable on Samsung's website. Basically Kies(Not Kies Air) installs the drivers for your PC that allows the computer to recognize the USB connection from the Galaxy Note to the PC. After you download Kies from Samsung.com, install Kies and wa-la, you can tether to your computer.To tether to your PC, make sure you connect your micro-USB cable from the Note to the PC. Go to Settings and look into Wireless Settings. You should see " tethering "in the list of Wireless settings. Go into tethering settings. And tap on the green check for "allow USB tethering" once you Check on the Green mark, you are now tethered to the PC.