Hello people,I have been shopping on Amazon for a LONG time (12+ years?), and if I remember correctly this is the first time that I have written a review of a product. That speaks volumes, doesn't it? Yes, I am THAT pleased with this phone that I decided to write a review.I bought this phone from HSN for $84.75 for my son (actually he bought it with his own saved up money but I ordered it online) a few weeks ago. It was on a $99.95 special and you got $20 off for being a new customer. Add $4.80 tax and the phone comes to about $85. It was free shipping so I was already happy. I did have my doubts because:a) it was a Windows phone, andb) it was a Windows phone, andc) well, it was a Windows phone, andd) people had complained about the lack of apps available in the Store for the phoneand lastly, what kind of quality phone can one get for under $100 these days, correct?However, I figured that since the phone had a 30 day return policy (HSN included a pre-paid, self-addressed UPS label in the shipped box) why not try it? If my son didn't like it, I'll send it back. Well, it only took a few hours for my son to become the biggest fan of the phone. He was speaking so highly of it that I had to check it out again, this time in much more detail than I initially did when I received the phone in the mail. Wow! What a great deal we got! It is definitely a quality phone and quite possibly the BEST PHONE AROUND for the price--please do not compare it to its sibling, the Lumia 925 also from T-Mobile which is over $500.00--and therefore highly recommended.If you are with T-Mobile, or are thinking about it, I would definitely recommend this phone. Unfortunately, HSN was sold out of this phone as of this morning, but the current price on Amazon ($100.00) is quite good, especially with Amazon Prime's free/two-day shipping.So, my son really liked it, and so did I. I already have two Android phones so certainly am in no need of buying a phone for myself, but it was time to upgrade my wife's old Android phone, which had become quite unreliable with frequent freeze-ups and other miscellaneous issues. Guess which phone I got her? You got it! She really likes it too. It makes integrating with one's Hotmail (Outlook), Outlook Calendar, SkyDrive, and sync'ing with Windows 8 quite easy, seamless, and enjoyable. Despite what many people have said, the selection of apps in the Store is not so bad, and it's growing by the day. Now, the options for free GAMES apps are not as huge as Google's Play Store but it's on its way. If the primary reason for you buying this phone is free games, you may want to wait a few more months as the Store becomes stronger in its games apps offerings.So far I have spoken highly of this phone but in all fairness, I must mention the two things that I did not like in this phone:1) The Back, Home, Search button/keys are NOT backlit so until you learn their position in your hand while holding the phone, it can be quite annoying when you are trying to accomplish a task.2) There is no flash on this phone, so if you take a lot of photos at night or in a dark environment, this phone may not be right for you. We have a Canon Rebel T3i as our primary camera, so a phone camera has NEVER been a selling point for my wife or me, but it's always a nice option to have a decent camera on the phone. Nonetheless, it is a secondary thing for us, but I know a lot of people who use their phones as their primary cameras...so just something to keep in mind.Lastly, both of the boxes that I ordered from HSN came with the phone, a charger, a (very short) USB cable, a charger, and a micro SIM card. I just called T-Mobile and activated the new micro SIM since my wife's old phone took regular SIM, and it took all of 4-5 minutes to have her new phone up and running.Well, I hope that this review will help the potential customer(s) decide whether they want to buy this phone or not. As for me, I am ready to buy a third (or more) Lumia 521 whenever the need arises.