I got this phone as part of a rebate deal, trading in my trusty T-mobile service (and venerable black and white Motorola V66) for this shiny colour phone with Cingular's "More bars in more places" network.In both regards I've been disappointed.The Samsung x427m phone, first of all, does not come with an earpiece. This fairly inexpensive addition would have added tremendously to it's usefulness, and assuaged fears about radiation (see below).The phone has a tendency to interfere with speakers; I can only guess that it emits more radiation, such that it provides sufficient signal to drive the speakers. As it stands, it is aesthetically a minor annoyance to hear the speakers buzz occasionally when you bring it within 10 feet of a speaker, but the hidden health problems could be more serious. I am sure it is within the legal limits for radiofrequency emissions, but it still a little disconcerting nonetheless.You would think with increased emissions you would get better signal quality, but that is not the case here. Roughly 10% of my calls have to be redialed because for some reason or other the reception is so poor I can't make out what the other party is saying. Occasionally my voice gets so distorted over the phone that my friends cannot recognise my voice.The phone itself is not particularly user-friendly. It is not simple to save a number to the phone if someone dials using a new number to you. The number shows up, but there is no option to simply "add" the number to your phonebook. You need to retype it in to add it under an existing or new entry.The ringtones are either annoying or barely audible. I have missed quite a few calls because my phone was in a jeans pocket, and the material absorbed the sound. If you listen carefully though the music is quite nice.There are some good points about the phone. The games are quite neat; the chess is way too easy, but otherwise the games are quite playable. The battery lasts for quite a long time; it'll probably last 5 days with light use. The phone feels pretty solid and I've dropped it a few times without much consequence.Overall though this is a phone to give to your school-age kids. It won't make too much noise to disrupt classes, as you can muffle it with clothes, it doesn't have a camera so you won't worry about the issues associated with that. The interface is sufficiently cumbersome that you can enter the numbers permitted for dialing, and not worry too much about your child adding all of their friends. It looks nice enough that your kids won't look like they're carrying a brick or some obsolete product to school. It's light enough that it won't overload their schoolbag, and doesn't need to be plugged in every night so they can be a little lazy about maintenance. It's cheap enough that if you lose it, you can just get another one.Just teach them Morse code so that when you can't hear them you can still communicate by pressing the buttons. Oh, and pack a metal helmet to block the radiation. Then you're all set!