I can't use Google wallet because Verizon blocks it? Google wallet lets you pay for things with your cell phone (Just swipe your phone across the pad like a credit card) a major feature one of the reasons I bought the phone. Nowhere on the description for this phone did they mention that. Having an annoying WIFI popup blocking out the screen every time I want to go on the web. I also have issues with poor 3g and 4g signals much worse than my old Samsung Charge. I received an update and it made 3g even worse, this is yet another software problem. I have a friend with a Sprint Galaxy S3 and he has none of these issues, the other day I look over at him and he is online, meanwhile I fight with a wifi popup and then find out I don't even have a signal? it's the same phone for goodness sake. I have phone envy and its the same phone. LOLThis the same phone as Sprint AT&T; and T Mobile but Verizon changed the software crippling it's potential and ruining an otherwise good phone. Just about every single app I download for it that is listed to work on the Galaxy S3 doesn't. I have contacted three of the developers (people who wrote the apps) and they all told me the Verizon version of this phone is nothing but a head ache for developers its software is a nightmare. I have had to Factory reset my phone four times because of these incompatibility reasons. I contacted Verizon and they told me the software is different because of security reasons???? and that using software like the other companies use (Sprint AT&T; and T Mobile) will diminish the Android experience! Being able to use half the apps that the other phones have and having your phone lock up on half of the ones you are told you can down load....what an experience nice work Verizon. If you really want this phone don't get the Verizon version you will regret it I certainly do.  Verizon was just told by the FCC that its practice of charging people for Tethering is now illegal.  Shadey business practices, I wish I could have all that money I had to pay for tethering back since what they were doing was wrong enough to now be illegal.I'd like to add this comment to my review because I think it clears up why I rated it the way I did.  It was in reference to a review that chastised other reviewers for giving bad reviews to the phone because of Verizons modifications."In all fairness this is a review specific to the Verizon model not the entire Galaxy S3 line. You cannot judge a phone on hardware or software alone but how the two work together and the experience this Synergy provides. I have had the opportunity to use both a Sprint and a T-Mobile version and the difference is immediately noticeable, the phones startup much faster, the opening verizon screen is the most tacky sickenly bright annoying loud stratup screen to date for one. The other phones mentioned are both tasteful and lightning fast in getting to the home screen from the phone being off Verizon models are slow to get to the home screen and then blind you with a bright white screen with tacky red purple lime green circles and an annoying bell sound. I'm embarrassed and do my best not to start my phone up in a quiet public place .....Lol My friend with a T-Mobile S3 ribs me everytime I start my phone up and calls it the "Neuralyzer" after the mind eraser that Will Smith uses in Men in Black. Every time I start it up in a dim area it lights up my face like a flashlight sets off a string of alloying bell sounds takes forever to get to the home screen..... and my friends just start chuckling.......... The lack of Google wallet ...I still have yet to have anyone able to explain why this Verizon doesn't allow you to use it? When they comment on my review they never seem to touch on this glaring short coming. Who are they to say what app I can or can't use? It is my phone right? Wifi popup drives me nuts, the other phones do not have this, why would Verizon add an extra unnecessary step that has to be repeated every time you want to use an operation that uses 3 or 4g? There are countless apps that have all varients of the Galaxy S3 listed but not the Verizon model (now that hackers have found a way around Verizons modifications of the phones software it has changed a bit but you have to hack your phone to get to the point all other Galaxy S3's are straight from the box?) I'm just scratching the surface here, bottom line the Galaxy S3 is an awesome phone and if you can hack the software you are golden but this is a reveiw for the Verizon model and it is different from all the other models and not in a good way hence the poor reviews."Did you know about these problems? I didn't hopefully I helped educate you and helped you make up your own mind as to which phone and or provider to choose.