As a BlackBerry user for many years, I was looking forward to getting the Q10 (so as to keep that physical keyboard, which was essential for me), although I had been very happy with the BB Bold that I've been using the past couple of years. The only negative of the Bold was that access to/use of the internet was an exercise in futility most of the time.So two weeks ago the IT department at the firm where I work informed me that they had the Q10 ready for me and I immediately agreed to "upgrade" from the Bold to a Q10. Now two weeks later, I must say that I am hugely disappointed with the Q10. Here are several reasons why:-- FIRST AND FOREMOST, my main use of a smart device is to use emails while I am not physically the office. Imagine my shock when I looked at the Q10's main pages, where it has 36 shorcuts/icons (spread over 3 pages of 12 each), ranging from "Contacts" to "Browser" to "Calendar" to "Text Messages" to (for me) utterly useless ones like "Story Maker", "Videos", "Games", etc. And where is the shortcut for email, you may ask? THERE ISN'T ONE! Nor (according to my IT guy) can you create one. So now the quickest way to get my emails is by going to Text Messages, "slide back" to the "BlackBerry Hub" (for which there is no shortcut/icon either, another "duh!" moment) and then select email. An inexcusable flaw.-- I miss the trackpad that was on the Bold. The 'swiping' interface on the Q10 is awkward, and when you want to "click" on something when you are on the internet, good luck! Likewise when you want to schedule something on your Calendar, or even harder, when you want to make a change to an existing item on your Calendar (say, to shorten a meeting from 60 to 30 min). Good luck with that!-- Speaking of the Calendar: want to try the "Go to date" function? Sorry, gone! So if you want to see what day of the week it is on, say, February 28, 2014, you have to go month by month to get there. Wow.-- Why are there separate screens for "Work" and "Personal"? There is no such distinction anymore in real life. We take our work everywhere, as we do our personal life.And on and on. I can list a number of other minor irritants, but the clumbsy way in which the emails must be accessed is the one that I simply cannot get over.The only true upgrade from the Bold is that I have now joined the rest of the world and can access the internet quickly and without any problem. I admit it's nice to have.Aside from the Browser function, I cannot say with a straight face that the Q10 is in any way an upgrade from the Bold. Bottom line: as a longtime fan and user of BlackBerry devices, I must tell you that I find the Q10 frustrating to use and disappointing. Buyer/user beware.*UPDATE (late September)* now 2 more weeks later, I have turned in my Q10 and have gone back to my old BB Bold. So I'm missing out on the great internet browsing that the Q10 provided, but I have all the things I loved about the Bold, and still love...