I bought this phone from Amazon two weeks ago and I've been playing around with it since. In my opinion, this is the BEST Nokia phone to date. Now, before reading any further, I'll give some background information about me so whoever is reading this can possibly relate and continue reading OR not relate and move onto another review:- I'm a male, age 25-30.- Consider myself pretty technologically savvy (career is in IT).- Previous phones: Motorola Razr, then Nokia N95 8GB, and now Nokia N8.- Originally purchased an iPhone 4 16GB, but didn't like the feel of the phone in my hand (Nokia N8 has a better feel), and was not fond of the simplicity of the iPhone 4.- I like being somewhat different and not having a phone that the majority have (although if everybody started buying an N8 now, I wouldn't sell mine and get another kind).- Live in Canada (had a friend bring this over for me) and use this with Rogers Wireless and it works great!So here's a breakdown of what I like and don't like about the Nokia N8.What I LIKE about the:Camera- 12 megapixel camera takes great quality pictures! You can do normal view and also take widescreen shots.- There's a Nokia Panaroma app that stitches together pictures for you! Great for taking landscape pictures!- HD recording is amazing--the video and sound recorded is surprising.- There's a built-in lens cover that automatically opens up and closes unlike my N95.- Built-in image editing (i.e. no need for a Fat Booth app--you can edit yourself and edit even more things!)- Looking at pictures and watching video is great on the screen.Call Quality- Crystal clear. Didn't have a problem with N95, and same goes for Nokia N8Keyboard/Texting- Despite other people complaining about a lack of a qwerty keyboard in portrait mode, I actually prefer the numeric keypad using T9. The buttons are bigger, so it's easier for one-handed texting.Homescreen- 3 customizable homescreens. I use 2 though--one for apps, and one to see a list of my e-mails from Gmail and Hotmail, my notes/reminders, and the music player.Music Player- Very easy to use, FM transmitter works great.Syncing Contacts/Calendar- I was able to sync my google contacts and calendar using Mail for Exchange.Gorilla Glass Screen- My girlfriend prematurely took off the screen protector that came with the phone, and I freaked out thinking it would get imperfected before I got a chance to put on a different screen protector. Now, I'm actually considering not putting anything on it at all. There has been no scratches--anything and everything that has gotten on it was able to get wiped off.Maps/GPS- Free maps and navigation for life! GPS finds my location very quickly.- Ovi Maps is great and is constantly improving. They teamed up with TripAdvisor to give you a feature that will provide information on restaurants, shopping, sights, etc based on your location on the GPS---so you can read reviews of things that are close to you!Battery- I charged it fully before using and then discharged it fully for the second usage.- Takes about 2 hours on an empty battery to a full charge.- I was able to get 2 full days of moderately heavy usage on the phone before the battery ran out.- Now I try to keep the battery charged up as much as possible to maintain its life.What I DISLIKE about the:Call Quality- The other person on the other line sometimes reports hearing their own voice speaking, but I can't conclude whether this is the fault of the phone, or the wireless service, because it has happened just a few times.Vibration- Okay, well this isn't really a problem anymore, but I know other users have complained that when the phone is on silent/pager mode, the vibration when getting a text message is to quick and weak. Well that's because the default "Ringing Type" setting is set of OFF. You need to set it to "BEEP ONCE" and you'll get a nice long vibration alerting you of your incoming text messages.Music- There's not button on the sides to go control your music (I'm used to having accessible buttons like the N95), but it's not that big of an issue for me.Maps/GPS- There is no overview of all the turns/roads you need to take to reach your destination, which I'm sure (hopefully) they will add in a future update.Apps- Lots of people complain about the lack of apps, and so do I. But this phone is still new, and I'm looking forward to more and more development of different apps for it.Overall, I am very happy with my purchase. I got what I wanted in a phone with lots of customization, great camera, and great build quality to last for some time. I hope my review has helped you out.