This product is... Easy to use, Fast, CLEAR, Great picture quality Good video qualityI'd been using the Samsung Galaxy Prevail on Boost Mobile for over a year (bought it the minute it came out), recently upgraded to (this) LG Marquee. The first benefit is all the Internal Storage Space, available to the user. I don't have to scrimp on APP shopping anymore, as I did on the Galaxy Prevail,and that (for me) is HUGE.The Display is SHARP, clean, clear, crisp, Crystaline! This phone has the LG "Nova" Display. Photos POP on this, and videos look great.The phone is THIN, much more so than I had expected. It feels nice in the hand and the sleekness of the design gives it a look & feel of a premium (much more expensive) phone or device. BIG difference between this and the LTE Warp.Call quality is great, Bluetooth and WiFi are flawless. For those who bemoan poor battery life, guess what? Smart phones are like digital cameras, they will chomp, eat and relentlessly DRAIN batteries! Get used to it, or buy a non-android / non-blackberry / non-windows / non- ios / non-smart phone.One of the few issues I have with the LG Marquee, is that the Charging Port is on the Top of the phone. Seems strange and it does (for me) interfere with routine operation of the phone, while charging. The only other phone I've owned that did this, was an LG900 from NET10 (not a smart phone). Ironically, I can use the same charger as that old Net10 cheapie.I labored over this decision a bit, as my Samsung Galaxy was (and still is) a great phone. I didn't really NEED this, but ... Ten minutes after getting it home, unpacked, fired up and activated, I was thanking myself profusely for having done so. This is one of the most gratifying purchases I've made in a long time.I was also surprised at how easy it was to upgrade(from my Samsung Galaxy Prevail) at Boost Mobile - I forfeited six months of "shrinkage" by upgrading, which is what they do now ... if you're on the original $50-dollar plan, you'll be forced to the newer $55-dollar plan when you upgrade your handset ... meaning, I am now paying $45 per month, up from $40, which is the least you can pay on Boost Mobile (used to be $35.00). I still LOVE the flat rate, no-tricks of Boost Mobile and consider the extra five bucks worth every dime.Overall - anybody who is sitting on the fence with this, take one look at the ZTE Warp from Boost ... take one look at Virgin Mobile's Motorola Triumph, then thank your lucky stars you decided on THIS instead. If you are one of those people who must have 4G and Android ICS, stay away - or wait for Virgin Mobile's release of their first 4G phone in about a week or so.For me, and for everybody else, this phone is just about perfect. Yes, you'll see some reviews on this that are not so kind; frankly, I have no idea what they are all about. As a buyer / subscriber / owner of this, I have no bad words or thoughts toward this excellent phone.