Overall this is a great phone. The resolution is second to none and the battery life is the best i've ever had on a smart phone. Additionally the touch interface is very responsive, more so than the previous Note 2. Moreover, it is also quicker than the Note 2 when bringing up apps and running apps. But, there are a few things that the Note 3 lacks in that the Note 2 had. One is that although the camera for the Note 3 is 13 megapixels and the Note 2, 8 mega pixels, the Note 2 seems to take better quality pictures. Further, the Note 2 had better low light visibility in the pictures as well. And, the camera view point seems to be more zoomed in at the furthest level from zoom on the Note 3 making me have to take a few steps extra backward to take a picture that I wouldn't have to do with the Note 2. Secondly, the video quality in low light lacks adjustment that the Note 2 had. In the Note 2, one could take a video without the flash and still decipher whats in the video pretty well. But, in the Note 3 even in a slightly dim room you cannot see what is going on in the video which makes talking videos from the phone quite frustrating. I don't know why Samsung took a step back on the camera on the Note 3 by taking away lowlight settings and replacing it with a auto adjust feature on the camera that is supposed to adjust to the different light conditions on its own. Which, it does not do very well might I add. But with that being said, the camera is not horrible, its rather on the better side of smart phone cameras. Another thing is the speaker phone isn't as loud as the Note 2's. That was something that I really enjoyed on the Note 2. Overall though, the phone is probably the best phone I've ever had and I've had the iPhone 4, 4s, and 5 along with the Note 2. The visual aspect of the display is awesome and the default storage is 32 gigs with additional 64 gigs addable storage potential. And, I appreciate the fact that one can take the back off and replace a battery or get extra batteries to charge on the side and replace when needed. In the end I'll rate the phone a 9/10 the only complaint being the camera functioning. Oh, and I have Sprint for my carrier for almost 10 years and I live in the LA area and have lived in many parts of NorCal and SoCal and in New York City and have never had a problem with reception.  I also drove across the country with a few friends who have AT&T; and Verizon and I consistently had more service coverage than they did, as we had to constantly use my phone for GPS service in rural areas because their phones would get no reception at all. And they had iPhones so go figure.