Got this phone off Amazon.com for an irresistable deal - and man is it worth it! First thing that I noticed when I got this phone was that the size was slightly larger than my older flip LG VX6000 but the bigger LCD screen made it worth it.From what I saw of the phone, Nokia has put in a lot of thought into the placement of keys - they are comfortable to use - I was suprised as the ease of typing text using this keypad. The 6682 has a 5-way center button that I heard is susceptible to wear-and-tear (read need to replace) but thats about a year or two into using it.  The UI is clean and completely customizable.Software included is pretty good - The real advantage of this phone is accessing the web - simple and straight forward. I installed google local and it was smooth and works well for me. I am still trying to figure out how to get the pre-installed files on the included-64MB MMC card to the new 1 GB card that I have ordered - will updated this review once I have that.By far the most useful feature for me is the Sync feature with Lotus notes and Outlook. I wish Activesync made it easier on people like Nokia has done - IT is bliss to sync up my calendar and its vital for my job function because I have a lot of meetings to go to.I read someone else's review who said that he could not turn off the phone feature so that it could be used as a player alone on the plane - this can be done (its in the user manual guys!:) ) and its sweet because the MP3 player is very good - and is clear as hell. The only downside to the MP3 feature is that we need to use the custom headphones that Nokia provides which sucks because  there are so many better headphones out there that we could use. The phone takes in all kinds of formats - midi, mp3, acc - which is sweet because all you need to do to get your own ring tone is download your favorite tune and set it as your ring tone and you are set to go.I havent completely checked out the photo feature (it was not a priority for me when I bought it) but with the couple of photos that I took, it was good and Nokia provides some nifty software for editing and other fancy alterations.To summarize:Top features that I just absolutely DIG!1. Seamless Lotus/Outlook calendar sync2. Active Standby - this is what justifies calling it a Smartphone3. Support for multiple audio formats and a player that is not under control by the service provider (verizon made it compulsory to have their software to transfer anything - in this case, go to nokia.com and you can download the whole thing for free!)4. Complete CustomizationThings I wish were better1. Common Headphone adapter2. SD card instead of MMC (especially reduced voltage!!)3. A case with a belt holder (as you can see, its not a small phone!) == and I still havent found one here - am ordering this from Amazon - but its a pity that such a good phone does not have that facilityOverall - Awesome phone, great PIM (close enough to a PDA to get essential work done), Superb MP3 player!If you want a phone, get this - you will not regret it!