The Nokia N86 Phone is a good phone in general and I must say it stands out against some of the others. The best way to describe what I think of the phone is to list its pros and cons.Pros:- Good quality build and better made than the other phones I have seen or owned. The phone is not flimsy and doesn't seem to be made of cheap plastic.- Buttons are also firm and reflect a good quality design.- Plenty of tools and apps to keep you busy. I think the applications are in line of what you expect of an advanced phone like this. All the regular software (email, calendar, Media player, etc.)- Very nice display and crisp. The images you take with the camera have an amazing clarity when you view them in the display.- I like the fact that phone has two cameras. One for taking pictures (on the back of the phone), and the other is active when you take a picture of yourself (like when you are chatting).- The menu is somewhat intuitive to use and you could get around without a manual.- The sound quality (from the headset) when playing music is good and it is close to what you get from an iPod (and better than my blackberry).- WLAN works very well and doesn't have problems picking up available WAP nodes.- I am impressed with all the hidden sensors the phone has that turn certain functions in the phone automatically. For instance, when you flip open the stand on the back of the phone, it automatically switches to picture viewing mode. I have always wanted a stand like that for my iTouch iPod when I am on the plane and trying to view a movie.- I like the fact that it has a built-in dictionary and you don't have to be online to use it.Cons:- Somewhat heavy but it also reflects on the quality of the shell.- Too many menu clicks to do some of the frequent and simple tasks. The menu is rich but might take several levels to do something basic.- Minimal useful games out of the box - odd for a phone with this price.- I don't like the fact that you can't control the different sound settings for the various functions of the phone. For instance, I still can't find a way to control the volume for the notification of incoming SMS messages. It's somewhat annoying in meetings when you think set the volume of the ring to a vibrate and then a very loud notification comes on when you have a message. It forces you to switch to meeting mode all the time if you don't want to hear that. My previous Sony Ericsson allowed me to control a lot more and to configure what I want to hear for several functions.- The GPS is very moody. I wouldn't rely on it and I wouldn't buy this phone if the GPS is a MUST have feature.- For some reason, the phone doesn't always charge when you plug it to a USB connection. It works about 50% of the times. I noticed that if you shut it off completely while plugged, it will charge.- Battery life is not great, but I guess you would expect from a phone with all the bells and whistles.