I was a holdout from smartphones for a reason. I couldn't justify the monthly cost of owning a smarthphone with a data plan. Then my old Motorola met an untimely demise before I was due an upgrade and the N97 became available, unlocked, for a reasonable and affordable price. I'm the type that usually does a lot of research before I make a purchase. So I read a lot of the forums where this phone was suggested, unlocked, due to the fact that it could be used without having to purchase an expensive 30-40 dollar a month data plan.The phone is very well put together and the design is nice and rugged. For the unlocked price that I purchased it at it does pretty much everything I could ask of it. I found a solution to getting a phone without having to renew my contract through AT&T; which gives me the option of now canceling and switching to Verizon. To those of us who don't live on the West Coast or in a major city, AT&T;'s service is shoddy and downright atrocious. I live in a densely populated suburb in the NYC metro area and I am constantly losing signal and dropping calls. Enough of that, onto the N97mini.The touch screen isn't as responsive as current gen cell phone touch screens. Add into the fact that certain times you have to double click and other times its a single click, this can drive you pretty much insane. The Symbian app store has next to no app support. The best apps I've gotten are for the weather, and AccuWeather app often freezes, crashes, and does not automatically update. Nor has it ever synced with the built in GPS to change the forecast based on GPS location. eBuddy is the only application that allows AIM service and connectivity, or other messengers. It only works with a 3G data signal and refuses to work with WiFi, driving the cost of using something as simple as AIM up to enormous levels. The Facebook app is the only one that works decently enough to use with any consistency. The web is too small on the tiny screen to actually be of any use for web page browsing. You have to zoom in so close that you end up scrolling the majority of the time you're attempting to read anything. Plus Symbian's built in browser often isn't compatible with anything but the simplest of webpages. The YouTube app is painfully slow and low resolution.On the plus side, the GPS system works pretty well when getting driving directions. I've used this phone's GPS over my in dash system many times due to the fact that map updates on the N97 are free. The music player does what it says  it will, which is play music. Though the headset that came included with the phone did not work directly out of the box. The camera is sharp for a cell phone, but I honestly wish Nokia would have chosen a better phone OS than putting a super amazing camera in the phone.Symbian has little to no support and its speed just doesn't cut it. Lets add to the fact that you can't update your phone to the latest and greatest version of Symbian that comes on the N8 and E7 and if you have this phone right now it is already so obsolete that there is little to no functionality past texting and calling. The built in full qwerty keyboard is great and very responsive, and the tilt screen feels like its durable.If you were like me, who purchased this phone at the end of last year, it is essentially a phone you can text from, check Facebook, make phonecalls, listen to music, and use as a GPS. The N-gage game support does not work. The available games for purchase from the Ovi Store for this version of Symbian is next to none. I'm going to own this phone a total of 8 months before my contract is up and I switch to Verizon to purchase an Android phone or the iPhone 5.