I can honestly say no other phone reaches even near the quality, innovation level and design this phone has.The screen is just awesome with all the technological aspects such as super sensitivity (you can use the phone with fingernail, pen or even gloves on), sun light reading enhancements (clear black + auto brightness), high contrast, refresh rate, resolution, and ppi (which is even bigger than in Retina display). Everything just looks beautiful on this screen.With hardware enabled image stabilization the device takes amazing video (Full HD 30 fps!) like you were using a tripod while shooting in one hand! To make videos perfect, there are also 3(!) High Amplitude Audio Capture (HAAC) rich recording microphones, which allow capture sound up to 140DB. This means the sound does not distort when you record a video e.g. at concert or at nightclub. And the photos taken in low light just, phew.. blow your mind. What can I say, Lumia 920 makes point-and-shoot cameras useless - and in some cases even DSLRs.In the sound section, a surround boost is given to then videos and music. The latter one is by the way free via Nokia Music (on selected countries). Nokia has not saved its efforts or R&D; budget in this area either; surround technology to the phone is brought to you by the one and only: Dolby. There is also an equalizer with almost 20 presets but you can create also your own if you wish.While some other rivals make the consumers use adapter when charging the phone with 3rd party peripherals, Nokia has enabled consumers to charge the phone wirelessly, and this works even on induction stove (do not try that one at home though). While you put the phone on charger, you can set a default app to run (this is enabled by NFC), e.g. Outlook when you charge it at work, and Nokia Music when you charge it on top off JBL speaker at home.The black matte unibody polycarbonate shell with scratch resistant ceramic zirconium buttons and back plate, scratch resistant Corning Gorilla Glass 2 and sculpted 2.5D glass gives the device an elegant and stylish look. These material combined with highlevel buildquality makes the Lumia 920 almost impossible to break by accident. The design is based on Lumia 900, which won International Design Excellence Award on July 2012. Somehow Nokia managed to make this device to look even better - No wonder Helsinki is the World Design Capital 2012.Nokia City Lens with augmented reality is awesome when traveling, but it gives an opportunity to get you to the places you didn't know even existed in your own hometown. With offline voice assisted turn-by-turn navigation you can easily find your way to destination. You can download the maps of whole country at once, which of course saves money, since there is no need to use the data-connection (especially abroad). Maps are a bit better quality than with some rival companies, since Nokia Maps (="Here"-maps) are used by Garmin, BMW, Mercedes, Ford, Facebook, and even this place where you are reading the review, Amazon.com. There are also public transport schedules with maps, so this device simply makes your life so much easier.I don't know anything particular what to tell about WP8, but the usability and design is on a very high level. Also the live tiles are awesome. You can choose 3 different sizes and depending on the size, the apps behind them will bring more detailed information. Also, you can create default settings to some app (such as set default destination in public transport schedules), and pin it as shortcut to the main menu (this means, that with only with a one click from home screen, you can see the transport schedules to your destination). It has the best social media features, you don't even have to open facebook app to know if someone has written to you. Also, if you own XBox, you can watch the video or browse the web with your phone and watch it same time from your TV via Smartglass app.For enterprise users the OS offers the highest security level possible (well, not counting RIM here). The device has features like bitlocker, secure-boot, security policy enforcement, remote locking, remote wipe, and lost device tracking. Via company hub, enterprises can publish internal apps not found on public marketplace. There's also Office 365 included so all the SharePoint lovers out there will also love this phone. With O365 & Information Rights Management, you can e.g. track, audit, and prevent users from reading, forwarding, printing, faxing or pasting confidential documents for unauthorized use.However, Lumia 920 has one downside to it: It's heavy. Just kidding, even baby can lift it and put it to mouth. There's nothing which I could possibly  complain at the moment.With above features and current price, the phone is quite a steal.