Let me be honest: I wasn't expecting much.My previous experience with Android would be the Kindle fire, or 4.0. I didn't really think that it would be good compared to my Windows Phone (Which I loved!). I knew that if you go into the history of Android, it's full of errors. The OS would be unstable. I would have to reboot (or pull out the battery). It would just be a nightmare.But after seeing all the other reviews, I made the decision to risk it. After more than three months of saving (I'm fourteen), I finally had the funds to cover both the product and the shipping (Which was stupid, because it would have been prime a few days later). I ordered it.The whole reason I needed a new phone was because the earpiece on mine no longer worked, and I ordered a mount on Amazon for my bike that ended up making my phone do a swan-dive to the pavement. So, I started calling the screen repair places... they basically give me the hint that my phone was totaled. So, I started looking for other options.After a few long days, I finally received the phone. I understood that it was unlocked and -- pay attention here -- updating the software WOULD re-lock it. Now, this wasn't any problem for me, because I already have AT&T.; It is a VERY good idea to update it to Gingerbread (and I'll tell you why a little bit later on), but beware that it will wipe everything -- including the unlock -- on the phone and put on the new phone software again.Opening the package, there was no SIM card. A good thing, but if this is your first GSM and you are in need of a SIM card this phone is not yours just yet. I needed to put a Micro-SD card in, because that is the memory for the phone. Other than a little bit inside the phone, you'll be fully reliant on that little guy.I turned it on, linked it to my Google Account, and I was off. First impressions? A little bit better than what I expected. It was definitely slow, but it was a little power-house. I liked the swipe! It was really easy to use.I installed a few apps to see what it would be like with the RAM. It was okay, but not the greatest.Then, I went to the Pantech website, and downloaded the package. It's really easy to find. Just Google "Pantech", then click support, then scroll down to "Pantech Crossover" on the left hand side.The process took about seven minutes, and if you have a slow internet connection, I will warn you now that it will take longer. Like I mentioned before, it will wipe all the data on your device. I strongly recommend that you charge it fully, then do the update. I linked it to my Google Account (again), and my first impressions? One word: AWESOME. The performance improved 500%, and even though I noticed that on power on, it takes a while to load your applications, it was a really good experience. Even though the screen seems really small, and I do not recommend the possibility of coming to this phone from a  tablet phone, I strongly recommend this phone to anyone! Experienced with android, or without.