I bought this phone after switching over from Blackberry, and had several problems with it from the start. First, the phone is very large, and somewhat awkward to hold compared to phones like Blackberry or Apple. I found it really uncomfortable to hold for the first few weeks I had it. It is heavy and large. I don't think the user interface is really intuitive. I'm not a tech dinosaur- I'm in my 20s and am frequently trying out new forms of technology, in part because of my job and in part because of general interest. There were various aspects of the phone, such as some issues with the "start" menu and messaging services, that I thought could have been laid out a little better. Additionally, I hated the contacts feature. Let's say that you have a few restaurants you frequently call for carry-out with your coworkers. Or you want to have phone numbers readily handy for your dentist and doctor. You can't just add those to your contacts with this phone- you have to create a contact with your email, which in my case was Gmail. So now I have all these extra contacts in my Gmail, including numbers for sandwich shops and my internist. What is the point?I started having battery issues with the Nokia Lumia 920 after a few weeks of use. In the seven months I had the phone, it would frequently go through phases where the battery would drain by up to 50% after being on for about an hour and a half- even if the only thing I had done with the phone was send a single short text message. I spoke with Nokia, with my cell phone provider, and joined message boards for product support, and these "solutions" occasionally worked for very short periods of time, but inevitably, my phone would go back to draining battery power at an alarming rate. For most of the time I had my phone, I had deleted almost all the apps, rarely updated the apps I did have (because updates automatically change your settings and would allow the app to run even without your permission), changed my settings so no background apps were allowed to run, turned off the data plan, turned off wifi, turned off EVERYTHING- and I still had problems! What is the point in investing in a smart phone if you're not able to use any of those smart phone functions? And may I add that even if all I did for twelve hours was receive a three minute phone call and send a handful of texts, by the early evening, I'd still be down to about 50% power- at least.Finally, at 7 months after purchase, my phone completely died. I took it off the charger one morning, and it wouldn't come on at all. I did soft and hard resets, changed power outlets, etc. I had to go to work 45 minutes early to use the phone there to call my provider, and was told that there was nothing that could be done. My customer service rep said that I was not the only person this had happened to, but unfortunately could not offer any solutions.The phone is bulky, not particularly user-friendly, and has many, many technical flaws. It's unpredictable and unreliable, and I would never, ever recommend this phone to anyone.