First of all, the reason I bought this phone is solely because of its quad-band capabilities.  I travel all over the world, and its good to always be in touch with people no matter where I am (and believe me, I've been to some strange places.)I didn't buy it for the Bluetooth technology or for the built-in camera, though I'm sure they work great too.  To me, a camera phone is a camera phone, and while the Bluetooth technology is exceptional from what I've heard, I have no intent of looking like a cyborg walking down the street.  So scratch that from my decision making.Anyway, the last phone I had was the Nokia 6610 (tri-band.)  It's also a great phone, just a bit outdated (that, and I've superglued it back together twice.)  Comparitively speaking, here goes:1.)  The V330 definately needs to be clipped to your belt, otherwise you have a big bulge in your pocket (no pun intended).2.)  While it weighs 4.3 ounces, is not heavy.  Compare it with all of the new stuff coming out, and it's light.  Besides, if you can't handle 4.3 ounces, then how do you drink beer, with a straw?3.)  My biggest annoyance is the phone/SIM card memory.  Obviously, the phone does not work without a SIM card.  If you're like me, you want your numbers to be storred on both the SIM card and the phone memory, just in case.  However, if you copy everything over from your SIM card to the phone memory, you end up with every number you have being listed TWICE.  There is absolutely no way to tell the phone to only show SIM memory or only phone memory. (I even asked tech support.)The only way to see the numbers once is to have them saved ONLY to your SIM card or ONLY to your phone memory.  The problem is that the SIM card holds 250 entries, while the phone holds 1000.  Given the choice (which I shouldn't even have to do), I use the phone memory.  I actually had to put the SIM card back in my old phone to erase it, as the only way to do it in the V330 is one at a time.4.)  My other quirk is the users manual, primarily the phone book.  The instructions are terrible!  I'd like to think that I'm an intelligent person, but I litterally had to experiment to figure out how to use its features.  And this goes for almost all of the features.  1-Touch Speed Dialing, which you can only use from the phone memory, isn't even talked about.  And the "Smart Key" on the side of the phone, I've yet to figure out what it even does.  I guess I'm not smart :-)5.)  The last thing I care about is the fact that I can't lock the phone without going through about a 5 step procedure to do so.  If you don't lock it, the outside butons get pressed, which changes your ringer settings (vibrate, loud, etc...).  If you do lock it, then you have to press a code to answer the phone if it's ringing (hope you remember it), and meanwhile, it keeps ringing and bothering everyone around you.So that's my critique.  I plan on keeping it, just to see if I like it better over time.  It was painful to get it set up the way I want it, buut I eventually got it there.  Just a few leftover annoyances that I'm sure I'll get used to.  Personnally I like the Nokia 6610 phone (as I don't use all of the bells and whistles).  the only reason I got this one is because of it's quad band capabilities, which I haven't yet tested out.