I've been very impressed with the phone (actually got two of them, one for myself and one for my wife) - no restarts required.  I'm not someone who needs to have my computer in my pocket and mostly wanted a phone with a very good camera (this phone as the best you can get) and would be easy to use for basic stuff, calling, texting and be able to do other stuff if needed (e-mail and web etc.).  The interface is smooth and responsive, the phone is smaller than I expected and fits very nicely in the hand or pocket (not a giant half tablet like alot of the newer smartphones).  Voice quality is excellent as well (ATT).In this respect and with the relatively low price for a smart phone with the features it has - it was an easy choice.This phone has the best camera of any phone at this point (Oct 2011) nor is a phone expected to surpass it in this respect.  The reason the camera is so good is that the sensor's size (not pixel count but actual physical sensor size) is about 50% larger than other phone cameras (grabs more light) and most stand alone point and shoot camera's.  Now its in a phone so its not going to replace your DSLR, but it is the best you can get in a phone.  The other nice thing about the phone is that it uses a real Zenon flash (like a normal standalone point and shoot) instead of a LED like on most phones - so the flash is more powerful.The colors are nice to add a bit of personality to your phone - and being an unlocked phone there's none of that ridiculous provider branding and glitchy applications you get when you get a phone from the wireless vendor store.Nokia just released an update to the operating system (called Anna) used in the phone for North America.  Another update called Belle will be coming in the future, so the OS will continue to be updated and improved.One note on the Anna update, I had an issue with the Symbian Anna 1/2 part failing to install (phone still worked), but if you get that here's what I did to get around the issue.  Find a PC/Mac and download and install the Nokia Ovi Suite ([...] go to support and get the Nokia Suite or Mac version) and use that to backup your phone first (contacts etc.).  Be sure to use the Windows PC Nokia Ovi Suite to back up your phone (cause your data is going to be deleted).  Now reset the phone Go to MENU => SETTINGS => PHONE =>PHONE MANAGEMENT => FACTORY SETTINGS => DELETE DATA AND RESTORE.  This wipes the phone relatively clean.  After restarting, go through the Ovi setup screen etc. that pop up.  Add your WiFi connection back in (I use this to keep from doing big downloads through my wireless provider).  Now do the update through the phone (main lighted button just below the screen and on the front - Applications - SW update) and make sure only the Symbian Anna 1/2 update is selected (meaning you'll have to un-select the Anna 2/2 update) and run the update.  After it succeeds, then do the 2/2 update etc. and you're good.  Run the Windows Novi Suite to restore your phone data and your done.