First, I read all reviews before making my purchasing decision, and after keeping an eye on this phone for several weeks, reading all the reviews, and considering my experience with tracfone, I decided to go for it.My experience with tracfone has been alright. Very few times have I had to call tracfone's tech support, and... well... what can you expect.Anyway, so with my previous tracfone, I've had no issues with service, actually I've had excellent service coverage, even in some remote places (I travel a lot). So, I ordered this phone, expecting the same.The phone came very quickly (thus the two stars), and it is a good phone (thus the two stars). I was able to register the phone, get the triple minutes for life (as per the instructions that came on the white piece of paper), and I even tried it, made phone calls, sent some texts, and thought I was set.I played around with the phone a bit, set the morning alarm, the tune I wanted for the ring tone, and even found two games on the phone that I can play while waiting for my oil change. I was very excited, and couldn't wait to get my phone numbers transferred over so I can send everyone my new phone number.The next morning (today), I drove to work, only to discover that the phone had no service at only two miles past my house, and no service at all at my place of work. I went on the tracfone website, put in a problem ticket, got a ticket number, then patiently waited. Nothing happened. I went back to the website a few hours later, put in my ticket number, only to receive a message saying the problem is not resolved, and to call their 800 number. Reluctantly, during my break (since I didn't have cell phone service, I had to use my work phone), I called the number. After being on hold for 10 minutes (there went my break), I was informed that this cell phone does not have the capability to offer service where my work is located, even though I have service in my home (two miles away). I questioned this this since my old cell phone has no such issues, and they said that my old cell has technology that can get service in that area, but that this phone does not have the same technology, and thus, I am unable to use it in that area.I was very saddened by this, and after leaving work, about a block away, my phone beeped to tell me I had 8 texts waiting to be read, that I couldn't get at work.I decided to drive around town, and see where I do and do not have service, and I couldn't believe how sporadic it is. The service on that phone is extremely limited, and if you are in a small town, then forget it, you'll have service in only half the town, and if you're rural, then even worse. While tracfone's general coverage is excellent, the coverage with this phone sucks.The only reason I'm not returning it is because of the hassle, I'm not even sure I can return it. So I decided that it's my official home phone (since it works inside my house), until the minutes are used up. However, I dug out my old cell phone, and will be getting additional minutes for that one instead.I decided to look at it this way. I bought some cheap minutes (triple minutes that is), and I got what I paid for.