In the effort of impartiality, I will run through the phones/OS's I've used in the last year - I've had the iPhone 4, iPhone 5, Blackberry Z10, Windows Phone Nokia Lumia 920, HTC Evo LTE, HTC One, Samsung Galaxy S4 & now, the Moto X (I get complimentary phones through work, I'm not just indecisive!).In using each operating system, there were always small niggles that I did not like - with the iPhone, it was the small screen and lack of customization...in the S4 and One, it was the dismal battery life...in the Lumia, it was the lack of major app support.  Finally, I received the Moto X, and switched to it, and here after about two weeks of use, I can honestly say that it's the best phone I've ever used.It feels great in the hand - the size is perfect - not too small like the iPhone 5, not too big like the HTC One.  The back is slightly curved which feels amazing in the palm.  The screen is bright and vivid, and although the resolution isn't as great as some phones, I can't really tell a difference.  I also don't watch many videos on my phone, so that may be something to look at if you're a heavy video user.Now, the battery life.  I travel quite a bit for work, and need my smartphone to get me from place to place, airport to airport, etc.  The battery life on this thing is amazing!  For example, my Galaxy S4 (which is still lit up, although on a different network) can be fully charged at the beginning of the day, left on a dresser all day without touching it, and it will be dead by the time I go to bed.  On the Moto X, I've used it pretty normally all day long and it'll still have plenty of life left when I hit the sack.  The battery life is amazing on this phone.  With my HTC One, I needed to lug a big Mophie case along with it all day just to keep me charged throughout my work hours - not so with the X.One really amazing draw for this (for me) is the notification system.  It will show you on the lock screen what notifications you have - and you don't even have to touch the phone.  The voice activation, although cool, does not work for me, as I have an exchange account linked for work that requires a password - if you have a password on your phone, the voice activation does not work until the phone is actually unlocked, kind of defeating the purpose.Although on a spec sheet, this phone is not really special compared to Samsung and HTC's flagships, this phone is absolutely quick as heck - whether scrolling through menus or jumping online, everything is smooth and a breeze.  Do not pay attention to specs!In closing, this is the closest that I've seen to my perfect phone.  I know that phones are VERY subjective, but if you're in the market for a new smartphone, jump into a Best Buy Mobile and check one out - I think you'll be pleasantly surprised.