I'm one of those people who really just wants a phone that I can use to call people. But,in this age of gadgets, I must admit that I like the extras. It's just easier to deal with, the touch screen that is. I like using a cell phone for my morning alarm also and found several of the ringtones very pleasing to awaken to(I set three morning alarms).I was a little nervous about the triple minutes for life actually coming through. So when I activated the phone I asked the rep if he could tell. He said yes, spent a lot of time with his supervisor, said it was only double minutes and gave me a number to call to "get the triple minutes" since it's not a TracFone promo. When I called the number they said, as I thought, that it was in the phone and if I got 1200 minutes it was triple. I still didn't want to wait to find out that is was not the case, there's only a ninety day warranty and a 7 day return, so I purchased the $10, 30 minute deal online. Sure enough I got 90 minutes.When I tried to add the 40 bonus minutes for July from the TracFone Saving Book I only receive 10 minutes. I called  so they gave me 40 minutes. I ended up with a bonus of 50.I probably should have mentioned first that this is an incredible deal: A double minutes for life card with a year of service and 800 minutes is the same price, $119, but without the phone! If you purchased a 450 and 120 minute deal you'd have 1140 minutes with the dmfl phone and that would cost you $120 plus tax, no phone.I already have an MP3 player but I can put the same sdhc card in the phone and have my music. I have good camera, a DSLR, but sometimes it's overkill, this has a 2mp camera and video. The touch screen makes the calculator easy to use. The virtual QWERTY keyboard is great for texting, though I wish it was a little more responsive, and maybe I can do something about that in the touch calibration.OK, I just realized the calculator can be switched to scientific with cos,sin,tan,log,etc; it shifts between radians and degrees. I work with algebra and trigonometry with kids so there's another plus.I've only had it for a day. Maybe I'll change my mind or find things I don't like. But, for now I really like it.UPDATE: I've had this phone for about six weeks and I like it even more as I become more dependent on the features. Still no problems with texting. Seemed at first that the touch was not responsive but I guess it was just me because now it's fine.I LIVE IN A RURAL AREA THAT USUALLY HAS NO CELL PHONE SERVICE. This phone has limited service but I can still use it at home in a pinch; we've learned to depend on the land lines and I use it mostly for when I travel. Yesterday I got a text with it under my pillow.My daughter looked at some pictures I took with it and thought they were good. Great pics of rainbows and sunrise. Can't compare to a "real" camera but does the trick in a pinch.I WAS USING IT FOR THE STOPWATCH WHILE POWER WALKING AND THREW IT IN A MUD PUDDLE; WATCHED THE BUBBLES COME UP, FISHED IT OUT, LET IT DRY AND IT STILL WORKS. FREAKED ME OUT.8 MONTHS LATER: MY PHONE IS STILL FUNCTIONING WITHOUT PROBLEMS.