let me get straight to the point:i am a former android user. i used android on cell phones since mytouch3g all the way to galaxy s. i currently own a dumb phone and an ASUS transmformer tablet. i am also a tech junkie and i am always watching and reading phone and gadget reviews online.android 4.0 is the best android version. it is best in esthetics and performance. samsung is a great hardware maker.ASUS would be a great hardware maker if they only knew how to make decent WIFI and GPS chips.now back to the galaxy nexus:DONT BUY THIS PHONE, because eventhough android 4.0 is better than all former versions of android, the god damned OS still lags and is still choppy. it will frustrate you just as much as older versions did. you dont have to take my words for it: go WATCH (dont just read!!!!) the reviews (eg is video review on phone arena)!!! Now you might think this is crazy talk because people like BGR and Engadget extolled the speed of the performance of this phone in their INITIAL reviews, so you might ask: how could a phone be slow when reviewers say it is fast? Well this is nothing new: everytime a new android version comes out, reviewers praise it for speed and say things like "this beast is mad fast" or whatever!!! BUT that's because they ACTUALLY DONT USE the phone on a day to day basis (most of them secretly use iphones); android phones are fast and smooth when you take em out of the box but a few days of use and you will see the choppiness, inconsistent responsiveness, and lag rear their ugly heads! you will see how your iphone-owning friends STILL get better wifi signal than you, STILL get better quality smoother running apps than you, STILL have a smoother and significantly faster OS than you. Pay no mind to stupid techy spec nonsense!!! dualcore quadcore shmamcore...who cares? thing is still slower than the humble iphone 3gs!! go to the store and try the phone yourself and dont let some BGR guy make your decision. go grab the galaxy nexus and play with it in the store....u will see how as soon as you actually leave the homescreen and start multitasking, the lag, unregistered taps, and choppiness begin.finally beware of android denialists and apologists: those are android fans who know android's shortcomings but they are in denial about them, and attempt to label everyone who criticizes android as an apple fanboy, kinda like the stupid people who label you antisemitic just because you are against israel's expantionistic policies.go read what Andrew Munn wrote in G+. it makes perfect sense, as the engineering student attempts to explain android's bewildering lag. off course, the android junkies went ahead and discredited the guy, some of them did so even before reading what the guy had to say.as much as i hate to admit it, as much as i hate apple's restrictions and overall class act, up to this point, Apple remains the only high tech company that can deliver on its promises of a predictable, consistent, and superior user experience. it really is a shame that no one else can do it. i'd like to see competition but man....with every new android phone or tablet failing miserably at competing with an even older apple product, you wonder if the future is gunna be a world run by apple and no one else....  at this point, i hope windows phone fills the void for a true competitor with apple. props to microsoft for making a smooth and fast running OS.