I just purchased an unlocked Nokia E75 a few days ago. Since then I have been quite happy with the phone. While this is not quite an iPhone, the E75 shines in its own right with its lengthy laundry list of features.In fact, one software feature, Ovi files, makes this phone a top notch productivity performer by allowing you to download virtually any supported file from your computer at home to your Nokia E75 cell phone. MS Office files like Word, Excel, and Powerpoint can be downloaded with ease as long as your home computer is running the required software and connected to the internet. Once downloaded, these files can then be viewed AND EDITED right from your phone using Nokia's onboard office program. Edited documents can then be sent via e-mail to another individual. This feature alone makes this phone incredibly worthwhile for any user on the go who may need to access a file at a moments notice. Best of all, this software is completely FREE. There is no additional cost aside from the standard data charges assessed by your wireless carrier. There are no monthly fees to worry about or data restrictions on the number of files you can download. You are simply limited by the capacity of your memory card.As for the hardware, the full keyboard is probably the biggest selling point. Unlike other phones, the Nokia E75 keyboard is large and spacious, making it easy to type for both the smallest and largest of hands. The metal bar dividing the keyboard into two halves is an useful visual guide to remember where the characters are. Otherwise, the keyboard might look like a solid black (or red) block.The camera takes decent photos for e-mailing, web posting, etc. However, my favorite feature is the camera's ability to geo-tag photos, just like the iPhone. Any picture you take while out and about can be tagged with your exact GPS location at the moment the photo is taken. For those using Apple's iPhoto, when the pictures are uploaded they can be displayed on a map with a red pin indicating the location where the photos was taken.Finally, a short note about Nokia's Ovi Store - an online store where users can download applications. Compared to Apple's application store, Nokia's foray into the world of digital downloads is pretty pathetic. But quite frankly, given the phone's other features, many of which I clearly did not mention in this review, make up for the fact that you do not have access to thousands and thousands of applications, many of which are completely frivolous anyways. However, the store is adding new applications all the time so there may come a day when Nokia's Ovi Store may rival Apple's application store but that day seems pretty far off at this point.All in all this phone is fantastic. I am an Mac user and the Nokia E75 does a fairly good job at playing nice. There were a couple bugs here and there, but nothing severe.I highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for an iPhone alternative with more productivity features.