I bought this after deciding I wanted a smartphone again... I mean... I like my Brand New Sidekick LX 2009 SHARP PV300 GSM Unlocked - T-Mobile Retail Box (Carbon Black). This phone does not have internet capabilities., but I feel I need more from my phone... Not much more, just a little more.I needed a phone that was reliable, had a battery that didn't drain in 12 hours even just sitting in my pocket, was physically small(literally, who wants a brick in their pocket?) and had a nice physical keyboard.This is a great phone for those who just need a smartphone that excels in messaging and social media, especially Twitter. Yeah, it's not the biggest screen(2.44 inches) or the fastest processor(806MHz), but you're not going to find a smartphone nicer than this at this price.The music player is great. You can use the volume and mute keys to pause and skip tracks. No more having to whip your phoneout.*9/9/12- There is a glitch where the bass drops out when you unplug and replug your headphones. Pausing before unplugging prevents this issue.  It doesn't affect the speakerphone.The camera is fast as hell... press the right convenience key and you can have a photo in 4 seconds.The battery will easily last you a day. It's 1450 mAh, so you don't have to worry about it running out at a critical moment. Mine easily lasts two days.If you do buy this phone, there is only one app I recommend you download, and that's Advance OS and LED. It's free(as of now), and allows you to customize lots of aspects about your new Berry, such as the LED notification for each app, or even each person who calls, multicolored LEDs, flashlight, screenshots, device reset, quick launch, and changing wallpapers(I have mine set up so that every time the screen goes off, the wallpaper changes.). I will forewarn you about battery drainage issues. If you have a long, multicolored LED, and lots of them going off at the same time, expect a sharp drop in battery life.Overall this is a great device. I haven't activated mine yet, but I will come back and update with call quality, texting, and BBM when I do. If you're looking for LOTS of apps(Appworld has some, but it's not as big as the Play Store or iTunes), go pick up an Android or an iPhone device. I've already been down that road. I don't miss it.9/9/12- I must add: a lot of apps that use data service will only work over BIS, meaning they work AFTER you activate the phone.So far, I have tried:*Google Talk*WindowsLive Messenger*Yahoo! Messenger*WhatsApp*Google Maps*Google Voice(can't make calls)Twitter works fine over Wi-Fi. So does Hookt. While Facebook is preinstalled on the phone, I deleted it(I don't have a Facebook, hence, no need for the app) and can't attest to it working over Wi-Fi.IDK if the mentioned apps will work with Wi-Fi AFTER activation, but, I'll keep you posted.9/29/12 I activated my phone today. I ported from GoPhone after a quick call to Customer Service(You'll need the account number of the number you want to port.) Call quality is fine, speakerphone is great. Texts and emails are speedy to send and receive. Web could be a bit faster, but nothing to make you want to cry.10/4/12 I'm not sure if it's fault of the network or the phone, but every once in a while, I'll lose all signal and I have to wait to re-register on 1X, then 3G and BIS.