So much to love about this phone, so much that I bought another one for myself on Black Friday.  I bought this for my wife for the upcoming international trip, thus the D310i model for international frequencies.  I don't have a SIM in it yet, but will have one soon in Iceland to test.I have some tech suggestions for the product though.  As everyone mentions, it has a very small amount of RAM.  This isn't as noticeable as you'd might think.  The phone is still VERY responsive and snappy.  The memory is managed well and swapped without notice.  So that is wish item #1, more RAM.  How much would an extra 512mb RAM add to the production cost of this model.The second item on my wish list would be the ability to use the phone as a wi-fi hot spot, WITHOUT losing the wi-fi connection.  So this would require two channels or antennae?  I know my laptop can do this, connect to a wi-fi source and then start it's own hot spot to share it.  I'd love this device to do that as well.The third wish item would be for 3G/4G LTE compatibility.  We are mainly data users and not cell talkers, so most of the time the cell will be chucking data back and forth and not handling an actual voice call.  It'd be great to handle that quicker than as GSM speeds.  We always fall back to wi-fi when available.We have been using the phones as SIP phones in the mean time and they are great.  They work on all wi-fi here, panera, mcds, local laundrymat, on the bus with wi-fi.  The ear piece volume is very clear and loud, even on the lowest setting.  The included mic/earphones work great as well.  Overall I am very impressed.I hope they keep developing this product and continue to release updates so the phone can grow with our usage.  It would be great to see kitkat on this device.Great customer support, reached out to us after our purchase to confirm everything was ok.  I'd recommend they keep doing that, as not many businesses have pro-active customer service and I like it.  We didn't call them or need to, although the exact model bought elsewhere (the second one I ordered for myself) came with an awesome shell/case, which I gave to my wife (who drops things).  Not sure if they were both supposed to come with the shell or not, the one shipped from Amazon didn't have it and the other directly from their company HQ in Florida did.  I don't use a shell, so we didn't bother with it.  The shell is great, and if you want the shell, confirm that it comes with it.  Also they come with a screen protector if you want to use that as well.I turn off wi-fi and other services (airplane) when charging - it charges faster and quickly.  I have been turning off wi-fi when sleeping and shushing the ringer and the phone lasts easily 90+ hours between charges.  I use battery doctor pro to track and 3 cycle charging.  I have been unplugged for 27 hours and I have 74% battery remaining.Overall this is a great product from a company nobody has heard of.  I used gsmarena to compare models and features before settling on the Dash 4.5.  I like the upgrades offered in the other models, but wasn't willing to pay for them.  This phone hit my price point for the features.It would be great if more xda-developers had this device available to them for modding.If anyone has questions, feel free to respond and I will try to answer them.  This is a great device.