This phone has fallen out of teeny tiny hand purse repeatedly! from a bike! onto a street! It keeps functioning! It does seem to be made of some "cheap" budget feel plastic, but, whatever works, right? what do you expect? you get what you pay for. The display screen seems much more large than my old phone. (this may be important to you, if you like internet). I do not have a lot of experience with the internet, but it was not slow! The texting of photos was so incredibly slow, it was just archaic! It seemed to take one or two minutes to text pics?! I live in the city, so, I dont' understand this issue. The SAR rating is very very low 0.29 compared to Apple and other popular phones at 1.2. Perhaps, this affects the speed? I don't really know,but I am curious! One complaint, is when I want to check the time, I either must flip open the phone, or push and HOLD the outer buttons for one to two seconds. Personally, I find that somewhat annoying. The most annoying feature is the fact that my very old ancient Verizon phone (from Verizon website) would hold over 500 photos in the memory! My Samsung Gusto does not have much memory at all. It only seems to hold about 70 photos? I called Verizon about this issue. I said "is my phone defective? it only holds 70 photos? why is that?" the only answer they seemed to come up with is that you can take your phone to any big box store and print photos? Verizon is grandfathering out the old Pix place website where you could DL to your computer. (It would cost .25 per upload. I miss this feature. but I don't think anyone else was even aware of this..... or $1 per day to upload photos directly to web). Oh. And you can DL apps and stuff (of course!). it even comes with a creepy FREE APP of daily celebrity news???! (Verizon did help  me to delete this, but it puts an error message on my phone when I open it once per day. how odd.)  I find the FREE APP to be very creepy. Verizon wants to know what I am interested in reading News? or it wants to entice me to click to learn more and use internet time and $ perhaps? OH! And I've only used this phone about once to talk. I did not experience any issues with clarity. It seemed plenty loud enough. I don't hear it much on vibrate, but I assume that's my fault. I have never really recieved any calls with the ringer on, so I don't know how loud it is. I live in the city. Sometimes, I walk to University on busy streets.I should test this feature for you. but the phone is only for emergencies. to call AAA or My dad for repairing a flat tire (instead of 911). OK. Thank you for your time. I hope this review helps! OH! and I keep trying to touch the screen when the internet is on, to click to the next link. That's Hilarous! This is not a touch screen! ha ha!PS. My phone initial activation from Verizon for 2 months for the price of one!!!! Plus, the first activation minutes were actually INCLUDED in the purchase price of the phone!!!! Wow! Can you believe this?! I don't know if that deal is advertised for this particular internet offer. it may be outdated!