The Galaxy S3 is a 4.0.3 Android ICS 4.8" AMOLEDHD 720P 2GB of RAM, fantastic device.The features that this phone has are top-tier and the gesture control (while gimmicky) is amazing to show off.  I still keep a few on cuz they come in handy.The device is also incredible fast and smooth, and the screen looks perfect.  People will complain that this has a PENTILE display, which has faced very harsh reviews on other phones.  However, due to the high-resolution display there are so many pixels that the PENTILE isn't noticable at all.  The saturation really adds to the screen and all of the colors pop.The quickness is partially due to Verizon, but mostly due to the S4 processor inside which easily matches the Tegra 3 quad-cores in tablets and the overseas version of this.In short, for $200 you won't find a better new phone.  The speaker on the back is loud, the sound is amazing, the earbuds this comes with are actually pretty good, the processing power is phenominal.The camera is also the best of any phone...its essentially the iPhone 4S's camera...that Samsung made for them...but tweaked to use more cool features.The front camera works wonders with Tango and Google+...both are Android/Google's "Facetime" and work with anyone who has a front camera, unlike Facetime, which requires iOS.The people that give this bad reviews are doing so because of Verizon, not the phone itself.  Verizon decided to opt out of a lot of things that people want this phone for:1) NFC...payments made from the phone using a wireless connection and Google Wallet were switched off by Verizon, all other carriers get it.2)Dropbox--a cloud based storage system.  This phone comes with 50GB of dropbox storage...25GB on some carriers...Verizon's gets 0GB3) The bootloader, or way to easily root the device and get inside to tweak everything about the device (what Android is best for since everything is open-source) is locked and encrypted...Verizon is the only one refusing to open it.4) Onboard apps--Verizon's tools like backup wifi detection always turn on and interupt what I'm doing.  In fact, when opening ANY app that uses data, Verizon has a big pop up that asks you to switch to an open wifi so you dont use their data...you have to physically hit the "no" every single time...even when checking facebook you have to.  It's sooooo anoying.So, in summary, this is the best phone in the world..no exaggeration, literally every website, including Mac World, rave about this thing...Verizon's version is severly limited due to them being greedy, arrogant, idiotic...well you get the idea.If you want easy access to rooting, hacking(which is encouraged with android devices...google even awards people who hack into their devices to improve them...the Nexus Q being the best example...during the reveal of the device at their conference they stopped to tell people how hackable it is)...get the Galaxy Nexus or wait until this Christmas when the next "Nexus" device is out.  I for one, was just tired of waiting and this device was the last one to allow me my unlimited data.If you have questions, ask.