2012 UPDATE: Have now had the phone over a year & do not regret the purchase at all.  The Symbian Anna/Belle updates fixed the purple screen issue.  The N8 still works great: long battery life, good reception, excellent camera ... the only downside is that with Symbian on death row for 2016, the # of new apps are dwindling, so if having the latest is an issue for you, you may want to pass.  On the flip side, the price is now $100 less that what I paid making this an incredible deal for those who do not want to pay for a data plan.  The cheapest one is $20/mo so when the 2 year contract is up, you have pretty much made the $ back on the cost of phone.  Now that Nokia is switching over to Windows, which US carriers can detect & force you into a data plan, I would not hesitate to buy this phone if wifi is all you need.I have now had the phone all of 3 days when I noticed that I have the purple screen/tint issue that people have been complaining about since the N8's launch (search the web for details).  It was most notable on the unlock screen - half the clock was purple while the other half was black.  Altho the clock on the screensaver does not have this issue.Amazon's Help Section was anything but, as their directions on how to EXCHANGE sends you to the RETURN section, where exchanges are not an option.  I called & Amazon will be sending a replacement; the good news is, I do not have to return my phone immediately.  I can wait till the new N8 arrives, that way I am not phoneless.Otherwise, the N8 is great; I intended to use it more before I wrote a review but wanted to warn people that the purple issue still exists before they buy.  Some quick points: the Symbian OS is like the step-child of the mobile world but for me, & I suspect many, it works & does what it needs to do.  The build quality is superb & the phone is slimmer than I thought it would be.  So far no problems w/ the phone rebooting randomly (another common complaint).  Battery life is excellent.The reason I got this phone is bc I did not want to be forced into a data plan & so far this phone has worked great on just wi-fi.  Keep in mind that Nokia just said that they will soon stop selling unlocked phones so anyone else wanting to not be trapped into a data plan may want to buy soon.Hopefully the next phone has no issues & ships w/ Symbian Anna & not ^3 (crosses fingers). Then I will write another review or update this one w/ more details ...UPDATE: Just got the replacement phone & still the purple screen issue.  Grrrr ... !Amazon will not exchange the phone twice, they are now only offering a refund.  They got a Nokia rep on the phone with us who offered to have it fixed under warranty but that would leave me phoneless in the week or so that would take.  Neither is exactly an ideal situation (I would like to keep exchanging this brand new expensive phone until I got one that worked properly) but to Amazon's credit, they did put "Item Under Review" on the dark gray N8 & are not selling it at all until they have a look at it ...UPDATE 2: 6 months later & now on the Belle OS update.  The phone works just fine - does what it supposed to do.  The Anna update took away the purple tint & it is still gone.  AT&T; still has not forced me into a data plan. Do not regret purchasing this phone & recommend to anyone looking for a basic smartphone or dares to be different, especially now that it is $60 less than what I paid.