I did a ton of research on this one and others, at one time I wanted the Iphone5, then I wanted the Droid DNA, then I wanted this phone, then I wanted the HTC one, but once I heard Verizon was not carrying the HTC one anytime soon I decided that the S4 was too expensive, and had memory issues so instead I thought I wanted the Nokia 928. Until one day I went into a Verizon store and these two phones happened to be side by side. I played with both phones, their cameras, UI and features. No contest, the S4 blew me away and blew the Nokia away. I don't care that the Nokia is the best low light phone because its video and regular photos cannot touch the S4 and the UI is flat and cheap compared to Touchwiz. Then one day I heard big red was going to get the HTC one, so I figured I better try that out before I commit to the S4. I played with one in an AT&T; store, I was not that impressed. It may have more pixels that the S4 but you would never know by looking at them, the S4 has the best looking screen on the market. HTC's news feed is really not that much better than Flip board and it is better to have widget than an entire screen taken up by a news feed. The 4 ultrapixel thing is a gimmick, the HTC one can't produce near the detail of the S4 on anything more than 10 feet away. The S4 seems like a more fun phone, more fun that the HTC one and WAAAY more fun than the Iphone 5, the most boring OS of all time.Breakdown:Screen, the screen is amazing colors pop and there is no pixels to be seen, it looks like somebody printed a glossy pic on each screen.Sound, great with my skull candy, but a mediocre speaker that just sounds audible in my car.Air gestures, works very well, great for moving apps from screen to screen, nice for web use and checking your gallery.Smart view, the eye thing is a joke, it constantly loses your eyes.Features, I love the TV remote option it is so easy to set up, story book is real nice, and the multitasking and two app feature works very well.Memory, Android recently made it so you move apps to the SD card but not all of them, you can delete unwanted factory apps which is nice, but one day I am gonna root this baby!Speed and games, some lag, but moves fast and sharp even while the RAM is all used up. Games look and move amazing.Customization, no phone is better than this one for that!S-voice and Drive, S drive is great if the phone can actually hear you!!! which is rare....S-voice is garbage, one win for the Iphone and Suri. However, Google voice is near perfect, google should of worked on S-drive as well.I love this phone!!!!