I have been using this phone for the last month, I use this phone for my corporate email, and occasionally for web browsing. I rarely game on this phone, and don't expect to game on it. This is a great business phone over the iPhone and E63/E71.Pros- Keyboard: Great for email and SMS, but keys might be too small for people with big hands, I have a medium size hand and occasionally still makes typo- Battery Life: A lot better compared to my iPhone 3G, on average expect 2 days before needing to charge, on par with E63/E71- Camera: Good pictures, not great but definitely workable. Video are great, I take them occasionally, and then upload them back to my computer, and they are great (not HD, but color is accurate and video is smooth).- Ovi Store: Good selection of apps, much less choices compared to Apple's App Store, but a good start. My only complain is that the apps are expensive compare to Apple, even though they are the same program by same developers.- Ovi Suite: Great program to sync all your note/contact/calendar/photos/sms/programs, it even allows you to do backup/restore from the phone, great if you need to reset and format the phone. Syncing has been flawless!!- Nokia Map: Works great, same as iPhone, but voice navigation will cost you extra. My complain is that it is slower online to load maps than iPhone's Google Map. Remember to download Maps for your area to the phone through Ovi Suite, so you don't need the constant internet connection to load the map.Cons- Memory Implementation: My biggest complain, Nokia decided to split the 32GB of memory into 2 parts (System-74MB, and Mass Memory-31GB), this just doesn't make sense to me. As some program forces you to install on the system memory, you can run out of memory literally within days or weeks. After it is full, some of your program which require the memory simply won't run unless you clean it up, which Nokia doesn't provide a good tool to do.- Tilt Sensor: Poorly implemented during calling/hanging up, I had to tilt and tilt the phone around and around to answer call and hanging up. I just decided to disable the auto sensing feature all together. Nokia should allow the user to further customize the tilt function so you can choose which program you don't want the tilt to work.- Games: This phone is not meant for gaming. Games are horrible on this phone, there are few choices in the store, and pressure sensitive screen aren't as good as the touch sensitive screen on the iPhone.- Hang & Freeze: Right out of the box, my phone hanged on more than 10 separate occasion during end calls, and closing application during its 1st week. Honestly the firmware and my carrier aren't working together, after a master reset, and reinstall all the application myself, things were much improved, only 1-2 hang & freeze when I try to run multiple application at the same time and syncing at the same time.Tips- Master Reset: My carrier decided to install lots of program into my system memory, leaving me a poor 5MB, I literally ran out of memory first day using the phone for emails. I recommend you do a master reset to remove all the application, and install the ones you really need and install them to Mass Memory if possible. My phone is working flawless now, 4 email accounts, 30 apps installed, and still 10MB left on the system memory.- Version 2: Upgrade your phone firmware to version 2, should be an improvement.