I have only had the i730 since September 2004 and I am ready to through it in the nearest river. I will try and be fair in my review so the next reader will be more informed than I was. My expereince with this phone has been horrible!! First of all the phone rings when it wants to. I have been told people have been trying to call me all day but my phone hasnt rang.(mind u I have full signal strength during this time)I then would take my Verizon phone, and with my nextel sitting right by me, call my nextel and the darn phone didnt even ring.And then I would get many, many dropped calls becuase I didnt have the signal strength. I am constantly getting a call failed error message that says 341 or something, (whatever that means) And when I tried to use my call switch, to go from one call to another the phone wouldnt let me switch in between calls or go back to the first line call. Again, there goes that error message again.  Very frustrating!!! And I like to see how long I have been on a call sometimes, and with the i730, you cannot do that (at least I have been told by technical support that u cant) i know thats a pretty small complaint, but hey sometimes its the little stuff that counts. Now mind u I have switched this particular model phone out 3 times and I still am experiencing the same problems.**Note, I have found that if u power your phone off and wait about 5 minutes or so and then turn it back on, you may start to be able to get calls again or make calls if u were having those problems.As far as battery life, not really a problem for me since I charge my phone every night anyway. I mean I talk, when the phone works, very much and as long as i cahrge it at night, I dont even have a need for the car charger.The only reason i gave this phone 1 star is because the design is fine and as far as the options, those are ok to. I wish u could download better ringtones, the ones i downloaded suck. They dont even sound like the real music from the songs. But thats more Nextel and not the actual phone. Also, with Nextel, i also was given a long distance phone # that they didnt tell me was long distance until after the fact. That sucks.But overall, as far as the actual phone goes, if it gave me better signal coverage, rang when it was supposed to and didnt drop so many calls it would probaly be an ok phone. But as far as phone features, it does have pretty good feautures.Ps. I was told by the people at Nextel, that they have had ALOT of complaints about the i730 and the problems are actully with the phone and not the service.We'll see, I have upgraded to the 860 today so we'll see.Sorry so long but I want people to know all that they are getting into with this phone.