I will qualify this at the beginning by saying that my first pick for a mobile phone would be the iPhone, but that's unfair since the iPhone is hardly just a phone. But at the moment the ATT service for the iPhone is simply out of my budget and I still have a few months left on my T-Mobile account. I went searching for a quality phone that had a full keyboard since I text a lot, and the quality and versatility, the ability to sync with my Mac OS. After searching at the other options (blackberry, palm, samsung, lg) there was simply no comparison for the price, and in fact I after receiving the phone and using if for almost a month, I am really pleased with it. But since I am not going to write a novel here on the virtues and vices of this phone (or any other 'thing-product' whatsoever - ain't that just losing sight of priorities a bit?), I am making this effort just for those in similar conundrums (their phone broke, lost, etc. and need to buy a new one, but don't want to spend $400 or up)Pros: Ergonomically, the phone seems a perfect balance of size and weight. In fact in has a nice weight to it that lends it a solidity, without being too heavy. It's not clunky like the blackberries and is more elegant. (the keyboard is slightly small, but makes sense to keep the width nice, and it's manageable (probably more so for female hands). The battery is quite large and gives it a long operational time. I seem to go at least 4 days without charging (if I don't connect with wi-fi, that certainly uses more power). As for going online, the wi-fi and browser work really well - certainly it's not for the most functional online experience, but great for checking some news, sites, and works especially smoothly if it's a mobile web configured site. The most useful aspect of the wi-fi is VoIP, that is, making calls via the internet - I cannot boast of this more highly. I used it almost right away and it works superbly - this is a big, big advantage if one doesn't want to use their account minutes (it comes configured with Gizmo - where you can purchase credit - but if you download Nimbuzz, you can add you're Skype account (and about a gazzillion more (chat accounts, yahoo, msn - it coordinates all these communication accounts under one account, and works well so far!). The Calander, Contact syncing works great with my Mac - and it's all bluetooth wireless.Con: Nokia doesn't have the app variety of the iPhone (but that is not really so much as a complaint as I didn't expect it would!) The interface is ok, but some steps seem to be redundant and could be tweaked better (like when wanting to make a call, one has to keep navigating through a few steps. Nokia still has not added this phone to it's Ovi suite (which coordinates your cell phone with your computer and online account to make it more seamless, but they say they will) ; also waiting for their Ovi suite to work with the Mac OS (once again, they say it will happen soon).  Could go on, but must have a life - - I highly recommend this phone as an affordable intermediary between iPhone and the mundane!