Bought this phone in September, 2009 and wanted to give it time to prove itself before I gave a review. I love this phone! My true rating is a 4.75 score but went ahead and gave it 5 stars for these reasons:PROS:1) Wi-Fi - The wifi works great on my home wifi and when I go to wifi hot spots. If I am within 250 feet of the wireless, no problem at all connecting.2) 3.5" jack, I can connect this phone to stereo speakers or any headset that I want to for great stereo sound.3) FM Radio (must use headset). I have been able to get many stations clearly! (Better than on my desk set radio).4) Email setup - I was able to get on Gmail and Yahoo wonderfully with the built in email on the phone.5) The calendar/organizer - This is my FAVORITE feature of this phone because I can set alarms to go off during the day with the calendar and use my own voice memos to tell me what the appointment is for! This keeps me so organized!6) Notes and task list-This also keeps me organized with things that I need to do and notes as well.love all of the features and find it is fast and easy to use. Mine is not unlocked as I use TMobile. The WiFi is my favorite feature. The main reason that I bought this phone is because of the 3.5" headphone jack and the FM radio and of course the Kodak camera. The FM radio picks up stations so clearly. Also, this phone has a wonderful calendar/appointment feature that you can insert an MP3 file, video or any voice note as your reminder on each calendar reminder. This phone is like having a secretary working for you. I also have a HTC Touch2 phone that is a touch phone and love it, but my Moto Zine is still my favorite as I give it 5 stars! (This superb smart phone does not deserve the bad rating from other people).7) The call quality is superb, when I call someone, I can hear them just like on a landline phone! And they tell me that I do not sound like I am on a cellphone, they hear me loud and clear!8) The messaging is great, you can send text, pictures, videos or audio messages.9) Great MP3 player, easy to set up play lists and the sound is superb!10) Camera takes great pictures, great to use when I forget to bring my regular camera!11) File Manager - You can find files, rename files, delete files from your SD card on this phone. And it holds a micro SD card up to 4 gigs, although I placed a 8 gig in it and it worked.12) Battery life - can go 2 days using Wifi, camera, phone etc on a charge. And on standby several days! (This phone has the longest battery life on any that I have used thus far).13) I use this phone as: 1) Phone 2) MP3 player 3) Radio 4) Appointment secretary 5) WiFiInternet use. It is like having a net book, phone, MP3 Player, radio, and secretary all in one.CONS:The only con that I have regarding this phone is that is does not read or write Word or Excel documents and I could not find any apps for this at this time. This is why my true score of this phone is a 4.75. However, because of all of the great things that this phone does for me, I give it this high scores as it is truly a great phone for me! I love all of the features and find it is fast and easy to use. Mine is not unlocked as I use TMobile. The WiFi is my favorite feature. The main reason that I bought this phone is because of the 3.5" headphone jack and the FM radio and of course the Kodak camera. The FM radio picks up stations so clearly. Also, this phone has a wonderful calendar/appointment feature that you can insert an MP3 file, video or any voice note as your reminder on each calendar reminder. This phone is like having a secretary working for you. I also have a HTC Touch2 phone that is a touch phone and love it, but my Moto Zine is still my favorite as I give it 5 stars! (This superb smart phone does not deserve the bad rating from other people).