This is a great smart phone.  It has the usual features of other smart phones (connection to the internet, voice over internet, dictionary, barcode reader, to name a few), but with one additional feature: free GPS (and I do mean free).  Nokia provides free maps of the entire world and voice guidance in over 100 languages and it is all free.  Once the maps are loaded on the phone (this can also be done free) there are no usage charges, no need to connect to a service, etc.  The phone came unlocked so I just slipped in my SIM card (some phone services like Sprint will not work) and off I went.  The phone interfaces seamlessly with both the MAC (see limitation below) and a Windows based PC.  The keyboard is easy to use.  I have used the built-in, trimmed down version of Microsoft Office suite (Word, Excel, and Powerpoint) and the Adobe Reader and they all work well.  The phone has the capability to interface to a bluetooth keyboard and printer as well as other bluetooth devices, but I haven't had a chance to try those yet.  There are many more features that I don't use, but they are there if I need them.The only reason this phone doesn't get 5 stars is because of Nokia's support.  When I received the phone it did not have the latest firmware installed or the latest map guidance system.  Nokia support was no help at all and after three solid days of trying to get help to fix my problem I came close to returning the phone.  Here is what happened.  I was unable to get the critical piece of Nokia software that would allow me to update the firmware to work on the MAC.  All their other MAC software that syncs data (calendar, contact list, iTunes, bookmarks, photos, videos, etc.) worked great, but not this one.  Next after trying unsuccessfully to use this critical piece of software on two versions of Windows (XP and VISTA) I was finally able to load the Nokia software on a Windows 7 operating system that allowed me to update my phone to the current version.  Using this computer I then downloaded the maps of the US but I will still need to use the PC software if I want to download maps of more countries.If you buy this phone you should also purchase a high speed 8gb microSD card with adaptor.  Otherwise you won't be able to store anything.Now that everything is woking well (no thanks to Nokia support) I am very happy with this phone and all its features - Nokia does have good technology.  This is my first GPS system and I have already been on a trip and it is fantastic.  It not only guided me flawlessly to my destination but showed me the local restaurants, shops, gas stations - you name it.  It also guided me on a hike in a very large arboretum and it even knew the names of the trails I was on.