As great as the concept of an affordable entry-level no-contract smartphone for $70 is, the Event is not worth its weight in plastic.I bought the phone as a gift for my 16-year old sister; it was her first smartphone, and it seemed like a decent choice. I myself had experience with Virgin Mobile (I've owned the HTC EVO V and the Samsung Galaxy S3 on Virgin Mobiles contracts), and figured that VM would be an excellent choice for her. Although I originally intended to buy her the HTC One V, I ended up buying her the Kyocera Event (as the One V and the similarly-priced LG Optimus Elite were both sold-out on VM and Amazon). I figured it would be a decent little entry-level phone.The Event, physically-speaking, is a decent little phone. Slightly smaller then your average phone, it features a decent-looking solid plastic body that fits comfortably in your hand. The plastic body is surprisingly solid, and the plastic screen is very responsive (despite the fact that it looks rather poor). The buttons are solid and don't seem to have an issues with sticking or jamming. As far as performance, the phone is slow compared to higher-tiered phones like the EVO, but thats not really a problem unless you want to game or surf the web on it. All in all, the Event is well built for a low-price smartphone.Software, however, is where the Event falls. Heck, it just plain fails. The Event runs a version of Android that has literally been perforated with Kyocera and third-party applications (you think Samsungs devices have a lot of bloatware? check this thing out. its practically "ad-supported"), and there are no way to get rid of them. The applications include a third-party "music" bar, an Eco mode, and some kind of program that tracks the processors performance. These applications are irritating and slow the phone down.The primary software issue with the Event comes in the phones start-up sequence; for some reason, at some point, the Event is prone to actually "losing" its own bootloader. The bootloader is the program that tells the phone how to start up. When the bootloader stops working, the phone gets stuck in a boot-loop, and will either endlessly restart itself over and over again, or will freeze on the red "Virgin Mobile" screen. This renders the phone entirely useless and nonresponsive, and the only way to turn the phone off when it freezes is to remove the battery pack. Upon replacing the battery, the phone will automatically restart and get stuck in the boot-loop once again. There is no fix for this error. It can be temporarily solved by doing a master reset of the phone, but after a full reset the phone will start boot-looping again at some point (usually within a few hours, I got my sisters to last a few days once).Unfortunately, Kyocera has not released any kind of fix for this bootloop problem, nor have they released an unlock for the bootloader to allow customers to attempt to fix the problem themselves. In addition, Virgin Mobile will NOT allow you to make use of the included product warranty that comes when you buy the phone; when you attempt to return the phone for repair or replacement, they will prompt you to pay for the next month of service on the phone (the $50 plan only) to "insure" that you plan to stay with them before they service the phone. This $50 is literally the price of just buying a new phone; in addition, the moment you pay the $50, your service plan begins ticking. Virgin will then ship you a box to return the phone (takes about a week). You can mail the phone back (another week), at which point it takes them 2-3 weeks to service the device. Thus, at this point, you will have spent and wasted $50 on a month of cell service you have not been able to use. In the event that the maintenance takes longer then a month to complete, Virgin Mobile will call you and inform you that you must renew your contract a second time for them to continue maintinance on your phone, otherwise they will not return your handset to you. So, you get stuck paying $50-$100 to have a $70 phone repaired/replaced, when it should have been entirely free. When I attempted to contract Virgin Mobile, I informed them that the warrenty included with the phone stated nothing about these service charges; they then told me that the warrenty was in violation of VMs terms of service. I asked why VM was in the habit of printing warranties that violated their own terms, and they hung up on me.So. Long story short, save yourself the money and buy a more expensive Virgin Mobile phone. The HTC One V and the HTC EVO V are both great phones (HTC phones are generally decent for the price, far better then dissapointing Kyocera handsets); Samsung models are also great options. Please don't take the risk and buy the Event hoping you won't get a boot-loop; of the 9 people I know who have owned the Event, 8 of their handsets have gotten stuck in a boot-loop, and all 8 have been unable to have the handsets fixed by Virgin Mobile due to the above problem. Avoid the Kyocera Rise and Echo as well; they run the same firmware as the Event, and are prone to the same problem.