They already seven months elsmartphone You Buy BlackBerry Bold 9700 Smartphone - 3G - WCDMA (UMTS ) / GSM - QWERTY - BlackBerry OS - black , And Truth met ALL my expectations ... The item was delivered on time established with the SPECIFICATIONS described by the seller . Even the moments you have not any inconvenience Works fine . I think it was a good buy and What was the economic cost .A Commentary 's sent him Battery installed and the time it took to get to my Country . Battery was burned and get the team did not work ... But the rest of the computer working properly on ANY type of inconvenience . As Tal said descriptions Same article came FULLY UNLOCKED Therefore any telephone line fits In My Country and raises 3G. has not any inconvenience ... Brought all accessories Charger, Battery , cd , manual, earphones , USB cable and a 2GB memory ... Create extra room for emails , messages, apps , multimedia files, documents and all the other important things that you want to take with you .... The phone arrived in excellent condition with no ... No News In my view , the article 100% recommended ... good seller and fast purchase was smooth ... the phone has been dropped several times and has not suffered any damage . although my daughter uses only 5 years too taking pictures, voice and video gravaciones and the phone has not been damaged . size has given no hangs , works well on screen motion sensor is intact despite the drops and bumps that has been ... is not a phone of this world, but to me it served me very well because I have a little girl and the phone is not so sensitive she can handle with no problem and I do not care that it can be easily damaged , so this computer fits my needs , the most important is to be connected with family, friends and coworkers , receive text msg , pin and emails and social networks also takes high quality photographs , videos . can be adapted to several emails . otherwise the battery takes up to 6 hours of talk time and 2 to 3 days . Access what's important with trackpad navigation based on how laptops are designed . Slide your finger over the trackpad to scroll through menus and icons. A slight press and click lets you select an item to navigate where you want to go. Enjoy music , videos , photos and documents in color and sound. Easily sync data and audio files from your desktop to the BlackBerry Bold 9700, and get up to 35 hours of music playback time . Enhance the 256 MB of flash memory by easily inserting a built-in microSD card. Create extra room for emails , messages, apps , multimedia files, documents and all the other important things that you want to take with you. Along with a 3.2 MP camera , the BlackBerry Bold 9700 smartphone features video camera functionality . Record videos and view high-res screen , and share them through email, text messages or social networking sites . High-speed 3G network connectivity lets you browse the web or view attachments faster email, while Wi -Fi support enables your BlackBerry Bold 9700 smartphone to access available hotspots