In this age where Bluetooth, WiFi, touchscreen, mp3/video players, FM radio, GPS navigation, PDAs, memory expansion slots, voice recognition, web browsers, digital cameras, polyphonic ringtones, etc. are being incorporated into mobile phones, the LG 300 is a severely stripped-down phone that doesn't have ANY of the aforementioned features. It's just a bare-bones, no-frills phone that's reminiscent of the mobile phones in the 90's. Not surprisingly, then, the LG 300 is nothing to write home about.But I will say this -- the LG 300 is sleek and one of the most compact and lightweight mobile phones I've seen. The battery life on standby time is about 4 days. I can't speak to its battery life on talk time because I've never had a long enough phone conversation to determine it. It uses a lithium ion battery so there won't be a problem with "memory effect."If you need a basic cell phone for making an occasional call or for emergencies, this compact phone is a good deal and Net10 is a good service to go with:Free Phone----------For starters, for 30 bucks you get this phone PLUS 300 minutes. Since Net10 sells add-on 300 minutes in airtime for 30 bucks, you're in effect getting this phone for free.Cheap Rates-----------At 10 cents per minute for local or long distance calls, the Net10 phone service is simply the best deal. Text messages cost only 5 cents to send or receive.No Hidden Charges-----------------No wireless contracts or penalties for early cancellation. No roaming charges. 10 cents per minutes, plain and simple.Rollover minutes----------------If you buy more minutes before your old minutes expire, your old minutes will roll over and expire the same time as your new minutes. Minutes will keep rolling over for as long as add more minutes before your current minutes expire.The airtime available for purchase come in 150, 300, and 180 minutes:cost in dollars/airtime in minutes/expiration in days15/150/3030/300/60180/1800/603 Convenient Ways To Add Minutes--------------------------------You can add minutes by:1) buying Net10 phone cards2) buying airtime through the Net10 Website3) buying airtime directly from the LG 300 phone.To buy airtime directly from the phone, you are required to set up a PIN at the Net10 Website. You will be asked for this PIN whenever you add airtime through your phone.Decent Coverage---------------Net10 reportedly uses both AT&T; (formerly Cingular) and T-Mobile networks. Most of the time, I have no problems with coverage in my area, although I do get dropped calls every now and then.Customer Service----------------Net10 could definitely use some work on their customer service. I had to call customer service on at least a couple of occasions for (1) minutes failing to appear on my phone after I've purchased airtime and (2) problem transferring my phone number from an old phone to a new phone. It took about half an hour for them to credit me for my minutes and almost an hour to get my number transferred to my new phone. Part of the problem is _communication_ with the operators. It was a little frustrating getting them to *listen* and *understand* the issues I was trying to explain to them. But I will say that at the very least their operators are courteous.If you can get past their customer service - well - Net10 offers very competitive rates. Hopefully you won't have to deal with their tech support, ever. Many of the support you need is automated on the Web. Things like transferring your old number to a new phone can now be done yourself through their Website.Conclusion----------The Net 10 service offers the best prepaid rates bar none. If you need a cell phone for making an occasional call or for emergencies, the Net 10 phones will fit the bill perfectly.