After looking at all reviews on Amazon, I decided to go for this phone in spite of being an avid fan of Samsung. Problems started right from day 1. Signal inside my apartment was way too less, and I would have to sit at one place while talking for fear of the call dropping. Still, the phone would be inconsiderate and would drop one out of two calls. My friends who have Cingular come to my apartment, and they get pretty strong signal everywhere!!! Alright... move over to my work place. Wow!! Full strength signal!!. I make a call, and this drops as well... And the display promptly shows 'No network', and then after 2 minutes shows me full strength signal. Ah! I should not forget to mention this. At the underground garage, there is no signal whatsoever. But, once you reach ground level, our hero is still sleeping. He decides that it is time to search for signal after 2-3 minutes. This is the first time that I have seen a phone that freezes/hangs. I would make a call, but I would never be able to terminate it. At times, it would show me 'Calling so-and-so' for 2-3 minutes, but the next step of call setup never seems to happen. I went to a Cingular store, where this knowledgeable representative gives me an engineering solution of restarting the phone, but the caveat being that I should take out the battery while the phone was switched on. As expected, there was no improvement. But, after this, the frequency with which the phone would restart on its own went up. I had my own doubts if my phone was haunted. This apart, in terms of plain usability, this phone is sloppy. I could not find out how to change the ring tone without referring the manual. The menu loads soooo slow that you begin wondering if you went back to stone age. Pressing the green button that you normally press to make a call displays the outgoing calls that you made. But, if you want to see received calls and missed calls, go get some exercise by going through three levels of menu. I called up the Warranty Department of Cingular and arranged to have them get me a replacement. The pathetic part about that is that I would get the same product again. Oh God!!! 1.5 years more for my contract to get over :-( Go get the Samsung D807 and be happy.Following up on my earlier review in which I was hoping that something was wrong with the particular instrument that I was having...  I received yet another Nokia 6682 as a replacement. I was hoping to see a 'Nokia' performance in this one at least. But, it turns out that this level of genius is inbuilt into the phone. Basically, if you do not want your friends to call you up often and disturb you, do carry this phone. Because, the calls never reach you! Your friends would start to complain that you are not picking up their calls, ignoring them, and eventually give up!! The best part is when you would not even see your phone alerting you when there is a call. The silent killer!!  This phone has a lot of jazz with its super-fast mode of operation. Press any button, and wait up to 5 seconds for it to respond. Incredible 21st century technology, huh? But still, other reviewers seem to be amazing. They are thrilled in having a Adobe reader, a voice recorder, a browser, etc. Who cares if you can make a call? Try making one, and your call would drop at least twice for sure. And, if you have a friend who has a pathetic Samsung D807 next to you, he would just go on talking. Poor guy... he does not have a Adobe reader though... what good is that phone?? Oh!! and, did I tell you about the state-of-the-art technology in this phone that shuts down the phone when it hangs, so you just have to power it up rather than power it down and then power it up. That is energy conservation for you. All through the last week, my Nokia 6682 switched off by itself on 5 different occasions.  Given the need for all this high-tech jazz and the ability to make a call, you could carry a laptop and a nice phone. or, you could carry a Nokia 6682 and a phone... the Nokia would be your 1MB-RAM laptop.