I was a little apprehensive buying this phone but i couldn't be happier... with the phone.  Getting it up and running was a challenge.  I ordered an ATT compatible SIM from Straight Talk and ported my Virgin number.  Now, for any Virgin customers thinking of switching, Virgin does not make the process very easy.  You HAVE to call customer support for your actual account number.  It's not available on the site or anywhere else.  When you call, you'll be greeted by an automated recording that doesn't give you an option to speak to a real person.  Just say "operator" when it pauses for an answer.  (took me ten minutes and several replays of options to figure that out)  I was transfered to an operator that asked several questions to verify my identity then informed me that she couldn't access my account number and I'd have to "hold the line" while she transfered me to someone else.  I was on hold for forty eight minutes..  The next guy went through the exact same process then said it would take a few minutes for my account number to come up.  In the mean time, he tries to tell me I don't need my account number to port to another service.  "It should work with just your phone number", he says.  I waited an hour, I was getting the account number.  Finally, he comes back on with an odd series of letters, preceded by a single number.  I don't know if just the phone number would've worked but I'm certain the account number did.  Straight Talk warns you it could take up to two days.  Mine took about ten hours then was good to go.  Be sure to set your APN settings per Straight Talk's instructions.  (more on this in a minute)Back to the device itself..  I am continually impressed with this phone.  Now, I'm not a gadget guy so I won't pretend to know anything about anything but I will give you my opinions.  This thing is lightning fast.  WiFi or data, apps download in a heartbeat.  Web pages load in a blink.  Reception is great with ATT sim in my area.  Call clarity and volume is excellent.  The screen is huge and bright with beautiful colors and great resolution.  Mine came with a flip cover that I really like a lot and seems like it will hold up well.  The screen protector is pretty cheap but serves it's purpose until I can get a quality replacement.  The batteries both seem to hold a charge well.  They easily get me through a day with average text/talk/app use.  Overall, I'm very pleased with my purchase and would recommend to anyone looking for a great phone for a great price.Just a couple negatives.. One: I haven't been able to receive picture messages, though this seems to be a service issue, not a hardware issue.  A quick search of Straight Talk's forum returns hundreds of hits for MMS send/receive problems.  I double and triple checked the APN settings and still they won't download.  I'm still waiting on an answer from Straight Talk customer service and I'll update once I get one.  Two: cases are proving difficult to find.  The headphone port, rear speaker and volume buttons are on the opposite side from the Samsung and the sizes are a little different, so SIII cases won't fit without some modifications.  If I happen upon any, I'll update then also.