READ THIS BEFORE BUYING ANYTHING FROM THIS COMPANY (NEW GENERATION PRODUCTS LLC)  Below is correspondence between myself (customer) and this seller (NGP)  This Company literally told me in the following e-mails, to NOT trust the product description they provided, and that IT IS MY DUTY AS THE CUSTOMER TO VERIFY IN THE FIRST 30 DAYS THAT WE'RE NOT FRAUDING YOU!------------- Begin message -------------Hello Thomas,You bring good point, and I would gladly give you full refund or exchange for new one with hassle free exchange/refund 100% guranteed, however you need to contact us in the first 30 days after you got the item delivered to you, that is the policy with amazon.com. Mistakes happen sometimes and it may be a technician by mistake put used, previously owned unit in the spot where new one should be. This needs to be resolved in first 30 days even if it is our fault, that is why there is 30 days policy, plenty of time to find out what condition item came in, new or used, dont you agree? As far as I know, without investigation those units were Brand New and we have confirmation for Motorola or Amazon, if unit's software was updated or reinstalled that does not make unit used, and I have seen that happen, because some phones that we buy are coming from Motorola of Hong Kong or London, UK. Motorola may not cover it, but it does not make unit used! Also, as far as I know there is no policy on all items being sold having 1 year warranty with Motorola Manufactory unless you buy from channels such as T-Mobile or AT&T;, Verizon or Sprint, so assuming it will have warranty based on a reason it does not say in the listing "No Warranty" is really just an assumption. We only gurantee what listing offers + 30 days amazon warranty, since we do match amazon warranty.Thank you!-TanyaNGP Team--- Original message ---Dear NGP team,  1, Feb, 2013  There seems to be some confusion as to what the issues may be, soI'll gladly tell you the information that was shared with me. After muchtime on the phone with Motorola USA, Motorola Hong Kong, and Amazon.com:  (1) On a recorded conference call with Motorola, Amazon.com, andmyself: Motorola clearly stated that this phone, although marketed as"Brand new", has actually been altered (software) before it's sale to you.Thus, it is no longer considered "Brand new" and will NOT be covered underwarranty.  See, your company sold me a phone that was advertised as a "NEW,Motorola RAZR MAXX," Simple math work would lead me to believe that yourcompany sold me a product under false pretenses, AKA: FALSE ADVERTISING.  (2) Your company WITHHELD VITAL product information that influencesthe decision making process of purchasing this product from you. Whenpurchasing products of this nature and expense, that are marketed as "NEW,"a Manufacturer's warranty is implied unless otherwise disclosed by theseller. NGP did NOT disclose any such information.* A factory Warranty is considered part of the product, unless otherwisestated by you, the seller.  The fact you defend yourself on the basis of OMMITING the fact that thevery expensive products you're marketing as "NEW," don't have warranties isnothing short of disgusting business habits. I'm not too sure Amazon.comwould want to be affiliated with your business practices either. Well, ifthey want to lose customers they'll continue business with you.  Looking forward to resolve,  Thomas P.