I've had this phone for about a week now and am pretty impressed with it's features. Nokia makes a solid phone and the 6682 is definitly top of their list. It's at a great price now and will be a great phone for people as they wait for the Nokia N91 due out next year.Pros:1. Size, screen and keys. I had a 3650 before, and this phone is about an inch shorter and a bit thinner. That being said it's still bigger than most phones out today. The keys are solid and have a great feel to them and are slightly "tilted" so that they can be felt easily. The screen is amazing! Very bright and smart to boot. It has a light sensor that adjusts the screen and key lighting to be best viewed in your surroundings (great for extending battery life as well).2. I have always liked the 'poor' quality pictures from my 3650. They have a nice 'polariod' feel to them. This phone has a great camera. 1.3 megapixels may be a bit much for a phone, but i'm sure folks will be wondering how they got along without it after a while. The camera also has a flash, which i find isn't very useful past a few feet (but hey, it's a nice feature for a phone). Lastly, the camera has a 6x digital zoom on it which works very well and has been something lacking in picture phones for a while now. bravo!3. Software. The apps installed on this phone definitly set it up as a smart phone. You can view and edit (edit for a fee) most office documents and pdf files (same software as on the treo 650). There are also several other apps that might make people's lives easier, but I find that just having the solid Series 60 Symbian software does it for me. The OS is very solid and provides lots of usable features like Contact management which allows several numbers to be assigned to the same person (motorola doesn't do this).4. PIM software is great. A new 'today' screen has been added called 'active standby' which shows your meetings, todos and any messages you have received.5. The speakerphone and noise cancelling microphones are excellent! I can use this phone in most places and people can hear me loud and clear.6. Removable media slot. Finally! The OS even shuts down apps that use the card so you don't loose any information. Brilliant!Cons:1. RC-MMC card. I'm sure this was chosen because of space limitations, but it would have been nice not to have to buy new storage cards for just this phone. Also, i've read several reports of bad conflicts with upgrading this card to a larger size. It comes with 64Mb, but you really want 512Mb for this phone.2. Headphone jack. There isn't one. You have to use the supplied headphones from Nokia. They are good headphones, but not having the mini-jack prevents users from enjoying the MP3 capabilities on their favorite headphones.3. This phone trumps the Motorola ROKR in all ways except that it doesn't resume the music after you hang up a call (it stops it when the phone rings though). Hopefully Nokia fixes this in a future software release.4. Should have had a simple USB connection