I'm not sure what these last few negative reports are about!  It's weird that they all come one right after the other.  If I was a suspicious type...but I'm not.  Maybe there was a bad manufacturing run, or some people just had real bad luck, but my experience has been excellent.  As long as I'm on the subject of negative reviews - I've got tons of third party software loaded and this treo is more stable than the Windows XP desktop that I'm typing this review on.  It does crash, but, very, very infrequently.In fact, this has been the best piece of electronic equipment I have ever owned.  I've had it since the month it was released, and I'm still using it all day, every day, even up to now.I've used it with two different carriers - first Cingular and then T-Mobile.  It has had excellent reception, (better than my wife's Nokia), from both carriers.And it is pretty rugged.  I've dropped it: 5 or 6 times - on concrete at least twice.  It's chipped up, but still works the same as the day I bought it.I bought a 1 gig SD Card, and I carry around a lot of music.  So much that I never use my iPod anymore.  I also joined [...]and I have room for one or two spoken-word books too.On the large internal memory I have eBooks, games, business applications, docs, spreadsheets, a video player, more games, and did I mention games?The phone and PIM functions are smoothly integrated and email is a breeze.My company gave me a RIM BlackBerry 7510 phone + email device.  It is absolutly primitive compared to the Treo 600.The Treo's screen is super bright, easily visible even in bright sunlight.  I love the fact that I have a keybord on the phone even if I don't use it all the time.  I installed a thirdparty application that lets me write Graffiti style right on the touch sensitive display.The fact that it is a Palm device means it is as configurable as you want it to be.  There are tens of thousands of software applications and upgrades available.So, in summary, in one pocket I carry a great phone, a fine chess partner, a calendar, my contact lists, a memo/note pad, an ebook-reader and half a dozen ebooks, an Audible player and a couple of audio books, an MP3 player and a bunch of songs, a fantasy role playing game, a backgammon game, poker and a solitaire card games, an MS Word doc reader, the "Bejeweled" game, a midi music sequencer, an email application, a world alarm clock/timer, a space conquest game, an investment calculator, and 10 or so more things (mostly games).I LOVE this phone. And it is unlocked, so I was able to change carriers with no hassel - if you've done this recently you will appreciate that this is no small thing.So, you may be wondering, "is this guy just going to gush?  Isn't there anything you don't like about the phone?"Well yes, in fact, the camera sucks. It is better than nothing and I have had occasion to use it a few times, but it is low resolution, somewhat distorting and useless in anything but well lit situations.I'd still say it was the best, most useful piece of electronics I'd ever owned, even if there were no camera.