I would have to say this is easily the best phone I have ever owned.  My last phone was a RAZR that I bought when they first came out.  That phone was alright, but I really felt it was lacking features for the price I paid.The time came to upgrade and I decided I wanted a phone that had more features than my falling apart RAZR had.  The decision came down to the 8525 or the Blackjack.I chose the Blackjack.  The 8525 was out of my league for price.  After dumping $500 on my RAZR, I promised myself that I would never do it again.A warning to all!  If you have large fingers or have a tendency to fat finger things, you may want a different phone!  Definitely try before you buy if you fit this category.You will get the most ouf of this phone if you are technically savy.  If you aren't this won't exactly be a bad phone, but the potential of it will be limited compared to those that know how to "hook it up."  I would suggest that if you aren't highly skilled with technology that you find someone with a Blackjack or Motorola Q that knows how to "hook up" their phone.  They can probably help you out a lot.Let me start off with my complaints.The directional pad in the middle takes some skill to use.  I have gotten better with it, but let me describe the initial frustration.  The way the buttons are laid out around the directional pad cause problems.  When clicking to the right I had a heck of a time keeping my thumb from pushing one of the button towards the upper right (labelled "...").  That button closes what ever you are doing in most cases.  I might be scrolling around a web page, touch the right side and BAM!! I am sitting at my homescreen again.  Then I have to go back into my start menu and open Internet Explorer again... and be much more careful the next time!  .To help those of you out there that may have a similar experience...  I have found the best way to use the central directional pad is to place your thumb over the OK button.  Tilt your thumb in the direction you want until the pad is depressed.  Avoid the natural instinct of pressing the center of your thumb on the side of the pad you want to.  Once you master this, only seldomly will you have trouble with closing apps.The only other complaint I have is the battery life as many have described before me.  The 3G network is taxing on your battery.  You can switch networks to significantly increase battery life.  I know you want 3G!  We all do!  What if switching between networks was simple?  It can be!  Do not fret, all will be disclosed!What you want to do is open up Activesync with you Blackjack plugged in.  Click the "Explore" button.  Double click the little PDA picture titled "My Windows-Mobile Based Device".  Open the Windows directory.  Find the bandsel.exe file.  Right click the file and create a shortcut.  This will likely place the shortcut at the very bottom of the file list.  Scroll down and find it.  Rename the shortcut to "Band Selector" or something to your liking.  Cut the shortcut and then paste it into "\Windows\Start Menu\Applications".You have now created an item in your applications section (under the start menu) that will allow you to change from 3G network to the Edge network or vice versa.  Note: If the shortcut does not appear right away, shut your phone off and turn it back on.What!?!?  What did you say?!?!  You want to be able to switch networks easier?!?!?  OK!!  Now that we have a shortcut we can add it to speed dial.  Simply go into your Start Menu and choose Applications.  You should see the "Band Selector" icon you made in there.  Highlight it, and then click the right "..." button on your phone.  Select "Add Speed Dial".  Personally I chose 88 for my speed dial.  To access 88 for instance, just press 8 once then press and hold 8.  The network selection menu will appear!  Choose any speed dial you desire!Might I make another wonderful suggestion when you get this phone... Treat yourself to the program called Facade!  It is a marvelous program that will add a top notch Homescreen to your phone.If you get Facade, follow the directions to install it.  Then go to Start --> Settings --> Display --> Homescreen --> Click OK, and select Facade Wide!Find some screenshots or whatever, but it is the best Homescreen I have tried and I have tried many.The keyboard is a great feature.  There is no faster way to pump out text messages than with a full keyboard.  The keys are small and close together so it does take a little practice to perfect its use.  Hang in there!  You WILL get better at using it.Cingular Xpress mail is slick!  What can I say?!!?  You basically install a piece of software on your desktop computer that will slingshot incoming mail to your cellphone.  Corporate email from virtually anywhere with internet access is feasible.Get yourself Google Maps!  The newest Google Maps application runs great on this phone!If you don't have a Gmail account, now is the time to get one.  This phone will interface extremely well with Gmail using POP3 settings.  I would suggest doing a google search for "blackjack gmail recent:username".  This will reveal some webpages that will assist in setting this up.Once you hookup your phone, it is great!  I love it!  Whoo hoo!!