I've recently gotten the HTC One V as a replacement for my last phone, the Motorola Triumph. Although the Triumph and the One V are in the same price range, they are nowhere near the same device. The Triumph has a few things the One V doesn't, for example, a front facing camera,an .3 inch larger screen, and an HDMI slot. In most other areas, the HTC One V is victorious. Motorola phones are a strange breed. There are some excellent Motorola phones out their, like the Droid Razr Maxx. But there are also a ton of sub par phones out there. The problem is, Motorola just makes far too many phones. The Motorola Triumph is one of the victims of this model. By comparison, the HTC One V is available from multiple carriers, and is not just a model that was put out there to be the "Virgin Mobile model". From a design standpoint, these phones are largely different. The Motorola Triumph isn't far from looking like a brick. It's very square, and isn't exactly ugly, but it's one of the more plain looking phones out there. The HTC One V, however, is a beautiful, fairly thin phone. It's the same with as an iPod touch, although about twice as thick, and the screen is closer to a 16:9 ratio, just like the newly released iPhone 5. And like the iPhone 5, the HTC One V is a unibody design, except for the small part at the bottom that can be opened and a Mini-SD card can be inserted. Compare that to the Motorola Triumph. I've had two of them, and on both of them, the pesky battery door kept falling off the back. In fact, one time the door fell off and I ended up losing my Micro SD card. The operating system on the Motorola Triumph is 2.2 Froyo, where-as the operating system on the One V is 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich. In those 2 generations of updates, there are quite a bit of differences between these 2 phone operating systems. The reason the Triumph never got updated past 2.2 is presumably because Motorola doesn't see it worth their time to port the newer updates to this phone. I've mentioned earlier that the display on the Triumph is bigger. This is true, but I did notice that on the One V, the colors are more vibrant. The color red, especially, pops right off the screen. The rear camera on the Triumph is not very good. While the one on the One V isn't the greatest either, it's definitely quite better. And the included shutter and aperture settings make it possible to get a pretty good picture in low light even without using the flash. This is a good thing to hear for video, wherein the flash wouldn't be of use anyway. I did notice that the Motorola Triumph had superb audio quality in the voice recording department. I was quite surprised that I could get such great sound out of my phone. And when I tried my One V's voice recording feature, it didn't quite stack up. At least not at first. I realized after a bit that the One V has a more sensitive microphone, which causes it to over-modulate very easily. Because of this, I found that the best way to record sound on this phone is to hold the phone at least 2 feet away from your face. HTC Sense is included in all HTC Android phones. Personally I have found it marginally useful, something I could take or leave. The audio on the Triumph is fairly good to begin with, but the Beats Audio Technology exclusive to HTC phones is amazing. The HTC One V is available from US Cellular, Virgin Mobile, and Cricket. The Motorola Triumph is exclusive to Virgin Mobile.