I hate giving this phablet a one star rating because it would be phabulous if it worked in the USA.  I have ATT and it would not allow me to log into my gmai/google account to enjoy it and all it's options.  I went through three customer service people at ATT and they all said the same thing.  It's because it's an international phone and being unlocked ensures nothing.  I also wrote LG to see what I can do and I'm posting their response so you know I'm telling the truth.------Reply to Your Inquiry-------Dear Ana,Thank you for contacting LG Electronics. I am delighted to hear from you as our valued customer, I do apologize for any inconvenience you may have experienced and I will be glad to help you out here.If you purchased a phone meant for an international market, that might give you issues when trying to use it in the United States since the networks differ to international models. You might need to contact the place of purchase because international phone models do not have a warranty in the US either since we do not have software and parts for those models. I am including a manual for the US version but since the phone is new, we don't have detailed instruction manuals just yet.If you ever have any other questions, doubts or concerns at all, please do not hesitate to contact us again either via email, or by calling our customer service division at 800-243-0000 at your convenience.Gustavo T.E-mail AdministratorCustomer Interactive CenterLGEAIThis communication is confidential, intended only for the named recipient(s) above, and may contain trade secrets or other information that is exempt from disclosure under applicable law. Any use, dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication by anyone other than the named recipient(s) is strictly prohibited. Thank you.Reply Options:Reply by Live ChatClick here to chat live with LG Customer Service(Weekdays, 8am-8pm CST)Reply by email-----------Original Customer Inquiry------------Received Date : 05/11/2013 01:26 33The type of inquiry : Manuals & DocumentsProduct/Model No. : Smart Phone/Emerging Device/E970Hi. I just received my unlocked white version of the LG optimus g pro today. It came with a Korean instruction manual so I was hoping to obtain one from your company via USPS, in English. The second thing I need is help on getting the phone to identify my google/gmail account. I have put in the correct email address for it and changed the password several times and the phone will not accept it. This keeps me from being able to use the internet and download apps and music. No point on having the phone if I am unable to do that. Is it just an update problem. I went to ATT and the personnel there said it's because it's an unlocked phone and said he could not help me. I've gone through every item in the settings and phone updates are the last thing I'll be doing. I just started to download the new soft version. I think it's the 4.2, not sure because it just shows an arrow now. I'm hoping the updates will take care of the problem. If not, what do you suggest?Why did I buy the international phone? I bought it so I could have the white one.  Now I have to hope for a refund and I guess be happy with the black one and a pink cover.UPDATE: Don't ask me how I did it, but I finally got the thing to work.  I went to the Google website and read from page to page and then to a couple of companies that UNLOCK phones (they were ZERO help...sorry, we can't help you with your problem) but the suggestion to go to the Google site did come from one of these companies and after reading for what seemed like forever, I went through the how to's for your Android device.  It was like PRESTO!  I couldn't believe it unless it needed to be registered first?  I did that yesterday but whatever happened it worked.  It still has a bunch of Korean pages on it but I can live with that because I downloaded a slew of apps.  I will say I love the phone thus far except for one thing at the moment and that is, it limits you to 80 characters (or 40) but think it's 80 on text messages or it won't send so you have to split them up to send.  I think that's stupid.  My old Atrix let me text as long as needed and just made them more then one text on the recipients part. And while I like the phone, I wouldn't call it badass!  That was a very uninformative review.