Got this phone for 90-yr grandmother who has forgotten how to use a regular cell phone.  I have programmed numbers into it (took a while since there aren't any number keys), and used it for several days with my own sim card just to see how it works.  The ringer volume can really be cranked up.  Ringer songs sound like kiddie songs---the upside is that they sound pleasant.  Overall call sound is great for this little phone.  During one conversation both myself and the person I was talking with heard a slight echo, but it was only one time.  I stopped using it after a few days because I was missing my own phone with its convenient bluetooth headset.  (Also, I charged it the first day, and then didn't charge it for 4 days.  I kept it on all the time and used it as my phone.  It was down to one battery 'bar' on the 4th day.)**The best part about this phone is that I got an unlocked version and it works perfectly with my TMobile family plan.  I wasn't crazy about paying for the special/limited service offered by other companies.  The Firefly phone uses GSM service, so any company that can use those phones will work.  TMobile is one of those.The phone size is tiny.  TINY.  The up-side is that I got a lanyard for the phone and my grandmother can wear it around her neck.  With her declining health and increasingly limited mobility, we were getting concerned about her ability to get to her 'land line' phone or the pull-cords that are strategically placed in the bathroom & bedroom (what if she's not near them when she falls/has an emergency situation).  And having to cross even the living room to make/answer a call is an ordeal.  Now having this little phone around her neck will be more convenient and give us & her peace of mind.There is a silly 'light show' button between the volume buttons.  I thought it would just confuse her if she hit it.  After removing the phone's casing, the button was really easy to cut off--problem solved.  Also, the case has lots of 'free space' that I will be decorating with little labels to help her remember what the keys are for.I was worried about the possibility of her accidentally calling 9-1-1.  You have to hold the emergency button (which doesn't stick out as much as the volume keys---it's almost flush with the sides), then push the 'send' button for the 9-1-1 call to ever be completed.I wasn't crazy about the 'Mom' and 'Dad' keys (poor planning on Firefly's part), and they were easy to rename in the menu, as well as having plenty of room below the keys to affix labels.My only complaint is that the screen is too small.  It does light up (as do the keys--very bright too), but it could be larger.  I got a small credit-card sized magnifying plastic card that is now also hanging from the lanyard.  Hopefully she'll use it as needed with the screen and any other uses she might have...Now that I have programmed, disfigured, and completely covered this phone in labels, I am sending it to her this week.  I will update my review after I see how she does with it.Hope this helps others who have an elderly friend/family member.  There really aren't many options out there for that population.  ;)