After going through several Samsung, Nokia and HTC phones and managing to break almost every single one of them, I decided to shake things up a bit and buy the sleek, attractive Sony Xperia S.Pros:- Ease of use. I bought this phone unlocked and it was incredibly easy to set up with AT&T.; I just brought it into one of the stores and they set everything up at no charge. Beware that the SIM card required is a micro-SIM card, so you will need to get this changed out if you're going to use AT&T.; I've heard that they sometimes charge, but they didn't charge me anything when I went in. The nice lady at the store also warned me that the internet sometimes doesn't work with unlocked phones, but this one works just fine.-Battery life. This phone has the longest battery life of any smartphone I've ever used. I expected it to be around 70% at least by the end of the day, but my charge never dropped below 85%. Of course I use the power saver feature to dim the backlighting and an app killer to keep the running programs down, but with just those two things I was able to preserve my battery for at least two days before I needed to charge it. And that's including dozens of text messages, some light Wi-Fi use and feature-browsing. It also charges very quickly.-Attractive. I love the clear illuminated bar on the bottom. I have gotten several comments on how nice and different this phone looks. The display screen is bright, colorful and most importantly, shatter-resistant. Of course I bought a screen protector as soon as I could because I'm klutz. Also, the Android OS WILL automatically upgrade when you turn on either the data internet or Wi-Fi. It updated just fine for me and I have all of the apps and games I want on it.-Customizability. There are tons of settings and options on this phone to customize just about everything to your liking.Now onto the Cons...-Sound. I found that the speakerphone is too quiet. When I'm in my car, I have to plug it into my iPod jack so that I can hear it over the car stereo because it's too quiet otherwise. Music and sounds play loud enough to shake the phone, but for some reason the speakerphone is weak.-Back, Home & Menu buttons. After a few months of owning this phone the buttons have gotten difficult to press. Sometimes they don't respond at all. You don't have to push them hard to get them to work, but you have to find the "sweet spot". Other times you can just hover over them without even touching them and it counts as a key press.-Swipe function when texting. Maybe there's a workaround for this, but I haven't found it yet without having to disable the swipe function completely. When you swipe and go to choose the word, sometimes the cursor will be over the word you want to choose. Like, totally blocks the word so you move the cursor all over but can't actually choose the word. I have to backspace the whole word and retype it letter by letter. It's EXTREMELY annoying for someone who texts a lot, and it makes me want to type everything letter by letter, which I find incredibly difficult on this phone. The keyboard is really tiny for me, even though I have small hands, and I end up fudging almost every other word up.Overall I would rate this a 4 out of 5. The more annoying aspects can be ignored for the rest of the excellent features this phone has. I would definitely recommend it to someone who wants something different.