I got my first Nokia 6102 in October 2005. I got my second Nokia 6102 in March 2006. It is now April 2006 and I'm looking for a replacement. Here's how the story goes:When I first got this model, I really liked it a lot. I had no complaints whatsoever except that later wished it had Bluetooth capabilities. That is no biggy for me since I'm not one to carry around a cell phone every where I go. It stays in my car when I'm at home and it usually stays on my desk at work. If I'm out of the office for a few minutes, I'll bring it along with me. Cell phones are nice to have, but..... I'm getting off track with my story.Like I said, I really liked the phone. Occasionally, I'll use Yahoo Instant Messenger at work to communicate with a couple of others while in meetings. For five months, my daily routine of using this phone worked flawless. The suddenly one day, it reset itself when I was attempting to access Messenger. I lost some settings and the "G" vanished from my main screen. Normally, when I used Messenger, it would time-out after a few minutes and the phone would switch back to the main screen. I would get a pop-up if a message was received, and I could go back into Messenger and be connected.After this reset occurred, if Messenger times-out and goes back to the main screen, my connection is lost. After the error, when I attempt to connect to Messenger or the Internet, it asks me if I want to allow network access.Anyhow, after going through three layers of Cingular support, they first decided that there was nothing they could do and gave me the impression that they wanted to end the conversation. I eventually had to get a little ugly by telling them the problem is your problem; either the phone you gave me, or your network, and I want it fixed. They sent me a new phone overnight.The new phone worked flawless for almost two weeks. One day, I was in Messenger and decided I needed to exit out and place my ringer on silent, so I did. When I attempted to call up Messenger again (it runs in the background), I get this Java error and some error codes. Then the phone resets itself. Lo and behold, I back with the very same problems I had with the first phone.As I'm writing this, I have an email out to Nokia looking for a suggestion. I like the phone and I don't see any other current Cingular compatible models which I think I would like any better. If Nokia doesn't have a clue, I'll have to call Cingular for another replacement, and I may go with a different make and model.For this to happen twice, I'm beginning to think this may be a software bug. Anyhow, if you don't plan on using the Yahoo Messenger application which comes with the phone, you should be very satisfied with this phone.