PROS:1.) Call quality is rather good.2.) QWERTY keyboard.3.) The phone can handle a 16GB card, which is 4X what prepaid phones in this price range are usually built to handle.CONS:1.) I NEVER would have bought this phone if I had known that finding headphones for it would be EXTREMELY difficult (I still haven't managed to do it), if not impossible, to obtain. The headphone jack is entirely proprietary and nothing like it is sold in any store near me. Whatever the super-secret handshake and code necessary to get headphones so that I can listen to MP3s, I'm certainly not privy to either.2.) The battery life is below average for this type of phone. I have to charge mine every other day at a minimum.3.) The QWERTY buttons are stiff and shaped as if the manufacturer wanted to cause you pain. After a few messages texting becomes rather uncomfortable.4.) The menus are as counter-instinctual as can be. Finding certain functions, such as your call log (one of many examples) is like being on a scavenger hunt - so if by chance you luck out and find what you're looking for, by all means remember how you did it.5.) Storage space for texts is low. If you consistently text with more than one or two people, you'll have to delete entire threads just to make room for incoming or outgoing messages.6.) Low camera quality for a phone this size.7.) The screen goes dark way too quickly. You'll spend almost as much time unlocking the screen saver as you will texting on it.SUMMARY:If good call quality is enough for you, then the phone is barely worth the price. In every other aspect of why I wanted this phone, it failed to meet my expectations in the most overwhelming way possible. I give it two stars because the call quality really is rather good, but only two stars because I hate EVERYTHING else about this phone. It's so bad that I actually took out my SIM and put it back into my Samsung A107, which is currently the cheapest, most no-frills phone on the market (should you be interested, I have reviewed that phone as well). True, the A107 doesn't allow me to listen to songs, but it's not as if I can with the Pantech either. Further, the A107's predictive texting on non-punitive buttons is so much faster and more comfortable than the Pantech's tiny and stiff speed bump buttons that even if someone finds me a set of headphones for the Pantech I probably wouldn't give it another try anyway. I truly hate the Pantech P7040, so much so that I wouldn't recommend it to anyone - you can get comparable call quality for half the price almost anywhere else.Save your money for something good, rather than having a $50 phone collect dust because it annoys you so much more than a $9.99 phone with no games, songs or camera. The only thing that's kept me from giving it away for free is that every AT&T; customer I know already has a better phone. I can't stress enough how much I hate this phone and how fervently you should avoid it.