I wanted a new Android photo with a larger screen AND a keyboard, to replace the smaller Sony Xperia MiniPro that I had been using. Needless to say, there aren't many newer version Android GSM smartphone models that also come with a full hardware QWERTY keyboard. But after doing a lot of research and specs and review reading, I settled on this AT&T; version of the Samsung Captivate Glide from Wireless Experts, sold as "like new" for about $140.I've now been using the phone for a couple months, and I really like the phone both in its operation and hardware. One of the first things I did, and an important reason for choosing it, was that an OS upgrade from Samsung to Ice Cream Sandwich was already available at the time of my purchase, so I knew I wasn't going to be left behind with a decent, but increasingly out of date Gingerbread phone or left wondering when/if the manufacturer would release an update.Overall, what's not to like about this phone: dual core processor, great and responsive and good sized screen (4 in Super AMOLED 16M colors), good 8 MP camera with flash and autofocus, microUSB charging, microSD slot for additional storage beyond the phone's built in 8 GB, sufficient RAM at 1 GB, N wifi, HSDPA+ 3G data speeds up to 21 Mbps, stereo Bluetooth, dual front and rear cameras for video calls/conferencing, full support for Flash video, and a removable battery.In reading some review comments, some people had problems with a) getting a Rogers phone from Canada that had locking problems and b) short battery life times. The phone I purchased was/is clearly an AT&T; phone with the AT&T; logo on the front, so no problem there. As for battery times, mine lasts a full day with my regular light use, a few phone calls, a little checking email, some web browsing, and wifi on all day at home or work. But I also carry an add-on microUSB plug-in battery pack just in case I ever need some extra juice.The only negative thing I have to say about this phone is the keyboard... Yikes!!! What was Samsung thinking? They create one of their few modern smartphone models with a hardware slid-out keyboard (which clearly would be aimed at users such as myself who REALLY want a smartphone with a keyboard) and then they create a pretty crappy one. Don't get me wrong -- the keyboard is functional and does work. But as others have noted, the flat keypad surfaces aren't particularly tactile and the key-press on the keys is BAD... When typing but not looking, sometimes you press a key and it doesn't register at all. Then you go back and press again, and sometimes it registers multiple presses. It really slows down your ability to type as quickly as a hardware keypad ought to allow.So what I've found is...for a lot of the instant/chat messaging I do, I end up using the on-screen keyboard, which is very responsive and the keys are large enough on-screen to fit with my fingers thanks to the Glide's 4 inch screen. But for emails and longer things, I still end up using the hardware keyboard. The more you use it, the more accustomed you'll get to its limitations and key press style. But Samsung REALLY could and should have done better.