ORIGINAL REVIEW:I thought about waiting on the Lumia 925, but after reading how much the Lumina 521 has to offer, I decided that since I tend to change phones about every 2 years, it made more sense to go with the phone that was lighter on my wallet. After finding that my local WalMart had one phone left, I snagged it and haven't regretted my purchase one bit.What I love about the phone:1. WiFi calling (set up instructions below) - calls are clear, but calls don't hand off to cellular network if you step outside of your WiFi range2. Tethering Capable (must add to your plan as a separate service, but no charge)3. MicroSD slot (up to 64GB)4. Camera is touch adjustable5. Adjustable font size6. Ability to have a high contrast screen (for those with poor eyesight or someone who wants a cool looking screen)7. Transfer My Data App makes switching phones super easy - even transfers text messages8. All of the Nokia app collection for free (drive, music, photobeamer, yousendit, etc).9. Touchscreen is very responsive - sensitivity is adjustable10. Visual voicemail (free, but have to enable your account)The few negatives:1. Camera isn't fancy, but is 5mp. Use fingers/touchscreen to zoom. There is not a flash, so indoor pics can be blurry.2. Phone supposedly won't be able to access the LTE network if available in your area. I haven't confirmed this claim. The phone speed is fast enough for my needs, but I am not a gamer.3. Plastic back. Does it matter? Most people use a cover anyway.The OKs:1. Screen is nice and easy to see indoors. Sunlight causes difficulties. I have not tried a non-glare screen protector.2. Phone does not come with a headset3. Phone does not come with a car charger4. The ear sound can get tinny. I use to up the volume to hear on other phones. In this phone, I turn down the volume to get rid of the tinny sound. This is not noticeable when on speakerphone.I really like this phone - it has all of the features I want at a fantastic price point. If you are buying a Windows phone (and you should), this phone is a no-brainer.WiFi calling set-up: get wifi calling enabled on your t-mobile account (free set up), and make sure that you have a wifi enabled sim card (free at TMobile store).  Then do a hard reset on the phone (not just a simple update).  Reset is found at Settings - About - reset your phone. Once you do these steps, a WiFi calling button will appear on your home screen. Press it and choose your option (Wi-Fi Preferred, Cellular Preferred, Wi-Fi Only).EMail/Social Media set-up: was a Breeze. I set up Hotmail, outlook, Gmail, roadrunner and a business email. Facebook and other social media is also very easy to set-up.Font size & High contrast screen is at Settings - Ease of Access.Tethering is at Settings - Internet sharing.(This review is not intended to endorse a third party seller.)SOFTWARE UPDATE (news release 8/16/13):The Windows Phone Amber update--available for Nokia's Lumia 920, 820, 720, 620, 520, 928, 822, 521 and 810--includes Smart Camera, which promises users the tools to create higher-quality photos by taking a series of rapid-fire shots then editing the best elements of each image together, further bolstered by filters and effects.Windows Phone Amber also touts Nokia Glance Screen, which adds a clock to the screen when the phone is inactive, alongside indicators that depict the battery level when the device is running on a low battery, charging or set to silent mode. "You can activate the Nokia Glance screen in the 'display and touch' section in Settings by swiping left to 'glance,'" said Nokia Conversations blog editor Ian Delaney. "Nokia Glance screen will be available for all WP8 Lumia devices except the Nokia Lumia 520 and Lumia 625, which have a smaller display memory."Following customer requests, Windows Phone Amber additionally resurrects features from older Nokia handsets. Users may now flip the phone over to mute incoming calls and double tap the screen as an alternative to the unlock key."The rollout starts now first for the Lumia 920 and Lumia 820 in selected countries as well as the Lumia 521, Lumia 810 and Lumia 928 in the U.S.," Delaney said. "Exact delivery timings will vary by region, phone and operator, but we expect the update to reach your Lumia 520, Lumia 620, Lumia 720, Lumia 820 or Lumia 920 by the end of September."UPDATE (12/6/13T Mobile changed their international features in Oct 2013, allowing free data & texting in areas they serve (phone calls .10 unless wifi calling (wifi calling is free).  I took & used my phone to Peru & it worked quite well, both roaming on the Moviestar network (free) & hooking up to wifi.  I tethered to my tablet as well.UPDATE (3/28/14)I just returned from a trip to Vietnam where I used the Lumia 521 continuously both roaming & WiFi. In airports and other venues that had spotty or no WiFi, I tethered my phone to my tablet & to another user's tablet. WiFi calling provided free calls back to the states & using my apps, including Facebook, was a breeze.  TMobile's free international features are awesome (free texting & data, $.20/minute network calls, free WiFi calling to states, not in-country) and saved me hundreds of dollars.That said, I'm finding that I use my phone a lot more to take pictures, and the 521 only has a 5mp camera & no front facing camera.  The 5mp is OK & my phone has taken some very nice pictures, but now I want more & will probably upgrade to the Lumia 930 when it comes out if it isn't insanely priced (the 930 is suppose to have a 20mp camera, a front facing camera).