I feel like a fool for not discovering this deal earlier. I have been struggling with a barely-working smartphone for months. Though I'm eligible for an upgrade, I've been holding out for continually delayed releases of LTE4G phones, or maybe the new iphone. I didn't want to upgrade to an old-tech 3G phone that I would be stuck with for two years. My old phone was so bad, I began looking at used droids, but then I stumbled on a blog comment claiming you could buy a new palm pixi online with no contract for less than $60! I was very skeptical but decided to check it out.IT'S TRUE! I ordered a pixi for about $52 including shipping and it was brand new still sealed in the box. I had a little trouble activating it so I called Verizon, who walked me through the activation process step by step. Then I noticed the pixi couldn't sync with my data on Microsoft Exchange so I called the Palm help line. An extremely knowledgeable young woman spent about an hour on a landline phone helping me load my calendar and contacts onto the pixi and giving me a tutorial on the most useful and impressive features of my new phone. I have never had such thorough customer suppport for any product from any company--ever!Now to the phone itself. I wasn't expecting much at this price, but I was and continue to be in total awe of this phone and its operating system. To be fair, I am moving to webOS from Windows Mobile, which wins my vote for the worst OS in history. Anything would have been a vast improvement. But I also have some experience with iOS because my mom got an iphone that I had to learn how to use so I could teach her. WebOS is similar to iOS, but arguably better in its approach to multi-tasking.I was surprised at how the small screen and small keyboard don't seem to bother me, though I must admit, I don't have the biggest fingers around. The keyboard seems to know which key you mean to press when your fingers accidentally press two keys at once. The screen is smaller than my old phone but the better resolution makes up for it.The only negatives I've encountered are the signal strength, which isn't as good in my office as my old phone had, and Palm's PDF viewer, which doesn't work for about half the PDFs I've tried. I'm going to call Palm to try to resolve those problems. In areas where the pixi struggles to pick up a signal, the battery drains quickly. So I ordered a couple of spare chargers, including the incredibly cool touchstone inductive charger. You can order a touchstone and the special battery cover for less than $25 total.I originally got this phone to hold me over for a few months till Verizon's new phone offerings are released, but now I'm thinking it's such a great phone, I can wait for the second-generation LTE phones when they arrive next year!