I am writing this review just after purchasing my second palm pixi (for my daughter) and am thinking quite seriously about a 3rd & 4th.  It is a terrific phone for what I paid: $36 from the OEM shop (notated as there are several different marketplace sellers).  My experience was very good, phone arrived fast, and new (other reviewers commented on having trouble activating used phones).  The package included a wall charger and usb charger.I'd like to thank many reviewers who pointed to pageplus!  what a fantastic deal, and very nice people too.  Regards activation, it took a bit more time as the msin # was not on the box and had to be retrieved from inside the phone, under the battery (not a huge issue, just took a bit of extra time).  I will also note that the 12 cents left after activation is *before you put any money in*.  After activation I had just over 100 minutes, ample time to check the phone/ service/ coverage; all very good.Back to the phone itself: as one with many (too many) cell phones... mostly from bad experience; poor service/ coverage etc  I would compare this favorably to every other phone I have bought in this price range (e.g. the lg620g  LG 620G Prepaid Phone (Net10) which is an adequate phone, but nowhere near as nice or fully featured as this phone.  I would also compare it favorably to the motorola razor (not a very smart or solid phone) as well as several basic Nokias.  The pixi is an early  smart phone (as in pre-android).  It has PDA features (contacts, task list) implemented as cards (basically ap icons) an MP3 & video player, which unlike on some other phones/ services, you can add your own music to my dragging & dropping.  It also has a button to connect to Amazon's MP3 store.  The phone has "synchrony" to  connect to google, MS outlook and palm's website, which brings me to one important feature I *really dislike* : Your info will be stored on Palm's server.  I personally hate the intrusion on privacy and am hoping for legislation to contain it. But, this is something you should know.  It will limit how I use my phone! There are friends who also value their privacy... I can not will not put them in my contact list, so that cripples the phone somewhat for me.  I also will not use an organizer function which posts my appointments to any web site.  I am a psychologist, (there are real ethical issues here). I am hoping this is not a trend.  If it is, I will be buying up last gen phones rather than succumb to the intrusion.The phone also has a web browser (verizon's implementation) email connects, as well as popular social networking sites.My complaints with this phone are few and mostly related to Verizon; the documentation is minimal at best (e.g. to transfer music, drag & drop... it does not say where.  I put different songs in the phone window, and created a music folder within it, both were picked up by the MP3 player).  I have not yet figured out if I can create ringtones on it, but know, at least that I can import them (some phones block this, forcing you to buy from the service).  The user guide has more information on how to use gestures, unique to this platform, than other aps. or even the physical phone (when I needed to remove the battery to activate, there was no info on how to open the phone...) It was fairly simple, and info available out on the web, but why was it not included in the user manual?  It seems the manuals (3 included) are more about disclainmers & safety warnings (don't listen to your music too loud, throw your battery in a  fire: good one, submerge in water... so it is a process of discovery, finding out what all of the features are.  It is not a complicated phone to figure out or use, but reasonable documentation is nice.  Some of us *do* read the manual ;)In brief: This is a great phone for what it is currently selling for.  You can use it as a prepaid phone on cdma networks. It is a smart (not android) phone with PDA functions, a browser, MP3 and video player, a camera (which I forgot to mention earlier) which also shoots video (not very high quality, but then none of them are) and some features which can make set up etc easier for some as it uses synchronicity to pull down your contacts, to do lists... from other sites (if you give it permission).  It also has aps and google maps on board (you have to enable google snoop to use them).cons:Poor documantation/ user manuals, no memory expansion (but a good amount on board), have to agree to Palm's terms of use which will pick up information you enter. (Note: other "features" require giving permission to various services, but those can be denied, Palm's can not).  I personally do not like being tracked or having my personal info distributed, sold... and will always opt-out.  Fortunately most of these decisions are put in your hands (so you can opt to use google maps if you permit google, e.g.  I have several of these features turned off or crippled on my phone, but still think it is a terrific phone for what it costs; best I have found so far.