I will begin by saying that I have been a Nokia fan for several years mainly for the type of designs, materials and built quality of the brand phones. My latest device was the E71 (Unlocked version made in Finland) which I consider to be the best phone that the company has produced. Symbian operating system structure has never been an issue for me since I rather like a stable OS that has been proven efficient for several years now.I am a Mechanical Engineer which has held several positions requiring a very good attention to details, deep troubleshooting thinking process and analysis and evaluation of different types of equipment failures. Currently I held a position in the Nuclear Industry.So far I have gone through three (3) Nokia N8 in less than a month with all the units shown significant signs that this device is not being put together well. I will say that the Nokia N8, in my personal opinion, is a well design device that separates itself from the rest of mass produced devices currently in the market. The phone specs are very impressive and the materials guarantee a long durability. However all this looks wonderful on paper but what is coming out from the production line is far, far from what was conceived in the design table. This phone particular design, in my personal opinion, requires a very well controlled manufacturing process to maintain the quality of the finished device. This strict quality control appears to be missing at least on the units I have bought.All the phones I am referenced in here were bought at AMAZON.COM as brand new units and I received them with the Nokia seal intact on the shipped boxes. All the units I have received are MADE IN CHINA which I will not rush to conclude it is the main contributor to the phone issues but it probably is.The first unit was my first disappointment right out of the box. This device came with the unlock sliding key significantly loose and the rattling was very annoying (something that I might have live with it for a $100.00 phone but not for what is expected to be a high end product priced at over $500.00) . I also noted visible miss-alignments on both end caps in relation to the main cover body. So I returned this unit without further use of it.The second unit kept showing what appears to be a trend on this product. I found two (2) visible marks on both sides of the phone cases next to the ring that appears to secure the phone screen (it appears that excessive effort had to be made to finalize the assembly of the screen on this particular unit). Also, the camera lens and the xenon flash are not centered (it appears that the finish Aluminum plate that is glued on top of the camera, flash and speakers area was not placed with care). Here again noted a visible miss-alignments on both end caps in relation to the main cover body. I still have this unit on hand but probably will return it.The Third unit (which I felt so lucky I got it for $429.00 on Cyber Monday eve) was again another big disappointment. This one appears to be the worst one so far. The front camera appears to be missing its end cover which I can see on the other unit I still have at home. Here again noted a visible miss-alignments on both end caps in relation to the main cover body with the top one significantly off-set showing a visible gap where the earpiece is located. The main camera has failed to close the lens twice while exiting from the camera main screen.As you can see most of the issues I have mentioned here are related to the manufacturing process of this device. As you might know already Nokia itself has admitted that the most talked issue that this phone is experiencing (the power down of the device without any previous action) is been tracked down to the manufacturing lines. So if so far this what we can see on the outside of the phone, What about the internal assembly of this device? How reliable these units can be? Again, this is considered a high end device designed to compete with the high ranked smart phones currently leading the market.As far as the reported performance of the new OS, all three phones have shown sudden slowdowns, sluggishness and a lot of inconsistencies. Maybe clocking up an all processor instead of using a new one was not the best choice made.To conclude I will say that the Nokia N8 is a marvelous device, in paper, worth the $549.00 retail price. The Nokia N8 coming out of the production lines is worth much, much, much less or maybe no worth at all for now. You might still buy this phone but just be aware what you are getting into.