Suspend what you have heard about the Nokia N8 for this review, give it a chance. I am a college student and I have used many different phones. When I bought the Nokia N8 I was coming from the Samsung Captivate android phone. I like my smartphones to have many useful features that can combine the features of multiple devices into one. The Nokia N8 does that for me, it is my phone, camera, MP3 player (and wireless transmitter), video player, and GPS all in one.Now most smartphones have all of these functions, but the N8 excels in all of these areas.1. As a phone it does it's job very well. The gorilla glass and aluminum case feel very solid and I am proud of the build quality. The operating system could use some work, yes, but for most people, including me, it is more than satisfactory. In terms of app's, it has all that I could want. The OVI store has everything that I need, games, video chat, swype, opera, etc. The multitasking system is epic, easily beats all the other operating systems in that respect. It is very useful when you are using an application or browsing the internet and you realize you need to make a call or send a text message, just minimize, complete your task, and return right where you left off.The features built into the phone meet or exceed other phones. It has HDMI out, USB (flash drive) support, 3.5 mm headphone jack, 16 gb internal memory and external SD card, etc. The battery life is amazing, I can literally go 4 days without charging, try that with an Android phone.2. The 12 mp camera with zenon flash IS the BEST out there. A good camera is important to me, and I know pixel count is not everything, Nokia knew that too. The camera performs very well, easily replacing my point and shoot camera. The zenon flash beats an LED flash hands down anyday. The 720p video recording is more than satisfactory for me. The dedicated, two stage camera button is also very good. Connecting the phone to the computer is very easy allows for easy transfer of files and pictures.3. One of the main reasons I cannot leave Nokia for another phone is because of the MP3 player with wireless transmission. Although it is not terribly strong, it replaces another device and comes in very handy. In addition to that, the bluetooth performs very well.4. I have many movies that I have copied over the years on many 16 gb memory cards and in many formats. The N8 plays most all of them very well. It struggles with high bitrate DivX but at least it can play that format, most phones can't. I have never had a problem with micro SD cards or playing a video.5. The final reason I can't leave the N8 is due to the lifetime OFFLINE navigation. Noone else includes that for free on their phones. I don't have a data plan with this phone (Wi-Fi is more than adequate) so the offline navigation is key. And it is not watered down at all, it has built in businesses and you can download updated maps for the US and elsewhere for free, forever. Easily replaces my car GPS.CONS:1. Lack of physical QWERTY keyboard.2. No PSX4DROID or higher quality games.3. Battery not easily replacable.So all in all, this phone is a great deal. Where else are you going to be able to pay ~400 dollars and get a phone, camera, GPS, and MP3/4 player? Phone works great with AT&T; and since I bought it unlocked I don't have to have a data plan (as long as AT&T; continues to think I don't have a smartphone, hint hint, block data on your account). With the N9 coming out (which looks amazing too BTW), this phone is only going to get cheaper in price. In addition, there is a major software update coming out in August for this phone that will fix some of the minor issues with it. The phone will be supported for a while in the future as well. If you are on the fence, do it!