I was looking for a basic MP3 player and phone.  I currently own a Samsung Juke that I love.  I got the phone because of the memory capacity and touch screen for scrolling through songs.The touch screen misses half my finger presses and won't even get through the touch calibration function most of the time.  However, it always produces the click sound even when it ignores the finger press.  That leads one to believe that it worked, when it didn't.The Bluetooth only works when it feels like working.  It often just says it can't connect.  The same Bluetooth devices work flawlessly with my old phone.  The Bluetooth range is only about 2 to 3 feet when it does work.  Playing music through Bluetooth makes the music player lock up until the Bluetooth device is turned off.The music player stops whenever a call is received (normal for basic phones).  However it also stops when one turns on or off Bluetooth, or does anything else.  Leaving the music player screen immediately stops playback.  The music player does not remember even the last song that was playing, nor where it was playing in the song.  It doesn't pause the music when doing something else, it just cancels the entire music playlist.  There is no equalizer, and there are no settings for bass, treble, or balance.  The sound quality of music (through stereo headphones) is excellent.Call volume is good, but the sound is robotic, like it is using a low sample rate or dropping samples.The text messaging features seem to work OK, though I don't use them much.  The keyboard works well, though the keys are hard to read.  Since they have multiple functions, the lettering is small for the symbols and special functions.  I also discovered there is no way to enter a "W" in a phone number when using the keyboard.  I had to close the keyboard and press the touch screen while entering a phone number.The phone book insists on having a default number for each contact.  You can have it prompt for call versus text on pressing a contact, but not which phone number to call.  It is necessary to go through the address book to select a phone number.  The shortcuts always dial the default number!  The voice-mail contact only supports one number and is impossible to delete.Icons cannot be added or deleted on the second icon screen.  They can be moved around.  That is annoying if you don't want some of the features, like My Verizon that are easy to accidentally press.  Depending on your plan, one accidental touch can cost a few dollars for Internet access fees.One can add shortcut icons to a shortcut menu, or the initial desktop screen.  There are no additional icons provided for contacts except the default.  Pressing on a contact will either call the default number or bring up a choice of call, e-mail, or text.  There is no function to arrange or line up icons.The desktop animations are good, but there is a choice of only three.The menus are inconsistent about whether they have a back button or one has to use the disconnect call button to go back.  I found myself bouncing between the screen and the disconnect button.The phone is very slippery.  A case is absolutely necessary to avoid dropping the phone a lot.  The charging cord is rather short (4 feet).  USB functions work OK, but there is a long delay before the memory is detected on the computer unless you configure it through the menus.  The device starts in CD mode, then switches to either storage or modem.  The modem is basically useless since Verizon doesn't support that.The flash slot is inside the phone underneath the back cover.  The back cover must be removed to remove or install the flash.  If you plan to change the flash card frequently that could be a problem, especially having to use a case around the phone.  If you plan to leave the flash in all the time, then it is ideal.In summary, the features in the phone would be good for the price if they worked reliably and were well designed.  Unfortunately the features do not work well, and are not well designed.  Although there are a lot of features, they are each very limited.