When I first got this phone I was so impressed with the speed and fluidity.  I had upgraded from the RAZR HD because I was so frustrated with its lag and performance issues.  You can't put that much bloatware on a phone and only give it 1 GB of ram...unless it's intentional of course (the droid ultra is the same as the RAZR HD but w/ the 2GB or ram - less the desired micoSD card slot).  Compared to the RAZR HD, this phone practically knows what I'm going to do before I touch it (in other words, it's REALLY fast).The mistake?  When I first got the phone I could not explain why the battery was draining at a rate of 10-15% per hour in standby mode.  That means that when not using the phone I was barely getting 6-8 hours per charge.  And given the fact that I had a new toy and was using it extensively, it was draining the entire battery in no more than 5 hours.  While I am in the car or office most of the time that was so unacceptable that I started to think my dream phone wasn't practical enough to actually use day-to-day.I tried everything to improve the battery life.  I researched the heck out of it on the net.  I installed battery monitoring programs and tried to kill applications I wasn't actively using.  Finding no solution, I finally called Verizon and asked to exchange the phone for a Droid MAXX.Luckily, before I activated the MAXX, I saw a guy on the street using a ONE and asked him about his battery life.  When I told him about the poor performance I was seeing he told me something must be wrong with the phone because his was phenomenal (way better than his wife's iPhone 5 he said).  Encouraged, I started uninstalling apps one by one (targeting what were probably the most resource intensive first).  Long story short, I eventually isolated the problem as BTSync (an awesome bit torrent file sharing/backup app - a must have IMHO but it's still in beta-ish so it must have been running in the background non-stop).NOW - the battery life is excellent.  I still have two different battery utilities monitoring performance, but I get a full day of moderate/heavy use out of the phone and don't need to charge at all during the day (I charge every night at bed though).  For example - I had the phone on battery for 17 hours now and it still has 30% charge.  I've probably made 2 hours of calls, surfed the web for an hour or two, sent dozens of texts and emails and used google maps for traffic updates during my commute to and from work.  I've also watched over 20 minutes worth of video throughout the day.  Needless to say I gladly sent the MAXX back before ever activating it.PROS:* SPEED & Fluidity (ZERO lag on this thing)* Screen (although I can't tell the difference between a 720P or 1080P screen this size)* Speakers (TIP: if you turn the beats audio off you save battery and the speakers are louder)* Call quality: much clearer than my RAZR HD (I don't say "what?" as much anymore)* UI: some people don't like the HTC sense but I find it much nicer than Motorola's* Looks: let's be honest, it matters now.  And this phone is much cooler looking than the Motorolas and the Samsungs.  I think it rivals the iPhone.* TV remote: it's a bit gimmicky, but honestly after using it for a while...it's actually kind of cool* Oh, and it's FASTCONS:* Sense Feed (or whatever the heck they call it) is unnecessary and you should be allowed to disable it* Camera: while some of the features are cool - and the multi-shot is unbelievably fast and cool - the ultrapixel produces noticeably grainy pictures on larger screens.  If you use your phone for facebook/instragram photos only it's probably one of the best phone cameras out there.  If you ever intend to actually crop, edit or print your photos then it may not compare to cameras with more megapixels.* No microSD slot - no matter what they say Verizon must have been responsible for them dropping a feature that's available on other versions of the phone (to make you use more cloud storage and therefore more bandwidth - but I suggest backing up photos using BTSync over wifi).