I used to have the duos version but dumped it because of a wifi issue it had. I bought this one instead and the wifi issue isn't present! Perfect phone! I took one star because it doesn't have led notification light and there's no excuse for this in this day and age.Please AVOID SELLER SHOPEBEST. The phone they sent me has a stuck pixel to the right side of the screen which flashes red from time to time (and sometimes just stays there, as a red dot). They knew about this and still sent it to me, how do I know? Because they had turned on the phone before, android didn't even ask me to set up my google account, something it always does when first turning on a factory reset phone, that's because they had already turned it on and installed some Region Code Lock away app or something like that. It's good that they took the time to do it if they at least informed me beforehand but this phone is supposed to be UNLOCKED from factory. If they didn't install this then it was the person they sold this to (and returned) before me.. and they didn't even had the decency of factory resetting it. Also, this page is for the galaxy s4 mini BLACK not BLACK MIST, the one they ultimately sent me. Luckily I also like that color but they shouldn't send something different than the one the page advertises.I had to go overseas right after getting the phone so I'm unable to return it (I also can overlook most of this, even the stuck pixel issue, which I think can fade over time) but beware of this SHOPEBEST SELLER since it is full of crap.UPDATE 05/25/2014For custom roms users: for me the battery life is way worse with cyanogenmod. I have always used custom roms in my previous phones but mostly based on touchwiz. This phone is the first one where I have used cyanogenmod intensively and while I love all the power user options of the rom I was extremely disappointed with the battery life. I just could not make it through the day without having to recharge it at work and I HATE to charge twice a day, it also isn't very good for the battery's health over the long term. Also, the battery life indicator was incredibly unreliable once you reached under 20% levels. You could have 15% battery life (on stock the phone can make it home safely with that) left and after ten minutes the phone will be at 4% and turning off. I was left out hanging because of this more than once and when I needed the phone the most (as I was just going home from work). That was using default cyanogenmod settings of course (default scheduler and governor, no overclock or undervolted, etc) but most of the fancy stuff disabled (location, gps, data sync, nfc, etc) the same way I have it with touchwiz. In fairness some people on XDA forums seem to get good battery life out of this phone on cm but I don't know what kind of customizations they have used (most undervolt) or how they use the phone I'm just talking of my experience here. Me? I happen to like touchwiz, a lot actually, always have. I specially like how it looks (I don't know what all the hate is about). I even used a touchwiz theme on cm (it never looked quite as good as touchwiz though but that is expected). About the cm power options I miss? I can have them using the Xposed framework with the touchwiz-specific Wanam Exposed module (make sure you know what you're doing before meddling with it, but is mostly safe, needs root). I had never used the Xposed framework before and IT IS AMAZING. Glad I found it since I now have alternatives in case I don't find good custom roms (for this phone they're all mostly cyanogenmod-based). I hope this helps. PS: I initially posted this on my 9195 review since that is the model I own now but it applies to the 9190 too, since I have used cyanogenmod with both.