The title of the review may be confusing for some, but let me explain. I have been a die hard nokia user for the best part of my adult life, since mobile phones really came into the mainstream. Pretty much every phone I have owned has been a nokia. Prior to the smartphone era, Nokia's were hands-down the best phones out there. The user interface was easy to use and understand, and the menu format, typing, etc were all the least fiddly of the phones on the market.Then came the smartphone era. I can't profess to having owned LOADS of different phones, so I can only give my own personal point of view. The 2 Symbian phones I owned were a 5800 and an N8, using 2 different versions of Symbian - S60 and S^3, which was touted as being a great improvement over S60. I stuck with these phones through thick and thin, determined to stand by Nokia, with a firm belief they were still the best out there.My experience with Symbian has been this. Nokia has certain trump cards for its smartphones that no-one else out there can profess to. Nokia Maps for one. It may not beat the likes of Google Maps for ease of use ability to find what you're looking for, but to have extensive offline maps of pretty much any country you want is amazing. Joikuspot, the free mobile hotspot software is also amazing, there are a few others which escape me, but suffice to say, there are several things available to Nokia users which iOS, Android and Blackberry users cannot say they have an equivalent.BUT, when you just need your phone to get something done quickly. Say, pulling up a map with pubs, restaurants, shoe shops, whatever, in the vicinity of where you are, get you the website, the phone number, directions etc. Android and iOS users will have Nokia beat every time. Doing tasks like this would take me twice, three times as long on my Nokia than someone with an Android or iPhone. My phone just wouldn't find what I wanted, or it would freeze, or it would reboot itself right at a crucial time when you really didn't want it to. And this is why I finally gave up on Nokia. Their hardware is SECOND TO NONE. The N8 is a beautiful phone, it's solid, tactile, the anodized aluminium body feels great. The camera is AMAZING. I took pictures on that and people didn't believe I didn't take them with my DSLR. Video on the N8 is amazing too - all the built in editing functions are unbelievable, it's virtually and HD camcorder in a phone. But as a smartphone, it just doesn't cut it. And I put the blame fully on Nokia's insistence (at the time) to cling on to Symbian. Even S^3 is unstable in my opinion. Freezing and crashing shouldn't happen on a top phone manufacturers flagship phone. Period. Maybe the partnership with Microsoft will bring something better to the table.So in the end, I ditched my unlocked N8 with pay monthly AT&T;, got a 2 year AT&T; contract, a $150 Motorola Atrix 4G running Android 2.2 on Amazon Wireless, and it's the best decision Ive made in a long time. A tearful farewell to Nokia, but now, hello Android, I love you...