Pretty good phone.  Potential buyers should be warned that this phone is much larger than regular clam-shell phones.  It is even larger than the razor.  Here are the pros and the cons.Pros:- Nokia is a very considerate cell phone manufacture. (either that or I'm too used very low standards?)  The phone comes packaged with a 64mb miniSD card to play around with the phone. It further comes with a stereo headset that attaches to the phone so you can listen to music.  On top of that, it comes with a link cable to hook up the phone to your computer.  Compared to motorola (specifically, the razr and the slvr) which does not package their phone with a link cable, the nokia does a great job of giving the consumer everything they need right out of the box.  The samsung d807, by the way, does not come with anything besides the phone either (namely, it comes without headsets or datalink).  The link software is also included while the motorola razr requires you to buy a link software which never made any sense to me.- the camera is amazingly good.  The quality is good and it's got the best zoom out of all the camera phones I've ever seen.- it is very easy to download and install apps.- the phone looks pretty cool.  Especially when you are outside at night.  It is hard to describe it in words but the backlight seems more tastefull than the other manufactures.- The sound quality is GREAT.  I've had razr for 6 month and I reget buying that phone everyday for its utterly attrocious sound quality.  The nokia 6682 also gets much better reception than the motorola.  As a side note, the nokia gets better reception than the samsung d807 as well.- video seems pretty good.Cons:- this phone is pretty heavy.  It is larger than most phones out now-a-days. (I'm not including organizer-phones like blackberry or equivalent keyboard-type phones here although the nokia does a pretty good job as a powerful 3g phone).  If cute and small is your thing, DON'T GET THIS PHONE. Try the samsung d807 which is excellent in sound quality and performance.  I would not recommend a motorola razr for the reason of poor sound quality as described above.- the battery life is not so good. I got about 2 1/2 days of life out of this thing before recharge. (keep in mind that I did a lot of heavy calling and playing-around etc.)- the design seems a little clunky. (I kind of like it but others may find it too boxy or something so I put this in the con section)- the phone does lag a bit during heavy usage although I've never experienced a "lock-up" that others are refering to.Conclusion:All in all, pretty good phone.  My personal rating is 4.4 because of its size, weight and the battery life.  This phone has the best camera capability out of any phones out there in the US. (excluding the over-priced helio phones of course). I would recommend this phone to people who like taking pictures a lot and maybe some video for those "kodak-moments". Bloggers will probably get a kick out of this phone. If you want a smaller and slicker phone with good camera and video, go with the samsung d807.