I like this phone. Been using it in Venezuela from a month now.For phone calls it works with any carrier because of 4-band supponrt. For HDSPA data connections it works only with Movistar and Movilnet carriers in Venezuela. Does not work with Digitel carrier in Venezuela. Read this excelent explanation on the subject [...] This model is d910a, only supports frecuency bands 2100 and 1900Mhz for HDSPA. If you plan to use with Digitel carrier in Venezuela, ask the vendor or find on Amazon the d910i model or use other phone.This phone supports 2 SIM cards: the primary supports 3G data, secondary for 2G phone calls and text messages only. I am using Movistar on the primary 3G with a data and voice plan, Digitel on the secondary for voice only.I was using Movilnet for 3G but changed to Movistar after 3 weeks because it has better HDSPA coverage at this time (2012-2013). At first I had to reboot the phone twice to take HDSPA signal with Movistar.Put a 32GB microSD card and worked fine from the start. The phone comes with a 4GB microSD card inserted, so no need to buy extra card. I did not know this before.The phone has enough power to do what i need: write text files, surf the web, read PDFs, read documentation on HTML saved on ths microSD, watch movies, take photos and videos on the go, listen to the FM radio (yes it has FM radio support and application), listen to .ogg or .mp3 music, record voice, etc. The web clients does not support some web apps I am using on an online courses.Sometimes the phone hanged after extended or intense use, switching between applications. I suspected first from the official Facebook app (changed to other) and latter from the fabric installed 'GO Launcher EX'. I changed the launcher, it is easy and safe, you can always return to the fabric installed 'GO Launcher EX'; first tried 'Lightning' launcher, then tried and stayed with Zeam Launcher and seems better, no crashes. I primary searched to change launchers because the default GO launcher consumes more memory than others and this device is 512GB RAM. Some reviews sais GO is slower too, but this phone has 2-core processor, all feel the same on speed.The rear and front cameras, both are excelent. Rear camera's 8mpix is great an takes beautifull pictures and full HD videos.Full HD videos plays on this phone perfect!!.You can use 2 SIM cards and choose wich one to use to call o text messages.Headphone plug is standard, so you can use the privided ones or any other you have.Battery last for a working day, depending on use. The default configuration has a clock moving background wich I removed just yesterday. According to the Android battery meter this clock was the most power consuming app (by so far), so I expect the battery to last longer (much longer...) now. I never got out of battery, but charged every night, connecting the provided USB cable to the computer or to the electrity plug adapter.This is my first Android phone and my very first smart phone. I like it because I really am using it to limits and on commuting time on the Caracas Metro transportation system. I study, make social, entertain and work with it.