I've been on the smartphone band wagon from the beginning. I have used devices from every platform, and I have a high bar for satisfaction. The Nokia E6 does not completely satisfy me, but it does what I need and does it well.I really became tired of toys posing as phones. How many of you are sick of smart phones which fail the basic premise of being a phone? I know I am and that's what brought me back to Nokia. Simply put, Nokia makes the best phones.There's a myriad of criticisms I could throw at Nokia, more specifically Symbian. But despite it's short comings, it still manages to offer a compelling device in the E6. Any criticisms you read about the E6's email handling are absolutely true. It's rubbish. However, I have found ProfiMail which brings the power of desktop email clients to the mobile platform better than anything else. Its UI is questionable, but it's an excellent email client. I've never seen a client that handles IMAP boxes this well with incredibly fast and accurate searching. So if you're considering the E6 just go ahead and factor in the $24.99 to include ProfiMail in the price.Beyond that, all I have to say is VoIP. The E6 is a powerful SIP/VoIP device. This along with it's penta-band antennae/tuner make this an invaluable tool for the globe trotters out there. It's kinda painful to set up, but once you do you can have nearly free VoIP international calling in your hands.The other "amazing" aspect of this device is the battery life. With moderate use I need to charge my phone once every 3 days. Now you can carelessly install/configure software to suck your battery dry, but if you're conservative with the configuration you can have quick access to data intense applications and "amazing" battery life. I say "amazing" because the current standard for smartphones these days seems to be around 12 hours of moderate usage.Additionally, the bluetooth stack on this device is so much more advanced than anything out there. It's Bluetooth 3.0 and supports these profiles: A2DP, AVRCP, BIP, DUN, FTP, GAP, GAVDP, GOEP, HFP, HSP, OPP, PBAP, SAP, SDP, SPP. It's the only phone I've had that I could get to work with AcuraLink (Acura's in car messaging system). I know some others have mentioned issues with Bluetooth on this device, but my experience has been flawless.I have had problems with the E6, but they are on par with problems I've had with every single smartphone I've ever used (more than 30 different devices). The software is not perfect. It will occasionally lock up. You will have to reboot the device when this happens. I recommend being judicious with 3rd party software as this seems to be the root of most of those type of woes.Overall I'm considering purchasing a backup E6 to have when this device is lost/damaged/worn out. That's how much I'm appreciating this phone. I would also like to hedge my bets on Nokia's brain dead corporate direction in moving to the Windows mobile platform (Did the CEO even look at the amazing N9 before canning it?). If you keep your expectations reasonable and really want a smartphone that excels at being a phone, then you really can't go wrong with the E6.