First, the bad. I purchased the Nokia 6555b from AT&T; Jan 8, 2008. Three weeks later the exterior mini-display was cracked and inoperable. I had worn it on my belt while driving and my seat belt buckle put enough pressure on the mini-display to crack it. VERY disappointing. All Nokia had to do was put a thicker, more rigid plastic cover over the display and it would be fine. Instead, I have a busted phone. Except for the broken mini-display and the inability to see the clock or caller ID, the phone still works, but that mini-display is a Bad Design.A lot of people complain about the battery. At first I experienced very short battery times as well. I even bought a second battery for $15 with some other accessories. I have never needed it. I believe the battery gets better with time. At first it was displaying low battery charge. Now it goes for a couple of days no problem. I charge it each night, though, just to be safe.I bought the 6555 because it works with the Acura Hands Free Link system via Bluetooth. (Not all Bluetooth phones do.) It also works with the Ford Sync system. Both work very well. It is indeed nice to place or receive calls without having to find the phone. No clumsy earphones. No looking away to dial or press buttons. No wires at all. My wife leaves hers in her purse, I leave my in my pocket (not wearing it on my belt anymore--I might break it again.) With Sync, the Bluetooth even allows the phone to become a media player. Very cool.Using the free downloadable Nokia software, you can edit the phonebook from your laptop via the special--and hard to find--micro USB cable that costs $15. But if your laptop has Bluetooth like mine--because I bought a Microsoft Bluetooth wireless laser mouse 8000 and its Bluetooth receiver also receives other Bluetooth devices like my phone--you can connect without having to buy the micro USB cable. The cable is handy to carry though, so you can connect the phone to other computers if necessary to download pictures and video if needed. Using this software, you can also make your own ring tones. My custom ringtone is Hillary Clinton cackling/laughing.The main display has a nice large font that is visible in broad daylight. Color combinations (themes) are adjustable and some are better than others, but it's nice to have options.The phone has a speaker phone built in if desired.It's easy to switch from ring to vibrate--just hold the # key for a few seconds.If you have MS Outlook as your emailer, you can sync your calendar.The 6555 comes with a host of useful tools including: a Stopwatch with split times; a Countdown Timer to remember to take the roast out on time; a full-function Calculator; an Alarm Clock; Notes; To-Do list; and a Calendar.It has some dumb games that are mostly demo only.It has a very mediocre still camera and an even more mediocre video camera.It can text, but I don't do that.It can be configured for Push-To-Talk, at extra cost, if you must have walkie talkie capability.I was worried about the tiny charging plug, but so far it's been durable, even though it did obsolete all my previous Nokia accessories.It does need a micro-mini plug for the headphones if you want to use it as a personal music player. Mine included a short Micro-to-Standard mini adapter so you can use your regular headphones.The Settings menu allows you to reconfigure what many of the buttons will do: if you need to get to some buried menu item like the calculator often, make the Right Selector button do it. One touch and you're in business. This is a very handy feature.Overall, I am quite pleased with the phone. The audio quality is fine, it rarely drops calls and is small, thin and lightweight. The only real problem is how fragile the outer display is. Nokia should have shipped it with a protector or engineered it better from the get-go.