There's lots to like about this phone.  You probably have read all that.  I'm going to tell you my specific reasons for giving this phone 2 stars after having it for 2 months.I can boil it down to one thing then list specifics - the one thing is certain things stop working and can only be fixed by a reboot of the device.  I didn't move from a 2 year old HTC product to the flagship Samsung product in order to have to reboot my device 3 to 5 times a day just to make basic functions work.1.  Voice input - the mic icon will sometimes not light up red or work, like the application cannot access the mic.  Only fix I have found is to reboot the phone, and it works immediately.2.  Bluetooth music to my car stereo stutters.  It didn't do this on my older phones which are half as powerful.  A reboot fixes it.3.  GPS cannot get a fix.  "Searching for GPS" will not go away.  It will not get a fix.  Toggling GPS on and off does not work.  A reboot fixes it.4.  Drops wi-fi alot.  Wifi disconnects, goes to 3g / 4g, then back to wifi ... all day long.  Don't tell me it's my router or my signal.  My old phone did not do this.  My girlfriend's phone doesn't do this.5.  Apps stop responding - freeze up - screen sticks for 15-20 seconds sometimes.  This shouldn't be happening on a phone this powerful.6.  Intermittently can't upload photos - to facebook, twitter, etc.  They fail immediately.  Reboot of phone fixes it every time.7.  And this one is probably Verizon ... switching between Wi-Fi, 3G, 4G on the fly is not exactly smooth.  Connection invariably drops and takes more time than it should to pick back up.I first went to Amazon with the issue.  They told me to go to Verizon as it was past 30 days.  Verizon would not let me e-mail customer service about it from their website.  They want me to bring it to a retail store, which I have not had time to do yet.  I e-mailed Samsung.  They offered some troubleshooting - which was basically instructions on how to do a soft reset, then how to do a complete wipe of the phone if that didn't fix my issues.  Soft reset did not fix it.  I'm not really wanting to do a complete wipe at this point on a 2 month old phone.  In any case I shouldn't have this many problems on a brand new flagship device from a major carrier.  I tried to get Amazon to send me a device in advance and return packaging for the old one.  No dice.  I tried with Samsung.  No dice.  Verizon is my last hope and I really don't relish the thought of setting my phone up all over again ... but I guess it's my only chance of getting any kind of decent smart phone that is even as good as my 2 year old phone I just got rid of.  In my opinion - this device is NOT all it's cracked up to be.  Don't believe the hype.