My family already had two Tracfones and we had no problems with them. Since we use them infrequently the pay-as-you go feature makes a lot of sense for us and has saved us a lot of money. So when my old ATT&T; Razr phone putzed out I bought this w260g phone direct from Tracfone and attempted to port my old number to the new phone during the online activation. I was aware of the many problems people have had activating these phones so I made sure I followed the instructions to the letter.During the online activation process I was required to enter two long codes. I did this very carefully, double checking. The first one was accepted the second was not. Started over and had the same problem. Had to call "Customer Care' This is where the nightmare began. First of all, the "Care" center is obviously a call center somewhere on another continent. It was very difficult to hear the service rep and their English was also hard to follow (amazing the call quality is crystal clear when you are on hold having the Muzak blasted into your ear--which happens a lot). After an inordinately long amount of time I was finally given two new codes to enter to activate my phone which worked. I thanked the rep and rang off, thinking my problems were over.I then went back online to buy minutes. I purchased a 60 minute card, paid an extra five bucks for another 30 minutes and used a promo code for another 30 minutes. I went through checkout and paid and got a receipt for 120 minutes. Problem was that the minutes never showed up on my phone. I call "Customer Care" again three hours later and the call center was closed for the day. I called back at 8:30 the next morning. It took three calls (the first two were dropped after 36 minutes and 62 minutes into the process, respectively) to FINALLY get a code to enter into the phone which gave me the minutes at about 12:15pm.Now for the final straw. When I purchased this phone on the website it was advertised as having double minutes for life. They informed me that my phone did NOT include this and that I would have to pony up another 50 bucks for a card for this. Naturally I refused. Why should I pay 50 bucks for something I was supposed to get the first time around? Also, they are advertising phones on their website for as little a 10 dollars with this feature.  When my 120 minutes expire I will either throw this phone in the trash and try again for the double the minutes with a new phone or just go back to my basic ATT&T; monthly plan (they offered to cut my rate $10 per month when I called up to cancel--and by the way their customer support was very good). Haven't made up my mind yet. They gave me two months to decide.At any rate I am a sitting here in shock after being on the phone for 3 hours and 45 minutes to get the minutes I bought online yesterday actually added to my phone. Unbelievable. If you are thinking about a Tracfone, be advised that you may be one of the lucky ones that has no problems, like we were the first two times, or you may be one of the unlucky who experiences the most amazingly dysfunctional customer support imaginable. You roll the dice and you take your chances.The phone itself has no frills but works fine, so far. I have had good experience with Motorola products in the past, so hopefully that won't be an issue.