Before I start talking about the Greatest phone ever created, lets talk Samsung. One of the biggest corporations of today, Samsung was founded in 1938, but it wasn't until the 1990's that Samsung started manufacturing electronics. Since then Samsung Industry has become known all over the world for its computers, monitors, televisions, and especially their latest adaption of  its mobile device the Samsung Galaxy S4.The S4 is one of Samsung's most successful  products out there. The S4 has three predecessor's and even a tablet adaptation.The first Samsung Galaxy first came out back in 2010 which was originally called the Galaxy S, following after was the S2 in 2011 and S3 in 2012. Then finally the best of its brothers in 2013 the Samsung S4 was released. Now its time for the specs and features, the Samsung Galaxy S4 has greatly advanced in this area compared to its previous versions and have set the bar for other smartphone of its generation. The S4 weighs only 120 grams and has a 5 inch screen with full High Definition  with 441 ppi! The S4 is 136.6 mm tall, 69 mm in length, and 7.9mm  wide.  The Galaxy S4 can contain up to 2 Gigabytes of RAM . The S4 full High Definition screen  is made of AMOLED, this improves the phones response time and helps the phone use less power. Thus the features, first the Galaxy S4's camera and video features. This beast has two cameras a back camera that is 13  mega pixels with zero shutter lag and a front camera that is 2 mega pixels  also with zero shutter lag and both cameras able to record in full 1080pi High Definition. The S4 has many camera features that only it has. For those camera lovers this is where I completely win you over, camera features included with the Galaxy S4 are Drama where you take multiple pictures and merge them into one, Sound & Shot which allows you to add background sound to a picture for a couple seconds, Rich Tone when pictures are merged in various exposures that create soft and rich color, Night mode makes pictures taken in the low light, brighter and clearer, sports makes photos taken at hide speed clearer, and my favorite camera feature called Eraser which takes five consecutive pictures and erases moving object's saving the best one. Now what sets the Samsung Galaxy S4 above the rest, its smart gestures and personal features . These features are what got me loving this phone. The first  feature is called group play that allows you to share games,music, pictures, and videos to fellow Galaxy users. Next is the Samsung adapt, it adjusts the phones sound, screen brightness on its own depending on your environment. Another feature only Samsung has is called S Health which keeps track of your calorie intake and optional exercises according to your lifestyle and environment around you. Smart gestures are unique features that allow users to scroll down or turn the page by simply waving your hand across the screen down or up and left to right. With smart gestures it makes touching your phone obsolete because you are now able to on the Samsung Galaxy S4 scroll up or down a page with just your eyes and pause or continue videos by looking away or back at the screen. The Samsung Galaxy S4 is by far the best phone I've ever had. In the past I have owned the droid Razer and IPhone 4s, both those phones are nowhere close to competing with the Samsung Galaxy S4. The S4's enhanced specs, super smooth look, and unique and cool features. Its 5 inch screen puts other phones to shame and the S4 being made of plastic makes it one of the most durable phones out there. I use my phone 24/7 and the battery life lasts longer than any other phone I've had. I've had the phone for about 5 months now and have had zero issues with it. In Conclusion the S4 is hands down the greatest cell phone out there and is a must have, It has everything other phones have plus even more.