Edits a/o October 2, 2012 (the international version, Note I): Still 5 stars! As soon as the Note II is available in the US, I am buying it, though this time I will buy it through my carrier vs. an international version so I can take advantage of the LTE. My phone has gone through several system updates--all went flawlessly. I believe Jelly Bean is just around the corner. This is an awesome phone. I could never go back to the small iPhone screen. I eventually dropped my phone enough times to crack its screen (the crack extends from the lower left corner to upper right corner). After cracking the screen, I applied a screen protector film and the screen continues to work perfectly, despite the crack, as does the Wacom stylus--no hiccups in execution of drawing, etc.Edits a/o April 18, 2012 (the international version): Had to add that I've been using this phone for a few months now and I still marvel over it. I have dropped it several times and have noticed no scratches or problems--I am using the BoxWave Samsung Galaxy Note case which clearly is doing its job to protect. I was unable to cleanly apply any of the screen protector films, so am relying only on the BoxWave case. The volume rocker position is the only element that doesn't seem quite right. I hit it by accident sometimes when taking pictures or powering down the phone. I love the phone's size. When I look at my husband's iPhone now, I just can't imagine using a phone with such a tiny screen. I look forward to seeing this phone evolve. And now that AT&T; is selling the phone, I am running into people on the street who are asking about it or want to stop to compare notes because they are so excited about it.I also purchased the Hyperion batteries for my Note and they have worked very well. The back comes off easily, making it a snap to swap.Original:I have given this phone a 5-star rating because I can't find any fault with it. The phone is slick and beautifully designed. I had planned to wait till it came loaded with Ice Cream Sandwich, but am finding the interface very intuitive (even as an iPhone user). Still, I've downloaded the online manual because I keep discovering surprising features and I suspect there are things I will miss if I don't review the details.I switched from an iPhone 3GS. (My husband has the 4S and he grudgingly admires my NOTE--a lot!) When placed next to an iPhone, the Note's screen seems gargantuan, but after using it for a few days, it seems natural and not outsized.I did have trouble getting the Note set up and here is my account:My phone is the German version of the Note. I started to use the phone with wi-fi before inserting a SIM card. When I took the Note to a small AT&T; dealer, he removed my SIM from the iPhone and inserted into the Note. The phone could make and receive calls, but would not connect to the internet. I had entered the APN settings I had found online. He tried changing my data plan to tablet vs. smartphone. That didn't work either, so he changed the data back to smartphone. I then tried some new APN settings mentioned in this amazon review string (for cingular). Those didn't work either--until I did a factory reset of the phone. Then everything worked perfectly.I have also dropped the phone from eye level. I was framing a picture and my dog suddenly jerked the leash when she spotted a squirrel. I dropped the phone and it landed, fortunately, on a patch of dirt/grass next to the sidewalk. There were no scratches and everything continued to function as before. The case I had ordered hadn't arrived yet, so I count myself as lucky.Oh, and best of all, the Wacom stylus/writing feature is amazing! I use a Wacom tablet on my PC and this seems to work better. I don't have to struggle with any settings to get the pressure sensitivity to work and the stylus itself is very responsive. Another reviewer said he snapped a photo of his Christmas tree, added a note to it using the stylus and then sent it off. I tried the same thing and it all worked as advertised!The volume rocker and power button are in the same position, on opposite sides of the phone. I find I hit the volume rocker by accident sometimes, but that's just a minor quibble.Again, I give this phone 5 big stars: *****