Please refer to the title of my review and do not spend time reading it if you are well acquainted with smartphones..I am writing this for someone like me who is very new to this technology. The phone I switched from was an LG Chocolate and so I am used to a touch screen and some of the similar parts. I just wanted to note some aspects which took me some research to solve and thought it might save some time for newbies like myself. Verizon gave me this website which has several videos with simple demonstrations and some good, basic information. verizonwireless.com/workshops1. I chose this phone primarily for the superior camera. My first niece was born less than 3 weeks ago and I plan to take a multitude of photos. :) So far, I love the camera and I really haven't had time to explore it's many extras which look great.2. I wanted to load some of the photos from my computer to the phone so I connected with the USB cord that comes with the phone and copied them from Windows Pictures onto the phone's memory. I wish I could be more specific with how I did this but I don't recollect but I do remember it was relatively simple.3. What took me the longest to learn was how to put the pictures in files. I really wanted to stay as organized with them as possible. In researching this, I learned that you can place your "widgets" into files so that your camera appears less cluttered. You simply click and drag one on top of another and they are placed in a folder. You can place many items in these folders, create multiple folders, and title your folders. Your widgets are actually laid out in a grid and so I was able to narrow it down to 2 folders plus a clock and have this at the top, a personal pic, and then the bottom row of icons.4. I finally learned that to organize my pictures, I needed an ap, which, yay, is free. It's called ES file explorer and the video I watched regarding it was how to use your own music as ringtones. I was able to create personalized files for my photos and, so far, am extremely organized. Unlike my pics on my computer..which, to put it bluntly, are a clusteryouknowwhat. :)5. About that whole music as a ringtone aspect...worked on loading music the other night and it was a nightmare...tried to sync with Windows media player, which I had done many times with the Chocolate, and it downloaded ALL of my music and most of my pictures from my computer before I learned what it was doing. After lots of deleting (my cousin told me the same thing happened with her iphone) I just copied and pasted the songs and finally got what I wanted. Ugh...and that would be the reason I am writing this review...to hopefully save someone else the wasted time.6. This is a BIG phone...about twice the size of my Chocolate. But the pics look great on this large screen so I am going to adapt and get used to the change in size. I have had people comment on the size followed by how great the pics look so...Anyway, I hope some of this info helps and I really am enjoying this phone although it's been a huge learning curve for me.