Okay I just had to write a review because I was going to replace this 7 year old phone when I got a free insurance replacement, only to find out this phone is better than most new phones! Yeah it's only 3G but the kicker is the wifi is 150mbs! yeah 150, not 15, that means you don't need 3G or 4G for internet use. If you don't have access then this phone may not be for you, but I have access on the train, at the coffee shop, restaurants and if I'm at someone's house with no reception I can just turn on the wifi calling. An impressive way to test the ability of this phone is go into the youtube app and turn on the camcorder, then take a video and upload it, it will upload as fast as a laptop. If you don't go into the youtube app and record a video too long it wont upload though, the app stops it, but then you can just make clips. The camera takes high resolution pics that you can use as a desktop background on a 27" LCD monitor, the only catch is they have to be in day light or a room lit like daylight, because there is no flash and low light pics suffer, same with the camcorder. This phone has a dual microphone which means you hear everything and they hear you, especially on speaker phone. I could put this phone on speaker while I was cooking and they didn't even know they were on speaker. The android 2.0 is also the least glitchy they say and with a 32GB SD card you're right up there with the top new phones for storage. I could load albums of music and with some good tube headphones the frequency response is phenomenal, never needed an ipod at the gym with this phone in an armband. I have to admit I'm in the habit of using this size keyboard which only a few other phones have, but it's efficient because you can text from the palm of your hand and a thumb which is good for inopportune times. I also love the size which fits in a shirt pocket or even the front pocket of pants. Some reviews say the battery life is terrible, but what they don't tell you is all phones come with an extended battery which only adds about 2mm of thickness to the bottom half of the phone and keeps the phone charged all day. The extra battery is also convenient if your battery ever does die without a charger around because it holds a charge. Another great thing about this phone is it has a track pad on the back if your fingers are ever too dirty to use the screen. I never had a problem with the touch screen in 7 years and the only reason insurance replaced it was the keyboard light went out so I couldn't see the keys in the dark, but could still use the touch keyboard. The phone is solidly built and I like the rubberized plastic that seems to bounce and I have dropped it countless times and it was never damaged or flew apart like my Blackberrys did. If Motorola came out with this phone just the way it looks with all the new features of their best phones I think Blackberry would go out of business and I would have one perfect phone.