I had many different brands of phones in the past, and Nokia was the only one that always worked correctly.  I heard their quality started going downhill, but I though I would give them a chance anyway, as this isn't a one of the windows phone. Big mistake.The first phone I received was a dead brick.  However, I believe this was Amazon's fault and not Nokia's. These phones use NiMH batteries. When allowed to completely discharge, like when left sitting in a warehouse for a year, a NiMH battery cannot be recharged.  This was the only time I had to use Amazon's return/ exchange, and they were excellent. They sent me the replacement and set up and scheduled the UPS pickup of the defective phone.The replacement phone arrived in two days. It also was very close to being completely discharged, but not quite.  After leaving it plugged in all evening and overnight (about 12 hours), it finally had enough charge to light the red charging indicator light.  It than took about another 4 hours to completely charge. After than all the software problems started showing up and it was all downhill from there.The first thing you see after starting the phone is a prompt to setup a Nokia OVI store account. After telling it to cancel until later, the phone immedietly tries to download updates - through the cellular data connection. Someone needs to tell Nokia that not everyone has unlimited data plans and they should let us set the phone up before running up our bills.  I immediately canceled the downloads, and then could proceed to setup my wireless network for the data use and then I let the phone do updates. But of course, another stupid design decision from Nokia prevented the updates.  You have to be logged into the OVI account to get updates, but I could not setup or log into an OVI account from the phone until I got the Nokia store update. So I had to setup the account on my computer through their website, download and install the Nokia software, and through there, push the Nokia Store update to the phone.  Now a week after receiving the fist phone, I finally have a somewhat working phone.While the telephone is usable, many of the features and applications are not.  When trying to load Nokia maps, the phone will completely freeze 3 out of 4 times.  During the freeze, all of the buttons are unresponsive, including the hard reset.  The only solution is to let the phone sit for 20 to 30 minutes, at which point it will restart itself. This restart, however, takes about a half hour to completely load.  So don't thr to use the Nokia maps unless you don't need to make a phone call for at-least an hour.The phone has a built in FM transmitter, which I love for playing my MP3's through my car stereo. Unfortunately, after about half an hour (doesn't matter if your using the transmitter or not) the music player begins to report every file as having an error and being unplayable.  The only way to play music at this point is to reboot the phone, which takes 5 or 6 minutes.  If you insist on trying to play more mp3s without restarting the phone, the phone will freeze up for a few seconds and then reboot itself.As if that isn't enough, the phone randomly reboots itself about once a day without warning, each time taking 5 or 6 minutes to fully restart.If you do a Google search, you will find many, many people having these and numerous other problems.  The phone work fine for some people, others have one or a few problems, and others have a phone that's only good for a paperweight.  There are a few reports of Nokia tech support saying they are aware of at least some of the problems and are working on fixes, but there have been no updates since Symbian Belle was released in Feb 2012 - and Belle caused most of these problems.  I had the random reboot issues form the start, which was why I updated the software to Belle, which caused the other problems I have but did not fix the restart issue. And once you update to Belle, there is no going back.This phone has been so bad that I would replace it if I could afford too, and will never buy another Nokia product again.