I really want to like this phone -Blackberry has a pretty good phone reputation, but 3 weeks with this phone has left me underwhelmed.  I'm not interested in having an iPhone and I'm not an Android fan, so I thought this would be a good option for me.  With that said, I'm used to an HTC Windows Phone that I only stopped using due to service provider issues.  I'm used to having an awesome phone that's basically a mini-computer. Even though I'm used to my high performance WP, this Blackberry Curve *should* meet my needs in theory, but it's not looking so good at this point.Positives:It's a smartphone, so you've got email access, social media access, web, etc.It's got a pretty good camera.  I've been able to get some great shots of my fast-moving toddler with no blurring!It's pretty user friendly and setup is painless.Lots of good "accessory" apps like memo pad, voice dialing, lists, etc. that come installed.Negatives:It freezes up frequently.  I don't have tons of apps on this thing (3 to be exact) and I haven't had it a month yet, but it freezes to the point of needing to remove the battery at least once every two or three days.  I haven't had this thing long enough to be dealing with this!It takes a long time to reboot, which wouldn't be a huge issue if I didn't have to deal with the freezing issue, but I've had it take as long as 10 minutes.  What's up with that?The camera may be good, but the storage capacity isn't.  I've never had more than 15 pictures on here at one time without it telling me to use an SD card.  That's fine, but 15 unedited pictures on a device like this shouldn't be a problem, especially when I look and have tons of available storage. Even after deleting down to 7 pictures, it tells me that I have only enough memory for 1 more photo and that I'll need to delete more or insert the SD card.  That's ridiculous.If you're used to doing certain types of reading by phone, this isn't the phone for you.  For example, I use a Bible app to keep up with my daily reading.  The screen is so small that it's hard reading longer verses.  If a verse (or any type of sentence) takes up 4 or 5 lines, it's hard to read the whole sentence.  I scroll down to read the next line and it goes too far, I go back up to find it and it's back at the beginning of that verse.  It's really difficult to get back to the spot I'm looking for and sometimes I can't get to it at all.I'm also not impressed with the Blackberry App World, but that's not really a phone issue unless you're really into different apps.It's kind of cheap-looking and feeling.  I'm not a phone diva, but it honestly doesn't even feel like a $130 phone when I'm holding it (what I paid for it new in the box).So, in summary, it does the job - or some of the jobs (for now), but it comes with several nuisances that I'm just not used to having.