I am a first time amazon shopper, better said; internet shopper. I was a bit afraid at first but in the end I bought the cellphone from eXpansys Inc.. They were extremely courteous in responding all of my trivial questions about the delivery. The cellphone arrived in perfect conditions but unfortunately they gave me a UK charger but they included a US transformer adapter in the box. Overall, I am still very exultant about this phone because I always yearned for it. I am very perspicacious when it comes to technology, specially cellphones and computers. Oh! Also, I'm not sure if it was FedEx or eXpansys Inc. itself who did this but they were altruistic enough to include about 10 chocolate Hershey's bars in the box protecting the Galaxy S2's box, which was quite awesome.---Samsung made a really ingenious device which is the Galaxy S2. Although I am not completely satisfied with the build quality, I am aware this had to be done to make the phone so slim though. The phone is made almost entirely out of plastic and it is so light in weight, which is somewhat good and bad in my opinion. When I first got the FedEx delivery, I honestly thought the box was empty because it was so airy! When I unboxed the device and held it for the first time the phone was EXTREMELY light, so much that I feel like I'm holding a child's toy, this quite vexed me.The phone is a screamer when it comes to speed. With the dual core exynos chipset Samsung packed into this state of the art device, I have not had any lag whatsoever! The browsing speed is splendid and also I love that it has Flash Player.. you know... to watch some stuff on the internet..... . Also, the phone re-heats a quite bit when I play 3D-ish games, but nothing too much.The battery isn't so satisfying for me.  It only lasted one day with about 1 hour of internet browsing and about 40 minutes of gaming and about 1 or 2 hours of just fooling around (downloading apps, listening to music, etc), which I guess is not TOO bad but still something I thought I should mention. Nevertheless, for less insatiable customers like me, the phone is most likely to last you for 2 days (if you have WiFi off and other battery sucking stuff).The screen of this phone is AMAZING. It is truly amazing. The colors are flamboyant and lively anddd the black... ITS BLACK OK? ITS BLACK. Sometimes I cannot differentiate from the phone's black color from the screen.For me, having a camera with me at all times is definitely a compulsion for me. The superlative 8MP camera with flash is one of the best I have seen on a cellphone yet. Although it's really good, it probably will not replace your Kodak, etc. Still is a true pleasure to have. The phone also packs a 2MP front facing camera which I must not so fecund. The pictures come out blanched most of the time but still good enough for video calls and self portraits.Lastly, I think Samsung did a great job on the TouchWhiz 4.0 UI on top of Android. I love the capable and momentous UI better than any other UI I have ever tested (such as HTC Sense). TouchWhiz 4.0 provides a very intuitive and relishing experience. I love the ability it has to re-size widgets and ample amount of features Samsung has generously put into TouchWhiz 4.0.Overall, a BEAST phone. I absolutely love it except perhaps for the battery and built-quality. Moreover, you should not let that keep you from buying this phone unless you're just looking for luxury to show off to your friends. I am sure the fast performance will be enough to leave your friends talking about your phone for weeks.I am very satisfied with this cellphone.I also strongly recommend you buying it from eXpansys Inc., they were really nice and such. Although I do not take any blame or responsibility for anything.