(Disclaimer)...Since there are no separate reviews for this phone on the Straight Talk network here on Amazon, I decided to put one here.We do offer Boost Mobile in Nebraska but it is limited to the large cities so this review does apply to the phone and less to the provider.I've had my Straight Talk Blackberry 9310 for about two weeks now and am pretty happy with it. My previous BB was a Javelin 8900 which was on a different carrier but I used it for two years. Switched to a Samsung B2710 but recently went to Straight Talk when I saw the 9310 show up on the scene.Overall, I would say the user experience is similar to the 8900, all of the usual BB features are there. While I haven't tried to connect it to my Playbook with BB Bridge, I've read that Straight Talk blocks this. While I don't agree with this, I could see how it might cause you to start using data like crazy which the company doesn't want.Battery wise, I would say that I get the same life per charge as I did on my 8900. I can use it off and on all day and I'm down to about 75% at the end of the night. Should be able to get about two days of general use. The battery on this thing is massive but when I compare the 9310 to the 8900 side by side, the 9310 is much sleeker but the weight feels about the same. The buttons are a bit sleeker on the 9310 and sealed with a plastic/rubber covering. There is one feature of the 8900 that I would give anything to have on my 9310 and that is the screen. I can't quote the resolution off the top my my head but the 8900 is much sharper in a side by comparison and I'm sure it packs more pixels overall.Call quality is pretty good and is on par with my 8900 even though I am now technically using Verizon's antennas and with a different carrier. There are some times where the voice quality can get a bit garbled but I blame the carrier and not the phone because in general the voice quality is fine.I do love the fact that my accessories such as headset and power charger are compatible from the 8900 but one thing I would like to do, simply so I wouldn't have to pack an extra charger when I travel is use my Playbook charger with my 9310. While I've read this is possible, I have also heard some horror stories about how this fried or messed up the batteries of certain BB phones so for now, I wont be using the PB charger on the Curve.For $45 for the unlimited minute, text and data plan, I really can't complain and Straight Talk has been around long enough that I don't think it is going away any time soon. Don't get me wrong, I would have loved to have kept using my 8900 but at $90 per month that just was not going to happen.Minor annoyances...the screen not being as sharp on the 9310 as the 8900, no included headset with the ST package but other than that, the phone has been a piece of cake to use and is holding up nicely. Some people complain that the back of the phone is too slick or looks cheap as it is a shiny gloss plastic, but I keep my 9310 in a case/cover at all times so that isn't an issue with me. I actually liked going back to BB OS and after a few hours was completely comfortable with the phone. I do wish the phone would continue to ring as I retrieve it from by pocket as you can mute the ringer accidentally (or intentionally) by brushing the sensor pad so there are times when I take a second look at the phone to make sure I didn't accidentally end the car. Last thing, the keys are spaced in a way that I haven't totally adapted to using them or being able to type quickly but I will get here. I loved the slightly slanted keys of the 8900 as my fingers could grip them just right.Out of pocket, I paid $129 and $45 for the data plan but I was ready to switch phones anyway and after a month or two, i would have recovered my losses. I'm pretty happy and think it is a solid purchase and in my area, one of the few options out there for getting a prepaid BB plan. Yeah, I could have gone with Straight Talks monthly prepaid SIM plan and continued using my 8900 for only $45 per month but with no AT&T; home coverage that wouldn't be possible.