I bought this to replace my Samsung Galaxy Y, which is not a bad phone but I kept running out of space on the actual phone. Even putting a 32gb sd card didn't help. It only has 128mb on the phone. Also the old phone had such a small screen that some things got cut off. Enough about my old phone. This new phone, this Sony phone, is great. Although does have some minor things that might get on my nerves. The main issue is that when you send texts and I automatically get a reply about message being relayed. Which was not an issue on the old phone but when doing a google on it. I found some black berries also having that issue with the same phone service that I have. it sounds like that is not something you can change at least nothing I can find says how to change that. I don't mind it being relayed I just don't want to be notified. Another issue is email notifications do not always work. I mean email works it just does not always seem to notify you. The gmail notifications do work. I did a google on that one as well and actually found some one talking about sony xperia but not this one, an older one. I am not sure which one he was talking about but he had this same issue and could not find a fix for it. He also suggested getting the Samsung Galaxy S3. I would get one of those but they are a lot more money then this phone.Any way I do like this phone even with the minor issues listed above. Oh wait I just remembered another issue that is not a major one either. This new phone does not work with my FM transmitter. I have no idea why either as it uses a standard head phone jack to connect to the phone. Any way again I do like the phone and I like that things are not cut off and I am not longer running out of room on the phone.Update to this review. I now give it 3 stars instead of 4. Main reason. Some times it will lock up and you have to remove the battery as none of the buttons work to get it to come back on correctly. It is a pain to remove the battery as well. Another issue is when the phone restarts either after pulling the battery or just restarting it. The phone comes back on and starts making random sounds. This is not my rington nor does it stop after a while. The first time it did this the thing made random sounds for almost an hour. I was on the other phone so could not pull my attention to trying to get it to stop instead I just covered it until I was off the other phone. I can stop it by swiping from the top to the bottom and hitting clear even if there is nothing to clear. This stops it. I have yet to figure out what causes this or why.