I bought this phone at Walmart, like others have. I got it coming off three years with AT&T; on an iPhone! That's right, I moved from an iPhone to this little puppy...LOL. When my iPhone 3GS quit working and was no longer able to be revived, despite my best efforts, I needed a phone to get me through, until I decided what to do. I REALLY hate contracts, and as much as I wanted a nice shiny new iPhone 4S, there was no way I was going to (1) go on another two year contract, or (2) pay the high premium for buying it off contract. So this was a a temporary fix, but after using it a few days, I decided that I am sticking with this phone for a while! :)The purchase included all the needed accessories...wall charger, car charger, wired hands free (will never be used) set, and cell phone case, which I have yet to use either. Also came with double minutes for life, which is really what sold me. I am not a huge cell talker, and mostly used my iPhone for data, so when I actually figured out the amount of money I was paying AT&T; for a per minute charge, it was more than DOUBLE what I would pay with TracFone. I stand to save almost $1000 a year by using this baby!I love the size and weight of this phone. It is so incredibly light, especially when you consider what I was carrying. And I am not all concerned about losing it, scratching it, breaking it, etc. I mean its about one of the cheapest phones out there. If that happens I will just replace it. Not problem at all. Not like replacing a smart phone. I don't even use the case, I just toss it in my pocket or purse and go. Sometimes I even forget its in my pocket, its so light.Turning the phone to silent mode is simple, as is locking the keypad (I noticed another review complaining about pocket dialing, but locking the keypad is just a push of a button and it won't do that anymore).Now, for my data fix, I am using a Virgin Mobile MiFi with 1GB data plan for $20. It works perfectly with my brand new iPod Touch, which takes the place of my iPhone data center now, as well as pairs with my iPad, if I happen to need it when out and about. Between this dumb phone, my MiFi, and my iPod, I essentially have an iPhone at a HUGE yearly savings! All three devices together actually even weigh less than my old iPhone 3GS! And each does what they are designed to do extremely well. :)My only major complaint is the lack of a 3.5mm headphone jack and bluetooth on this phone. Now bluetooth technology I can understand not being included, at this price point, but the manufacturer should have given it a standard 3.5mm jack, as opposed to the funky jack it has now. Oh, well. I can live with it for the price of the phone, for sure. ;)Now I feel better knowing that I am paying for only the minutes I am using to talk and the minutes I am using for data from VM. Before I had huge AT&T; bills and never came anywhere near using the minutes I was paying for.