I had been in the market for a good prepaid phone for voice and texting that comes with a full keyboard. The prepaid choices that come with full keyboards are quite limited. Luckily I found the Rumor 2 for Virgin Mobile.This phone has a good keyboard that slides out from underneath, with well spaced keys to avoid misclicks or double clicks, which should help with people who have bigger fingers. Also it has a decent sized screen for a phone of it's type. Font sizes are adjustable for messages and the notepad if your eyesight isn't the best. The menus are easy to navigate so it is not hard to find tools, settings and such. I find making calls or sending messages to people in the contact list a breeze. Each contact can have multiple phone numbers and email addresses that are easy to cycle through. In the past I have had a phone that required a separate listing for each number which just cluttered up the list. There are buttons on the side to quickly adjust ring tone volume and earpiece volume during a call. The phone looks nice too, as in not garish colors which is important for some people. The camera works well, nothing spectacular but it does the job. The battery life has been good for me so far. The only negative I have found so far is that the phone smudges and shows fingerprints easily, which to me is not a big deal but it can bother some.The Virgin Mobile service is excellent. Signing up is very easy and only took a few minutes on their website. The account page is well organized, showing your remaining minutes and account balance right up top. I am a low usage user so I signed up for the basic rates with my initial top-up card (using it as a dollar amount for my account rather than minutes). This way calls are billed per minute or per text and it's deducted from your account balance. Virgin's rates are cheaper than Verizon and AT&T; using this method. If you prefer you can use your top-up card as a minute pack for cheaper per minute cost but they expire in 30 days. All you need to do is keep your account topped up every 90 days or 1 year to keep the account active. In my case when I signed up and used a 20 top up card I had my service extended to 1 year even though normally it's only good for 90 days. Plus I also got 20 bonus minutes and 20 bonus texts for signing up via the website. Most likely I will have to add more money to the account before the year is up though.I am quite satisfied with both the phone and Virgin Mobile. It is a nice upgrade from my TracFone since they don't seem interested and selling any full keyboard phones for their service.During the sign up process you can use Kickback Code VJUW6XDo for 60 free bonus minutes (plus 20 more for using their website for a total of 80) which are used before any other minutes or money on your account.