I bought the Motorola Pebl because it seemed to have loads of features, all while looking so cute.To try and avoid any problems since there isn't a warranty on international Moto phones used in the US, I chose to get a new Pebl. It came in original packaging and pristine as you would expect for new. The charger was made to work in Europe, but it did come with an adapter and works as well as anything. The language was set to Italian, since that's one of the countries where they still sell them new. Changing it to English was simple, but that's most likely because I've had many Motos and am used to what's where on the menu. The user guide is in many languages, including English, and easy to use.As far as how the phone works in general, it is very useful and reliable. It gets the best signal of any phone I've ever had, and I've never had trouble hearing anyone or getting calls. The battery life is great, it can easily go four days without a charge, and usually I don't charge it more than once a week.For the price, its features are just great. The interface is clean, typical Moto. It has bluetooth, although I've never used it and can't say if it's reliable in that way. The camera is perfect for capturing quick moments - those times when you want a picture to remember something, but you don't have the or forgot it - both in still and in video. It has a voice recorder, good for quick notes. It comes with loads of good, preloaded ringtones that sound rich and get your attention. The couple megabites worth of memory is plenty for about twenty, 30-second videos or about 90 full-sized pictures. You an download and upload pics, sounds, and videos onto the Pebl, all you need is MobilePhoneTools 4.0 or higher, which I bought on Amazon for less than $5 including shipping. Also, the spring-open feature is kind of a neat little "trick." When you slide the front of it down, and release your grip on the front, it pops open to reveal the smooth inside of the little clamshell.Despite being reliable and having many features, it does have a couple problems. First is the fact that it cannot send or receive files via MMS, which may have something to do with the fact that it thinks it's roaming (doesn't affect your charges, the Pebl is just made to think it's from Italy), but it could just be a problem with my pumpkin. Another problem is not having expandable memory, which, combined with a megapixel camera, would make this phone perfect.Overall, my Moto Pebl has been an enjoyable and reliable phone. I absolutely love it, and have gotten many complements on its bright and fun color. If a good camera and expandable memory are top on your priorities, but you want the cute Pebl look, I would suggest the Moto Pebl U9, about twice the cost of the U6 but with improved features. Personally, the U9 will probably be my next phone because the Pebls are just too great to not get another one. :)