Starting things off, I am a 19yearold male from NJ, coming from previous phones of a Nokia 6101, RAZR1.2, Nokia N95, and now this flashy, new, white, E71.This review is for Nokia E71 Unlocked Phone with 3.2 MP Camera, 3G, Media Player, GPS and Free Vocie Navigation, Wi-Fi, and MicroSD Slot--U.S. Version with Warranty (White)Summary.CONS- True Multitasking: I have run over 25 apps concurrently.- PC Sync capable: the provided PC Suite is powerful and useful.- SLIM SLIM SLIM: Ridiculous, it feels less than the advertised 10mm depth (which is about half its competitors).- Call quality: This may be a network-dependent (I use T-MobileUSA), but this thing is clear and loud. Callers frequently thought I was on a landline, and the bluetooth connection (to a Samsung headset) was bulletproof it seemed, even from 30 feet away. I have never seen a device power bluetooth that far (at any good quality at least).- Fast: My N95 felt sluggish at time with all the things running, this phone has yet to slow down while running apps (with 25 at once, as mentioned above).- Fantastic keyboard: I always thought T9 was incredible, coming first-time to a QWERTY and could not be happier.- Sound design: Looks good, feels good, feels tough (it is made of stainless steel as well, thing feels quite solid).- Battery life: Coming from a N95 I am used to charging almost every night. This thing has lasted 4 days with heavy WiFi usage, camera usage, intensive texting.- GPS: I do not pay for a data plan, and the included GPS and the newly revised Nokia Maps 3.0 is great. I get FREE turn-by-turn directions with voice, all running off my handset, with no internet needed! It works reasonably well, possibly better in walking situations and POI lookups then driving (it can be slow at updating sometimes).- Software/Operating system: Symbian may not be popular in the US, but it is the most popular OS in EU and Asia (one of the most popular). Nokia rules the market segments there, and the OS has tons of applications (newly launched Ovi Store). It may be out of date and due for a refresh, but it just works.CONS- "Outdated" OS: It is not as flashy as iPhone or even newer Android devices. Does not have "150,000" apps either.- This model is business focused: Applications included do not go to media side (as seen in the music player).- Camera: This was the saddest fact for me. I am coming from the 5MP Zeiss lens on the N95, which took incredible photos (sometimes equal to an SLR in daytime, depending on the photographer's skills). I expected similar, but less detailed (3.2 MP verse 5MP) on this. Unfortunately, Nokia seems to have messed up, with photos being sometimes blurry, almost always with a purple tint, and generally not good. Night photos are barely usable, as the flash is too weak and cannot accentuate details enough.- White color: I personally like the white color now after using it, maybe recommend the all black E71x (from AT&T;, sometimes available unlocked), or the regular grey/black E71 (other color sold by Nokia, unlocked). This can be described as a "pimp" phone by some. Also picks up fingerprints easily, but what phone does not?CONCLUSIONBuy this if you need a reliable handset, that is used for heavy typing and web usage, and general "business-y" things, the E71 will not let you down. Its strengths lie in an OS that just works with little issues, problem-free WiFi, 3G, a GPS that actually works, and little need for charging. If you are looking for a multimedia handset, do not be swayed by the flash support (which is great), or the media player; look at the new Nokia X6 or Expressmusic phones or N series. If you buy this phone for the right reasons, you will not be disappointed, guaranteed.