Prior to getting this phone, I had a Nokia 5800 XpressMusic, so this was a pretty big upgrade for me.Looking at the discussions for this phone after I ordered it, I was afraid that I would be getting the LT30at but thankfully what came in the mail was a LT30p as advertised.  Just a heads-up, the adapter that I got was a UK one, so I had to order another one, although you can just charge the phone with the USB cable that is included. Also, the phone uses a microsim card. It also came with a screen protector.  The phone is beautifully designed. There is a slight curve in the back which makes it easier to hold, although it's already rubber on the back, which is really comfortable. Putting in the SIM card was somewhat of a pain, as it wouldn't register the first few times I put it in. I'd advise you to just keep it in and not fiddle with it once the phone registers it. I haven't added a microSD card yet, but the ability to do so is also a plus.  The display is really nice, but I was able to pick out individual pixels in the dark when I went to settings. Normally you wouldn't notice them, though. It's also really easy to see the display even in the sun.  I've had the phone for two weeks and I've noticed some lag when I turn on the phone in the loading of the weather widget as well as album pictures on the left and right home screens, respectively. Also, the phone started to lag pretty badly once I downloaded a game from the Play store and started playing it. It sometimes took a few seconds for the phone to wake up after I pressed the power button. So I uninstalled the app and factory reset the phone. I felt rather disappointed although to be honest I was playing for a few hours and the screen got pretty hot. My phone is back to normal after the reset, although the turn-on lag still persists.  The battery on the phone is acceptable. It usually doesn't drop below 80% and I charge it every day. If you play a lot of games, though, it will die pretty quickly. You can enable stamina mode in the settings, which will turn off wifi use when the screen is off. I don't know how much of an impact it makes, but at least you have the option.  Checking email on the phone is really easy. If you have a Gmail account, the phone will automatically check for email and will notify you when you have new mail. Even if you don't the email app is easy to set up and it's really quick to check for new mail from there.  The camera is great and I don't have any complaints. If you want to use the sleep to snap to take pictures quickly from the lock screen, you need to set that option in the camera settings. The focus is a little off when you do that, but it's doesn't make a huge difference.  Another thing I like about the phone is that you can change its language to almost anything and you can input text in a lot of different languages as well. To change the input language you need to change the keyboard, which is separate from the language of the phone.  I use my phone to play music sometimes, and the sound is pretty nice. It doesn't really drain the battery very much as well, if you keep the screen off. Speaking of the sound, one thing I didn't know at first was that the alarm won't go off if your phone isn't on. I don't really like to keep my phone on all night, so this was rather annoying.Here's a summary of the pros and cons I found:Pros:- fast in general- great camera- very clear display- aesthetically pleasingCons:- gets laggy with certain apps/screen gets hot- lowers quality of photos you uploadOverall, I'm pretty satisfied with the phone. It does what I need it to do well, is really fast overall, and has an appealing design with a great camera. I still wish there was less lag when it turned on, but it doesn't make a big difference in the long run.Edit May 11, 2013: Lowered quality when uploading is not the phone's fault. It happens when I use my computer too.