I purchased this phone about 6 months ago, through AT&T.; I read some great reviews on the phone, and the technical specs were pretty impressive.Pros: -Powerful: A  quad core CPU allows this phone to operate at blazingly fast speeds. Android 4.1 really shines with quad core, and with these specs, the phone is as functional and beautiful as the iPhone 5, if not more so. Video and games are no issue.-Beautiful and large screen: The screen is really impressive, and huge! I actually do tend to watch videos from the phone, which I never really did with previous devices. I'd put this on par with the iPhone Retina displays.- Powersave mode: This is a great feature! All phones should have this. The phone actually has a 5th CPU core, which allows the phone to use this low-power core when power-save mode is on and the display is turned off. Essentially, the phone will turn off all push data, and any unneeded services are not used. In this mode, my battery can last 2-3 days, depending on how much I use it. This is great for someone like me who spends the majority of their day in front of a PC anyway. You will still receive calls and texts, but you will not receive any notifications for things like Facebook messages, Twitter, etc.Most of the other improvements for me really have to do with the Android 4.1 OS. It's such an improvement over pre-4 versions that it's really a whole new OS in my opinion.Cons:-Buggy: I have two issues with this phone and both seem to be known issues. First, the phone will display a "No SIM card" message fairly frequently. I will have to reboot to get it working again. Sometimes this will happen 4-5 times in a day, causing me to miss calls and texts. This seems to be a well know issue, as I found a number of references to it by Googling. I contacted HTC and received a number of canned responses and was essentially told I'd need to RMA my device.-Poor Bluetooth audio quality: Using a Bluetooth headset, calls are very poor quality. In some cases, I have a hard time hearing people at all. Music quality over Bluetooth speakers is also terrible. I'm not sure how this device even passed HTC quality assurance with this issue, but it is unacceptable. Again, HTC claims they have no knowledge of this issue and that I need to RMA it, even though there are numerous references to this issue online.-Battery life: Simple put, it's terrible if you're not using Powersave mode. Especially if you turn on WiFi. With WiFi on and BLuetooh enabled, my battery last less than a day if I do not have Powersave enabled.- Size: It's a fairly big phone. Yes, it's super thin, but the width and height are larger than usual. People comment on how big my phone is. I actually don't mind it most of the time, because the size is due to the screen size.SummaryDue to the bugs, I'd recommend looking at another phone. Myself, I have to buy another phone and try to sell this one. The bugs are just unacceptable for me. And HTC's customer service is terrible. It's not likely I'll ever buy another HTC device again. Phone manufacturers should realize that it's difficult for most of us to RMA a phone. Just get it right the first time and we won't have to. Apple does it, why can't you?