Nokia E63-2 Unlocked Cell Phone with 2 MP Camera, 3G, Wi-Fi, Media Player, MicroSD Slot--U.S. Version with Full U.S. Warranty (Ultramarine Blue)I just got this phone a week ago 07/01/2009.  All prior reviews were right on the money.  This phone is truly a quality product.  I just want to comment on 2 cool features and its practical application that no one yet has mentioned as follows:1. All songs and/or any other sound bite you upload to the phone or micro SD card (including the ones you recorded using the phone's recorder) can be used as ring tones - FREE OF CHARGE.  My sons tell me they have to buy ring tones for their iPhones at $1 each song and a buck more to crop a 30-second ring tone out of the entire song.2. You know how these big companies record conversations between customer service agents and customers for "training and quality assurance purposes", and days later could not refer back to a playback of the recorded conversation to settle an issue/dispute ... well, with my trusty Nokia E63-2, I can now use its recorder to record all customer service phone interactions I will have.  And I will let them know it "to ensure you satisfy my needs as your customer and get assurance that you will do whatever we agree on to make things right".  So now, if these companies can't produce their recordings for whatever reason, I'd just play mine for their listening pleasure.I gave this phone a 5-star rating as it met, and even exceeded, all the functional requirements I predefined as part of my smart phone selection process.I'm also happy with the usual professional order processing and prompt hand-over of the package to the courier administered by Amazon.com.I wish I could say the same thing about UPS as far as this delivery is concerned.  While the UPS driver did deliver the package on time (2-day shipping/"2nd Day Air"), I found the package inside my backyard right beside our locked 6-foot metal sheet gate and hollow block fencing alongside the alley.  This begs the question on how the package got over the 6-foot gate and fencing.  I can't help but think the cellphone (with all the sensitive electronics in it) that I bought just got dropped from 6 feet in the air onto the concrete floor.I just wished the UPS delivery person who walked 15+ paces from the curb to my rear gate took a short-cut to my front door (which is just 10 steps from the curb) where I would have received and signed for the package, and thanked him for the prompt yet careful handling and delivery of my package.Nevertheless, the phone seems to be working fine having tested most of its features.  I hope I don't need to return it because of any future malfunction or internal damage that's plausible considering the way it was handled/delivered.Amazon.com is my preferred online source for quality products.  I hope it also tracks performance and complaints about its designated couriers to ensure end-to-end customer satisfaction.