The following review is from my husband(I bought it as a big present for him)After owning Nokia 808 for over 30 days I could say that I am willing to keep it for another couple years.  By the way, I have Iphone 4S and other android devices too.  If you still on the edge of thinking about whether or not to use this phone as your primary phone.  Just ask yourself the simple question "Have you ever felt lost to the moments when you saw something that is totally worthwhile and you just happen to forgot to bring your camera?"  The results of the pictures just simply unbeatable.  You can check the pictures on flickr, they are all over the place these days.Now I can sell my point and shoot canon ELPH 100.  Oh forgot this "phone"  also works as a Garmin GPS.  Now I can sell my Garmin nuvi 3790.  By the way, this "phone" also works as a FM transmitter.  So I am selling my Iphone 4S Belkin FM transmitter too.  The music quality of this "Phone" (Dolby Digital Plus), no kidding I sold my Zune HD already.  The Dolby function on music difference is night and day (makes my klipsch x10 and Monster Turbine came to life).  So the phone weight 169 g and I just throw away stuffs that weight about 1000 g in total from my back pack.Exchange mailbox, gmail, hotmail, and other mailbox work flawlessly.  I make gmail my exchange mailbox so the gmail calendar sync automatically without any further setting.  Got it connect to my home network which is an Asus RT-N10 flash with ddwrt, never drop once.  Connect to enterprise network without any problem too.I am an honest hard working guy who doesn't like to spend my precious free time on mobile gaming.  So not many games on this "Phone", not even a problem for me.  Moreover, I can always find the utility software that I need.  Quick office and Microsoft office mobile are pre-installed, so I am able to open all kinds of office documents all the way from word file to PDF and anything in between.  Even office Onenote is pre installed.I have seen other reviews written by other wonderful reviewers.  So in order to make myself a little bit more contributing to this awesome "phone".  Let me get a little bit deeper into the connectivity function of this device.  Yes, we know it have HDMI and DLNA and they worked perfectly.  I did other experiments such as connect it to xbox usb and tend to play the pictures ,video, and music directly from xbox.  Guess what? it works perfectly too.  Just switch the usb connection on the phone to "Mass storage mode" or "Media transfer".  I can now view my pictures and watch videos directly on my projector/HDTV which xbox connected to.About the stability of the phone and system.  It did crash three time on first couple days, I was very nervous at that time.  The reason about the crash, I would say because third party apps.  Most of the third party software are full of bugs and keep running in background even you intend to close the program.  I uninstalled these third party apps, even the anti virus apps that came with the phone.  Currently, I only trust the apps from Nokia recommendation and some apps that have really reliable reviews.  I have not encounter another crash ever since.Did I mention it is unlock "Phone" as a real phone should be, so AT&T;, Tmobile, and XXOO telecom I don't care, all of them work.  I do frequent international travel and that solves my problem.  Overall, I would say this "phone" is a phone with an unique style, buy it if you are the kind of person who really knows what you want (ex. want great pictures which can last forever).