The Lumia 928 seems to epitomize the  saying of being close but no cigar.  There are a lot of good things in the phone that are more than praiseworthy.  Yet there are also just enough misses to make it tough to live on a platform with little traction.First, the UI is sweet!  There really isn't a better interface on the other platforms.  Microsoft should be given accolades for finding the right mix of form, functionality, and customization.  The lack of color options, however, is a detraction as the monochrome nature of the interface can cause eye strain.  Additionally, although Bluetooth is available, MS has restricted the use of some devices such as keyboards. Granted the virtual keyboard is fabulous, but sometimes one just wants a proper tactile keyboard. This is one of those moments where the phone gets close, but not quite.  Its got Bluetooth, but not the way it should.Similarly, the "gloved mode" of the touchscreen was a major selling point. Alas, by glove they mean something such as a batting glove.  Winter and decent leather gloves won't work.  NFC is available on the phone, but you cannot transfer files to Android devices which are far more prominent than other Windows phones.  The often mentioned Kids Corner works - but is not the separate login you might think.  Also advertised is that the phone comes with free music services.  Indeed, both Nokia Music and Pandora are free.  Pandora, however, is free only until the end of the year and the Nokia Music is no better than other services - unless you pay for the premium version.Another big selling point is the camera.  This was the biggest letdown. While good for a smartphone, the depth of the pictures taken paled in comparison to the iPhone and Galaxy.  The Lumia also added a bluish tint to the pictures.  Nothing horrendous but certainly something distracting. Admittedly, the low light pictures were better than on other smartphones but worse than on many point and shoot or slr cameras.  The Panorama mode also was somewhat frustrating as you have to match each shot with a little circle that appears.  If as you're moving the camera becomes uncertain where you are, then you have to start that shot again.  This can cause a panorama shot to take a few minutes to successfully shoot.  Admittedly, having the "lens" options is a very cool feature that other OSs should emulate.  Especially since there are relatively few useful lenses on the Windows ecosystem.As for the more standard functions, such as outgoing and incoming calls, the Lumia failed here.  For some reason the phone would have a tendency to make the call fade in and out or add static.  Someone suggested it has to do with the placement of the attena in the phone.  When the static or fading didn't happen the call was relatively clear with people on the other end remarking that I was as clear as if I were on a landline.  Its nice that WP8 offers caller announce.  Its unfortunate, however, that there is no notification center and there won't be one until at least sometime in 2014.Browsing the web was fast with the compression that IE10 offers.  Some sites, however, still don't render perfectly (whether you choose mobile or desktop version) and trying to close popups or jquery windows can become bothersome if not outright impossible.  This, however, might also have been related to the problem of the touchscreen sometimes being just slightly off and having to press above the desired point rather than directly on it.  It would, however, be prudent for IE to have a forward button.  The data sense provided by Verizon is something that should be emulate$ every carrier on every OS.Music playback through the headphones was exceptionally clear though lacking on the speaker.  Windows Phone, however, does have a problem playing aac or wav files.  The speech system offerred by Microsoft is pretty good at identifying what was said by the user, although not so good at actually doing what was asked.  In other words, when you record a note, it will be reasonably (not perfectly) accurate in what you say (and even keep a copy of your voice with the text).  If you give it a command, however, don't expect it to actually do what you ask.  Mostly that is because of the paltry number of command.  This will likely improve as more apps make use of the speech functions (currently many apps skip that functionality).The apps, of course, are perhaps the biggest thing hurting Windows Phones right now. True, Nokia's mapping applications are the best out there (shows speed, can eliminate tolls/highways/etc. from your trip), Skype is fully integrated, and there is even Microsoft Office.  There is, however, a very long list of missing apps.  Even the ones that are present are subpar or costlier when compared to their counterparts on IOS and Droid. Many don't integrate Live Tiles.  Even the ones that do, have a tendency to freeze, rendering the app to be little more than an icon on the alphabetized app list.  To have a chance at unfreezing it you either have to do a hard re-boot or uninstall/reinstall.  The Live Tiles and Voice integration could slay the apps on IOS - but only if companies are willing to develop them for the approximately 3% of global smartphone users with a Windows Phone.Ultimately, this is a phone with so much potential.  It feels great to hold and can do many things.  Its too bad that many of those things just come up a tad short.