NOTE: I would give this phone 1.5 stars if possible.A little background... I had a 2+ year old Droid 2 Global (on Verizon) before it gave up the ghost. Several email & social networks accounts setup on it ...and ~420 apps installed (which includes the Verizon unused Bloatware) ...granted, a lot of the apps not used regularly. 512 MB RAM, 8 GB of internal storage and 8 GB microSD card. Only complained of low storage after downloaded a movie or two from Google Play.Onto this quadband phone...Purpose for the phone (besides replacement) was to try alternate carriers (besides Verizon) to see if worth switching ...and also wait to see if next wave of new droid phones were worth upgrading to versus keeping this generic (Galaxy S3 clone) older / lower expense one.PROS:-Great bundle of items as listed ...plus came with 2 covers ...one with & another without a flip cover.-Can have 2 (full size) SIM cards installed ...but need to toggle what feature (Voice, Video, Data, Messaging) is used for given SIM-Works with T-Mobile (no contract / unlimited plan) ...but only 2G speeds (expected issue after some additional research) at least in New England area. Note, 3G+ for T-Mobile requires 2 frequency bands ...but the phone has only one of them.-Crisp clear screen (...barring direct sunlight).-Nice battey life for a smart phone (...over a day if minimal data or wifi is used).-Works internationally, used in Europe.--The T-Mobile SIM transitioned to roaming under "Optimus"  ...but very expensive ...did not used ...but nice to have as a backup.--Purchased pre-pay "Vodafone" SIM (w/ talk & text ...no data option) ...very good reception and call quality.-Quick load \ start up time.NEUTRAL:-Misleading packaging. Screen film states phone as quad processor ...no, it is dual. Mentions NFC, not that I could find. BUT neither of these 2 items are mentioned in the Amazon listing so they were not expected ...nor deal breakers for me.CONS:-Random shutoffs ...This may be an isolated build (quality) issue. During the 1st week, started noticing that phone was turned off when I would take it out of my (shirt and/or pant) pocket to use. Originally thought something put accidental pressure on the switch which caused it to turn off. Turns out phone is very sensitive any taps / bumps that automatically causes shutoff with no warning. This includes placing (...not dropping) phone on a table ...or even tapping the dial out button too hard ...will turn of the phone. ...NOT good if expecting call(s) ...and your phone is off. Shouldn't need to check every 10 - 15 minutes to confirm that the phone is on.-Whac-a-mole: Phone calibration is very erratic (and I did try calibrating the phone sensors several times). When making calls where dial pad is needed during the call (i.e. checking / navigating voice mail), the screen would go in and out of "screen saver mode". Felt like I was playing an unwanted game of "Whac-a-mole" where the call would eventually disconnect before I had a chance complete the dial pad navigation.-Phone storage: Amazon listing states "Internal memory: 4GB(Note: The operate system and Apps take some spaces, so only show 2GB + 502MB)". Listing is misleading. Yes, internally it showed ~1.8 GB and 450+ MB of available space. BUT, apps that require "internal" storage will ONLY use the  "500" MB portion. The 'other' 2 GB portion is an "either / or" situation in that you either use it as "external" 'phone storage' versus "external" 'microSD card storage'. Myself, I had installed a 32GB microSD card ...and defaulted to that (not the included available 1.8 GB). Based on Amazon's listed information, I knew that I would not be able to have my previous 400+ apps installed on this phone. Initially only had a little over a hundred installed. As time went on, the cache & data increased (mostly from email and social apps), so I found myself slowly removing other less frequently used apps. Now, this depends on the apps installed as some can be completely installed to the external storage. Not the case for my primary apps.I will keep the phone given the low price but will be looking to buy another phone ...and probably give this one to my son to use the WIFI connection and play his games on it.Given the shortage of app storage and mainly power downs & "screen offs", it did not fit my needs ...nor reliable enough for me.Side note, phone was fulfilled by Amazon from ProntoTec.---------------------UPDATE...By November (less than 6 months after purchase), the phone is no longer usable. Had to handle the phone 'delicately'. Any minor bounce or bump would turn off the phone ...causing me to miss calls ...or disconnect in middle of conversation. Also portion of screen lost sensitivity resulting at times not be able to easily enter the PIN to log in ...had to be very precise in specific area to touch just enough of the edge of the PIN number ...and regular navigation on screen was difficult due to usable touch area.