So, I got on the iPhone bandwagon the day after Christmas 2009; I remember this so vividly because my mother upon seeing me pull an old ratty tiny (non-smart-phone) from my pocket was in shock. She asked if that was my cell-phone to which I boldly answered "YES"... Her next statement had me laughing so hard I had tears in my eyes; "don't you ever let a woman see you take that phone out of your' pocket, it does not fit your' life-style". My parents are the LEAST tech savvy people possibly on earth.., well close to it. So I figured if my mother thought that way about my phone I better do something about it, so off I went to the Apple store as I already owned a Mac Mini (now I own 2 Mac Minis).So here we are in 2012 and I am the owner of an iPhone 3GS an Apple Magic Mouse and Track-pad and 2 Mac Minis along with a Kindle Fire (2011 version) and a first gen iPad 32gb/wifi. I like Apple products if it is not apparent.My 3GS is a bit long in the tooth (I know), but honestly I didn't see anything in the 4 or 4S that would make me want to part with cash or own it. Facetime...don't care; Siri, Perhaps it would have been fun to play around with and  I may have even found it helpful. I decided to await the iPhone 5, surely it would be something to become excited about. So I go check it out and I am not the least bit impressed,  well, that is not entirely true I think the build quality is great but the interface simply looks like more of the same thing I have lived with since 2009. Faster yes, sharper image yes but I mean come on... to quote Al Pacino (movie: HEAT)... "GIVE ME ALL YA GOT"!!!!. My 3GS was never painfully slow anyway.So the choice was the Galaxy S3, the Lumia 920 or the iPhone 5.I chose the Lumia and boy was I nervous about that choice. As I stated my iPhone simply works and does a good job at that. But I was yearning for a newer GUI (graphical user interface) experience and the 920 with W8 delivers impressively. I love the live tiles and the way the latest information is delivered automatically and all I have to do is glance at the phone to see said information.I read a review where a pundit wrote about why the iPhone is better without NFC and wireless charging. I found it to be complete bunk... his and others thinking suggest that you're still tethered because the phone had to be placed on the charging pad so whats the point of wireless charging. Well guess what; I always use a Bluetooth for talking (Jawbone ERA or B&O; EAR 2). I love the fact that when I arrive home I can just set the phone on my nightstand (on the charging pad) and walk away.., Bluetooth still in ear as always, only now I'm not fumbling with tiny connectors. Say what you will but between multiple Bluetooth units, Kindle Fires and an iPad one less device to plug in is welcome in my home and on my desk at work. I love how the author of that review tried to spin missing feature into a "+", please! Now as for NFC, true it is not ubiquitous but I have seen it popping up in my neck of the woods (Chicago) so why not?The battery on this unit is herculean and I have noted that by the time I arrive home from work (typically leave the house a 6:30am and return around 6:30pm) the phone is still at least half full and that is even if I don't charge it through the day.Bottom line: Apple makes great products and I own some of them and may even buy a Mac Book Pro (retina) but I see no real innovation with the iPhone 5 and so I passed it over. My former 3GS is now used as a remote control and for my music when at the gym and I can still use most of the apps I purchased where I have a WiFi connection (I have a Clear Hotspot). The Lumia 920 at this point is the best phone I have ever owned (eliciting excitement reminiscent of the iPhone when I first purchased it 3 years ago).And yes... I have used the 4S phone multiple times (friends own it) but again, save for a few things I saw nothing that made it desirable in fact I thought the restyling to a rectangular brick was lacking imagination and a step back from the original iPhone.Not saying I wouldn't go back to the iPhone but they need to step it up.I am a software consultant developing for Windows and iPhone.Either way you can not go wrong; I think they are both top products but for me the styling, NFC, wireless charging and Live Tiles sealed the deal.Thanks for reading!