So i bought the HTC One X after changing from HTC Incredible S. and really, that's a big jump in clarity, speed and performance. let's make this quick but i won't mention the actual specs figures coz it's all over the net anyway, just personal use to knw how it is.Design: Fits perfect in the hand unless ur hands are small. The feel of the cover on the back is great, doesnt leave finger print. I got the white one and the HTC logo is in metal which is sexy. many of my friends checked out the phone, and loved the design. very light.Screen: amazing wide screen, great for many tasks like web browsing, gaming...etc. the feel of the glass of the screen is SO soft that ur fingers will slide on the screen (ull knw wt i mean whn u use it). very bright (though i keep it on low brightness for better battery life and better vision for health LOL, no really) coz it is actually reallly bright at maz level.Performance: latest android installed and many apps and the phone does not lag. still flip through the screens and switch between apps easily without lagging. tried opening few apps and web browsing and the phone works fine.Phone Calls: called friends and tested the voice clarity, they all said ur voice is really clear and i can hear them clear as well. tested the ear phones that comes with it (they are not beats ear phone and also not in-ear buds. just regular HTC ear phone) used it for around 4-5 days, and yes, the other party can hear me just perfect, thu it does not stay on ur ears very well (kinda loose bcoz its not ear buds) but they do the job and clearly.Camera: 8 mp but it is okay, i wouldnt say its the best n greatest, but it is just good and clear and best about it is the snap shots, if u wud like to take few pics at few seconds, thats the one.Battery: i heard people complaining about the battery and a new software is out n all that. i didn't get any issue with bad battery probably coz that i got the phone after the release of the new tweak. bcoz i actually got a msg whn i turned on the phone for the first time, saying please update the software. but im not sure wt was that software all about. anyway, the battery is alright and not that bad as i read. i charge it once a day only with average use, 1 hour web browsing, around 1 n half hour phone call, 30 min gaming, few music tracks. quiet an average use (with low screen brightness, which is not that low by the way).Extra's: built in Face unlock phone, so u dont need to enter a number to unlock ur phone, just keep ur face there and the front facing camera will detect and Unlock. dont worry, u can take as many pics as u want to recognize u, in light, in dark, with hat, with glasses, what ever so the camera can recognize u in different looks. HTC sense 4 is pretty awesome. The keyboard, as always (and thats why i love HTC) to type numbers and charachters, u can just long press on the specific character and there u go (instead of changing the page to press a number then back again to the letters page)what i didnt like about it (though i knew it and bought it anyway) the battery cant be changed and the micro SD is not external. internal Memory and battery. and the power button is on the top, for a big screen i think power button should be on the side like samsung phone coz on the top u really have to stretch ur finger, but that's just a personal opinion.that's all i cud think at the moment, please let me know if u have any Q's