I had always been an Apple fanboy, but lately I found that their products lacked the innovation they once had. A few months ago, I sold my iPad and switched to an Android tablet. I was happy that I did. Changing phone's was the next logical step, and when I saw the first commercial for the "next big thing" I was hooked.There are so many things to like about this phone. The screen is huge, but it is gorgeous. Although it is large, I still find it easy to hold, although I do prefer my headset. But I always have. The battery life is great, so much better than my iPhone was. Plus, the battery is removable and thus user replaceable. You can also add up to a 64gb memory sim, which was the first thing I did after buying the phone. I'd recommend you do the same. Android Jellybean OS is easy to use, easy to customize, fast, and packed with great features.I was pleased to see I would not have to go without such things as do not disturb (called blocking here), reply with text, and all my favorite apps like Facebook, instagram, and more! Switching from iOS to Android was simple. Google play gives you a free tool to upload all your  music from iTunes, and I already had a Google account set up. I was up and running in a few moments.But the best part of the phone is the S-Pen! I have found this phone to be my notepad in meetings and when I need to quickly jot down ideas when on the go. I recommend turning off the hover feature however, as with it on I found the pen too sensitive. I love being able to take notes in my own handwriting, and doodling can be fun if not distracting as well. The ability to sign my name to an email is really cool!Google now is much better than Siri, and S-voice is not so bad either. I love that the phone checks my calendar and gives me information about where I am going, including travel time, traffic, and weather. It even figured out my work schedule and checks the roads before my commute.I invested in the flip case which also protects the screen, as well as an iHome dock for it. The call quality is clear, the phone has 4g, and it works great and is not buggy at all. The camera takes great pictures and the front camera for chatting is not so shabby either.Are there drawbacks? Sure, but to me they were insignificant. For me, the only drawback would be that unlike iPhone, there are not many docks and stuff out there. Sure there are many bluetooth items available, but a good quality plug in dock is hard to find. For me, that was the only downer.If you plan to purchase this phone, I recommend you also invest in a memory card (no less than 32gig but 64gig would be best) and some kind of case. It's a big phone and I'm sure you'd want to protect it if you were to drop it. A bluetooth headset would also be a good investment. No need for extra chargers however, the batter lasts all day!