I purchased this phone almost two years ago and while I absolutely enjoyed it at first I can't wait to get rid of it now. It is buggy as hell and has been from a few months in. Now just opening my contact list can cause my phone to freeze and/ or doing just about anything else. Almost from the beginning I would get memory full messages even though I only have the apps that came with the phone ( I have a few hundred pictures stored but they are all on my 16gb memory card). My text messages stopped going out at one point and I would just get an error message. It resolved itself after about three weeks and I have never been able to figure out what was the cause.My camera stopped working for months. I would press the camera shutter or open the app and it would instantly crash. I tried every solution that I could find online to no avail. Finally I downloaded a panoramic camera app and this solved whatever the problem was. Calls drop all the time or the screen malfunctions and I can't end a call.There just seems to always be an issue with the phone and i'm tired watching my friends use their phones with such ease so im buying a new phone (hopefully a nexus 4). Below are some of my favorite pros of the N8:1) Build quality: This phone is an absolute dream to look at. It is thick, especially when compared with other phones but it is solid and has a nice weight to it. To be honest this phone has taken some serious falls lately like a tumble down stone steps hitting each one on the way down and a flying leap from my hands at ear level onto a tar pavement with only a few dents and scratches to show for it. Nothing beats the original Gorilla Glass!2) Camera: While I have since had issues with picture quality (possibly due to said falls somehow) this camera took the best pictures that I have seen on any phone to date. My friend's Iphone 4s had nothing on it! I bought a panasonic digital camera at the same time and ended up gifting it to my cousins, this baby got the job done much better :)3) Screensaver: I love being able to pick up or look over at my phone and see what time it is without touching anything. It sounds so simple but you would be suprised how convenient it is and I don't recall any other phone with this capability.4) Built in FM radio: I live in The Bahamas and I can tell you that during a power outage or storm that radio 'apps' won't cut it if there's no cell service. It is invaluable (although why i don't have a battery powered radio in my house under these circumstances would probably be a very good question).5) Battery life: I can consistently get at least a day's worth out of this phone. Even if this includes taking pictures (alot), making calls, messaging on what's app all day, listening to music or the radio and a little reading my pdf files.All in all it was good while it lasted but this phone is unable to keep up the times. A phone that will let you done with basic texting and calling capailties becomes just an expensive paperweight no matter how you look at it. If I could take the features that I love and put them into my next phone I would be the happiest person alive.