I was deliberating whether to buy the Galaxy Nexus or wait for the next version to come out.  I'm happy I went with this phone.  The new Nexus 4 was just announced, and while it is a bit of an upgrade, I needed a phone quickly, so I couldn't wait three weeks for the Nexus 4.  The Galaxy Nexus is living up to the hype so far.  The version I received is the pure Google version, not a Japanese Docomo phone, as many people have reported.  Mine came from Worldwide Distributors, fwiw.  Within minutes it received an OTA update to Jellybean, the latest version of Android, and I'm sure when Android 4.2 comes out in the next few weeks, it will get that too.  I previously had a Motorola Triumph with Virgin Mobile.  That phone was laggy and often unresponsive.  It began randomly rebooting once every few days after I'd had it for a year.  My new Galaxy Nexus is super-responsive, clear, and full-featured.  I switched over to T-mobile's prepaid plan, and I'm not looking back.  This phone is 3G, but works on T-mo's "4G" network (i.e., HSPA+).  I checked network speeds today using the Speedtest app, and had 4.8 MB dl & 1.8 MB upload speeds.  It's not true 4G, but it's much faster than my old VM service.  I'm using GrooveIP with my Google Voice number and making outgoing calls over the data network, which is working great, and I'm not using any of my very limited mobile minutes.  If you haven't used Android 4.1, it's a very nice OS.  I'm using the new Google Now feature quite a bit.  You can swipe up from the bottom of the homescreen or lockscreen to get to it.  Google Now consists of a set of customized cards, each with relevant information (next appointment, sports scores, directions, weather, etc.).  I especially like that the OS gives me reminders for my next appointment, and even estimates my travel time to get there, alerting me a few minutes early so that I have time to travel.  And it's nice that it's automatic.  I run with my phone, and use Runtastic to track my progress.  My old Motorola Triumph was horrible at getting a GPS lock (well known fault of that phone).  This one locks within seconds, and I'm off.  I use Stitcher Radio at the same time to listen to podcasts or Spotify for music, and it works seamlessly.  Best of all, I've been pleasantly surprised by the battery life.  I got used to plugging my Triumph into my car charger while on the road, or plugging it in while at work, so it wouldn't run out of juice by the end of the day.  The Galaxy Nexus seems to last all day for me, so when I plug it in at 11 p.m., it still had 40% power left.  This is with the stock battery, and moderate usage.  Obviously high-power users won't get that much life out of it, but it works great for me.  I was wary of moving up to a bigger phone, since my 4" Triumph seemed to be a good size.  The size of the GNex is great, however.  It's thin enough to slide in my pocket, and the slight curve to the screen glass actually seems to make it fit better.  I put it in a Cruzerlite TPU case, and that adds a little bulk, but not much.  I was going to go straight out and buy a big battery after reading reviews here, but I'm glad I didn't.  Some of those batteries really add thickness to the phone, and I'm getting good battery life out of the stock battery (which also has NFC, which I haven't used yet).  If you're thinking about this phone or the Nexus 4, you might want to wait a couple of weeks until the Nexus 4 is available.  It has a quadcore processor (this one's dualcore), a higher resolution screen (the GNex is great though), and a few more bells and whistles.  Neither the Nexus 4 nor this GNex has a micro-SD slot, which is a bit of a downside in my book.  I'd love to be able to put a 32GB (or 64GB!) card in my phone and completely replace my mp3 player (a Zune HD - which I still love after 3 years of heavy use!).  But if you have a pretty good data network, you might find that streaming media from the cloud will work for you - it does for me so far. Plus, I like having a dedicated music player, even if it is one more thing to carry around.  So I have no regrets with this phone.  I love having the confidence that I will continue to get Android updates for years to come, and it works great with my service.