I love this phone!  I can tell you a few negatives and I will, but let me first say this phone works really well and is a lot of fun.I initially bought this very model of watch from this vendor about six months ago.  I was using a different model before this with fewer features and I wanted to use this one instead, but it took me a while to figure out how to change the size of the band.  When my other wrist phone suddenly died I need to figure it out and I did.  (PS, I saved the old links from the band so if someone buys this phone and needs a still larger band, I suppose you could contact me and I'd probably send you the links for the cost of shipping)The great things about this phone are obvious.  You don't need to worry that you'll lay it down anywhere and forget it.  You won't accidentally drop it in your laundry because you left it in a pocket.  It is expected to work with a wireless headset (I recommend a Plantronics with noise cancelling dual microphones), not included.  However, should you leave your headset in the car, say, and you need to take a call, just slip it off your wrist, slip your hand through the band so the speaker is by your ear and talk into the band.  The sound quality is great both ways.  Nobody will believe you are talking on a wrist phone except for those around you, and their jaws will be on the floor.Also this phone sends texts.  Now texts are nothing amazing with today's phones but that this tiny phone is pretty easy to send texts from also impresses others.  I mostly like that the phone is out of sight, out of mind, most of the time.For some insane reason it came with two batteries.  It is not easy to change batteries so I hope the spare battery has a good shelf life so it still works when the built in battery finally dies.Downsides:-Reception is not great; you will experience more dropped calls with this one than other phones.-The USB cord is somewhat proprietary, or at least rare.  I contacted the seller and ordered four spare cords.-The cover for the USB is small and delicate, easy to lose and break so I ordered a spare.-If there is a way to make this phone do any sort of app, like GPS, I've sure not figured it out.-I've read this phone can do Wifi/Bluetooth tethering to a netbook but again I've not been able to figure it out.-It has a rudimentary built in web-browser I've found pretty useless too, but it could be I've just not spent enough time figuring that out either.-The phone weighs exactly half a pound, which strangely enough impresses people who ask to look at it.I realize some of those downsides will cause some of you to avoid buying this phone, but it is just a matter of priorities.  I believe the benefits outweigh the disadvantages.  Also, just in case you can't tell, this phone looks great!The service I'm using is from T-Mobil and costs about $80 month to month for unlimited everything.  Had I agreed to a 1 year contract they'd have given me a phone, but when I signed up with my first phone I didn't know if I'd even like the phone so I went month to month.  If you already have a T-Mobil phone you can removed your SIM card from it and put it directly into this wrist phone, but don't plan on going back and forth as the SIM card is installed under the battery behind a cover with four tiny screws.  (the phone comes with a tiny screwdriver for assembly)If you do buy this phone, please take my advice and tape a medicine vial to the cord to store the USB cover in while on charge.