I've been an iPhone user since the original and have owned 7 of those beasts. For work I've been using a Gingerbread Android phone for the past six months and found it a very poor experience compared to the iPhone. It's just not a very good mobile OS. Now I've gone down the path of trying Windows 7, and I am shocked that I like this so much. I feel weird for saying this, but the Windows Mango OS is just better than the iPhone. The Samsung Focus S appears to be the best hardware for the OS, so this is, in my mind, the best cell phone on the market today from AT&T.;How is Mango better than iOS? Email is WAY better. It's more intuitive, takes fewer clicks to get common tasks done, and it just looks better. The IE (please sit down) browser in Mango is better than Mobile Safari--it's faster and the way it handles tabs and bookmarks is better (imho). Sites render as you would expect them to look. Contact integration with Facebook is extraordinary. You think your address book is complete until you launch your Windows phone for the first time. You'l find contact information that you've never known you had access to thanks to Facebook profile information being automatically pulled in. I could go on, but in my experience, the Windows phone is just a little bit better than iOS and heads and shoulders better than Android. Finally, the entire OS integrates with social media, so it is a thing of beauty to easily share anything and everything.One additional note: One of the frurstations with former iPhone users who move to Android is that the apps are just not as good as their iPhone counterparts. The best RSS reader in the Android marketplace wouldn't make the top five in the iPhone app store, and that pattern is repeated again and again. I was shocked again when I found that was absolutely not the case with the Windows marketplace. The apps in the Windows marketplace are just as good (although not really better) than those in the iPhone app store.As it is, my family still clings to their iPhones, and they are grudgingly coming to see my Windows phone as "pretty good," but as a steady user of iPhone, Android, and Windows, this is the best OS.As to the hardware, the Samsung Focus S hums along and is snappier than the iPhone 4 in launching apps and navigating them. The camera takes much better pictures than my iPhone 4, and the dedicated camera button is a life saver when you want to take a quick photo. The fact that the video player also has a lot of options, from zooming to activating the flash, is also a welcome change. The flash is so bright, however, that in very dark conditions it washes out the photo for the most part. This is generally pretty easy to fix in the Samsung Photo Studio app, but it's annoying regardless.I live in Dallas, which is an exceptional AT&T; market, so I didn't expect nor did I have any problems with calls. Dallas is also a HSPA (AT&T;'s 3G+ or "4G" data network), and the data speeds are noticably faster than standard 3G phones like the iPhone.All in all, I think I've seen the OS future of mobile, and it's being produced by Microsoft. The Samsung iteration is one of the best out there, and the Focus S is the flagship. HIGHLY recommend.