I ordered a refurbished phone from Ephonics with some fear and trepidation. The reviews for refurbished phones include many that are apparently not as advertised, including purported Chinese clones, US branded phones labeled as international, and phones with flaws that the seller will not replace or repair.The phone I received appeared to be new (it was refurbished) with all new accessories, as advertised. It was indeed an international phone, recognized as such by Samsung and Google when I connected to them on the web. It includes an FM radio, something missing from US branded phones. When I went to the TMobile store to get my SIM card cut for the phone, the phone worked right away.I had an S3 for eight months, but it was stolen just before Christmas. I was afraid that I might be buying someone else's stolen phone if I bought another one on EBay or Craigslist. The condition that the phone I bought was much better than the one that was stolen (I am hard on phones...) and I am fairly confident that this phone was refurbished as advertised.While I have only owned my particular phone I am reviewing for a few hours, I can say a few things about the Galaxy based on my ownership of one for more than a half year.-the camera is superb. Video and panoramas are especially good. I love having it with me when outside at sunset to capture brilliant skies (the colors seem a bit more vibrant than real life, but that saves "photoshopping"-It does consume batteries when you use it as a smart phone. If you have a desktop you can plug it into during the day or wall plug you can plug it into during the day, that solves the problem, as does having an extra battery or two. After market batteries are very inexpensive and work well. You can swap batteries in a couple of minutes. They charge in a couple of hours or less.-voice recognition works well in English and even in Mandarin as a second language. I imagine this is true with other languages as well-The size works OK as a reader. I have a couple of Bible apps with dozens of versions, as well as the Kindle Reader. It's convenient to have when I don't have my Kindle with me.- I like being able to use Google Pinyin for Chinese input. Switching from English to Chinese is done with just one click.-There are hundreds of apps for Android that you can customize your phone with to meet your needs- The build quality is solid and the phone has held up well. I haven't abused it, but I also haven't pampered it either.I bought a book for the phone, but have only looked at it for about 30 minutes or less. The interface seems fairly intuitive; I have been able to do all I have wanted to do.I wouldn't want the experiences that other reviewers who have panned this phone and/or its suppliers have had. For me, it looks like the Samsung Galaxy SIII phone I bought from Ephonics is a winner. Good luck! Oh, btw, the phone I owned before I bought from a trusted friend who liked to have the latest and greatest phone and sold his unlocked TMobile Galaxy SIII after only six months when the new HTC One came out. I didn't have another trusted phone with an unlocked phone to sell, so I bought mine from an Amazon Prime reseller.