When I first bought this phone, I found its size to be a bit of a challenge. After a few weeks I have become used to it and there are things about this phone I really like. As a loyal HTC phone person, it took a lot for me to switch to Samsung, but I took the chance and am glad I did.Cons:1. My sister says the voice quality is not as clear. I've played with the settings, but she still says I sound a little muffled. This is both with and without using a bluetooth headset.2. The size takes some getting used to. It's hard to do the screen unlock with my thumb.3. When you turn the phone on, it goes back to the last screen you were on versus the home page (maybe I can change this somewhere?). This doesn't seem like a big deal, but it means I have to remember what I had on each screen and scroll over to where I need to be. With my most used items on my home page, it would be nice if the phone would wake up to that.4. There are other little things, like speed dialing, that aren't as user friendly as they were on the Evo. I can add a phone number as a widget, but I'd love to have direct speed dialing from the phone window to a particular number. Now, I have to have a screen full of widget speed dial numbers. The speed dialing from the phone only allows you to speed dial a contact and you still have to choose the phone number to dial, then hit the call button. Things like that take a few extra steps which can be cumbersome. My Sprint guy tells me that is the new operating system, but he could just be saying that.5. I'm not that crazy about pushing in the home button. A smooth button would have been better.6. It may sound stupid, but when you type the letter i and a space, it doesn't automatically capitalize the i...it should. You can hit the capital i above the keyboard, but you really shouldn't have to do that.Pros:1. The speed. It is fast to navigate around the phone. LOVE that. The few silly games I play run super fast.2. Battery life is simply awesome. While I use my phone mostly for email and work related syncing, I just can't believe how long the battery lasts. I don't have to charge the phone every day and it charges quickly. Also, when the phone battery gets low, it doesn't seem to use up the battery any faster like it did on my Evo. Once the battery got low on my Evo, it seemed like the phone was completely out of juice before I knew it.3. The Bluetooth works well. I never have trouble connecting to my bluetooth headset. Even better than that though, is when I play music through my buetooth sound system, I don't lose sound quality. On my Evo, there was a significant loss in sound quality.4. There are so many nice little things that are cool....like how fast the screen rotates to how responsive the volume/power buttons are.5. The camera is fast and can shoot multiple shots in a row. It takes good photos.6. When you slide down from the top of the screen you can easily access common settings (mute, bluetooth, wi-fi) and that is quite nice. I use that a lot.7. Swype works really well once activated. It is actually a lot more accurate than typing.8. Voice to typing is way more accurate than I have ever seen.I'm sure there is more, but hopefully these comments have helped.