Let me start by saying that the Nokia N97mini performs very well in its class. It is not to be compared with the likes of the iPhone and the Droids. So, if you are looking for something equivalent to the experience on the iPhone, this is not the phone for you. Perhaps, wait for the Nokia N8 or E7.As the owner of the iPhone3G and the Motorola Droid, I had lowered my expectations considerably when I bought this device. My goal was to get an unlocked smartphone that had email capabilities, some limited apps that I use and most importantly free navigation. After reading a lot of reviews, I chose the Nokia N97 mini - partly because, there was a deal available at the time from Dell (I was debating between the N97mini and the X6). Got the N97mini w/ navigation package for around $290 including taxes and shipping.The overall look and feel of the device is very good. It is sturdy and has a rich feel to it (apart from the touch screen) because of the metallic sides and back cover. Getting started up with the device for basic call functions, messaging and browsing is a breeze. But if you want to make changes and customize the device to your liking, be prepared to spend a considerable amount of time figuring out its quirky OS. This device has a resistive touch screen and looks and feels a little cheap (plasticky) when compared to the iPhone and Droids which use capacitive touch technology (with glass). The learning curve is rather steep. But once you get a hang of it, it doesn't bother you much. I'm very impressed with the call quality. Its way better than how my iPhone was and how my Motorola Droid is. The camera takes decent pictures and the video was also quite good. However, the flash was not very helpful even in a dimly lit room. I wonder if it will be of any use in completely dark situations. The slide mechanism for the keypad is robust and is so much better than the one I have on my Motorola Droid.The device comes with 8GB internal storage with the option to add upto an additional 16GB using a microSD card. I have just placed an order for a 16GB microSD from Amazon so I can't comment on the performance of the device with additional memory. I was able to load music and pictures rather easily. I was also impressed with the radio (although you have to use the wired headset that comes along with this unit) performance.The part that most impressed me was Ovi Maps and Navigation. I've been travelling a lot and rely on GPS devices quite a bit. I used to carry my Garmin c330 earlier before I switched to Google Navigation on my Droid. Unfortunately, Google Navigation has been a complete disappointment for me. Now, I absolutely adore Ovi Maps / Navigation. It has been able to give me my location in less than 30 seconds and it provides directions even if I'm out of a cellular coverage area. It has capabilities to warn you if you are over the speed limit (customizable) and can re-route based on traffic information. The one thing from Google Navigation that I would like to see in Ovi Navigation is that of "Layers". Especially, to see traffic information as a layer on the map itself as opposed to reading it as a list. But I definitely rate this as my #1 favorite feature apart from call quality.The Ovi Store on this device is akin to App store on the iPhone or the Android Market on the Droids. It does not have the huge quantity of maps that the other stores can boast of. For me, I use a handful of free apps and they were all available in the Ovi Store (For anything more, I have my Motorola Droid!). I downloaded the Ovi Suite from the Nokia USA website and was easily able to update the software and get updates to existing applications.Some other features I'm yet to completely evaluate: Front facing camera, video calling application (I heard Fring(?) is available for this), notifications for emails, switching between WiFi and cellular packet data,To sum it up:PROS:1. Great phone (call quality)2. Excellent Navigation using Ovi Maps.3. Comfortable physical keyboard for typing.4. Easy to setup email.CONS:1. Resistive touchscreen. (If this is a huge concern for you, you can choose the Nokia X6 which I think is very similar to the N97 mini with a capacitive touch display but without a physical keypad).2. Ovi Suite - Downloading and transferring maps take a long time! I started downloading USA maps (little over 1GB) and it said estimated time was 2 hours. I killed it and downloaded just maps for the states I travel to. Even transferring photos takes quite some time when using Ovi Suite!3. Complicated OS with lots of hard-to-find settings.4. Only one home screen for widgets and apps. It provides a second one but that can only be blank :(