+ 5.5" screen @ 1080p. Bought it because the huge screen helps avoid carrying multiple devices, is easy to read and amazing+ Android 4.1.2. Not 4.2.2 but still good. Won't notice much difference+ Display is gorgeous and useful+ dual record camera is actually useful e.g. concert recording+ $99 deal+ 4G LTE from ATT is actually blazing fast. (around NYC)+ 4G speeds are good.+ has IR sensor so you can use it as universal remote but not as feature rich as HTC One's or Samsung's which has TV Guide integrated.+ smooth phone, no lag, not choppy+ Qslide (multi-tasking) is limited but could be useful+ LED light around home button is extremely useful+ excellent battery life - I charged phone all night. Next morning, used it in the bus for my 55min ride and used it to browse and read Pulse news. After the ride, it still showed 100%. I was amazed. After moderate whole day use, it had dropped to only 74% in the evening. Left it like that overnight and next morning it was only 61% (only 13% drop overnight). Auto-sync was on along with Power save.Charges very fast - 1.5 hrs from 0 to full charge.+ default wallpapers are actually very beautiful for a change+ has removable battery and I added my old 32GB ext card to add to the 32GB internal storage!! (64GB total storage!), again, all for $99 base price!+ Input methods are amazing - you can type, talk or use your handwriting to have it recognize the words. Talking works well in a quiet env. Handwriting is a hit about 80% of time. I found Samsung Note 2 more accurate here in OCR. Still, it is very good.- didn't come with any SD card- didn't come with the MHL cable which my 2 year old Samsung Infuse 4G did. C'mon.- NFC tags have to be bought (possibly from LG) for some useful features- sound quality isn't as good as HTC One which blows every phone out of the water. Actually iPhone's quality is better than this.- Not sure if Activation fee of $36 is waived or not with ATT.- strangely speeds drop to E (edge) speeds. Never hit 3G when 4G is not available? I'd expect it to drop from 4G to 3G or HSPA+, not Edge.- Original LG charge cable sometimes says "Slow charging because of cable USB/TA charging current wrong" or something. Very odd.- connected to my car USB and this is the only phone which makes my stereo say "USB Not supported".- after transferring videos to my NAS, only this phone's videos play with audio but with black video image. i.e. there is no video but only audio plays. Not sure if it is recording in some proprietary format or has some DRM that blocks it unless you use their LG transfer program. Have to research.- ATT bloatware cannot be removed unless you rootOverall, a solid improvement from my Samsung Infuse 4G.Edit: The device doesn't support UMS (USB Mass Storage) option which means if you use a linux machine, you cannot see the storage of the phone and mount it as /media/SDCard as before. There are only options for MTP sync or PC Software mode which doesn't mount it properly in Linux. So the solution is to get mtp tools on the linux (mine is ubuntu) desktop to fix it.Helpful instructions - [...]