I will agree that all the pros of the s4 are true i.e. great screen, camera, light weight,great processor, good battery life mine has not gone below 50% since I've had it, but for me I am very picky and I dislike the UI of this phone. The previous phone I had was an HTC so things on that phone I liked and some I hated.1. On the S4 I hate how when I press the icon to make a call it will always take me to the keypad, which to me would be fine if it showed recent calls above it where there is currently an empty white space. The HTC phone did exactly what I wanted, showed the keypad and recent calls when the same icon was pressed. I am trying to get in the habit of using the speed dial feature and Google now because if I start typing the name of someone I want to call, it will display information from one person in my contacts and a drop box next to that info when clicked will reveal the other numerous contacts (sometimes 25) I might be trying to call. This is terrible because I feel it should be predictive and remember which numbers are called more frequently and take those up to the top of the list. To Samsung's credit though I like their tab called favorites. It displays frequently contacted contacts. If the phone were able to let me choose which tab was opened when the phone icon was clicked, I would choose favorites, but as far as I know the UI won't let me. It always comes up with the keypad and a blank space above it.2.  I dislike the preloaded widgets and lock screens. The clock widgets won't let me click on them to view or modify any alarms unless I choose the widget called alarm(stupid widget which only displays which days one of my alarms is set for and the time it will go off). I was able to find an app called "easy clock widget". This app allows me to modify my alarms, activate the stopwatch, and start a timer. I miss being able to have the four customizable icons/apps on the lock screen. With the S4 I'm stuck with a clock and a customizable message I can add.3. The calendar widget does not allow me to swipe up and down in order to view a different month, so it makes me click on small icons in the upper corners.This link here http://youtu.be/RHIXtw34wK4 points out some other weak points about the s4 which would take me quite some time to explain on here. I decided to share my dislikes because most people have not pointed them out. In reality all the complaints I have regarding the phone can be fixed in a software update, but I feel it would be more likely they are fixed on their next galaxy s phone they come out with.  I've used the note 2 and for some reason I remember having a better UI and was just more well thought out. To me it seems this phone was just rushed out. The S4 has some new features which are not available on other smartphones yet, but when it comes to the basics, the S4 isn't so good.  So it is a great device, but not a great phone at least for me.