I have owed the 8100 for about four months.- The main lcd screen:This screen is very bright.  During a recent power outage, I used it to find my way around my house.- The call clarity:I used to make jokes about the poor reception I got with my Nokia 6185.  With this phone, it sounds more like a land line than a cell phone.  The first time my brother called my mom with the 8100, she could immediately tell that he had a new phone.  The earpiece volume is adjustable, and can get very loud (almost sounds like a speakerphone).- The camera:Ok, so the image quality is low.  But the features are impressive.  You can assign images as caller id's for people in your phone book.  You can email a picture to anyone immediately after taking it.  I don't carry any family pictures with me.  If I want to show pictures of my nephews and nieces, I can just pull out my phone.  It even has a self-timer, so you can set your phone down and get in the picture.- The Calendar:I use this feature every day.  You can set reminders (like: "take out trash") to repeat weekly, monthly, or annually.  You can be alerted of events minutes or hours in advance.  You can even assign a specific ringer as the alarm for an event.- Ringers:This phone supports polyphonic ringers, which are like normal ringers- except more "vibrant."  It also supports ".QCP" ringers (which are actual sound clips) containing songs or voice.  You can assign different ringers for individuals in your phone book.- Games:The games aren't "gameboy" quality, but they do come close to those little pocket lcd games.  Using the keys on the phone as controls feels a bit wierd.  Some games use the phone's vibrator as a "rumble"feature.  The selection of games available is adequate.- Applications:This phone supports some applications.  I have installed and used a stop watch, an instant messaging app, the RealOne player (subscription service), and a to-do list app.  I have yet to see any "full-motion" video displayed on this phone.- Email:After you sign up, Sprint gives you an email address that's attatched to your phone.  You can send and receive text emails using that address (from your phone or their website).- Misinformation:When the documentation says it has "screensavers," that's not true.  What they mean is that the phone uses images kind of like the desktop wallpaper on your pc.  When the phone is not in use, the screen turns off automatically.  When the documentation says "wireless internet," that is misleading.  You can only view small html pages or specially designed "wml" or "wap compatible" pages.  You can't view the amazon site the way it looks right now on your computer screen.- Ways to use it:This phone works even better when combined with some other services.>Textamerica provides free "moblogs.">Qualcomm "Purevoice converter" lets you turn your mp3 files intoringers.>Sites like 3GUpload let you upload images and ringers from your pc to your phone (for a small fee).>Wireless internet sites like Mapquest and Hollywood give you driving directions, movie times, and more using your phone's browser.This is a great phone.  You'll have loads of fun with it, even if no one ever calls you.