Phone:  Functions mostly fine (sound, etc) but has a couple significant problems.  The keys are sensitive -- "unlock" does get punched despite the keys facing outward in my pocket.  I have called 911 once (which is the "1" speed dial on every cell phone) and pulled out my phone to find other buttons punched at other times, including the "browser" which will, of course, drain all of your minutes.  I also hit "reject" on a phone call at a dinner party then shoved it quickly back into my pocket, only to find later that my friend who called subsequently listened to ten minutes of my conversation before hanging up because it apparently answered when I put it back in my pocket.  I guess at least it picks up sound really well.  If you get this phone, get one of those contraptions to carry it on your belt so buttons aren't getting hit.  I had a slider phone before which never had that happen in my pocket.  As far as texting, I do like the spacing of the keys, though sometimes when I hit the space key, it gives me a period.  So I guess that sucks too.TracFone: I resisted going TF for a long time before giving it a shot.  I should have stayed away.  The first phone I bought was a basic slider that did not have an rca input for a corded hands-free device!  Guess they just figured everyone goes Bluetooth.  I called customer service about it (outsourced, of course), which took forever to get through, and the guy assured me they make headsets with the 1/4 inch wide input head (same as the charger head).  Maybe in south Asia.  Absolutely crazy.So I got another phone, the one that has the problems mentioned above.  I went to their website to sign up for the $10 monthly plan and automatic renewal.  Every time I filled in the info and hit submit, it just kicked me back to the same screen!  How the hell does this company stay in business when you can't even buy more time on their website!?  So I went to the store and bought a 60 minute card, which put 60 minutes on my phone despite my phone being triple minutes for life.  At least this time it only took a few minutes to get through to customer service.  He manually put them on, but while I was on the phone with him, I got two texts from tracfone that each charged me to open them up!!!!!  Holy ripoff here, batman!  That was the final straw.  I'll use these minutes, then I'm done with Satan, I mean, TracFone.Additionally ... TF advertises three texts per minute of talk time.  They don't tell you certain texts from certain types of phones -- smart phones and some picture/video messages -- get charged the full minute or more!  And the Browser button is, of course, the default top right button on the phone, meaning it is easier than hell to accidentally hit it, especially when that button was "contacts" on my old phone.  Maybe there's a way to deactivate it.  Obviously set up to have people accidentally hitting it.The one upside is that both of the phones have come with a hundred or more minutes on them, which was not advertised.  Nice surprise.  Not enough to make up for all the crap.  I try to be understanding but it's been too much stupidity to just write off as an isolated bad experience.  Do yourself a favor and try another company.The ironic thing is I've had great luck with Net10 over the years, and they are owned by TracFone now.  They must have left Net10's management intact, because they're worlds apart.  My wife has Net10 and loves it, and that's where I'm going next.