----3/22/12 Update----I have the 4.0.2 update. OTG USB works with any USB keyboard, USB mouse or Bluetooth keyboard or mouse. Supposedly there is an Ice Cream Sandwhich 4.0.5 update for the Verizon Galaxy Nexus that will trickle down to the GSM version. I hope USB memory stick support will come with that update.I can only seem to get 720p output from the USB MHL adapter. Some others have been able to get 1080p output. Note it's a *shared* screen, not a special screen for videos. What you see on the phone is what you get on the screen.I get occasional random reboots like once a week, but it rarely happens.Battery life is OK. I have a lot of apps installed like Facebook, Twitter and Skype that poll and gather data. The phone will last all day in standby. While surfing or using apps, I can get 2-3hours with the screen continuously on. On balance, I have to leave the phone plugged in at night to stay charged for the next day. The extended battery is available overseas and on eBay.Regarding Google Wallet, I side-loaded it using an APK from XDM. I was able to pay for some stuff at DuaneReade and 7-Eleven. It also supposedly works at RadioShack, CVS and RiteAide. None of them work with their rewards cards although you'd think it would. It works at the NJ Transit ticket kiosk at Penn Station. Google Wallet has been locked down tight recently and rooted users will have problems using the app. You are basically loading up a pre-paid credit card. When the balance is low, you have to fill it up more cash. It's hard to get to $0 balance. I think it's a neat feature, but I don't find myself using it all that much. Google *really* needs to open this app up to all NFC enabled phones, not just Sprint and AT&T; Galaxy Nexus phones. I think there is an issue where the carriers want a cut of the transaction since it goes over their network. As it stands, NFC payments is a non-starter technology with very little market penetration. ISIS, the other competing technology, will release later this year and will probably become available on more phones with more carrier buy-in.I still haven't used NFC tags. I haven't seen them anywhere in NYC yet.T-Mobile GSM is decent in NYC. At times it can get really slow (2-3Mbps) with 180ms+ ping. That's not good for real-time gaming or VOIP. They also throttle you even though you have yet to hit your cap. Their web proxy will compress JPG images. You'll notice websites will look more block and pixellated. If you switch to a https/SSL browser connection, your JPGs will look normal.The OLED screen uses a pentile sub-pixel layout. To my eye, it kind of looks like film grain. You notice it on solid dark colors on the screen. You won't notice it on photographs which look vibrant and bright on OLED. Detail is good, but not as good as high as an iPhone 4s. There is definitely more resolution (1280x720, some of the pixels on the right side are used for the on-screen navigation buttons). 1080p H.264 videos up that I downloaded from Youtube up to 5Mbps streams play well on the phone.----------------------I have the GSM version of the Galaxy Nexus. I can't add anything new to what's already been said at length in other reviews. But I can add some observations.The bad:- OTG USB cable doesn't work with the current ROM 4.0.1 of Ice Cream Sandwich on the phone. Plugging a keyboard or mouse with the cable doesn't work. Bluetooth devices work however.- Even with a 4.0.2 ROM, plugging a USB memory stick won't mount. You have to hack around it with 3rd party apps to mount FAT32 partitions.- There is an issue where in landscape mode, the lower right side of the screen doesn't respond to touch input while in a game.Supposedly these issues will be fixed in a future update like 4.0.2. So far, I haven't gotten the over-the-air update.- Using Google Wallet and NFC is useless until Google officially releases Google Wallet in the US. I haven't tested the NFC share feature yet.- The GSM version only comes in a 16GB model. A 32GB model is supposedly available overseas for pre-order.- At the moment, you can't buy an official OEM battery that has the NFC antenna built in. You can find knock-off batteries sans NFC antenna for the phone from eBay.The good:- The phone accepts a T-Mobile SIM card and an AT&T; SIM card in the US. I have a T-Mobile pre-paid SIM card and have a $30 Monthly4G 5GB plan. It works great. I'm getting 5 to 7 megabits down and 1 to 1.5 megabits up on HSPA+ in NYC.Overall I am pleased with the phone and will hold onto it for the next few years.