I just got this phone for my wife. I of course set it up and played with it until she ripped it away from my finger tips! I have to say... for a free phone the LG VIPER is just awesome!As much as I like it you have to keep things in perspective... this IS NOT meant to compete with the super phones like the EVO 4G LTE or the Samsung Galaxy III LTE... or the Google Nexus. It is far above the "entry level" class of phones too! I have to admit, I felt like I was cheating my wife by getting a "free" phone for her... but after using it I feel that I ripped Best Buy for getting the phone free on an upgrade... and trading in her old EVO 4G for a $65 credit! This is by far the best free phone I have ever seen.... and I worked for Sprint as a store manager for 4 years.So here are some bullet points on why to consider the LG Viper;* Smallest of the 4G LTE Android phones - For my wife the size of the other LTE phones was a tad bit too big. The size of this phone is perfect for her.* Speed - This phone hands down "smokes" the EVO 4G that she had. When I was doing updates I was amazed of the speed of the phone. This thing is a fast and powerful as you need!* Covers the basics well - Good camera, access to the web, facebook, gmail, apps, etc. For the NON TEENAGER... this phone works very well! If you are a a power user (business or teens) then you may want to explore the higher end phones. But if you need a phone for your day to day basics this phone is for you! (and then some!)* Value - Like I said, I cannot believe that this phone is free. If money is a consideration then look at the LG Viper before dropping $150 to $200 on a larger more powerful handset... then look at this phone and compare the "true" needed features that you will use daily.* Sprint LTE - It is coming... when it does you will see a huge performance gain compared to the old WIMAX 4G network Sprint uses. So you are buying the newer technology, not the old one. (Check with Sprint to see when your area is scheduled to get 4G LTE)* This phone currently runs on Android 2.3 (older version)... but from what I have read it is getting Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich)... so you have a huge upgrade coming in the future! (Which helps "future proof" this device)Here are a few reasons why not to consider it;* Small phone - In my hands the EVO 4G LTE fits a lot better than the LG VIPER. The Viper is too small... and I feel like it will slip out of my hand easily. This can be solved by using a protective case (since they have a better grip material)... none-the-less, it is too small for me, but perfect for my wife!* If you have to feed your ego - LOL, I am serious, some people have to have the BEST, most top of the line phone out there... this one is good, but not that good!* Screen size - The trend is to make phones big enough to use as a "small tablet"... yet small enough to still be a phone. Having a 4.7" screen is significant enough compared to the LG Viper... but the Viper's screen is big enough for normal "regular people" usage. For example, I would NOT watch a high-def movie on any phone, regardless of screen size... that is what my 55" HDTV is for! So having a larger screen is not necessarily "critical" for our needs.For the money, the LG Viper is HARD to beat. It is very powerful... so I can see it being useful for the above average users as well. The only group I do not see adopting it is the HARDCORE power junkies out there. But for the more average phone users out there this phone is just awesome!