What do you want from your phone?I'm a bit of a gadget geek, so I wanted it all.  I wanted text messaging, a large color screen, web access, AOL AIM access, Java-based games, you name it.  So, I was willing to shell out the big bucks when it came to getting a phone.I got the i95cl about a year ago, and I've been very satisfied with the phone's performance.  I'm not as satisfied with Nextel, though, who you have to get service from to get this phone.  All the features you could ever want are there, but you're going to pay for them.  Web access costs money, text messaging costs money, caller ID costs money...  they nickle and dime you for all the features on their network.  They have package deals, which is what I use, where it's $15 a month for all their internet access features, which makes it reasonably affordable, but if you're looking for a cheap phone and a cheap monthly bill, you won't get it with this phone, and with Nextel.Now, back to the phone.  Here are the pros:- Pretty good battery life (I charge every 2 to 3 days).- Very sturdy design, unlike several phones I've owned before.  The antenna is tough, and so is the case.  Dropping it won't break it.- Loud and clear sound, and a built in speakerphone.- Color screen, which is nice for looking at web sites, or playing the Java games...  which leads us to...- Built in Java engine which allows you to download applications from Nextel right onto the phone.  Games, business applications, notepads, there are lots of fun java tools to play with.  Some are free, and some you have to pay for.- Nextel Direct Connect, which you can only use to talk to other Nextel customers, but the phone functions as a walkie-talkie, and it's very convenient.- Internet access, allowing you to text message, instant message, receive emails, and browse the web (text only).- Voice activated dialing, which is convenient.- Amazing coverage.  I have service inside buildings when no one else does.  The antenna picks up signals well, and Nextel has great coverage.This is all well and good, you say, but what are the drawbacks?  There are a few cons to this phone:- Size.  Man, is this a big phone.  I have a holster on my belt, it really isn't "pocket sized".  To get a nice big screen, and durability, you have to sacrifice size.- Cost.  As I said before, the phone is expensive, and so are all the cool little extras.  You probably will be paying $50/mo for this phone.- Web access is text only, which is unfortunate, as some new phones are entering the market with real graphical web browsing.So, like I said at the beginning of this review, what do you want from your phone?  If you're willing to pay for it, this phone has it all.  It's a little big, and a little costy, but I've been in love with it for a year now, and I don't think I'll be trading phones any time soon.