If you're looking to upgrade from a flip-phone to a state-of-the-art smart-phone without 70 to 100 dollars a month charges, this one is great.  For less than the price of two month's service on a contract phone, this prepaid phone gives you virtually all the modern features.  And - if you have WiFi in your house/office, you won't even need to pay minutes to use the web (or the GPS/maps, or watching youtube, or playing music, or taking pictures, or getting directions to gas/food/lodging, or virtually anything this Android 2.2 phone has to offer !)  I've been playing with it for a day now, doing all of these things, and have not spent a penny of my prepaid money, except for the two one-minute test calls I made to try out the phone.  Of course, I will use some of these 3G things outside of my house/work, and will then have to use $1.49 for a "day pass" to the web.  But hey - even that's cheap if you don't do it every day.Those are the main points I wanted to add to the reviews.  But if you're interested in performance, here's my summary of that as well:1)  Voice sounds fine2)  Can't comment on coverage, but their map seems to show good coverage in most areas3)  The Android 2.2 user interface is great (I'd never used one before, but am an advanced computer user).  It probably is missing some things like the double-finger thingie for zooming, but who cares?  Just double-tap on a picture to zoom in or use the + icon that popus up momentarily on the screen.  Photos look great on it.4)  Taking photos is not great in dim light, but is fine otherwise5)  Have not taken or viewed any videos, except YouTube - which works fine.  Frame rate might be a little slow, and 16x9 videos are compressed horizontally, but otherwise its awesome.  (Youtube comes up in landscape mode - otherwise, the phone can operate in either portrait or landscape and the gravity vector sensor works flawlessly - with just the right delay)6)  Sound quality from the speaker is quite nice for such a small speaker system.  And volume seems pretty good.7)  It is plenty fast.  Dragging your finger to shift between screens is smooth and has no noticeable delay.  As one reviewer commented, it is a little slow booting up, but in theory you'd only do that once a day.  And I can wait 1.5 to 2 minutes for that.  Once it's on and sleeping (screen blanked, phone in standby), it comes on in about 0.5 seconds by tapping the button on the top.  Tap it again and its back in standby in 0.5 seconds or less.  That little button brings it in and out of standby with no fuss.8)  There's a popup keyboard of course, but you can also search the internet by speaking in words to the Google search bar.  And it works great without any training.  How cool is that?9)  GPS shows my house exactly where it should be on my street.10)  Size is small, but that's fine or even good.  I have had virtually no trouble using the touchscreen or reading the text - even though my eyesight is no longer the way it was when I was young.  And there's always glasses if you need them - just like reading a book.11)  Its an Android OS - so there is so much there that I better stop now.  There's no way to cover everything!So if you've been holding back on buying a Smart-Phone due to not wanting to layout $1K to $2K per year in contracts, but have been curious about learning what all the fuss is about.  Buy This !I'm having a ball learning and am beginning to understand why the new generation is always walking around staring at these little boxes in their hands ;-)