only had the phone one day and love it1 I will have a better review in awhile. I just wanted to let people know that this phone does not come with a sim card. I upgraded from a droid and of course the sim card is a different size. so I had to take it to a Verizon store and they will put in the sim card for free and activate the phone for free also. you cannot activate the phone without a sim card.Well after a few weeks with the phone I gotta say I am very impressed! As with anything there are things I do not like about the phone but other people may find them useful. Most importantly this phone is fast. whether it be playing with apps or surfing the net its very fast! The WiFi also is excellent as is the Bluetooth! I love the nearby devices feature Samsungs DLNA. It took a bit to realize that photos, music and videos wind up in your gallery in the nearby devices folder. But you can share throughout your home network! Excellent! S beam is pretty much a useless feature for me This is the only Samsung product I have so sharing with another Samsung device is pretty much unnecessary. And I really dont know alot of people with a Samsung phone to make it worthwhile. NFC (near field communication) Also pretty much worthless to me there just are not alot of products out there that have this so not worth having right now. Others might find S beam and NFC very cool features though.The gallery seperates everything! camera,downloads,nearby,video,videorecord,screenshots,Facebook folders and autobackup if you have it. Basically any program or app has a folder. KIK whatever. Real nice. The camera is fantastic! Both video and still cam. Love taking snapshots while taking a video. The only thing I have had trouble with is streaming video shot from the phone camera to my tv? it keeps freezing up? but other videos stored on the phone play great? pics and music come across fantastic too! I do not like the Samsung KIES WiFi. It is basically a program that you load on your computer where you can share everything with your phone and computer. You can either USB your phone or its supposed to work on your WiFi. I cannot get it to work with WiFi? I figure a phone like this should work like a Wiz sharing files wirelessly. Why would I USB it? anyways I could not do anything over the WiFi It said my phone was connected but I could share nothing? I have plenty other programs I can use for this so no big deal I uninstalled Kies WiFi from the computer. I found it slow and buggy. Maybe thats something Samsung can work. When you can use the nearby devices to share whats the point? There is also Kies Air. It is kind of a dashboard of your phone you install on your computer. You can look at call logs send and recieve texts from any computer its kinda your phone on your desktop. I do like this however I did have a couple issues. Once its on your computer a screen pops where you have to put in a 4 digit code that is generated from your phone.The problem is everytime you use it you have to go through this? and once again this is all wireless connection and still no way to share files? The air gestures are very cool the voice commands work great and one neat thing I noticed I have a network extender at my house and the phone tells me when its connected. As far as people raving about the battery? I find it good but by the end of the day its gone. Sometimes it doesnt make it that far. The car charger is a must. So I barley scratched the surface of all this phones features and tricks it will take you awhile to figure things out but damn its so worth it! I really love this phone. with the few things I dont like about it others will find them great! I highly recommend this phone!!! Best cell phone ever!