I purchased this phone after nearly a year of careful study.  This is my first smart phone (moving from a pre-paid only, flip phone ... yeah, I took a while to get into mobile phones as well).  After nearly a month of exhaustive use, I like it.  It has sufficient power and storage to be viable, and it meets my needs for a smart phone ... that is, a hand-held computer which also serves as a wireless phone.I am not wild about the interface.  In a slate format with a touch screen I don't know how it could be much better.  But the touch screen interface is loaded with difficulties in day-to-day operations.  Some of the better apps have adequate work arounds to address the worst problems, but some of the apps are cumbersome to operate.  For example, most of the music players and playlist editors are designed around the viewpoint of someone who plays only live streaming music and occasionally adds a song to a "favorites" playlist.  My audio library, which consists of thousands of tracks has proven quite tedious to load into the phone and I haven't a good way to create playlists yet.What's missing is a good app that essentially enables the USB cord to make the phone mount as an external storage device.  Although several claim to do just this, in reality only a few file system operations are provided.An annoyance is the number of Google-provided apps which come preinstalled on the phone and cannot be removed.  Their icons can be deleted from everything except the apps menu, and updating of these apps can be prevented, but you must live with them on the phone.  This form of "push marketing" of software is not appreciated.One feature yet to be tested -- but about which I have little doubt -- is the international versatility.  Technically I've read it is a simple matter of purchasing a new SIM card in other countries and putting it into the phone.  I am confident this will work, but haven't had a chance to test it yet.  Given that it does, it will be wonderful.  After taking the time to learn the interface and software it will be great to use the same handset wherever I travel.A caution to prospective purchasers: plan on taking some time to properly learn how to use this device.  That's a natural consequence of the power and adaptability.  The basic telephone interface is simple, but the contacts list has some learning curve.  The wide variety of Android apps which can be obtained is a good thing, but the other side of that coin is it means you might have to try two or three parallel apps which do the same thing, to find the one that works best for you.  It's not difficult to learn how to search for apps, and does not take long to install (or uninstall) them, but it does mean you have to work at it a little while.Overall a good purchase value.  (Yes, the Galaxy 4 is out, but I went with the 3 series on the time-tested thought that by buying one model out you can get a lower price.  If I continue to enjoy using this machine, I expect I will eventually upgrade, purchasing each new model shortly after its successor becomes available.)