>>> Below Is an UPDATE as of October 20, 2012Symbian Belle update (not received Symbian Belle Refresh update yet).Belle update from Q1 of 2012 has changed a lot of things on this phone, so i'll start over.  (I still have the phone)>>>>>> AN IMMEDIATE STOP TO CONSIDERING THE PURCHASE OF THIS PHONE is Nokia's non existent support to addressing the bug that makes SMS messaging completely unreliable (see Bads section)Good:- Screen can be used in direct sunlight- Physical keyboard is excellent.  Tactile feed back is better than blackberry or T-Mobile G2.- Off-line maps.  Usefull when you don't want to use online maps when roaming (data roaming charges are expensive).  Better than Google maps because it provides "recalculation" of directions if you go off course.- Penta band 3G, It'll work in any GSM or 3G carrier (will not work on CDMA)- Ring profiles.  Very detailed preset profiles for volume/ring/vib/etc settings can be easily switched between.  Android (T-Mobile G2) does not have this level of customization or ability to switch between profiles.- Notification ring tone can be set to a an mp3 (Android, or at least G2 can't do this)- Sound quality from mic is very good, just make sure you aren't let down by a half-duplex voice carrier like Wind Mobile.- Front facing camera... but see cons side...- Reception is good, but not the top 10%.- Plays most video formats i've tried.  Can't play MKV and some AVI files.- now able to EASILY turn WIFI, Bluetooth etc on and off easily via the pull down status window blind.- design and build, it has a sturdy & premium feel when you look at it and hold it in your hand.- works with perfectly with LG bluetooth headset HBS-700, Plantronics Voyager Pro, Plantronics Voyager Pro+Bads:- Nokia's SMS system will sometimes not send msgs and leave them in the "Outbox" and not attempt to resend.  This happens with about half or two thirds of my SMS's.  When the "Outbox" SMS's are manually selected to re-send the recipient will get it, but on rare occasions it will be received twice.- I would not say Symbian Belle is 'clunky', but Android offers a more intuitive user interface & experience.  Try activating bluetooth or any other phone related function during a phone call... it's extremely hard if not impossible because the phone's screen pauses and stops during calls.  Also, The dialing buttons are VERY small (vertically), yet at least 1/3 of the same screen is unused!!!  Seriously, what's up with that screen Nokia!?!?!? Many more examples like this!- App market is very limited.  Prior to purchase i didn't think it would be an issue, but after using a T-Mobile G2 it is a major issue.  For instance, there are no banking applications for Symbian.  The Tunein radio app is not available & the free Nokia Internet Radio app is horrible.- Offline maps: can't get transit info/next bus times from maps.... but you can install google's online maps for that...- Nokia's support: Nokia has done NOTHING to solve several major bugs, one of which is well known since at least 2010 (see next few examples)- Nokia's program to sync MS Outlook's calendar with the phone pushes some re-occurring appointments one day forward.  (embarrassing to say happy birthday to business colleagues on the wrong day, one day earlier).  this bug is known since at least 2010.- when listening internet radio, the audio will skip/pause when you scroll the screen, rotate the screen or start to anything else.- Battery life is quite poor.  I must charge at least once a day.  With full charge, listening to internet radio through stereo bluetooth lasts about 2 hours at most.  Talk time from full charge is about 3.5 to 4 hrs using bluetooth.  T-Mobile G2 battery lasts significantly longer, for instance internet radio through bluetooth lasts 4-5 hours.- GPS is not as accurate or fast as other phones (not confusing with Assisted-GPS).  It takes several minutes (sometimes never) to obtain a GPS location fix.- the front facing camera is poor quality, even for VGA.  Other than Fring, and MS Lync, no programs are available to use the front camera for chat.  However, who uses Fring?... and MS Lync is only for internal corporate clients who have a MS Lync server.  Skype video chat is not available.- My carrier (Wind Mobile) does not "support" (disabled) the built in video calling.- the rear 8mp camera is also of very poor quality.  5mp phone cameras are superior.  Photos closer than six to ten feet are almost always out of focus (either totally blury, or background is in focus but not the subject in foreground is not in focus).  Photos of a paper with any size writing are an embarassment.  Photos further than six to ten feet are sometimes blurry, but always do not have sufficient detail.  All this is because the phone uses a software based focusing system.- not able/safe to use phone as wifi hotspot. Joiku spot app for $15 can turn phone into wifi hotspot, but it only uses the cracked we encryption protocol.Summary: DO NOT BUY.  Despite an excellent build quality, keyboard & a good screen that can be seen in direct sunlight, I would not get this product again.  The drawbacks of the user interface & experience in general, plus Nokia's non existent support substantially outweigh the benefits of this phone.