My previous girlfriend was the Samsung galaxy nexus LTE Verizon. Just like how I met the galaxy nexus, I met the galaxy s4 online after missing a link on an Android OS fan website. I glanced at her with the tainted glaze of a man in love, but looked again at her alluring curves and quad core processor.After a few moments my galaxy nexus was wondering what I was doing, gazing longingly at another smartphone, and I closed my browser as fast as I could. Weeks later, when the galaxy nexus was recharging in the bedroom, I was able to have a free moment at the computer. I browsed in chrome to find information on this new alluring Galaxy S4 and I was perfectly surprised.LTE, super fast wireless internet1080p screen which shines with the power of the sun, and in just as good resolution for my perfect vision.She just seemed to tease me with her expandable memory, and inclusion of S voice.But just like a girl on prom night, she was the Belle of the ball, in her fancy dress with touchwiz features. Sure it looked so pretty from far away. So, glimmering, white, shiny, etc. And it drew me in with all the handy wavy features that I could wave my hand at.I went to bed that night with dreams of a better tomorrow in my future... maybe.So, when I got up the next day, and the galaxy nexus was pissed. See with this Google environment, if you browse in chrome on your computer with your Google account that you have synced to android, then that android device will know that you were looking up information on another phone. She was judging me for days, and calling me mean names about longing for a new phone that wasn't even born yet.A few weeks later, after I hadn't thought about the S4 in months, and my relationship with my galaxy nexus was going fine, there was the release date announcement. This time I couldn't contain my excitement and the galaxy nexus could tell. But this time, she was a bit more understanding. Anything that I'm passionate for, she should encourage, so long as it's healthy behavior.I should have said on the outset that Galaxy nexus and I are in an open relationship, and include other phones as guests from time to time. But this was different.Fast forward to my decision to purchase my new girlfriend, and everyone was so excited. The galaxy nexus and the s4 got along with sharing so much information about me and each other using DLNA, and NFC. And the speed of that S4, was just amazing.There's the usual, "familiarity" period with introducing someone new to the family like this, so I thought I'd just make a light transition, spending more and more time with the S4 everyday. Ignoring some, specific flaws in my "love has blinders on," "honeymoon," phase of our relationship.After a time, it was hard to ignore certain things that came up.The bloatware that can't be removed takes up space of my darling's poor 16GB of storage, leaving only about 6 GB of usable space.The smartwatch touchwiz feature is annoying after you realize how often you look away from your phone while watching a video.And the handy wavy gestures thing, is just like... getting up to that beautiful dress at prom/ball/whatever, and finding that it was indeed stitched together by some backwoods seamstress making minimum wage and clearly missed the point of some features of the dress.But, I've come to terms with her flaws. She loves me, and I love her. We're both willing to risk surgery via custom ROM to fix some more of her glaring flaws. But maybe that's down the road. We're both fine right now.