Ok now normally I don't ever bother with writing reviews but I felt compelled to warn other people who may be interested in purchasing this phone.I have had this phone for a month now. In that months time, this phone has cost me a $1000 fine, loss of friends and I have been put on several "blocked lists" from my contacts stored in the phone. Now for the explanation of all this...This phone will auto dial "Emergency Services". No joke. Even with the screen/keypad lock activated. Just recently it was placed on my kitchen table, no one around it and it called 911. I couldn't believe it. When I received that callback from 911, I was informed that they had received ANOTHER call from this #. When I explained what had happened I was informed to contact Samsung and possibly get a replacement phone. Oh and I was issued a $1000 fine for misuse of 911 services. Nice. Now, I stressed the word "ANOTHER". This phone calls 911 around 2 times a day, all by itself. It will auto dial people in your contacts list. It has called 99% of everyone in my list and if that person does not answer...the phone will ring back to you, making you think that you are receiving a call from someone when in reality the phone is doing a call back which means that when you answer the phone, you hear a ringing as if you are calling that person. They are not on the line. Oh and most of the time this will happen when the phone is not on your person or in your pocket. OMFG. My contacts have "Blacklisted" me because of this. And of course, the keypad and screen are always LOCKED. Many of my contacts have requested that I remove them from my contacts list. Which sucks. Then again I don't blame them. Oh and this is a Tracphone. Which means that every-time the phone chooses to auto dial, I lose minutes. Thankfully when I reach 0 min I will stomp this phone into a million little pieces.Now for the phone itself. If you think this phone will make a good QUERTY phone for texting, think again. You cannot adjust the auto text feature in it. It will input words for you that it thinks you mean with absolutely no way of correcting it. On the main screen there is a "Browser" word meaning if you push a certain button the internet will start. OMG another way that you will lose minutes quickly. That button for Browser is next to the "end call" button. Therefore every time you hang up a call, 9 times out of 10 you will activate the browser. And not even realize it. Bye Bye minutes.I honestly wish I could say something positive about this cellphone. Wait, I think I may have one. Its slim and easy to hold. Should make it much easier to smash when the time comes to destroy it. :) Now, im off to pay my fine.