I just purchased the M7 just following the release of the M8, and I have no reservations about buying last year's model.  Coming from two years using an up-to-date iPhone 4s, I was worried about the move to Android, but I am relatively pleased with the choice so far.  Of course, the M7 has its drawbacks, which Apple iOS brings into focus.  My old iPhone 4s serves to highlight some of the strengths and weaknesses of my new M7, but this is not meant to be a comparison between the two.  Here are my thoughts.Design+The HTC One is (even) better looking in person.  I was surprised at how thin it is.+/-Size-wise, the HTC One M7 is exactly how big I want it to be for functionality.  Unfortunately, it is a little big for jeans pockets and the M7 is just small enough that I can handle it one-handed.  My old 4s looks dainty in comparison to the HTC One, and I would not want a bigger phone.+Buttons are placed almost ideally for me and I no longer miss the physical iPhone home button.-However, the keyboard is no easier to use than Apple's, despite the large screen size.  One major annoyance is that when I type keys near the bottom of the keyboard, I often-very often-hit the back buttom "<" by mistake.+The mini usb charger cable stays firmly in the HTC One.  I cannot stand the iPhone 5 charger that falls out.+The speakers are nice, but they are not deal makers by any means.  I just do not use my phone like that.+The camera is a big improvement over the iPhone 4s, and it is probably in the ballpark of the 5s.  It's no DSLR.-I miss the physical mute button on the iPhone, but truly, the HTC One volume buttons are better than iPhone's.-I miss not being able to dock the HTC One in my Bose iPhone dock (I really blame this on Apple for having proprietary connections)FunctionalityIt took me some time to become accustomed to Android.  It is less intuitive than iOS, but Android feels far more capable and customizable, if not quite so smooth as iOS.-I suffer through way more hiccups, stalling and crashing with Android than I ever experienced with iOS.  Could be me.  Could be the phone.+The HTC One came loaded with the latest Android OS (4.4); some people are concerned about update support from HTC.+/-There is an entire Android environment out there.  It is not as cohesive as Apple's environment, but it is clearly more flexible.  For example, I have easy access to integrated Amazon content that I did not have with Apple.  I had immediate access to my entire Kindle library just by entering my Amazon logon/password.  Google Play is just as easy to use as the Apple Store, and I do not miss iTunes at all.+Android has many of the same security features as iOS, even if it does not control Apps in the same way.  For example, I easily encrypted my phone during set up; Android now has a "find my phone" feature that allows you to disable the phone (and it is ON by default).  On one hand, I do not like are the constant "requests" from Apps to log in or approve permissions.  On the other hand, Android is far more transparent about what kind of permissions your Apps require.+/-The user interface, such as scrolling, swiping, and typing, is not bad, but it does not have the refined feel of an Apple.  However, in my experience, the Android auto-correct and fill-in features are much better than on iOS.-I have not tried to migrate my iTunes music to my phone yet, but I do not look forward to it.-My vehicles and stereo equipment are compatible with iPhones, but have no built-in support for Android.  When I connect my HTC One to my 2013 vehicle radio using the AUX jack, I get hissing and fuzz, and cannot browse the player or advance or pause songs using the radio controls.  Moreover, I lose all of the radio-based menu control I had with the iPhone.  This is a potential safety issue for the careless driver and perhaps my greatest disappointment in switching to Android.+Blinkfeed, which is part of the proprietary HTC user interface that streams semi-customizable news and social updates to your phone, can now be turned off or moved to a different screen.  Yes, you can now turn that off.-Bloatware.  This is something Apple users do not have to put up with.  There is way too much preloaded software on this phone that you cannot remove.  A lot of it is vulnerable social media kinds of software like Facebook and Google+.  I like my privacy and would prefer to be able to remove most of this bloatware.  Also, the phone comes preloaded with redundant software.  For example, I have multiple programs for saving and viewing photos right out of the box.  Most people just want one good one.-Following the last comment, the HTC One/Android is very pushy about trying to get users to download more bloatware and interconnect all of their media and electronic life.  For example, I rarely, rarely, use Facebook.  But once I opened it, the HTC One would not stop harassing me about giving Blinkfeed access to Facebook (it wanted to stream Facebook updates to the Blinkfeed "wallpaper").  Likewise, the HTC One wanted me to update several bloatware apps I never use.  When I closed the update notices, they simply reappeared each and every following day.  Apple iOS would not have done that to me.-/+Battery life.  This phone uses about half its battery in a day's use.  I am not a heavy user though.  My old phone, which only ran 3G, and not 4GLTE, used about 15% of its battery per day when it was new!  It's not horrible; I don't need to recharge my phone halfway through the day, but it could be better.