Though this phone has a laundry list of desirable features, which unfortunately lead me into choosing to purchase this phone, they are offset by being poorly integrated into the product design as a whole. To provide some incite to readers regarding my choice, let me start by first stating that I was looking for a relatively inexpensive cell phone to use at work and on the road primarily as a phone, and secondarily to also provide basic access to data services for occasional texting and internet browsing.To begin, I feel I should point out certain shortcomings of this device as they undermine the overall value of this phone.:The primary number key pad is laid out for one touch browsing and messaging.This in and of itself causes the greatest problems. One of the two primary menu select keys doubles as the web browser activation key. The same button used to back out of various menu listings also opens an internet connection. What this means basically, is that you will always be 1-click away from being billed airtime. The keys also only have a 'so-so' responsiveness, so I find myself retapping keys quite often. I don't really text much, which is to say almost not at all, and easily find my keystrokes outpacing the display. Put together, these issues make it a near certainty that anyone using this model cell phone will open the web browser and be immediately charged airtime. To give you an idea of how often one is required to press the browse internet button, know that it is also the second button pressed to release the key lock. So, anytime you need to use the phone and it has been idle, or in your pocket, or in your purse. The button cannot be remapped to allow a less intrusive configuration. That alone may give you pause in choosing this product.:The phone has a slide out qwerty keyboard.The keyboard slides out with little resistance. So little in fact it reminds me how it feels to shuffle a deck of cards. I personally find this less appealing than a palpable click into place sensation, but for those that need to whip out the 'chat pad' with blazing speed and Teflon smoothness it may be an enjoyable 'feature'. The problem here is that sliding the keyboard out automatically and immediately unlocks the main numeric and menu keys. Yes, this does save you the trouble of having to do the little finger dance needed to unlock the face keys, but it does not relock them just as quickly as it unlocks them when sliding it closed again. What this means basically(see above), is that any shifting around in ones pocket or purse can unlock the phone leaving one vulnerable to accidental use and billed airtime. The keyboard cannot be locked....This phone seems like it was designed from the ground up to (1)make it difficult to quickly access any desirable advertised design feature that does not bill air time or provide Tracfone a revenue stream, and to (2)purposefully and unnecessarily burn through prepaid minutes to speed up the process of replenishing said prepaid minutes. Though these conditions are far from unique, I can only hope some enterprising attorney recognizes their class action value.There is more that I should add, but it's getting late, and if you have read this far, then you likely get the picture already. Since a reviewer cannot give a zero star rating it gets one star, which effectively means that people that don't know this will think the phone still has more merit than it does. In truth, the triple minutes are worth one star so it balances out, I guess, kinda, sorta.