As a Galaxy S and Galaxy S2 user, I find Samsung's next generation of its flagship Android phone specially interesting. My first impressions were dominated by it's bigger size, compared with its predecessors - it's 4.8 inches compared with the S2's 4.3 - and as you swipe up to wake the device up, it has a beautiful screen. I loved the watery sound and the ripples that signal Samsung's nature theme for this phone. So much, in fact, that I must admit I kept turning the phone on and off a good many times just to see the animation again and again. The ripples are also an immediate demonstration of how fluid and fast the phone is, and this you can see immediately as you begin to navigate around. Stuff happens so fast when you touch something that you've actually got to start being savvy about how it behaves to avoid accidental touches. This is Android on steroids.The specs on this device make it the fastest powerhouse in the smartphone world right now. Samsung's own Exymos quad-core processor (at least on the device I reviewed) and 1GB of RAM make everything you do on this phone fast. Browsing, videos, (sorry but I hate games), multi-tasking etc is supersonic. The S3's camera is said to be the same one as on the iPhone 4s. In daylight, you get great pictures. I didn't fare so well with low light conditions, but that's the case with most smartphone cameras. This phone has a few tricks up its sleeve which I at first was most excited about because it signified a direction in enhancing the user's experience. Not all of these worked as well as they should though. There's the S-Voice, the Siri clone, which didn't necessarily understand me or be very helpful. I asked it what I could take for a headache and it said it really couldn't help with that. Another personal assistant app, Iris, although mostly into sassy answers, told me what over-the-counter medicine to try. But the S Voice goes off to search for stuff I wanted coming back with instant results unlike Iris who tells me to go do a search on my own. She also sometimes tells me I can take what I like for a headache! The S Voice function is supposed to wake the phone up and that's where I had the most frustration. Similarly with opening up various apps on the phone.Another trick, Smart Stay, is supposed to keep the screen lit up while you're looking at it. This is achieved with the front-facing camera, of course. But it just doesn't work in low-ish indoor lighting. The one reason it gets a rating of 4 is because these features weren't taken to their fullest flawless extent when the company's line is "Designed for humans." But other tricks such as the S Beam to share files and All Share Play to stream music and other media, work well. The S2 sold wildly -- now it remains to be sen whether the S3 will be as stellar.My phone was a review unit from Samsung and is now back with them. The detailed review and FAQ is on the Businessworld website, should anyone be interested in comparisons etc.