I did a ton of research and picked up this phone while it was on sale. I was very surprised by the small form factor and build quality. Feels very solid in your hand and the rubberized coating on the back prevents slipping. The keyboard was a change for me coming from a Blackberry. The keys feel like they were coated in the same rubber coating on the case and are packed really close together with no gaps in between. They have a very soft feedback that reminds me of using an old school rubber keypad; they don't have the hard click I am used to. That being said, I am sure I would have got used to it. I knew the phone didn't come with a volume rocker switch and I overestimated how much I would miss it. Having to pull the phone away from your ear to adjust the volume is a little annoying.I used this phone with my ATT sim card and it recognized it out of the box with no input from me needed. Reception was terrific and call volume was good. I wanted to use this phone only on Wifi because I didn't want to pay for a data plan. The phone asks you every single time what connection you want to use anytime you run an app that connects to the net. This is really annoying and the fact that you can't establish connection priorities is a huge oversight. I took a suggestion and downloaded an app from the Ovi store specifically to correct this but I couldn't get it to work correctly as it kept wanting to switch to 3G or edge after I was out of Wifi range. Adding to the headache, with 3G disabled the app won't work correctly because it has no other network to switch to.The UI is....... I don't know how to describe it. It feels very 90's to me. Its certainly functional but a little attention to ease of use and polish couldn't hurt. The options to change settings on the phone for the most part are easy to access but there are a lot of inconsistencies that kinda ruin the experience. Lots of messages to confirm over and over, digging through tons of sub menus. I was expecting something a bit more seamless.Google offers a sync app that only works for Gmail for the symbian OS. So I setup the Nokia exchange app to sync my google calender and contacts. I followed the instructions on google's website to the letter but it kept coming up with error messages that the sync was failing. Even with the errors, I was getting my email but not my calender or contacts. Frustrating.So the phone is going back and it looks like I will have to spend more money to get the UI and setup experience I am looking for. If you have a data plan and are tech savy enough to find apps and tweaks, I am sure you can get the E63 to work like a dream and come out on top considering the price of the phone.