If you've owned the Rugby (A837) or Rugby II (A847), the new Rugby III (A997) will be pretty familiar.  I had the original Rugby as my frontline cell phone for a long time, and I liked the ruggedness and general durability of it.  But it had its shortcomings, most notably a rather small screen.  I passed on the Rugby II (although my mom has one, so I'm familiar with it), hoping something much better would eventually be offered.The Rugby III has a few notable improvements, the most obvious being the larger main screen.  It's 240x320 pixel and 2.4 inches diagonal, same as a number of "senior-oriented" phones like the Pantech Breeze line and the LG A340, also offered by AT&T.;  The web browser is a bit better now, and can handle most reasonable web sites, although you're not going to watch movies on this phone.  The texting interface is nicer and offers a lot more special characters than before.  The camera has been increased to 3MP in size, but still doesn't offer many effects features - but it is now fully functional from the outside while closed, using the external screen as the viewfinder.  The AT&T; Address Book sync feature is probably the only useful app of the included bloatware - it allows you to upload your address book from both the phone and SIM to an AT&T; server, where you can then retrieve it from a different/new phone should something happen to yours.  The Rugby III also includes AT&T;'s enhanced Push To Talk (ePTT).On the downside, I'm disappointed with the navigation buttons.  The main arrow keys are almost flush to the center button and are visibly smaller than they used to be, making it very easy to accidentally push "OK" when you meant to go left or right.  The USB/charging port is still that flimsy little tab and is even more difficult to open quickly.  The body surface isn't the rubbery feel of the original Rugby; it's more of a matte-finish coated plastic than what used to feel like a legitimate rubberized coating.  There's also one feature in the texting that I can't turn off and makes no sense to me... the first 30 inbound text messages (but not multimedia messages) are saved on the SIM, but message 31 and up go to the phone memory.  I don't want texts on my SIM... if I need to archive them, I'd rather copy them to the microSD card or transfer them via USB cable to my computer.  The text interface is also rather skittish when you want to capitalize the first letter of the next word ("Abc" mode)... sometimes it will do it right away, sometimes it won't and you have to back up and do it again.The Rugby III will do just fine for most everyday usage, or when you are a little rough/clumsy with your phone.  It's one of the very few decent flip phones left on the market that aren't cheap/thin "basic" phones.  But if you need a true "rugged" phone from AT&T;, spend the big money and get the Sonim XP5560 Bolt.