In today's smartphone market, it is hard to find a phone that is actually a decent "phone" size. That is, one that does not feel like a brick when you hold it to your ear. When I saw the Nokia C6-01, I knew I found my next phone. The phone fits perfectly in my hand and is a pleasure to use as a phone. It is heavy for its size, but somehow, that just makes me feel more confident in its build. Since this replaced a Nokia E72, the screen size was not a problem for me. It is big enough for me to see everything I want, and I rarely even need to zoom when reading web pages. Lastly, the AMOLED is super bright, and easy to read in sunlight. It will not disappoint. Even the standby screen (that shows the time when the phone is not in use) is relatively bright. I especially like this feature which really adds to the sophisticated look of the phone.Hardware: Everybody knows Nokia builds quality hardware, so I will not spend too much time on this. Call quality is good so far and the speakerphone is clear. The button placements are well thought out, especially the unlock slider. Slide to lock, slide to unlock. I use it a lot. And if you hold the slider for a few seconds, the camera flash LED turns on as a flashlight. Very useful. One complaint is there is a little slop in the slider. (Not what I expected from a Nokia phone.) The 8MP camera is good in bright environments, although for indoor shots, there is some noise. I am still not sure how I feel about fixed focus cameras, but I guess most of my shots are decent so far for a camera phone.Software: Symbian ^3 is a huge improvement from S60 in terms of "prettying up" the UI. The usability itself is still close to the pre-touch era. (E.g. why can I not swipe between call logs for missed calls, received, and dialed? Instead I have to press the tiny tab buttons on the top of the screen...) I have to admit, the 3 home screens are useful, especially with widgets that automatically update weather, sports scores, tweets, RSS feeds, etc. One thing I like about Symbian it is very customizable and I have access to all the settings. It may take a few button presses to get there, but I am OK with that. Also, nothing can beat the free Ovi maps. It has turn-by-turn navigation and traffic updates. It is fast, accurate, and FREE. The search feature also works quite well, which saves time when you only need to type in the name of the place instead of the full address. Lastly, Nokia is coming out with awesome apps from their Beta Labs. I use Situations to put my phone in silent mode during work hours, and Normal mode when I am at home (using my GPS position). And I am trying out Nokia Drop to push files to my phone.Cons/Quirks:1. The proximity sensor does not work dependably when I hold the phone over my hair. That caused a lot of disconnections in the first few days. I was about the send it back when I realized that the problem is gone if I place the phone directly on my ear (that is underneath my hair). This is a strange problem that I do not see in other phones (tested on an iPhone 4). I will live with it for now though, since it is not much of a bother for me.2. The phone can be a little sluggish at times. For example, when I turn the phone to type a message, it takes a few seconds for the screen to actually switch orientation. Or sometimes I have to turn the phone a couple times.3. Battery life can last 1 day with mid-to-heavy usage. I would like that to last a little longer.Closing thoughts:I know this review sounds like there is a lot wrong with the phone, but I am actually really happy with it. This phone is fun to use and a lot of the features are well though out. It has everything that I require from a smartphone. And I cannot stress how important the size is to me. The Symbian OS may be coming to an end, but I am OK riding it out with the C6-01 and waiting for what Nokia comes out with next.  Last thing: people with big hands might want to try the phone out before purchasing.