Prior to purchasing the E71, I had the iPhone 3G. Granted the user-interface and touch response of the iPhone is great but I honestly prefer the E71 over the iPhone. Here are my reasons why:- You maybe wondering, why would someone downgrade from an iPhone 3G to Nokia E71 (2008 phone)? Simply because the E71 cuts all the unnecessary garbage and is just GREAT for making and receiving calls, checking e-mails (work, school and personal), maps/directions, music, calendar, contacts, slim form-factor, long battery life and most importantly, it's MADE IN FINLAND!- DESIGN: It's sleek and solid. Very well built and feels good in your hands. Metal backing and overall, looks very classy!- MUSIC: E71 is expandable via micro-SD. Invested in a 8GB micro-SD card (Class 6), transferred my music, purchased a 2.5mm to 3.5mm headphone jack adapter, bought a Fiio Headphone Amplifier and you've got yourself a high-quality portable MP3 player AND you can answer calls, browse the internet and check e-mails.- MAPS: Ovi Maps (offers voice-guided directions) and Google Maps are both great! One feature I absolutely LOVED about Google Maps for E71 was the voice-recognition feature. Press the TALK button and say the name of your destination (ex. XYZ Drycleaners), I was blown away by its accurracy - it actually works flawlessly! With Ovi Maps, you can download maps from different countries. I'll be traveling to India this summer and the idea/concept of having the map of India for point-to-point direction is just phenomenal.- KEYBOARD - Now I'm back to using a physical QWERTY keyboard but the layout is great. Well placed, raised keys. After a week or so, you'll get familiar and will be typing at a good speed.- SCREEN/MENU: Great resolution, brightness. Adjustable menus, icons, apps etc. The layout of the menus and options is simple and straightforward. Won't even need to look at the manual, it's user-friendly.- It's got VIDEO CHAT facility with a front-facing camera.- It's got an FM Radio which works great!Overall, if you're looking for a phone that DOES THE JOB and DOES IT EFFECTIVELY and EFFICIENTLY, go with this phone. Sound quality and clarity is great. I can go for 2 days EASY without having to charge the phone. If you're looking for a multimedia device, iPhone is your best bet. However, I've successfully been able to use pretty much all the features I used on my iPhone - maps (Ovi maps and Google Maps), E-mail, Shazam, Calendar, Facebook, Skype. I have the E71-2 North American Unlocked version. In other words, this is a WORLD phone! :) I've received several compliments on this phone in the past month that I've owned it. It differentiates you from the rest of the people with Blackberry's, iPhones, HTC's etc. No one can ever tell that it's a 2008 phone!Not really CONS but I'll say drawbacks:- no thread feature for text messaging- browsing the internet can be time consuming/cumbersome - but I don't usually surf the net on a mobile device that much anyway - (whether iPhone or E71)