I agree with most of what's been written already here and I'd like to add my 2 cents as I have owned the n95-8GB too and I can tell you categorically, the N82 is a much better phone.Despite of the fact that it doesn't have 3G, I've decided to buy it and the reason is that I don't really need the 3G most of the times. Since it has Wi-Fi I can compensate for extensive downloads and applications. Using the EDGE is of course 'painful' compared to 3G and the only downside is that download and voice calls can't go through simultaneously. No biggy.N95 had a lot of bugs and very annoying lags in the camera when shooting (see my n95 review). Worst was a few seconds (literally) from the moment the shutter was pressed to the moment the picture was taken, processed and have the camera ready for the next one. An absolute no go... Slider is so flimsy on the N95 that I was really afraid the screen part is going to crack and dislocate.The N82's camera is a great improvement on that part. It has a Xenon flash and a much faster response time. I personally prefer the lens slide as a camera activator because it prevents accidental camera mode when in the holster, something I have experienced with the N95 quite a lot.Very useful function (especially for travelers): The modem function works great either via the USB modem driver or the Bluetooth, with download speeds that could put some so-called `broadband' speeds to shame. This is great in places where you have no Wi-Fi or free Wi-Fi for your laptop (like in Airport terminals, etc).The phone also syncs with the PC (outlook) using the same connections (through the USB or via Bluetooth)MicroSD: The N82's spec doesn't state support for HC MicroSD memory, but I took the chance and bought an 8GB one and it works flawlessly...Screen: Auto rotation is somewhat annoying but it can be disabled.Media player: Sometimes it freezes with other applications running to the point when it freezes and restarts the phone. It happens rarely but it does (with the latest FW version). Sound quality is reasonable although on my phone I hear clicks and pops on the over tones which is weird because I only transferred the songs as MP3 without additional compression to MP4 which is available through the Media Manager.A-GPS: Well this is a debatable function and whether useful or not it is up to how much really one needs a GPS. I find it to be a nice toy to have but I don't consider it as a serious GPS. In fact the Nokia maps are not so great for this service. The Voice guidance is free for only 3-days after which the navigation is disabled and when used, it redirects to purchase options which are so ridiculously expensive. I downloaded Google maps for the phone which work much better overall.Battery life: Much better than the N95, though it is not even close to what's in the spec. I don't know why Nokia doesn't think about that. The battery should be at least 1300mAh to give a decent battery life between charges.Overall it's a good phone for the price I paid (I don't see why one would pay more than a $150) for the black one as priced on Amazon, or even more for the N95 which doesn't give you more for the money.