Is HTC on the verge a splashing comeback? HTC reminds me of Apple in mid 90s when they were struggling. People had ruled out HTC but they have come back with a bang! I upgraded one of my family phones to HTC One. I have a Galaxy Note 2, and recently used S4 for an extensive period. So at places I may compare with what I have experienced.HTC One build is excellent, smartphone design absolutely amazing, and a delight to hold. Aluminum is used for the backplate and sides, making it an all-aluminum body. It certainly feels better than Samsung phones in some areas. The ergonomics and looks of HTC One are stunning. The screen size is certainly smaller than Note 2 and even S4.4.7 in screen with a resolution of 1,920 by 1,080 pixels. Full HD 469 ppi (Corning Gorilla Glass 2, Gorilla Glass is the alkali-aluminosilicate sheet toughened glass manufactured by glassmaker Corning.  Version 2 of Glass was introduced in 2012). The phone is thin and light. I highly recommend you to try it at a nearby store. Reading reviews do no justice to the phone; once you experience it, you will drool. I am happy there is a stiff competition between phone vendors. I don't have attachment to any one vendor. I am open to trying all vendors.HTC One runs Jellybean Android 4.1.2, using HTC's Sense user interface, not sure if it will be upgradeable to version 5.0 "Key Lime Pie". We may see 4.2.2, or 4.3 version of JellyBean rumored for Google I/O in May 15-17 2013, just a week away as I write this review.Key Notes:* Quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 600 processor running at 1.7GHz with 2GB of RAM* 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac support future proof for now. Note the support of "ac"* GPS, NFC, gyro, accelerometer, proximity, ambient lightAWESOME speakers. Per HTC, stereo speakers come with amplifiers, and Beats Audio technology for deeper bass. HTC one also has 2 microphones for reducing noise.* Camera is awesome; don't let the 4 MP fool you. It is the old photographer's adage. It is the not the megapixel, it's the sensor that matters! This camera is very light sensitive, and I was able to get great photos in low light situations.* micro-USB port for battery charging supports MHL, so if you buy an adapter you can use HDMI. Lot of people are not aware of MHL and not widely popularized. Basically you can make your smartphone into a giant computer. Connect smartphones to HDMI monitors or HDTVs, use Bluetooth keyboard and mouse and control smartphone. Per Wikipedia "Mobile High-Definition Link (MHL) is an industry standard for a mobile audio/video interface that allows consumers to connect mobile phones, tablets and other portable consumer electronics (CE) devices to high-definition televisions (HDTVs) and audio receivers. The MHL standard supports up to 1080p/60 high-definition (HD) video and 7.1 surround sound audio while simultaneously charging the connected device."  DLNA Support is also included. These are awesome features indeed, and not noted much.* Just like the Samsung Galaxy feature, HTC One also works as an infrared sensor for controlling the consumer devicesSome cons:* 32 GB/64 GB models , but Lack of microSD card support may come as an issue for some* Battery cannot be removed (Li-Po 2300 mAh battery)* microSIM card is released by punching a paper clip. Just like iphones. As battery is not removable, this design is adopted by HTC* To Note: unlike international version, the Chinese models feature a removable back cover, featuring a Micro SD slot for storage expansion and dual SIM card slots. Dual SIMs are very popular in Asia not in US.* Crapware/Bloatware. Why do the phone manufacturers think they are adding value by adding software like Blinkfeed which cannot be removed. HTC advertises as a feature, I view it as a nuisance. There are no alternatives except vanilla Google Nexus phones. ASUS adds its own extra software, Samsung has its own. I feel they at least make provisions to remove these crapware. Remember windows PC in late 90s loaded with all kinds of stuffs which no one ever usedI have tried following apps from my Play library and they just worked awesome.Amazon MobileAndroid StatusAmazon Kindle (very sharp for quick reading, I use black background white text)AndroidifyAngry Birds (Space/Seasons)Asphalt 7Amazon App StoreBoxCar Maintenance Reminder ProChromeCNET TVNAVIGON (from Garmin - offline maps), was AWESOME!Google Navigation/Earth/MapsGoogle Currents (nice way to read News)Draw SomethingGoogle DriveEbayLinkedinGoogle Music (I have over 10,000 songs/podcasts) and it is free!Tapatalk (awesome forum browsing app)OverDrive Media Console: Library eBooks & Audiobooks (public library consumption of media)Microsoft One Note (legacy docs, skydrive of 25 GB is good)Subsonic Music StreamerTerminal Emulator (still need to use vi, yes this is it)TweetCaster Pro for Android (excellent twitter client)Twit.TvGoogle VoicePlenty of Widgets - BatteryPro, SwitchProPlease ask questions. I like when people ask questions as I get more chance to review and poke into! I will be glad to answer any questions.