I've been a Tracfone customer for over 8 years...Tracfone is all my whole family uses.  Got this phone for my daughter...who is 10 by the way.  She always kept her old phone in her bookbag to make calls on the bus to me here at the house...she got this.. and I'm here to tell you, she had the WiFi set up in like 3 minutes.  I just don't see how so many people are complaining about WiFi when my 10 year old had it done in no time.  Anyhow, she likes to text me while on the bus, even more so now with this phone with the keyboard...so, it was time for me to get a better phone..so I got me one of these phones as well.  Took less than 5 minutes to switch my number and remaining time from my old phone to this one using Tracfones website.  I set my WiFi up less than 5 minutes.  Like other have stated, the screen is a bit small for doing a lot of Web Browsing..but you can do it.  This phone loads and switches pages faster than any Tracfone I've had yet.  We usually update our phones yearly.Like at the beginning of my post said, my daughter keeps her phone in her book bag..that's with books being thrown in there with it, water bottles and so on.  She has NEVER had this phone dial 911 like other people are saying.  Not saying it's not happening to other, but just hasn't to her.We live out in the sticks...when I say that, I'm not kidding.  25 miles to the nearest Walmart or any Grocery store.  We are out in the country...but this phone has GREAT service!  Not a dropped call yet.  The phone has great volume.Haven't downloaded any music/ringtones to it yet..because I'm not for sure where to get free ringtones at??  Tracfone is wanting way too many minutes for a small ringtone file..has anyone found a place to download free ring tones? If so, comment and let me know.I did find a Jelly Silicone case for this phone.  If you'll do an Amazon search for Samsung R390...that's  the one.  I looked at pics here online and they looked just about the same..so took my chances and ordered it..was less than 3.60 and that included S&H.;  Got it in yesterday...it fits PERFECT!  Only downside is that the Camera is just a bit over on this phone...so the whole in the back of the case for the Camera didn't match up with the camera on this phone.  I don't use the camera much, so not a biggie for me..and when I need to, you can pull down the case and take a pic in one second.So...all in all, this is a great phone for the money.  When my phone came in the mail..I ordered it through the TF website...it came with a FREE 15.00 gift card for gas  AND and 10.00 gift card for "lunch on us"  got to choose between like 30 different restaurants..PLUS, When I activated it, they gave me 25 free minutes...so I ended up getting this phone for about 20 bucks.  Even if I hadn't gotten those GC, the phone is still well worth the money.