I somewhat researched this phone and overall it had mixed reviews.  However I had read many that said the phone's software had alot of problems, but I decided to give it a try anyways. It was fairly easy to use and I loved all the features it came with. The wifi was also very good and i enjoyed the fm radio and the headphones it came with.  Email setup was also really easy.  Unfortunately I soon found out that the software problems talked about on the discussions were not limited to a few phones as i'd hoped.Some things that bothered me were relatively insignificant like finding no way of adding my contacts from my sim card to the contacts bar unless i created a new contact, the build of the phone seemed a bit cheap, and the qwerty keyboard i found to be a bit too small for me even though i have skinny fingers.  Call quality was also not so great.  But what made it a dealbreaker for me was the several crashes, self reboots, and screen freezes it had...and that was only a week of fairly moderate to light usage.  At first i thought this might be due to a type of information overload thing as in maybe it only crashed while surfing the net or listening to music but not even, it crashed and restarted when i was doing something so basic as writing a text.  Specifically, going through Nokias Ovi store had a maximum of maybe 5 minutes if i was lucky, since it always crashed not too long after i entered the site. Not only did it crash and reboot several times, but the software was also really bug-y, for example when i went through my texts one by one the bar on the bottom would flicker every time i switched to the next, and the home screen would sometimes go a little nuts and have black lines or the name of the app i just exited floating in the middle? Probably more annoying than anything was the game of peekaboo i played every time a message notification popped up...since it popped up, then hid, then popped up again, then hid...it was only after a few of these that i could actually be able to hit the message notification and read my message. The phone sometimes lagged quite a bit, specifically the accelerometer when switching from portrait to landscape modes and the three keys on the bottom (call, home, end) had to be pressed especially hard.I decided to go into the Nokia discussion boards to possibly find a solution to the phones not so great software.  What i found was an overwhelming number of people with the same problems (crashes, freezes, restarting), who have been waiting for a software update that would fix the bugs on the phone since it was released...and that was around 6+ months ago...after reading this i decided i was definitely not going to be a sitting duck and wait for Nokia to maybe decide to fix what someone described as a "half-baked" product and i agree. I am not a tech-y person at all, in fact this was my first 'smartphone' and my first time using a touchscreen and it was so disappointing.  If i'm paying money for something i expect it to work properly and not have to deal with something that was sloppily put together. I only had it for a week...i cant imagine it lasting more than a month.  Im currently awaiting on my refund.In conclusion, it really is sad because had the phone been properly manufactured or the bugs been fixed, it would've been an awesome phone.UPDATE 1/17/10:i got my refund promptly and i then ordered the Nokia e63...in my opinion its been everything the 5530 could have been had it been fixed minus the touchscreen...have had it for a few weeks now and its been great...would definitely recommend the e63 to anyone who was as disappointed with the 5530 as i was.