I like Nokia. I really do; my first cell phone in 1998 was a Nokia and it still works to this day. Compare that with the 4 Samsung devices I've had over the years, all of which broken almost exactly a year after the day of activation. I dislike Samsung, I really do.Anyways, once my latest Samsung broke (touch screen petered out, of course), I purchased the E63 and I immediately liked it. I was looking for a phone with a physical keyboard and the E63 was a good price and seemed to have good features. It's not a perfect phone by any means, but over time it gets better and better and I discover more features that make it all the well worthwhile.PROS- Physical keyboard is wonderful and responsive- Has decent office software where you can make work documents and excel spreadsheets- Includes a music player that is decent- Speaker is loud- LOVE the internet radio and the program is very easy to use- Wi-Fi is great and rarely drops a signal- microSD slot allows you to expand your memory- Has the ability to view Flash on web browser- Call quality is good. I've never had difficulty hearing the person on the other end and never head any complaints on my end. Loudspeaker is robust- Tons of shortcut buttons built in. You have the left and right selection button as well as four One touch buttons in-between. And depending on how you organize the home screen, you can use the 4-way selection and middle button as shortcuts as well.- My phone was made in Finland and withstands the worst of slams and drops.- Screen is crisp and clearCONS- Ovi Store STINKS. There is nothing there, half of what is is broken and low-quality. I've only downloaded a bare handful of things and only found one decent theme. It's nothing like what Android and iTunes offers- Little to no personalization options outside of the business perspective (e.g. where you want your calendar to show, reminders on the home screen). As a run-of-the-mill consumer, I would like to have a selection of better themes on Ovi Store or an easy to use application that allows me to build my own theme using my own images, color selections, etc. I've been using the same theme all year and while I still like it, I wish I had more choice- Camera isn't great but that doesn't really bother me.- You cannot view, input or add any language besides those who use the typical alphabet. I read Chinese and everytime I'm on a Chinese website, I get block code. I researched how to download Chinese script but it's region exclusive and the only way you can access it is if you bring your phone to a flagship Nokia store for them to add it or for you to "flash" the phone yourself. I resorted to the second option and while it wasn't horribly difficult, I have computer science experience and I can imagine the normal consumer would be hard pressed to even feel comfortable invading their phone, since it can destroy the software. So if you want to read and type in any Russian, Japanese, Korean, Chinese, Thai, Vietnamese, basically any alphabet that isn't based on the typical ABCs, be prepared to do a little work or just look for another more internationally friendly phone.- For being based off a business phone, this isn't very travel friendly. The E63 has a dictionary but if you travel to any country that doesn't use the Roman alphabet, you're SOL. There are no apps to support the traveling business man- Nokia support online is zilch. There's a healthy community of Nokia enthusiasts, but that takes a while to slog through to look for what you want.Nokia is a dying company and it is a shame because they really make great hardware. Nokia needs to adapt Android OS to survive against the iPhone, but we'll see how their new Windows phone is.