The HTC One has been out on Verizon for about a year at this point, and even though HTC has announced that it's successor will be hitting carriers soon, I chose to opt for the tried and true original for my recent upgrade.  There are several reasons that I didn't get one of the newest android phones, and having previously worked in the cellular industry for several years I no longer feel the need to have the latest thing.  Following that kind of mentality often gets you burned, and you end up with buyer's remorse when things don't go as advertised.These days, I prefer to stick with phones that have already established themselves as capable and dependable devices.  Furthermore, I've owned phones with just about every operating system available, so I feel confident about what software can offer a smartphone user in terms of an overall experience.  My wife and I both had our choice of devices to order, and she chose the Galaxy S4 which is also an excellent Android device with more features than she will ever need or use.  I chose the HTC One, because I wanted something more simple yet powerful and technically diverse enough to make my experience as smooth as possible.In many ways, the S4 and the HTC One are the best Android phones on the market right now, and their popularity reflects that.  The "One" is a great multi purpose phone that shines in all of the right areas.  It really doesn't overspecialize in any department though, so there are some features that may fall short for some consumers.  For example, the camera isn't as capable as the ones found on competing devices, but it's good enough for the user who wants to be able to capture shots on the go.The "One" gets wonderful reception and really takes advantage of the 4G LTE network with an impressively speedy processor that provides lightning fast response for web browsing or loading apps.  HTC also fitted the "One" with an exceptional high resolution screen that provides vibrant, colorful images in high definition.  Watching Youtube videos on this thing is as good as watching on my computer monitor at home.One of the shortfalls of this device is that the phone only comes with 32GB of internal memory without an external expansion port.  That's fine for me since I only stream music and take a few photos here and there, but if I really wanted to download movies or download all of my digital albums, the internal memory wouldn't cut it.  The sturdy aluminum body also precludes the ability to remove the battery from the phone which might be inconvenient for some should it need replacing.I really can't say much else that other people haven't said about the device in terms of features, but having used pretty much every smartphone OS, I can say that Android is my favorite hands down.  My last phone was a Windows phone, and despite the fact that the user interface was perhaps the most fluid and simplistic of the operating systems, the lack of platform support from outside developers was frustrating.Android has found its place in the market over the years, and their support base continues to grow.  That being said, the HTC One is a great phone, and with the price its a tough act to beat.  Even though there are phones out that might outclass the "One" it still holds its own for those who may be late adopters like me.