I am really surprised at all the negative reviews by the bloggers and tech writers about the phone. I personally think none of them have ever touched or used this phone before making a judgement. I'll sum it up.1. Is it a phone or a tablet?? - Tablets are not practical to carry around and if you enjoy 11" screen vs 55" tv, i cannot argue with you. Tablets are cool, and if only browse and chat they are  better buy than pc or mac , in terms of both price and simplicity.  Coming to note, it is a phone which has the most usable internet experience coz of it's size and execution.2. It is not bulky, it is super sleek and very light - Forget what these bloggers are saying , if you don't believe me, hold your iphone and hold the gigantic galaxy note in you hand and you be the judge. Don't let it's size fool you. It's bigger screen is really a + for multimedia , but is weighs the same as you 4" phone. Also my hands are not big but i am still able to operate the note with one hand.3. It does fit in pocket very easily - Again it is the execution. The phone is so light and thin that you hardly notice it. Agreed it won't fit in your back pocket but i don't think most people keep their phone in the back. And all those apple folks with the gigantic otter box on iphone, please stop whining about big and bulky.4. It is very very fast - the browser is superfast when you get 4g LTE or wifi. There are few software quirks, but those are limited to android and the integration, both of which are fixable.5. Amazing display - it takes few days to month to get used to it. It is so bright and vibrant and i felt the colors are over saturated, but again our eyes are trained to watch the faded ones. Once you use this for few days you will love it and please do not put any screen protector that could reduce it's brightness or else you will be disappointed.6. Stylus is very functional and almost close to perfect - it's a huge leap from what we used in palm :). The stylus feature is very useful for me as i am able to comment on the designs my designers send me for reviews. Do i use stylus all the time? NO. But again the subtle features like this is what makes this phone great. Now i have a phone that can call, browse the internet easily and faster, take beautiful pictures, act as a gps, help me in my profession and in the night act as a night stand, guess all i can ask more if it's got a D#&% massager...seriously.7. GPS - with screen so big, Google's navigation is a delight.Overall I am very happy with this phone. I am an entrepreneur and technologist and i was so much waiting for a device like this and i can totally assure you that samsung has lived up to the expectation with the very 1st execution. I am sure it'll improve a lot in coming years.  In fact bigger is only better , if it knows what it is doing ;) and galaxy is a prime example of that.