Only been using for 1 day, so this is more of first impressions at this point.  I will update with more information as needed.Came with wall charger, screen protector, headphones, and a separate package including a USB car charger and cable (unexpected).  Overall impressions are very positive so far.  Screen looks pretty good.  Access to micro-sd without removing the battery.  Very fast boot time.  Nice feel and weight.  Almost NO crapware pre-installed.  Dual-SIM is really awesome (I will spend some more time on that later).  Call quality seems fine, maybe a little quiet hearing the other party, but average.  Haven't found a way to keep the capacitive buttons illuminated, but I'm trying to fix that with 3rd party app now.  Camera isn't the best, especially in low light.  I think this is party due to a pretty weak flash.  Battery life isn't too great, but I think that's because I haven't really put it down yet.I will go into detail on a few features I think are significant below:Dual-SIM.  This is the first dual-sim phone I've had, so I'm not sure if these features are stock android or added in by BLU.  Very nice feature.  Only one will support WCDMA/GSM the 2nd is GSM only.  You can decide which SIM to use for the three functions (voice, text, data) or you can have it ask you each time.  So when I go to make a call, it will ask me which sim to use (which is essentially which number you want the other person to see).  This is really cool.  I have a feeling this may be impacting my battery life, as it is running 2 radio simultaneously.  Very cool for people who currently have a work and a personal phone, and would like to consolidate.Network Speeds:  I use AT&T;, and it seems they don't give much love to data speeds on their HSPDA network.  With full signal, I am only getting 1Mb/500Kb speeds.  Not a huge deal, but it is noticeable coming from their LTE network.  I have a feeling the T-Mobile speeds will be much, much better.  Maybe a work AT&T; SIM for voice/text and a T-Mobile SIM to use for data with the 30/month package they have would be almost perfect.Settings:  It seems there isn't as much flexibility in the settings.  This could change as I continue using it, but here are a couple of examples of things I was looking for and couldn't find.  Capacitive touch buttons light timeout (it seems really short, and I almost never see them lit).  Notification options on home screen - there are the jelly bean notification widgets available, but I was looking for a little more.  Quick unlock to apps - looks like it wants to let me add things to unlock and go directly into, but I can't figure out how to add them.  Wifi Tethering - It works great, and is easily configurable.So all in all, I have to give it 4 stars (for now).  You are getting a whole lot for the price.  The dual-sim is new (to me) and a very nice feature.I will update if I find anything else of note, or an app to get around some things.