I've had my eye on the N8 for awhile now - being a VERY satisfied owner/user of an N82. I'll admit, there were more than a few negative reviews here that had me wondering. Even the best of products will have a certain percentage of "lemons" - and folks who get those are, understandably, much more likely to vent here than a satisfied user. But tons of these have already been sold in a pretty short period of time.I decided to go ahead and give the N8 a try - and am thrilled with it. I did immediately do the recently released firmware upgrade before actually using the N8...and have had no problems at all. The update is easy once you download the Ovi Suite onto your PC. It walks you right through it.Since the Amazon product description is very complete - and accurate, I'll focus here on some questions I had when considering the N8.The N8 is a solidly built machine - and since I was an N82 owner, I was already familiar with the Symbian OS, and was "right at home". I like the improvements made on the Symbian^3 version. Maybe it was my familiarity with the OS already - but after testing IPhone 4 and a Droid - the N8 was still my choice. I guess I don't "run with the herd" as they say. I find my N8 as fast and responsive as the other two I tested - and with more features.Update 10-30-2011: Nokia has offered two software updates to the operating system- now up to Symbian Anna - with a "Belle" upgrade expected in a few more weeks. It keeps getting better:)I've been completely satisfied with this purchase. Absolutely incredible camera/video on this. I always have a GREAT voice-guided GPS unit, digital camera, video camera, web browser, email AND PHONE with me...all-in-one. I have not experienced the negative issues others have mentioned in their reviews.-End Update Section-I've been showing it off to friends with IPhone 4s and Droids - all of whom have been VERY impressed with the N8 features, software and apps that I've added from the Nokia run Ovi Store; useful apps - as opposed to the fluff and sometimes goofy apps offered for the other systems.Internet use on the phone is not something I do a lot of - but I find it works very well. I like the fact that this is an unlocked phone. Mine arrived already set up for AT&T; wireless if you're going in that direction. But, since I'm not a heavy user, it's less expensive for me to use the now nationwide mobile virtual network operator, Consumer Cellular. It is a company that buys bulk air/data time from AT&T.; I have been with them for several years and wanted a phone that would work with their service. I programmed the N8 using the Consumer Cellular settings & SIM card to handle voice calls, text and picture messaging and data/internet. It all works great!My favorite app from Ovi Store is Best Profiles - for automatic switching between silent, normal and other modes during the day. It works beautifully on the N8. I also have added Google Latitude/Maps - again, functioning perfectly on the N8, and updating my location every 10 minutes or so on average.I've converted some classic TV shows from my DVDs to mp4 files and loaded them onto the N8. Playback of videos is excellent.I am very, very pleased with my new N8. I got the gray one (yes, it's made in China) and it is a good, solid, well built device. I also bought a 32GB class 4 microSDHC card to add to the phone, and the Commuter Series Otter Box case, which is awesome. The Otter Box case preserves the good look of the N8. It comes with the silicon cover/wrap, (which you could use on its own), a screen protector, and the outer plastic shell which fits over the silicon wrap. Works perfectly!