Until now, i have just 2 days using it, and have no complaints. The only one was that i couldn't get it on time and i had to pay another $63 to send it to my country. It took a week to get from CA to NY, which I considered was a lot of time, I had a family member in NY that had to bring it to my country, and because of that delay, my cousin left and i had to pay extra fee to send it by other carrier to my country. (I WROTE THIS REVIEW WHEN I HAD JUST 2 DAYS USING THE PHONE)AFTER 4 DAYS OF USE:When i decided to buy this phone, i checked all the reviews and the questions made to the seller and i found out, it works in my country because it match with my frequency and GHz. I bought it to use it out of USA, but I had a family that was able to bring it to my country. Due to a problem with the delivery, my cousin could not bring the phone when she returned and because of that, my aunt had to send me the phone by UPS to my country. I was avoiding paying extra fees, but at the end, I had to pay $73.30 dollars of extra fees to have it in my country. Because of that, i received the phone 28 days later than when i made the purchase.Anyway, I get the phone and i started use it and i was working very well the first 4 days, after that, the phone start to fail, the screen remained paralyzed  without making any movement, and none of the functions worked up after a while of being immobile, one of the days, the battery overheat and i had to pull out the battery fast and leave the phone off for around 12 hours.I contacted the seller telling the situation, thinking that maybe was the battery, the told me how warranty works with Samsung and the gave the steps to follow. The fact that i was out of USA, in Costa Rica, I had to contact Samsung Latin America and the will give me the places in my Country authorized to cover warranties of the Samsung items. The gave me the numbers and i went to the place hoping the will help out with the problem of the cell phone and of course using the warranty, because the phone was New, only 4 days of use. When I went to the place, they told me they were not able to help me due to 2 things: 1- The IMEI of the phone belong to Europe specific FRANCE and in my country the only cover warranties of IMEI's that belong to Latin America, that way the weren't able to cover the warranty, neither can fix the phone if I was willing to pay for it, because they can not even fix item that doesn't belong to Latin America, that way I had no choices to can fix the phone in my country.When I told the seller what happened, they never tried to help me, they just sent me an e-mail saying they will not cover the warranty and that was it. I had to speak with Amazon customer service to put a complain, and because of that, they tried to be in touch with me again (the seller), but the fact that the phone had more than 30 days since the day of the purchase, they were not able to received the phone back due to the returns policies, even when i explained that I received the phone 28 days later of the purchase and I had just 4 days using it when it started to fail.TO ALL BUYERS: PLEASE BE AWARE, when buy a phone like this one, ask the seller first the  IMEI and double check if that belong to the country you live before to make the purchase, because, i know that most of the buyers think that the sellers have to cover warranties or be responsible for defecting items, but in this case Samsung works different and warranty is based on the IMEI of the phone, and they give support and warranties only if the IMEI belongs with your country. In my case, I received a damage item and now i can't have warranty neither support..... and the seller was not what i expected.. they were not kind, neither polite, very disappointed with the seller.To all Buyers, before to make an expensive purchase, please make sure you know everything about all this issues that happened to me, that way you will not lose the money. PLEASE BE CAREFUL!