I did not buy this phone on Amazon, but I pre-ordered it on nokia.com a month before it was officially released in USA (March '11). I am a fan of iPhones, but the fact that I am not with AT&T; or Verizon cost me a fortune to own an unlocked iPhone 4. So I spent weeks searching for the best iPhone alternative out there...Pros:1) This phone is rated #1 in eco-friendliness. Made with 100% recycled materials. This means it has a worthy value when you decide to sell it to a recycle website such as Gazelle.com ($113) as of Oct. 2011.2) REAL metal casing. Not "plastic-metal" like Samsung or HTC phones. Very STURDY and compact engineering design. Screen is made with strong glass material called Gorilla Glass Display and is VERY strong and scratch-resistant --> Hence no need to buy any extra bulky protective cases or any screen protection films. (An iPhone would need to wear a big armor casing + front and back protective films.) This makes me LOVE holding my phone in my hand even when not using it!3) Small and compact. Smaller than iPhone and almost all HTC devcices. This is very important to me because I don't want anything bulking up on my left thigh when it's inside my pocket.3) Excellent loud speaker. Clear and crisp high profile ringing. (Nokia is famous in this area)4) 8MP full-focus camera + dual LED flash light! *Full focus means EVERYTHING from 20cm away from the lens to INFINITY will be sharply focused when taken. --- Video record in Hi-Def at 720p resolution with 25 fps (frame-per-second). BEAUTIFUL!5) 3.5mm aux jack. Very handy to connect with headphones, speakers, and for me... my car speakers.6) Facebook + Twitter integrated. The Facebook widget on homescreen is very neat. It cycles through the top 20 most-recent posts on Facebook right on the homescreen!7) Adobe Flash supported. Download supported. Yes you heard it right, you can download MP3 or AVI movies directly to your phone!8) Battery life is excellent. Can last up to 2 days with normal usage. Charge quickly in about ~40 minutes.9) OVI Maps GPS. Pre-loaded and FREE to use LIFETIME. Works in offline mode even when you don't have any data plan with your cellular provider company. Much better than Google map version on iPhone. This GPS software is so intuitive and accurate. Even more beautiful when it works cooperatively with the Music Player. When driving, I listen to my music on the phone (AUX input) and runs GPS at the same time. The music automatically fades out as the turn-by-turn voice guidance speaks and then fades back in when the voice stops. Same thing happens when you receive a call while listening to music. Everything works like a team seamlessly.Cons:Symbian^3 operating system is the main thing to complain about here. NOT very user-friendly.1) Web browser is ridiculous. No back button, no refresh button. Very cumbersome. (I download a 3rd party free browser app to compensate this)2) No push notifications. Have to manually access and update everything.3) Lack of apps. BIG TIME! NO BankofAmerica app, NO Amazon app, NO worthy weather app.4) Nokia OVI suite (Music sync. in particular) is hard to use. Very frustrated to add new music. I like to edit the song infos such as Artist/Album/ArtWork etc. but good luck with doing that using OVI Suite. Fortunately, I use Windows Media Player to compensate this issue and it turns out great!***UPDATE (Oct.21,2011): Just received the latest major update for Symbian^3 OS called Symbian Anna. Here are some major upgrades that I like:1) Home screen is now real-time swipe-able.2) New full QWERTY keyboard in portrait mode. Good for one-hand typing.3) New web browser. A lot faster and simpler user interface.4) New NOKIA Store (formerly called OVI Store). The new store is redesigned with new looks and a lot more responsive to clicking and swiping.Very proud of my phone after the update. After Symbian Anna, Symbian Belle is up next for the new major update.