Bought this phone to give as a gift to my tween-age daughter who has had a Motorola flip phone with Tracfone service for the past 3 years.  Because she had 1000+ minutes left on that phone, I wanted to make sure that the minutes could transfer to a new phone - whatever Tracfone serviced phone I choose that was compatible with my area.  When I went to the Tracfone site and learned that I could port her old Tracfone number to a new phone AND transfer her minutes, I started shopping.When comparing the two TRIPLE minute phones: this one and LG 800G Prepaid Phone With Triple Minutes (Tracfone) I liked the LG for the touchscreen and LG reliability (I have an LG Optimus V with Virgin Mobile no-contract service), but my daughter preferred having a keyboard.  The deciding factor for us was battery life.  The Samsung T404G has about 30% longer battery life than the LG 800G.Tracfone had the Samsung T404G Prepaid for fifty with a free accessory package, but they were unclear about what was in that free pack.  I came to Amazon to compare prices and found the same phone without the free accessories, plus Red Hard Case Cover for Samsung Gravity 2 T469 T404G and Samsung Data Cable, was less than fifty shipped, so I bought them.Activation of the phone meant calling Tracfone's 1800 number and waiting 15 minutes on hold after punching through two keypad menus.  You have to call on a line other than your old phone, as you'll have to do a bit of keypad work in the phone's settings to transfer your minutes and deactivate the SIM card on your old phone prior to activating your new phone.Once on with a Tracfone representative the process to port the old number to the new phone with the existing minutes and get the new phone activated took about 40 minutes - not including the time on hold with Tracfone. I made a test call from my home phone to the new phone and it went through as expected. My daughter began texting from her new Samsung T404G and immediately found the things she likes and dislikes about the phone.Likes:1. The look of it.2. The display is bright and when horizontally oriented, the screen is easily viewable for texting.3. The keyboard and the feel of the buttons.4. The size: bigger than her previous phone in thickness, length and width - comfortable.5. Slot for a microSD card up to 16GB - lots of music storage for MP3's6. Bluetooth hooked up to wireless stereo headset: LG Tone (HBS-700) Wireless Bluetooth Stereo Headset - Retail Packaging - Black/Orange easily and sounded good.7. Slide-out keyboard is easy to use with good directions in included booklet.8. Came charged with 20 minutes received after activation.9. Menus are easy to navigate10.The alarm clock and calendar are great!11.Minutes left on service are clearly displayed, with days left of service also displayed.12.(2) days after activation you can make international calls to over 100 countries for the same price per minute as local calls! (Directions in included Service Guide.)13.Texting is easy and Internet connections are swift to connect and work well.Dislikes:1. Camera is only 2MP and just 'fair' by comparison to most phones.  Actually better than the flip Motorola though!2. The characters (letters) on the top of the Qwerty keyboard are tough to get to and would be impossible for large fingers.  She uses her fingernails and has small hands.3. Until she got used to using the phone she inadvertently touched the 'browser' button - starting Internet service - several times; losing minutes in the process.4. Occasionally receiving wrong numbers and having to lose minutes if they leave a voicemail message.Overall, this is a very good phone.  Easy to use, good quality hardware, nice features and great Tracfone service (often being able to send and receive calls where other companies fail).  The real selling points for this Tracfone Samsung T404G phone though are TRIPLE minutes (each phone card face value is tripled) and international calls costing the same as local ones. If the camera was a 3MP and all the keyboard keys were easy to access - it would be 5 out of 5 stars.This phone is a real bargain in a very competitive mobile phone market!UPDATE: 11/19/13My daughter continues to use this phone and didn't want to trade up to a touch screen as she loves the keyboard for texting on this phone so much.  This phone will get service in areas that my Virgin Mobile iPhone will not, and with triple minutes - we are very happy!