Ok...so I got this S4MINI phone because I didn't particularly like how huge the S4 was. With the misguided hope that, apart from a tolerable downgrade in the hardware specifications and a minor reduction in the plethora of software features, it'd be pretty much the same user experience. It wasn't....well at least not quite. A few of what I've heard people term as the "gimmicky" features made it's way to this tiny twin, for example, smart stay (which is the only feature I found that doesn't work all the time for me...or at least not the way I expect it to, i.e., my eyes are open, I'm staring at the screen reading an article or something so the screen won't time out...but it still does sometimes), there's the IR sensor/blaster coupled with the watchOn app that controls almost any smart TV and cable set top box (I found this pretty useful - very easy and simple to set up and functions how it should - it integrates with the calender so you can set reminders for your shows from within the app). There's also the floating video or picture in picture "gimmick" (this only seems to work with videos played by the native video player, so some fb videos, recorded videos, etc., will able to be played like this, but not youtube videos - from my experience at least). A few camera modes that I was soo looking forward to were also disappointingly not included, such as drama shot, eraser and animated photo; you can't take a pic of yourself while taking a regular pic either [insert sad face here]. The display is bright and has good visibility in direct sunlight. It has very rich colours, which is noticeable in (properly lit, focused) photos as well. There are slight pre-programmed adjustments you can make to this feature. The anti-shake camera feature does nothing for me, pics still looked shaken. Air gestures are also not present (at least this one I knew before purchasing), so no hovering your finger above the screen for magnification of text or pics and no waving the hand to scroll pages. There is no LED light to indicate missed events; which might not be SUCH a bad thing considering that they've instead included a feature to notify you of missed events when you pick up the phone from a rested state - the phone gives a single quick vibration. This, however, seems to only work for sms messages and missed calls; no other social application's missed event is recognized...not even an email. This, in my opinion, is a fail for two reasons, 1. because of  the foregoing statement and 2. the vibrations cannot be customized as how the LED notification colours could be specified for different apps. A better alternative to a LED notification light could have been what the LG G2 or Motorola X does for missed events notifications...but now I'm just ranting.Overall it's a pretty good phone, I like it. It looks neat and simple with a band of aluminum around the edges, fits snug in the average sized hand, and I prefer this S4 shape to the shape of the S3. Simply put, it's a smaller version of the S4, with noticeably less software features and lower hardware specs., but looks, feels, performs well enough and carries over enough "gimmicky" features from the S4 for you to be satisfied... with what you can afford to purchase ;)