Just received this phone (Net10 ver. which should be the same)to replace my aging LG.  Worked pretty easy right out of the box.  Very very easy WiFi set up - done within minutes just by walking through the steps the phone gives.  Not sure why quite a few posters have had issues with it.  Follow the steps people!Setting up gmail account was just as easy though I won't use it for email unless I'm on WiFi since why would I want to use up minutes to check email unless I have no choice and am not in a hotspot.Downloaded Opera Mini as my browser.  I do wish I could move it out of my games folder but I can't find a way. Not a biggie.  I've downloaded a few ring tones and a game via Opera and I've also set up my FB & Twitter accounts though again I won't be using them much on this phone it's still, like email, nice to have.  The internet is fairly fast on WiFi, especially compared to my old LG which used the tracfone/net10 browser with no WiFi.  I have been able to go into my G+ account easily and also my calendar which is nice.Keyboard easy to use - my only beef is the zero on the number pad portion is in a awkward place for me but once I'm used to it I'm sure I'll be fine.  I did have to recheck the numbers I entered into the phone to be sure I didn't mess them up. I was able to take my memory card out of my LG and move it into the phone but couldn't get most of my numbers off the card.  Apparently you need to download PC Studio and I didn't really want to so I entered most manually.  It took a bit of time but did help me get used to the key placement.Two things I don't like about the phone and I can't find a way to change it...yet...  Text messages appear as just a standard "you have a message".  My old LG displayed a caller ID if the person was in my phone book.  This helped save minutes because if the number was unfamiliar or the area code was not in my region I could pretty much bet that the call was spam or a wrong number and I could delete without paying for the used minutes.  I can't seem to figure out how to do this with the Samsung.  I did go in and click on Anonymous reject and Ad reject but it doesn't help with those people who send you drunk texts messages and can't get it through their thick heads you're not the person they are looking for!I also do not care for the back of the phone.  I know picky picky but I do find it very slippery, especially if my hands are cold.  It looks great and one would think the texture would help but it doesn't.  I can't find a cover or skin for it.  I'm thinking about using some rubberized colored tape to make a line across the back for easier grip.  A gel cover would be great though!All and all the phone works great so far and was very easy to set up just be going through the settings menu (the guide with the phone is pretty useless unless you've never had a cell phone before and most online guides are not much better).  I understand some people have had issues with the phone and my gut tells me there is a defective batch out there.  If you have issues I think returning it before the warranty is up is probably the best course of action.For the price this is an excellent phone.  Prepaid companies really should have this as their "go to phone".  Even if I only get a year out of it I've still saved money and I'm not a slave to a contract.  I've been using prepaid phones for 2 years (and using my old Droids as mini-lap tops when traveling via WiFi) and I don't think I'll ever go back to anything with a contract.  I pay $30 a month with roll-over minutes - can't beat that!UPDATE 1/20/2013....I am no longer using this phone.  The annoying habit that it has (and other people commented about) of dialing 911 every time it's in my purse or jacket pocket became too much to take.  The 911 operators were tired of hearing from me.  I was very lucky they were not dispatching PD to my home. It became embarrassing. Just one push of the phone while it was supposedly locked was all it took to dial.  It made no sense for me to have the phone on me but off.  I live in an area where you can go from suburban to rural in minutes and in the winter you never know when you're going to have an emergency - like sliding off a snow or ice covered road.  I didn't need to worry about the phone being off and no one able to locate me.  While the phone is still a decent phone until this problem is fixed in a newer version I wouldn't suggest it to anyone who might have it in a purse or pocket.  I switched to Ting Mobile and really enjoy the service and the great phone I purchased from them.