The S3 has incredible specs, multitasking is (mostly) a breeze, and it runs pretty much any game I throw at it. Physically, my only complaint is the awkward button placement. Admittedly, a year ago a hardware menu button was still usable, but the back button is on the wrong side, making it awkward to go back and forth between this and my Nexus 7. Putting an actual home button instead of a capacitive one is a move that screams Apple copycat, and also is annoying. Lots of times, just mashing the back button is easier than pushing the home button.On a positive side, the screen is gorgeous. I have small hands, and yeah, it does get a bit difficult to use the big screen sometimes, but I'm certainly not going back to a screen any smaller than this. Reading web pages is a dream on this. The screen is also AMOLED, which means almost-unrealistic but beautiful color saturation and power-saving with black pixels. The phone's back is slick glossy plastic, so using it without a case would be slippery suicide. Speaking of cases, the Galaxy line is the only phone line that can remotely compete with iPhones in terms of case ecosystem. The power and volume buttons are cheap feeling, yes, but solid and easy to find. The removable back is handy- while I don't carry an extra battery, I like the idea of being able to. With the 4.3 update, you can move some apps to SD cards- without, you can only put pictures and media.The software is what kills this phone. Anyone who appreciates the mundane, slick sci-fi interface of ICS won't like Touchwiz. It substitutes the cool blues and blacks with tacky, bright greens and cyans. Yes, with some work, some of the ugliness can be hidden (Alternate launchers and other apps), but some stuff, like the archaic notifications shade, can't be ignored. Even if you genuinely do like Touchwiz's look, it still slows down the phone. Apps like Google Music and Twitter that normally work smoother on my S3 than N7 will trip up and force close far more often on the S3.Software updates. They exist, lagging behind the Nexus line because of Touchwiz, and lagging behind the other S3s because of Verizon (but that's not Samsung's fault). I'm running 4.3 on mine, and it will likely get KitKat sometime. Touchwiz strikes again, ruining lock screen widgets and still being a chore to deal with. You can customize the notification toggles now, but can't put them entirely in two separate shades like on stock android. Lock Screen Widgets, the standout feature of 4.2, are effectively useless since you can't use them with a security lock. Honestly Samsung, without a security lock it's just easier to, you know, open the app?I've blasted Touchwiz too much. It has one- one!- good feature that's making my N7 jealous. That is multi-windowing. You can check Twitter while watching a YouTube video, or have Chrome and Officesuite open while writing an essay. These are all stretches to do on a 4.7 inch screen, and would feel more at home on a tablet (which, by the way, Samsung makes), but I'd be lying if I said I hadn't done it. It isn't practical, it doesn't work with every app, but it's darn cool.In short, who is this phone for? Not someone looking for the latest and greatest, since I'm writing this review more than a year after this phone was made. On the budget spectrum, this undeniably beats out the Mini-phones spawned by HTC and Samsung, but unless you're fond of Touchwiz (yikes) or of physical buttons, the Nexus 5 or even 4 are better choices, unless you really need extra batteries, or an SD card, or all the cute cases the Nexuses don't have. The Nexus 5 and 4 aren't on Verizon, though, so this makes a good bargain purchase for that carrier.The elephant in the room- is this better than an iPhone? Me, the Android nerd, says of course, but if you're already tied to iTunes, get a 4s or 5c. To a budget Android fan stuck on Verizon, unless you *really* need the SD card, go with the Moto X.