I was looking for a triple minute deal with Tracfone, this was not the phone I was searching for. After 4 or 5 stores, and not finding what I wanted, I settled on this triple minute phone. I'm a light to medium texter and caller. I was looking for the new non android touch screen with triple minutes.I was with a different prepaid company. It was a great prepaid company. 2c per text, 5c per minute of talk. No data plan, but it allowed you to use your wifi on a smartphone. Although it was an entry level smartphone, it was an android 2.2 which at the time, to me, was great. It served my purpose. Be able to use home wifi with a prepaid phone. Pretty non existent these days. I broke it, so I had to get something.The previous prepaid plan would allow you to buy at the least $10 worth of minutes, but only lasted for 60 access days.Anyways, I settled for this Tracfone prepaid triple minute phone. I transferred my number from the previous company. NO problem. In fact, it was the quickest transfer I'd ever experienced. Was my old prepaid heartbroken that I was leaving them? Hell no, I think not. I think they were happy to be rid of this old head. Seriously, I think their goal is to get customers on their unlimited monthly android plans.So, the transfer was seamless. 2 hours, to 48 hours? Noooo. It was about an hour!  When I went to add the tracfone minutes, I did NOT get triple minutes. I had to do what I dreaded most in this lifetime: Call a wireless prepaid phone company to deal with a customer service associate. As I waited for a live operator, beads of sweat were forming on my forehead and upper lip, and my hands were shaking a little bit. After about 10 minutes of waiting, I get a pretty polite person on the other end. Outsourced, maybe. I cannot be sure. The young man was doing his damned-ess to speak perfect english, and so he did. I told him I didn't get my triple minutes, and that's what the phone package said. GET TRIPLE minutes for the life of this phone. Otherwise, what's the point of NOT getting triple minutes? Just wasteful, unless you have bills to burn.So, after about 15 minutes on the phone with CS, everything is corrected, the minutes are righted, and I should not have this problem again. That part of the deal was taken care of. I'm hoping that I won't have to go through this again the next time I need to add minutes.As for this particular phone... It is definitely touchy. I keep it in a purse pocket as to not dial 911 accidentally. It is somewhat like a newborn blackberry. Whiny, and poops on you every now and then.The screen is small compared to an android, but it does actually play Youtube videos and has flash. It has built in wifi, and 3g speed. It is not an android. It is not an android. P.S. the video quality is sub-standard, but in a pinch, it does play the videos. The wifi is fairly fast. The phone signal is good. The camera isn't bad at all, and neither is the video recorder. It all does in a pinch.It has built in Mp3 player, and says it can take up to 16GB memory card. I have a 32GB memory card in it, and haven't had any problemsOopsie edit: I have a 16GB micro SD card installed. BRAIN FART... Sorry for the misinformation.I have a ton of music on it, and the sound is pretty decent for a cheaper phone. With built in bluetooth, it is seemless in streaming music to a wireless bluetooth speaker. Always a plus.I do not miss the virtual text keyboard from the old android, therefore I like having the qwerty keyboard again.All in all, this is a good basic feature phone with a good signal. I hope to have continued luck with it in the not so distant future. Of course, deep down in our hearts, we ALL would love an IPHONE, but until then, this will work for me.All in all, this Tracfone turns out to actually be about $7 a month, which meets my needs for now.