Although the following is more a requiem than a review of the Sony/Ericsson c905 because it is nearly two years after the initial purchase, and now sadly after I've retired it, I wish to let whomever reads this know what a great camera phone the c905 is. I say "is" because they are still for sale new and used. And, finally, the reason I decided to write this review at all is because of the story in the last paragraph.I had thoroughly researched all the available camera phones out there in the fall of 2009 and ended up with the c905 because it was offered through Amazon from ATT for $.01 for a two year contract, but the offer was only good for one hour. At the time, the best prices for an unlocked c905 were between $400-$450, so 1 penny was too good to pass up. What I didn't know was how bad the service from ATT in my area was going to be, especially switching from Verizon from whom I had had great service for the previous eight years. But, this is about the phone, not the service provider.Although the phone came with GPS and internet access capabilities and many other great features, I chose a lesser plan, intending to use it primarily as a phone and as a camera. As a phone, it worked flawlessly, clearly, accurately, and easily. For instance, the dial buttons are big enough and spaced well enough for someone like me with big fingers. Ringtones could be downloaded and applied, and turning the ringer off and on was quick and simple. One feature allows the user to have the phone "announce" the name of the caller from the contacts, which I found to be a lot handier than having separate ringtones for different people. And though it's not strictly a texting phone, texting is easy because of the buttons. As a phone, it scored 5 stars with me!As a camera, it has to be unsurpassed in its class. Sony packed an 8.1mp juggernaut into a slide-open candy bar Ericsson phone. The features are as numerous as any straight-forward compact digital camera, of which I own three (all Canon's). (I also have a Canon D5, but we're comparing compacts here.) Light balance, color balance, 3264x2448 pixels, geo-tagging, face and smile detection, smart contrast, image stabilization, smile detection (with update), videocalling, xenon flash, and QVGA video at 30fps (unlimited time per vid). What's not to like? All this, and a great phone, and it's still smaller than two of my Canons. I've taken photos with this phone that are so sharp and clear that they easily blow up to 18 x 22 or 20 x 30. Poster size pushes the pixels, but is certainly do-able.A couple of weeks ago, while sitting in a hot tub in Poipu, Kauai under a star-strewn sky, I felt like I was sitting on something that I shouldn't have been. I emptied my pockets before I got in.... didn't I?? Oops! Too many mai-tai's, I guess. My c905 had been in 12-15 inches of 102 degree water for at least 10 to 15 minutes. I removed the battery immediately and slid the phone open to start to dry it out. I didn't try to fire it up until about five days later when we got home. When I did, I slid a back-up battery in, and Lo!, the blue lights came on! But nothing else. So next I held the start button down for the allotted time, and to my disbelieving eyes, my wonderful little camera phone sprung to life! Every camera and video feature works, including the zoom. All the numbers and contact data are just as they were before it went in the tub. I tested the memo recording feature: it works, but not as loud. And the blue lights are always on. Crippled, but not corrupted. Simply amazing. Can't say this will repeat for anyone else, but this is my story and I'm sticking to it.If I had to do all over again, I would suffer the dropped calls--more in the first six weeks with ATT than in the entire eight years with Verizon--because of that great camera. I am now back with Verizon with a new iPhone4, which is an all-around great tool, but the pix barely come close to what I got from my c905. If you're in a good ATT area and are looking for a great camera phone, get a S/E c905. Nearly two years later and still nothing on the market compares with the quality of that camera.