I bought this unlocked phone to work on my pre-paid T-mobile plan (using the existing SIM card from my previous phone) about 1 month ago.  I wanted something that would sync with my Microsoft outlook calendar & contacts.  I also wanted to view and send email and be able to surf the web when I am in wi-fi areas.  This phone is accomplishing all those tasks as I had hoped it would.  The syncing works very easily with my contacts and calendar (you have to download the current software for free from the Ovi Store).  I can add people or events on either my computer or my phone and they will coordinate.  I am still working on understanding the fine details and figuring out exactly how to use it most effectively.  The email with my pop3 server was a little more difficult to set up since it kept wanting to connect at first via T-mobile's data plan (which I don't have).  After an hour on the phone each with T-mobile and Nokia, I had gotten nowhere.  Fortunately, my husband figured it out and I have been checking email ever since.  One small thing I have to remember, is that some wi-fi connections require you to go on the web first to "accept" their terms before you can send and receive email.  I don't have a work email account to get set up, so I don't know how that works.  The web works fine, though I downloaded Opera as the browser (free) and I like it much better than the software that comes with the phone.  The media player is nice and it syncs with my iTunes account.  It doesn't separate out the music from podcasts, but they are all there.  I have used the camera and agree with all the other posts I have read: it is not a great camera, but it can capture the moment.  I have not tried any video calls with it.  I did buy a microSD card as I believe you would run out of memory very quickly with contacts and music without.  I also bought the USB cable and find it almost necessary.  I don't have any bluetooth stuff, so I haven't used that.  I like the app for YouTube.  I haven't gotten the Novi Maps to work, but i have downloaded Google Map for mobile and have used that some.  It doesn't have a GPS, but it can narrow down where you are based on the cell tower being used.My bottom line, this phone does all of what is advertised and you can use it with wi-fi only (no data plan).  However, it is a little hard to get things set up, especially if you are not techno-inclined.  I didn't find the customer service on the phone very helpful.  The online forums are moderately useful.  I also have to admit that I haven't spent much time watching tutorials and that might have helped me.  So, if you want to do things inexpensively and are willing to fumble through on your own, this phone will work great for you.