I don't have the kind of money where I can buy a new phone whenever I get tired of my old one. I'm a college student and need a phone that is reliable and can be on all day. I actually paid less than expected for this phone after all of the rebates!The main reason that I got this phone was because everyone else had a Sanyo 8200. It was really the word of mouth and seeing the features demonstrated that made me get the phone.I'm very happy with my phone. I can have it on all day and use it when I need to. I'm home before the battery even tells me that it needs to be charged.The external color display is nice to have. I like having it over the LCD that my old cell had.I have more trouble with silencing this phone, though. When the display says that the sound for the ringer was off, the sound for the messages was still on. This can be annoying when you're in class. I found out that I needed to take the volume down one more notch to "Silence All" and the problem was solved.The signal for this phone is a lot stronger than previous cell phones that I've had. I still go into roaming on occasion, but I don't have the trouble with dropped called or the phone mysteriously shutting off.Another thing that I really liked about this phone, was that I am able to use the accessories that I had for my Samsung A500. I didn't have to go buy a new car charger or hands-free device. (Though this phone does have a speaker phone option, there are sometimes that the hands-free device is just better.)The camera is decent quality. I was able to take some pictures of a friend's wedding that I was able to share with her family and friends the next day. I also can take lots of pictures, upload them, then take more pictures. On high resolution, my phone holds about 20-25 pictures.Perhaps the best feature in terms of the construction of this cell phone is that the plastic is blue all the way through. If the outside of the phone gets scratched, you won't have a cream colors line. (This was a problem with a Samsung phone that I had. It had been scratched after 2 years of use, and the silver paint was coming off. I had flat gray plastic on the edges of my phone.)I went to an electronics store, and the wanted about thirty bucks more for the red or blue phones. However, if you get the phone from Amazon, there isn't a different in what you pay based on color!One improvement that I wish Sanyo would make is to have colorful hard plastic cases (kind of like the ones Nokie offered for the Nokia 5100 series phones). Other accessories would be nice, but I would just like to have something neat to protect my phone and to change it's personality a bit.