The LG Marquee is a rebranded LG Optimus Black for the Boost Mobile Brand.  Since this phone only runs on the Boost Mobile Network (Sprint) I must divide the phone and service as separate reviews.About Boost Mobile:Customer Support: It took them several days to transfer my old phone number.  The first sales rep created problems with the transfer and it took two days and two other reps to finally get an activated phone.  In the end I did get my phone working with my old phone number but they changed me a $ 15 reactivation charge on a BRAND NEW PHONE (I was not supposed to get this fee).  Since it was so hard to get a hold of a rep I decided to accept the lost as my time is valuable, it's just that Boost Mobile doesn't think my time is valuable :)Actual Phone Service:  In my area (Pittsburgh) I have rarely being without a signal and I have never had a dropped call.  I hear people well and they seem to hear me well too.Texting: Mostly reliable but I have had text messages arrive over an hour after I send them.  It could be an issue on the receiving end but texting has been mostly reliable.Data:  The LG Marquee only runs on the 3G network.  It is not very fast and is nothing special.  My NET10 3G phone had better data speeds but this is like comparing two turtles in a race.  At least the Boost Mobile 3G signal was reliable in my area and rarely do I have problems with streamed audio.About the Phone:Pros -  Bright, large screen, really nice  Small, light phone  Good Camera  Mostly stock Android 2.3.6, little bloatware to talk about  Decent amount of internal memory  Netflix works with no problems (over Wi-Fi)  Flash supportCons-  Battery life is short. I use Juice Defender Ultra and I'm lucky to make it to 9 hours of battery life with light phone usage.  Slow CPU.  A single core 1000mhz CPU is not going to set the world on fire and this CPU is not very fast.  Unresponsive.  This is probably a byproduct of the slow CPU but there are just too many ignored screen/ button presses to not feel like the phone is ignoring you.  Price.  This is the biggest con of all.  Boost Mobile sells this phone way to expensive, I got mine on special and with some discounts and I think I still might have overpaid a little.General Impressions about the phone:  I like the phone, it is the fourth Android phone of the family and it is my favorite because of the screen.  I have many chances to charge the phone during the day and have access to Wi-Fi in most of the places I spend my time so many of the cons don't affect me much.  On the other hand if I had to do it all over again I would definitely take a good look at the new G4 phones from Boost Mobile and Virgin Mobile.  They cost more but they eliminate most of the cons I have with the LG Marquee.