Currently I am on a grandfathered Virgin Mobile plan.  That means as long as I keep using my LG Optimus V I can stay on the $25 "unlimited" plan.  Their plan is not truly unlimited as they throttle data when you hit the 2.5 GB mark.  However, you can get through this by topping up again.I mention this because Virgin Mobile has long done away with their Unlimited text and data plan for $25 and has bumped rates to $35 for my type of plan.  If I didn't have the grandfathered option I would drop VM for another carrier.  They had cited the 4G network as the reason for the price increase and if you keep to a current list of 3G phones you could keep your $25 a month rate.The HTC V One is a 3G phone.  However, if I wanted to transfer my services to it I would be giving up the $25 a month plan and have to pay $35 instead.  For a phone without 4G capability causing this type of price increase it is not worth it.The retail price is too high for this type of limited hardware.  I bought this phone during a RadioShack special for $50 which included $10 back in credit.  Even paying this price for it I have second thoughts of whether it was a good buy.Here are some good aspects to this phone.It records video in HD quality.  I considered buying a Flipcam, however, I never did because that product is not longer being made and eventually will stop being supported.  This is an excellent alternative.  The video quality is very decent.As a music player it is great.  Audio sounds great.  Supposedly there is Beats Audio technology included in the phone however I have heard that this doesn't really do much besides compress the audio.If you can get VOIP working on the phone it is a great extra handset.  The build is sleek and slim.  The glass feels smooth and incredibly sturdy and scratch resistant.As for the hardware tweakers who want to install a custom rom you will be severely disappointed especially if you wish to use the camcorder and camera aspects of the phone,.  When using this it does crash a lot.  I have heard that it is due to propietary information that HTC has not released to developers.  I have also heard that the auto-focus crashes the phone.  The custom roms I have tried have all been JellyBean based and have had these identical problems.  Since I really want this as a video recorder I reverted to a modified version of the stock rom.  That means I am using Ice Cream Sandwich, which is okay.Also, I want to mention that this device is a pain to root and install custom roms.  If you are looking to modify this hardware for your specifications I would pass.The small display is really good and crisp.  I love looking at pictures and watching YouTube videos on this handset.Overall I like having a small sleek device to take pictures and video with.  However I recommend that most people pass on this particular phone.  The main reasons being that it lacks 4G capability and is limited when it comes to modifying.  HTC might release a JellyBean update for this but I wouldn't count on it.So... pass..  do not buy.