The Comet is probably what a lot of people are looking for.Most "smart phones" I have previously tried had annoyed me by being either a little too cheesy or way too expensive.  There are a lot of impressive touchscreen phones which always made me think, "that thing could be WAY cheaper if only they toned down the features somewhat."  There are also some super-cheap touchscreen phones which made me think, "this phone could be a lot better with only some minor improvements".The Comet seems to be in the lonely area right in the middle, where the the quality is just barely good enough to handle the most work likely to be thrown at it by most people.  And for that, the price is well below all of those "Cadillac-of-phones" phones.The Comet's acceptable features:Display:It's not a very high resolution (240x320), but the pixel size is larger than average.  So it isn't as large and sharp as better phones, but you still get a good deal more physical space than "normal" phones.Touchscreen interface:It uses the "capacitative" type, which means it is a completely solid surface which (somehow) knows when fingers are physically touching it.  It does not use the cheaper "resistive" type, which have a flexible surface which must be pressed down to work.  It isn't quite as perfectly sensitive as an iPhone, but much more reliable than resistive screens which have different levels of resistance in different locations.Keypad/text entry:The medium screen size might be a little annoying for tapping, but this phone uses "Swype" typing.  Plunk your finger on the first letter, then drag your finger all over the keyboard to each letter you want, and the magic Swype system figures out which word you want to spell.  It works way better than you think it will.  Other than the brilliant invention itself, the cool thing about Swype is that it is completely compatible with simple letter tapping if you don't want to use it.  Either type one letter at a time, or "Swype" the whole word.  You don't need to "change modes".Sound quality:Not bad, and not great.  Kind of right in the middle, which is fine.Physical build:It's not slim like the latest Apple or HTC products.  At exactly 0.5 inches, it is right about the same thickness as most normal phones.  However, it feels very solid and has no creaks or squeaks (yes, even the battery cover holds still).  The various body panels also fit together fairly close with no excessive gaps.Camera:Well, the camera kind of sucks.  Sorry.  At least it captures pictures fast.Processing and stability:Most of the time, it operates just fine with no annoying delays.  If too much stuff is going on, like multiple browser tabs loading or too many background applications, it starts to drag a bit.  But it never quite freezes or crashes like the Nokia Nuron, which is probably the next closest option for a cheapish touchscreen on T-Mobile.The Comet is manufactured by Huawei, the same Chinese manufacturer of T-Mobile's older Tap model.  The Tap was actually not bad for its price range, but the Comet has a sleeker design, stronger processing, better touchscreen technology, and of course the more competent Android operating system.Recommended add-ons, free from the Android market (icon on the home screen):1. Opera Mini or Opera Mobile.  Similar (Mobile is the "better" one) alternative web browsers to the standard Android browser, although Android's is pretty good too.  If you try one of these and like it, Android is smart enough to let you set one of them as the "default" browser.2. Any application killer/manager.  These things are just little programs that let you view a list of applications running in the background, and close them.  For some reason, almost all "smartphones" are idiots when it comes to managing currently-running applications.  A bunch of different managers are available as free versions.