My first Unlocked Nokia was the E71. I thought that was a solid phone, but felt jealous of all the people with their big screen phones, therefore decided to get the Nokia 5800 Navigation Edition...worst mistake I've ever made. That phone is probably Nokia's worst phone in my opinion. The best thing about it was the lifetime navigation license, but what good is that if the User Interface sucked, and was difficult to use. I returned that as soon as I could...sigh. Then I heard about the mini..it looks and feels fantastic. The one thing I have been unable to do that I miss from the E71, is the fact that I got to choose what internet to use. Ex: I could just set it to use WIFI and be done with it. The mini does not allow me to do this. Sometimes it asks me what I want to use, wifi or my phone's network. Other times I can't figure out what it is using. I prefer the touch interface on this phone hella better than the 5800. But hey, it was Nokia's first "mass market" touch interface. I mean what else can I say. I have a 5MP Camera, A GPS Navigator, A Phone, an MP3 Player, FM Radio, and an internet browser with FLASH support in one device. I do, however wish they would have kept the memory at 32GB. Other than that I am very happy with my phone, I haven't had any issues mentioned, though I did have them with the 5800.P.S. If anyone knows what I'm talking about with the wifi, feel free to send me some info on how to set it to only use wifi. Thank You.Review Update: My Honeymoon is Over!After owning the phone for about 5 months I realized this was not the phone for me. The truth is...this phone can do a lot. It is feature rich, however as many reviewers have warned, it has a lot of bugs. Like I wrote above, I've owned three Nokias and I've come to the conclusion that when it comes to Call Quality and Signal Strength, nothing beats the Nokia E71. After all, that's the whole purpose of the cell phone right? No, I'm not a business user, I'm just regular average Joe.Unfortunately that was not the case with the N97 Mini. I would still buy this phone over the 5800 any day. But if you decide to buy the phone, be warned that you're going to get a lot of call drops. Sometimes, I would be talking to someone on the phone and out of nowhere, the phone would shut off. And yes it was fully charged and yes my phone was updated. I mean it only takes a minute "over the air." Also the phone would freeze, not often, but it would. To Nokia's defense though, I have heard that is an issue with most touch screen phones.I took one star off due to software issues, which I believe is the cause for the freezing and shutoffs. I also took one star off due to speed(response when opening and switching between programs) of the phone. If you're a NOKIA Fan, don't hate me. I still LOVE NOKIA...They give you more for the value of your dollar. I just wish they would take the time to make a better quality product like the E71.