I've had an IPhone and most recently I had a Samsung phone so I was looking forward to checking out what this Nokia Windows phone had to offer.  I've owned this phone for a little over a month and so far I am impressed with the overall package.The Windows OS was VERY easy to learn.  Took me about 30mins just playing around with the phone to be fully confident that I could preform any task that I needed to with the phone.  I was also surprised to find that pretty much all of the Apps that I used were available on the Windows App Store (I went the Windows App Store website to check). The only exception was my bank which turned out to not be a problem because I just Pinned a Tile (placed a shortcut) of the bank's website to my home page. App problem solved! What I was most excited about and also most concerned about with a Windows phone were the Live Tiles. For things like the weather, stock, and even the dictionary.com word of the day, information just pops up without having to open an App to see it.  This works beautifully and most Apps have an option to use the Live Tiles in someway or another.  I thought that with all my Apps updating live my battery would die quick and my 1GB data limit would be used up even quicker but I found that I could control if I wanted an App to update and I could also control the frequency so I haven't had a problem at all with either the battery life or with excessive carrier data usage (btw I haven't gone over my data limit yet because I download the major stuff via Wifi and use it while I'm out)Now as for the device, Nokia did a wonderful job creating this phone.Things I liked (LOVED).1. Offline turn by turn navigation- Nokia HERE maps and HERE drive (don't know HOW it works but I've set my phone to airplane mode and used the GPS many times already. Mainly to see if it would work as advertised...Needless to say, the Nokia passed with flying colors).2. Offline streaming radio playlists. So I love listening to music but I take trains where I don't have service so Nokia's Music App let's me download either a pre-made or created playlist to my phone for FREE so I can listen to music even without service.3. Wireless charging!4. The photos are awesome; especially for low light.5. I've already dropped this phone about 6 times now without a case and it still doesn't have a scratch.What I dislike about the phone1. The look of the calendar, I wish that the stock calendar App had slightly bigger font for the month view like the Apps you can get from the Windows App store.2. Wish that I could download my voicemail messages without get charged a monthly fee. (I think that's a Verizon thing)3. The media volume should be separated from the ringer volume. But I hear that is being updated shortly.All in all I love this Nokia phone.