Preface:  This is not what would be considered a smartphone in the United States (Nothing on the par of Android, iPhone, or Windows Phone), it is basically a feature phone.  Also, although it says here that it has a US warranty all of the warranty material it came with referenced Latin American countries so I am not sure if it is really covered under a US Warranty.  I returned it during Amazon's return window so it wasn't an issue.  Now for the phone review.Pros:  The phone has a great keyboard.  If you are familiar with the E-series phones its that type of keyboard.  The interface is some sort of modified Symbian and I liked it in a lot of ways.  The style of the hardware is attractive and the Gray is a nice color.  The camera was pretty decent considering it is only 2 megapixels.  For e-mail it's adequate.Cons:  I'll start with the small issues and work up to the big problem that ultimately made me decide to return the phone.  The onboard social network apps are not fully functional.  You can update your Facebook or Twitter status but the rest of it is so-so.  The Ovi store in general is a poor app store, but this phone isn't able to use many of them.  Even the old Facebook app that I used on my old E71 (It used to be called Snaptu but Facebook has since renamed it to Facebook for Everyone) is incompatible with this phone as are most of the better apps in the Ovi store.  The browser was mediocre, barely passable.  Also, NO GPS for this phone.  Nokia/Ovi Maps is incompatible which is too bad because that has always been a Nokia strength.  That immediately eliminates this phone as a smart phone.  With all of that said, I bought this phone for my wife and she really only needed a phone for texts and calls so we could have overlooked these things.  The problem we could not overlook was the very shabby, flimsy piece of metal that was supposed to hold in place the standard sim card.  This little piece of metal was barely attached to the phone and would not lock into place to hold down the sim card.  Because the sim card would intermittently get lose inside the phone and  constantly lose the signal.  So we would have to take the battery out and re-adjust the sim card.  Then it would work for a little while only to ultimately have to repeat the process.  It was WAY more frustration than it was worth.  It's too bad because as a basic phone for calls, texts, e-mail, and occasionally updating your Facebook/Twitter status; this phone has a lot of potential.  Becuase of the problem with the sim card holder, however, it was essentially unusable.  I have used Nokia phones for years (I use a Lumia 710 personally) and I am really surprised Nokia would do such a sloppy job on something as important as the part that holds the sim card in place.  What a waste.