I decided to use my dad's phone because he wasn't too keen on a Blackberry, his first smartphone. So well, let me take this point by point, the torch 2 is an interesting phone, the design is good and so on, let me break this down for you.Features -a) 5 Megapixel Camera, a fast processor, some inbuilt memory, OS 7.0 and camera with flashb) A very stable battery life, possibly the best I've had since the original Blackberry Curvec) A "fair at best" speakerphoned) Call Quality was average, a step below all Blackberries I've used, signal is kinda choppy but that could be the network.e) The slide out qwerty keyboard gives you access to the standard blackberry keyboard. This is flimsy and opens easily.f) Light weight, easy on the eyes, nice big LED, thank god for the trackpad, the touchscreen isn't all thatPROS -a) If I were to change to an Android phone tomorrow, the first thing I would miss the EXCELLENT battery life of this Blackberry. Sometimes the phone lasted me a day and half with regular usage. It takes very little time to charge. The most annoying thing about the iPhone 4S was that the battery life (despite the software updates) kept dying for me within 14 hours irrespective of usage.b) GPS works good, I was actually very surprised but the Google Maps worked very good on this phone. Initially I found the multi-tasking easy but I like to maximise battery so I close apps that are not running and i suggest you do the same especially applications such as CAMERA, GOOGLE MAPS and BLACKBERRY APP WORLD are BATTERY-HOGGERS.c) While I have used Blackberries with better keyboards, the design of the phone makes it just about adequate for people who don't text every minute of the day. I wish the keys felt better but the manufacturer had little room to manuever with this design so they did a fairly good job.d) OS 7.0  -  Although it is a bit of a hit and miss, the OS is good until it crashes (tbc)e) Sturdy - Even though I had to go invest in a new BACK PIECE, it must have been something I did.CONS -a) This is meant to be a touchscreen phone but I would seldom use that feature because it is sub-par at best. The typing on the screen is ridiculously bad using the onscreen keyboard. sometimes things wouldn't click, sometimes while browsing I would hit the wrong button. The touchscreen is HALF BAKED.b) Tinny - earphone speaker volume - not very clear ... The Blackberry bolds have far better voice clarity.c) After about 45 days of using this phone, the software just crashed on me this morning and I didn't have a recent backup so I've lost my recent notes, recent contacts and call history including BBM.Obviously, this will make me once again consider going back to the HTC EVO or upgrading to the HTC Sensation XL.d) Limited multimedia experience. Blackberry has been unable to convert the phone into a multimedia warehouse like Apple or Google. Granted the target audience doesn't care about such things but it is very annoying for someone who wants a one stop device for all features. I've used Androids and the Apple. Apple undoubtedly has the best music player.e) I'm not an App freak but the Apps on Blackberries are a joke and Blackberry ID is very annoying. RIM is not very app focused, Palm wasn't either, maybe it's time for an Android integration?f) The menu is not as easy to scroll and configure as Android or Apple.g) The browsing experience is very average, the phone is slow, googling seems high laborious.h) Horrid Camera. Possibly the worst camera I've used among recent phones. I go through a lot of phones and the camera is bad unless the lighting is very good. I'd give the camera a 5.5/10. The 9780 has a much better lens. The various settings mode are useless. Changing the RESOLUTION makes no difference. The camera is at par with the camera on the BLACKBERRY TOUR or Curve 2 (the one with the trackball)BUYER'S DECISION MAKING  -If you are an Android or iPhone user and hate it so much for the battery life, you will like this phone but read my review again so you know what you're getting into. Everyone in India seems to have the Blackberry which is why I stuck with mine for 7 weeks but I think I'm going to do some research and invest in an HTC Android.If you are a current Blackberry user and have a trackball based device - you will like this phone.If you are a current BB user who has a blackberry curve with trackpad - Look into the Androids or the iPhoneFor me, overall, the torch 2 is more good than bad. My software crashed last night and I got the ERROR 102. This has really upset me because I lost a lot of my data. I know it is my mistake that I did not back up the data but I thought the OS 7.0 would be a step above OS 5.X and OS 6.X so I never bothered.This was my first touchscreen Blackberry but the slider always keeps opening when it's in my pocket. I am somehow not comfortable with the design and feel the blues when I hold the 9780.Perhaps you should check the 9780 / 9790 if you need to keep a blackberry. The Bolds are always the most stable BLACKBERRIES I am now noticing.