It's like Goldilock's Porridge.  Not too small for my very nearsightedness, not too big to fatigue my arm as quickly as my Galaxy 3 8 inch tablet does.Big Pros:1.  Micro SD card slot can handle up to a 64GB card!2.  The back shell is removable - that's where the battery,  SIM and MicroSD live.  Allows for very sleek body styling.3.  Large, user replaceable battery.  I'm old fashioned.  I like a battery that I can replace if it gets where it no longer keeps a charge all day.4.  Humongous 6.3 inch gorgeous screen.  Is it a tablet that makes phone calls ?  Is it a phone that is also a wifi tablet ?  Who cares ?  It suits my needs and my wifes needs.5.  Price from Amazon locked on ATT carrier - I have been eyeballing this phone and a few others for a while.  Was just given a new work phone, HTC One M7, it's pretty darned awesome, was considering that one also for our personal phones.  ATT website had refurbed Mega 6.3's for Zero bucks, but they went out of stock befor emy payday.  Started poking around the internet and found Amazon offering NEW 6.3's for a freaking penny!  I'm not leaving ATT, and our 2 year contracts had expired, so Hello New Phones !!!6.  Amazon's freaking 2 day shipping was included in the already sweet deal for FREE!  My wife and I are impatient.  Two days is Amazawesome!!!7.  It's SO SHINY!!!!!!!  Mmmm...Black and Chrome - reminds me of our black 2004 Mercury Marauder that we loved.8.  My wife LOVES her Mega 6.3.  This is a woman that already owns a desktop pc, a netbook, a 17 inch laptop (for Sims 3, of course), Nintendo DS, two Xbox360s, and a Galaxy Note 3 8.0 inch tablet.  She is NOT easily impressed.  Oh yeah, she still has her two year old Acer 7 inch tablet, too.  LOLCons:1.  It's a bit slippery, make sure to order some kind of case at the same time is you can, even if it's just a cheap rubbery one to get you by while you decide on what type you will user permanently.  I dropped the wife's Mega on the floor already (don't tell!).  It didn't scratch or damage any part.  This was a slide off some papers on the desk onto the hard faux wood composite floor.2.  I have to wait for this weekend to finish setting up and configuring our phones.  :(  But I got the numbers switched over to the Megas easily on the ATT web site.3.  It does not have Android KitKat yet, but is slated to later this year.4.  It took me a while to find and peel off all of the protective plastic on the shiny chrome  metallic looking edges.5.  Took two whole days for the new phones to get to my house.  STOP SLACKING, AMAZON !!!  When I spend TWO WHOLE CENTS on my debit card, I WANT IT NOW!!!  ( I do predict that Amazon will be the first corporate entity to perfect everyday use of teleportation.  After that comes mind-reading...Amazon will know what I want before I want it due to predictive algorithms and will have it standing on the transporter platform waiting for me to authorize the purchase with my card.  Really, Amazon, there is a mountain money to be made here.)6.  Seriously, I am having trouble finding serious cons here.  The above cons are intended for your amusement only.I know these are heavily discounted due to a newer model on the horizon, but that's what I do.  I generally buy a little behind the bleeding edge and save huge bucks while owning cool stuff.  I've got a feeling that I am going to have to up our data plan some more.  :-)