I did have a Blu Quattro 5.7 but after 2 weeks the ear speaker went out. I returned it and got this one. I was hesitant since there is no Micro SD Card slot. However, I am using Google Drive and storing all my files and music on there.In the box was: The phone, earbuds with several size buds,instructions, charger and USB cable, screen protector, and a cover. This is one of the first unlocked phones that I got from Amazon that the box seal wasn't broken.Its very sturdy and fits nicely in the hand. I love the fact that it has Gorilla Glass.The phone as a great camera. Its a huge improvement over the camera on the Quattro. I also love the updates to the Android OS. It is smooth and very responsive. I like how you can setup the security to use your face to unlock the phone or a phrase.I installed a couple of programs that you might want to check out (free):1. Advanced Task Manager. This kills running programs and frees up the phone memory.2. Open Mic+. I'm experiment with this. Its an add on for Google+ so that you can do hands free voice commands. Similar to MotoX3. Clean Master. This will automatically tell you when to move installed programs from the phone memory to the larger section of the phone memory. It also cleans up the storage and gets rid of junk files. Very good program!On most of the Blu phones, they state that there is an FM radio. I've had the Blu 4.5 Quattro, 5.7 Quattro, and this phone. This is the only one though were I found the FM radio. It is great reception! You must use the earbuds in order for it to work. I suspect because they act as the antenna.The phone network speeds on this phone is improved over the 4.5 and 5.7 Quattro, due to improve protocol.Things I dislike about the phone:1. No Micro SD Card slot (No biggie since I am using Google Drive).2. They divide the phone memory into two partitions. A .99gb and a 12.83gb partition. The main partition is the .99gb one. I have tried to figure out how to combine them but have been unable to yet. I don't know why Blu does this. You have to carefully manage your installed apps or you will quickly run out of room. That's why I recommend Clean Master.3. The battery can not be removed. I guess that once the battery dies,you have to contact Blu to see about them replacing it or you just throw it away.4. The screen dims automatically after about 15 seconds. I have tried every setting and every program on the Play Store to prevent this. Nothing works. You must constantly touch the screen to keep it at full brightness. I don't know if its a Jelly Bean thing to save battery life or a Blu hardware setting. It's annoying but I've gotten used to it. Note: It won't dim while watching a video.5. Blu still hasn't come out with any cases for their phones!!!!! COME ON BLU!!!!Overall, a great phone. I think it's the best Blu phone that I've tried so far.I found a great case on Amazon....http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00J53YW16/ref=oh_details_o02_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc;=1It is soft rubber and wraps around the back of the phone and the front edges.Also found some great screen protectors for it here on Amazon.....http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00IJHPMHC/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc;=1Just follow the instructions. I installed mine with no bubbles and fingerprints don't show up that easily.