I have discovered that television has dramatically changed over the years.  It isn't about original programming any more; it is simply about how many advertisements you can jam into a half-hour time slot.  It has become depressing.  Where has all the original programs like Alf, Slimer and the Real Ghostbusters, and Golden Girls gone?  Instead, we are forced to watch prefabricated sit-coms that involve no reality (aka no money, fabulous house, amazing bodies) and are full of more commercialism than you can wag a stick at.  So, I have done my part to stop this "forced" television by cutting my cable all together.  I told the company that deals with our neighborhood that they were no better than the "big tobacco companies" and that I needed to stop "cold turkey" if I were to release from their cold dark hand.  So, with a huge gasp of air, I did.  Now, when I need my television fix, I buy a television series or rent one and enjoy the laughter without commercialism.  It is the only way to watch television anymore.  With all of this said, I finally had a chance to catch up on one of the most original television programs out there right now, Scrubs.  Its amazing blend of imagination, slapstick intelligent humor, and quirky characters keep the show fresh, appealing, and highly entertaining throughout its second season.Scrubs is not your typical show.  While it is a purely fictional program, I find that it deals with some of the most "real" problems facing us today.  What makes this show amazing is that it combines the realities of life with hysterical flashbacks and mind-challenging music.  The show is helmed by one of the greatest, and most comical, cast in television.  Zach Braff, amazing in Garden State, proves that he can play the "every man" better than anyone else in television.  His emotion, humor, and situations can somehow relate to true experiences in life, ones that we have all been through and laughed at afterwards.  His best pal Turk, who is struggling with the leaving bachelor lifestyle to marry his hospital girlfriend Carla, flanks him.  Together they have both imaginative adventures and dramatic encounters.  The "third-wheel" is Elliot, who cannot seem to pull herself out of a constant barrage of ruts, but always has her friends next to her.  These three are surrounded by some of the funniest, and human, doctors on television.  There is "headmaster" Bob Kelso and the hysterically funny John C. McGinley playing Braff's sarcastic mentor, Dr. Perry Cox.  With so much talent in a singular show, it is saddening to know that its peers have not awarded this show anything.  Studios would rather boast about the newest episode of Friends than reward a program that actually thinks about its comedy!I think what makes this program spectacular is how well the development team is able to combine both a comical, yet dramatic, element to each episode.  Not only do we laugh at these characters, but we also feel for them.  I do believe this is crucial in establishing a successful television show.  Audiences need to feel as if the characters are human, that they are (and can) go through experiences just like everyone else.  That is exactly what the team creating Scrubs has done.  What is great about the show is that they take these very small instances in our lives, blow them up, and surround them with humor, emotion, and quite a bit of great music.  Oh, the music.  That is definitely an element that sets this series apart from everything else cluttering our television sets.  The BEST Scrubs episode has to be the one where Colin Hay opens with his classic "Men at Work" song as he follows Braff throughout his day.  This will remain in your mind as a new television classic long after this series is dead.  Also, just the way the producers somehow pick some of the most beautiful songs to transition from comedy to drama in an instant, it is nearly like a third character.  The music is huge in Scrubs and I do not think it would be as successful without it.Scrubs also works because of the people involved with the show.  Everyone from Braff, to McGinley, to even the infamous Jan Itor (HA!) contribute 100% for each episode.  Each time I watch them interact together they make me laugh, they make me smile, and actually appreciate the creativity on television.  They are a smart group of actors that actually embrace comedy.  It is obvious that it is not forced, that they are not struggling with their characters, or seeking approval by any audience.  Scrubs is a show that you will either hate, or love.  It took me a couple of episodes to get fully developed into the show, but now, I cannot wait to witness J.D. fall into one of his mind "escapes" and take me into a very silly world remenicient of Monty Python or Seinfeld or even Family Guy.Overall, this second season is a phenomenal jump for this series.  There are some great twists, some amazing turns, while all the time keeping what we love about each of our characters in tact.  We see stronger relationships form while continuing that ER like emotion.  I cannot wait to watch the third season and revisit these old friends that make me smile each time I turn them on!  Scrubs is the perfect example of what television is like when you correctly combine intelligence, originality, and powerful actors!  Bravo!Grade: ***** out of *****