I would like to express my displeasure with the Galaxy S3 (International Version I-9300 - purchased in China). I have had the phone since June of 2012 and in terms of performance the phone has more than met my expectations with one major flaw - this is the most fragile screen I have ever seen on a phone!In November of 2012 while in Norway on business trip I dropped the S3 phone from my pants pocket onto the floor of a bus. The distance of the fall was about two feet (distance from the seat of the bus to the floor) and the phone at the time had a screen protector. Regardless, this short fall led to the screen shattering in numerous places. Fine... My fault right, I dropped the phone. I called Samsung Norway and was told to take the phone into a repair center and repair the screen at my expense... Done.The phone was quickly repaired (entire screen and digitizer assembly were replaced) and the phone functioned well for a few months albeit I was much more careful with the phone which had in addition garnered the protection of a sturdy case (this takes away from the glamour of having such a thin phone but hey it was worth it to not have to deal with another broken screen).In January of this year, despite my increased care, the phone again slipped out of my pocket, this time falling a distance of about three feet while exiting a vehicle to land on snow covered concrete. Despite the new coat of armor, again the fall resulted in the screen shattering in numerous places. (As an aside, when this screen shatters the phone becomes very unusable as it results jagged pieces of glass being exposed, definitely not finger friendly).Once again, and with slightly more frustration, I called Samsung although this time from the US. I'm sorry to say that they were extremely unhelpful. As I have the international version of the phone they could not recommend a service center, and instead continuously referred me to the international long distance phone numbers for Samsung China and Samsung Hong Kong as they do not make or service the international device (far be it from me to think that when I call Samsung they would service their own products or at least have the ability to transfer me to someone that could).Now I am left again with a phone with a broken screen contemplating paying hundreds more of my own money to have the screen repaired. I have been a loyal Samsung customer for years (this is my fourth Galaxy Phone and I recently purchased the Note II) and while I will be the first to admit I do not treat my phones like fine China, I have never before experienced a phone with such limited durability (the Note II in contrast has demonstrated phenomenal durability). Google Galaxy S3 broken screen and you will find hundreds of similar stories! This is terrible and is clearly a design flaw inherent in the phone.All in all, this is a great phone as long as you treat it like fine China and don't expect it to survive real world conditions (and if you break it don't count on Samsung helping you out, at least in my experience)... I'm sorry to say I cannot recommend this phone even though I love everything else about it.Thank you for reading my review and please comment if you've had similar experiences. Perhaps if enough of us get onboard Samsung will make amends.