Overall: Great phone, Good Quality. HiFi Ringers (Voice) and Megatones capable.Let's break this phone down.Pros:-[extremely durable] I have dropped, slept on, thrown (accidently.) this phone countless times and it is still in sturdy contact.-[user friendly] I did not need to use the manual to know how to use this phone. Unless you never owned a cell phone (or any electronics) in your life, this phone is easy to use.-[impressively lightweight] 2.86 oz!-[sleek and stylish] one thing that amazed me about this phone is the attractive look, especially when its flipped open. the blue key lighting is gorgeous, a change from old fashioned yellow lighting.-[small] Size: 3.3 x 1.8 x 0.8 inches, depends if you find this a pro or not. but it could fit in a tight pocket and would hardly be noticeable. could fit in a small purse. etc.-[many shortcuts] if you're like me, you wouldnt like tapping so many buttons just to get to the function you want. I am not going to get into any specific shortcuts but if you really want to learn them, the manual shows you all different kinds. or you can look at the generous review below me entitled "a few helpful shortcuts"-[light keys] the keys are very easy to press.-[GAMES!] one of the things that impressed me about this phone are the games (includes four: MobileChess, Ultimate Golf Challenge, Bubblesmile, Fun2Link). plus you can download more for a cheap price on the net.-[battery saver] I use my phone (which I have owned for almost a year) throughout the whole day (and might I add, for hours at a time) without it dying on me. All it needs is a good recharge throughout the whole night and it's good to go the whole day. The reason why its so energy efficient is mostly due to the fact that while you're on the phone, it turns off the entire screen after being idle for a while and comes back on with the simple press of a button.-[strong signal] this small phone has a strong signal, even in my basement. I never had a problem with it unless t-mobile itself was at fault.-[etc.] for more details just refer to the technical specifications.Cons:-[scratches galore] although it's extremely durable, it scratches very easy.-[mediocre ringtones] the phone comes with a generous list of ringtones, however, I have found myself only mildly interested in about 5 of the preset tones and ended up downloading more tones instead. also, if you download HiFi ringers (voice ring tones) they only sound for about 6 seconds until it reloops, plus the sound quality is not so great. I recommend motorola for better quality ring tones.-[no camera] if you havent already figured it out, this model has no camera.-[bad quality photos] If you are sent a picture on this phone, the picture's quality is lessened.-[etc.] for more details just refer to the technical specifications.These are only general pros and cons, I have not listed all details. However, as you have read, the cons of this phone are merely minor ones and are outnumbered by the pros. I highly recommend this phone for people who want a classy flip phone at a low price.Personally, I love this phone and I do not mind that it does not come with a camera, as most phones have bad camera quality anyway. I would rather purchase a separate high quality camera.