I have been holding off writing the review for this fantastic phone until I tested the phone properly. I had bought this phone exactly a week ago. When I first held it in my hands, it felt perfect. Although I have read a few bad reviews about this phone, I had complete faith in Nokia. Therefore, I went ahead and purchased this Nokia Phone mainly for their great build. I have to admit I have been using Nokia for the past 10 years, except for 2-years when I had to switch to Samsung (I hated it). Some of my friends suggested to me not to buy Symbian based phones anymore but I think they are wrong. It is still very good and as far as I am concerned, this is one of the best phones available in the market.Device set up:The initial set up for the phone was easy. Even I was able to transfer all the contacts, texts and calendar from my other Nokia phone to this phone through Bluetooth.Design (9/10):The design of this entire phone is excellent. It fits perfectly in the palm. One can operate the phone with one hand with ease. There are three home screens and one can easily customise it to your requirement. This you will not achieve in Android or iphone.Keyboard (10/10): This is perhaps the finest QWERTY keyboards I have ever seen so far. The keys look elegant and evenly spaced, including the touchscreen QWERTY keyboard.Screen (10/10):This phone has 4" AMOLED screen with excellent displays. The touch sensitivity on this screen is brilliant, which is mainly a feather touch. I played a couple of 720p HD videos from you tube and the quality was impeccable.Speaker (9/10):This phone is equipped with Dolby Digital surround system, which is equivalent to home theatres. Due to this, you would not miss a beat. The important part of the phone is the call quality, which I found to be excellent in this phone. I have not had any problems in call quality since I bought it a week ago.Software (8/10):Although many people think Symbian is dead, I certainly think otherwise, especially after I purchased this phone. The software is a huge upgrade if you are a Symbian fan. Once my phone updated to Symbian Anna, it works very well. It did work very well even before the update! The software in this phone runs as smooth as one would find it in Android or iPhone. Still, there are rooms for improvement.Map (10/10):The Ovi map is by far the best I have used in the past 6 months (including my old Nokia 5800 xpressmusic). I also own Garmin ($150) and had used Google maps but they failed to beat Ovi maps. The best part of Ovi maps is the turn-to-turn direction guidance. Furthermore, Ovi maps have maps for more than 150 countries and can be used offline. Moreover, you can use your own voice for directions!Apps (9/10):There are hundreds of apps available for Nokia but I do not use that many apps. Whatever I use, works very well in E7. Anyway, who wants 1000s of apps on their phone?Games (8/10):There are as many games available for Nokia E7 as in Android or iPhone. I have played a couple of games in Nokia, just to test it, and it works brilliantly in E7.Camera (4/10):The Camera in E7 is not good, unless there is enough light. I have my own DSLR camera, which nothing can beat. Therefore, I am not worried about the camera in the phone.Update: An update on camera. This camera is certainly way better than the camera in iPhone or Android phones. It takes very good pictures, if there is enough light. I did shoot a few HD (1080 p) videos a few days ago, which looked excellent. Even my friends who own iPhone and Android were amazed at the quality of this video.Office/Adobe (10/10):Nokia E7 comes with pre-installed office (Word, Excel and Powerpoint) and Adobe PDf for free. Any iPhone/Android user has to pay some money to get office/Adobe on their phone. This is a huge advantage for any person who writes/edits notes or spreadsheets often.Battery (6/10):This is probably a major drawback in this phone. I do not understand why E7 comes with a short battery time, when it has so many features. I fully charged the battery in the morning and used a lot features (more than usual). The battery lasted for 13 hours. This is not bad but I wish the Nokia had used a better battery for this phone.Overall, this is the best phone one can get in the market now. It is worth the money and you will not be disappointed. I hope Nokia does not stop to make Symbian based phones, now they have joined hands with Mircosoft.I had bought this phone on 47% ($369.00) discount from Amazon (one-day shipment). Thank you Amazon for this amazing offer.UPDATE: Here is an update after 3 weeks of usage. I am beginning to fall in love with this phone. This is just fabulous, especially Anna. I believe Belle has not reached N. America yet. So, I can't comment on it. I have looked at Android phones but I don't like their small buttons and Android UI is not as  smooth as Anna. Who said there are not good Apps for Nokia? some of the apps that I use on E7 surprises my Android/iPhone friends! If you are used to Symbian, you will love this business phone.Final Update: I am loving Nokia more after Nokia Belle update. It's better than Android, certainly in speed. I never had any glitches in Belle. Even the battery seems to last longer than the previous software editions. Thank you Nokia. Keep up the good work. We would like to see more software upgrades similar to Belle. People who do not like nokia Belle are perhaps used it for less than a week and gave a wrong impression about it.