For all of the Nokia bashing by the media over the past few years, the 808 has been a breath of fresh air for me.  The PureView tech on this device makes dedicated picture and video devices a thing of the past...at least when it comes to high quality point and shoot cameras.  In fact, unless you absolutely need a DSLR, this phone will do it all. Sound quality is also off the charts...with the "Rich Recording" and full DOLBY capabilities inside the 808.  It also packs a super sized XENON flash for night-time stills AND a hi powered LED for evening video (+ flashlight).Browser: The default browser is OK but lags behind the competition.  Easily solved by installing Opera Mobile and/or Opera Mini. Opera Mobile is leading most benchmarks.  Like the browser on the iPhone, Opera does not support flash.  However, the default browser is Flash Lite capable.UI:  Very smooth and fluid.  Belle FP1 is IMO on par with Android 2.3...in terms of the user experience.Apps: Of course, you will have to settle for less apps (~30K for the 808).  That being said, 9 times out of 10 I have found a Belle version of a popular app...or at least a near proxy.  No Kindle Reader app.  Skype does not yet offer video calling via its client...though the device itself is fully capable.As for games...the dedicated GPU is a screamer...so it performs well. From Angry Birds, to Raging Thunder 2, Real Golf 2011, Fruit Ninja...there's plenty to choose.  However, it cannot compare to the game selection offered by Apple.Battery: Excellent...close to 2 days with average use.  Also removable.Build:  Solid.  The polycarbonate chassis feels good in the hand and exudes quality.  The camera hump is not so huge, considering the massive sensor inside.  The curved gorilla glass on the front of the device is terrific and really adds to the unique design.  The camera is also protected by gorilla glass.Screen:  For me, the visibility in sunlight is incredible.  Colors really pop. It's a full RGB AMOLED (with Nokia's Clear Black tech), so even though the 640x360 resolution is much less than the competitions' resolution...the end result is quite OK for me.e-mail:  E-mail client is solid.Keyboard:  OK, but getting an upgrade soon. You can also use the SWYPE keyboard, which can be downloaded for free.Navigation:  Two words: awesome + global.Call quality:  excellent.Signal:  Nokia is tops, as usual, in the signal reception area.  In addition, this is a pentaband 3.5G phone...so you can take it just about anywhere in the world. Works on both AT&T; and T-mobile stateside.I can do a lot with this phone in terms of media creation and consumption.  It handles all sorts of CODECs, allows full file access/wireless file transfer (wifi, BT), USB On The Go, etc. etc.To really get the most out of this device, I installed:  1) Opera Mobile-free, 2) Gravity (for my Google Reader, Facebook, Foursquare and Twitter requirements)-15 bucks, 3) MS Office Suite-free, 4) Skype voice only-free, 5) Molome-IM client for free, 6) Nokia Social-free, 7) CuteBox for dropbox-free and/or SugarSync-free and/or Skyfiles-free, 8) HandySafe Pro-3 bucks, 9) Nokia Sleeping Screen-free, Nokia Big Screen-free (for HDMI output with remote to big screen TV).