Alright, I finally bought one a month ago based on the reviews here. This is my first smart phone. I considered iPhone and N96 before finally settling for E71. Here is why: I realized that what I really wanted was connectivity on the run (or walk ;)) - not necessarily watching movies or doing demos to others on what my phone can do. I wanted a phone that can do many things pretty well, and not just some things absolutely the best. I also wanted a phone that lets me add applications that I (as opposed to AT&T; and Apple) want/allow. And I didnt want to go bankrupt buying/using that phone.  E71 satisfies all (well, except the demo part: I ended up demoing it a few times ;)).Coming to the phone itself - it has an unvelievable set of features - * Connectivity options - You name it, it has it(Bluetooth - including stereo headset support infrared, Wifi, 3G, Edge). You can connect to Wifi networks that requires encryption (I configured WEP) or browser-based authentication. * A GPS with A-GPS support - meaning fast GPS lock. Not sure if you need(I have) data plan to use it. You can disable it, though, and use just the plain GPS. * Decent email client (setting up gmail took all of 1 minute - just enter your user name and passwd). But you should try Nokia's new push email service (free for now - not sure how long), it is much better. Emails show up on your phone even before Gmail web ui shows it (same case with built-in email client as well). Both has no html support (yet). * It can sync up with outlook on your windows PC using Nokia Suite, and it can connect to Exchange using active sync (though I havent checked this myself - my employer doesnt allow me to). * It plays all kinds of media files (audio is decent, and the speaker loud enough) and youtube. * It has a very good browser with flash support (and you can watch You Tube videos) * it has internet telephony support(meaning you dont need any additional software if you have SIP account with any provider) * it has tonnes of other applications (free and paid) that you can download from Nokia's own or various Symbian S60 websites. Fring (chat/voip client for google talk, skype, etc), Google Maps (with street view), Yahoo Go, etc are some must-have applications available free. Ability to be on Skype all-day (of course, if you have data plan) can save you a lot of money, if you make/receive international calls (you can make skype-skype free or skype-phone for lower rates without using your minutes) * You can add more memory using micro SDHC card and applications can be installed on phone memory or card * Good battery life (at least to my expectations) - with wifi and 3G turned on, push-email set to immediate notification, Fring running always and lots of browsing, I get through 2 days. With 3G turned off (using edge), push-email at immediate notification and moderate browsing, I have now gone 3 days and battery has 40% charge left. * Looks - One of the best looking (still feature-rich) phones (much better than N95, but nowhere near an iPhone) out there. It is very thin, and is probably smaller than iPhone. * Finally, it has a full qwerty keyboard which is very very very usable - never thought I could do that on a phone.For the negative side, I must say that the Wifi reach is not as good as my laptop (meaning, I can get fairly good signal on laptop, but E71 wont get any) - but then you cant really compare the high-power laptop to a low-power cellphone. Also the phone has a 2.5mm audio jack (not 3.5mm, as your regular headsets would use) - you will have to get a 2.5mm to 3.5mm adapter if you are particular about that favorite headset of yours.Overall, I recommend the phone. With the AT&T;'s Media Unlimited (just $15 per month, instead of $30 that iPhone requires), I am enjoying the new phone. My days have changed - for the better!