This is the international version of this phone. Specifically, it is intended to be used in Malaysia. You'll have to go through a couple of the settings dialogs to set the language and region if that's not where you live. Once that's done, it will work just the same.T-Mobile uses the GSM 2100 band for it's "4G" network, though keep in mind T-Mobile's "4G" network is more like 3.5G (more accurately it should be called HSPA+). It is slower than the other major U.S. carriers. It works fine with this phone, even if T-Mobile tells you it won't. Speed tests show it's on their fastest network. AT&T; HSPA+ should work as well on the GSM 1900 band, but I have not verified it.Most importantly: do not update the Access Point app from Nokia on this phone! The factory version works fine, but the updated version breaks internet sharing. This is extremely annoying. Perhaps a future update will resolve the problem, but for now, you have to leave it alone.The Lumia 620's main body is black. This white cover acts as the battery cover, physical buttons, and a protective cover. The phone isn't useable without it. This is too bad, because the phone itself is very skinny but this cover makes it an overall thick phone. All the covers I see for sale are placed on top of this existing cover, which I find silly. The one exception is a durable cover from Nokia, which is even thicker.You can find lots of reviews of the Lumia line online. I picked this one because it was near my price range for an off-contract phone. It's got a nicer screen than the 520, but doesn't have the great camera of the 920. The 720 was very tempting, but out of my price range. I think the 620 is the best value of the series right now.I get a full day's charge with more than an hour of web-browsing, an hour of music streaming to headphones, three updating email accounts, and a half-hour of voice. This isn't great, but good enough for me.UPDATE: The Amber (GDR2) update breaks internet sharing for T-Mobile customers. You'll get an error that your plan does not include this option, but T-Mobile will tell you they can't help as this is an unsupported phone. After months of hard resets and changing APN settings, I finally found a fix: download the Japanese QWERTY keyboard from Settings > Keyboards. This is a crazy solution - certifiably, undeniably mad. Once the keyboard downloads, you will need to reboot and the phone will perform some kind of update. Then it works. I'm typing this from my laptop tethered to this phone now.This phone has continued performing well over the last 6 months. I have a couple of tiny scratches on the edges of the screen, but otherwise it is in good shape. The battery has been lasting a full day as long as use it only moderately. With internet sharing working again, I am completely satisfied with this phone.