With the incarnation of the E75, Nokia successfully continues the E series ideology of enterprise-oriented phones while supporting a balance of personal life and entertainment.The E75 is the first QWERTY slider into the E series, yet maintains a pleasant thinness.  It is not as thin as the E71, but Nokia is fitting quite a bit of hardware into this thin slider body.  Nevertheless, the E75 is solidly built and maintains a great feel while being held open or closed.The QWERTY keyboard featured on the E75 is huge.  Coming from a narrower brick QWERTY, the jump to such a wider keyboard is impressive and helps make typing out messages on a phone less of a chore.  Those who may have bigger fingers may appreciate the larger keys as featured on the E75.  Unlike the E71 the E75 contains a dedicated Ctrl key, the E71's key only being a secondary function.  This dedicated key makes tasks like copying and pasting even easier.Response time from this phone is pleasing - loading applications is fairly quick, and any seldom noticeable lag is minimal.  Multitasking is rather simple, and having a couple applications simultaneously open does not significantly impact the phone's performance.Symbian S60 3rd with Feature Pack 2 is the operating system powering the E75.  Search contacts directly from the home screen is a valued feature - as the name of a contact is typed (even from the keypad), results are quickly displayed above providing shortcuts to call or message the contact.  Mail setup is a breeze and supports Exchange, and using the mail application is very easy and intuitive.  The home screen is highly customizable, and the switching between work and personal modes makes the interface even more flexible.Other benefits of the E75 are its wide range of connectivity - HSDPA, 802.11b/g, GPS, Bluetooth, etc.  Additionally, the phone's video record mode supports a VGA resolution at 30fps.  The phone also comes included with a 4GB microSD card and the slot is external.  Surprising was the quality of the included earbuds/mic - they aren't the best quality on the market, but for included earbuds they are actually nice.  A full 3.5mm audio jack is also onboard, opposed to 2.5mm.  Additionally, the E75 can charge over USB, though not as fast as the provided adapter.While the keyboard of the E75 brings advantages there are some drawbacks, though these are relatively minor.  Because the keyboard is so wide, it can take a few uses to get accommodated to the width - anyone used to a brick QWERTY will need to get accustomed to reaching further with their thumbs.  Unfortunately, there is no double quote character on the keyboard, not even as a second function.  Instead, the double quote character must be accessed through the Character key.  The absence of a left Ctrl key makes moving the cursor over by word practically impossible - both the ctrl key and directional pad are on the right side.  The keyboard could also have benefitted by finger finders to help assist with positioning, though this isn't a serious problem.The keys on the keypad seem a bit small, and this could hinder some accuracy when working with the phone at a quick pace.  However, to accommodate the E75's screen and physical size the keys had to be sized as they are.  While it would have been nice to have a larger screen, it really wouldn't be possible to accommodate one with the face keypad.  The N97 is Nokia's full-face screen model (lacking the dedicated keypad), and as such supports touch.  The glossy face on the E75 means it is a fingerprint magnet - both keypad and screen.  Be prepared to frequently wipe off prints.There are some mediocre aspects to the E75.  The battery is only 1000mAh, which will allow for about a full day of fairly heavy use.  However, for light to medium use the battery should last a few days before needing a charge.  Thankfully, Nokia included the charge over USB option in this phone.  Additionally, the camera quality of the E75 is nothing special.  And while the Nokia browser has been improved upon and supports Flash, it could use some more improvements in navigation and viewing.The perceived drawbacks to the E75 are essentially nitpicks however.  This phone has a number of positive aspects that make it very solid and a pleasure to use.  Nokia's E75 is an adequate powerhouse, fully capable of accommodating the aspects of an E series mobile lifestyle.