Bucking the trend of placing high performance components in cheap looking, cheaper feeling cases, HTC has produced an inexpensive, entry level, Android powered Smartphone that looks and feels anything but cheap.If you are reading this review, odds are you are not in the market for an IPhone 5 or Samsung Galaxy 3.  If you are, you are looking at the wrong phone.However, if you are looking for a great looking, well built, entry level Android Smart Phone, you have come to the right place.I am not going to review the Virgin Mobile service because all Virgin Mobile phones have the same strengths (inexpensive no contract service plans) and weaknesses (Slow 3G data rates, spotty coverage, No 4G LTE).The phone runs on the Sprint Network, so you should check out your Sprint Coverage before hooking up to Virgin Mobile.It should be noted, that this phone does not have a SIM card, so this phone can not be transferred to any other service.  You're stuck with VM.Now on to the phone.The phone is well built with it's aluminum unibody and Gorilla Glass screen and fits well in your hand.  The 3.7 inch display, while not Super AMOLED is still very sharp, has adequate brightness and a very wide viewing angle.The phone is powered by a 1Ghz Single Core Snapdragon processor with 512MB RAM and 4GB internal storage (1GB available for apps) and supports adding up to 32GB of storage via it's built in Micro SD slot.  It is currently running Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich with HTC's "Sense 4.0" UI enhancement suite (more on that later....).The built in 5MP camera has all the bells and whistles of more expensive smart phones, including HDR processing, Panoramic View, Burst Mode, and the ability to take stills while recording from Video.  In fact, the camera is one of the strongest features of this phone, and I am constantly amazed at the quality of the shots I get from this little powerhouse.  Missing in action is a front facing camera so no Video Chat or Face Unlock features on other handsets running ICS.The phone also features "Beats Audio" on board which helps make music sound richer when listening on headphones.  Beats Audio is a bit of a gimmick, and in my opinion isn't anything but a pre-amp with added Bass, but it does improve the sound quality while on vs while off.Call quality is fine and I have never had issues with any dropped calls in my service area.The battery life is good compared to similar Android Smartphones, but it's lack of a user replaceable battery will encourage you to buy a car charger or be close to an available USB port if you will be away from AC power for more than a day at a time.  Apps like Juice Defender Plus or Ultimate available on Google Play can help extend your battery life significantly.The snapdragon processor is adequate for ensuring a mostly smooth UI motion and the ability to run almost any app available on Google Play.  Angry Birds, Cut the Rope, Words with Friends....All run with no issue.  Some intensive apps like Temple Run will cause the phone to hiccup, so this phone by no means is a "gamer".A lot of people have complained that this phone is rather "slow".  And I too, have noticed slowdowns on this handset, mainly when loading webpages.  Upon further investigation, I believe this has more to do with it's limited RAM more than it's processor.HTC loads it's "Sense" suite of UI enhancements, and does improve a bit on the stock ICS experience, however it comes at a cost.  Sense takes easily 30 to 50 MB of available memory and there is no way to turn it off.  Add this to the overhead in running ICS, and your phone is easily down to less than 100MB of RAM available to run apps.  As a result, you can get to low memory conditions rather quickly.The only way around this is to Root the phone and load one of the many custom ICS ROM's available which do not include HTC sense.  The downside to this, however, is Rooting the phone will void it's warranty (you have to unlock the phone from HTCDev website, so you can't root it without HTC knowing about it).  And since Sense UI also controls the Camera App, you are likely to eliminate a lot of the cool features of the camera as well.For a majority of us non power users, Rooting the phone, trying to flash custom ROMS is not a viable option.  A much better alternative for me, is an application called Auto Memory Manager available from Google Play.  It has two built in settings which unlike other "task killers" allows you to set memory thresholds after which Android will start killing certain classes of services.  These settings are fully user configurable so you can experiment to see which values work best for you.  This has really helped eliminate most of the annoying lag I have experienced thus far.  And if I am careful not to go to overly complex websites via the browser, I can eliminate the lag almost completelyIt is important, however, to keep in mind, this is an entry level phone and it will never approach the performance of a phone 4 to 5 times it's cost.  It is a very nice Entry Level Android Smart phone, and as long as you keep in mind it's limitations, you will be able to do almost everything your friends with their much more expensive handsets can do with their phones, just not quite as fast.However, with plans starting at $35/dollars a month for 300 anytime minutes and unlimited text and web, you won't be paying nearly as much as they did either.