I bought this cell phone in March 2012, because my previous T-Mobile Nokia Prepaid phone is dead, and I don't want to buy another cheap pre-paid phone. I have changed my cell phone contract to pre-paid service, and my AT&T; landline to Ooma VOIP for 2 years already, which saved me a lot of money! Since I have to spend money to buy a cell phone, it has to be some kind of smart phone, not the cheap pre-paid phone. That's how I found this HTC my Touch 3G with a good price.I want the cell phone with micro SD card slot, so that I could add more memory space if necessary. This is the function most cell phone companies are not offering, especially for Apple products. You have to pay extra money for a little bit more memory, which is ridiculous to me.Another factor draws my attention is the ability to replace the battery. Nowadays a lot of cell phone companies simply seal everything, which prevents you from opening the cell phone. If battery dies, you need to send it back to technicians or buy a new one. I don't really know the philosophy behind it, but I honestly do not appreciate this kind of marketing trend at all.  This is the reason why I buy this HTC my Touch 3G. It has everything I need.After I have received the cell phone, I immediately found out that I need a data plan to activate the cell phone, which is a big headache for me, as I did not buy the data plan. I just have the simple 1000 minutes prepaid plan. Eventually I have to borrow my friend's SIM card with data plan to activate the phone. After the activation is completed, the cell phone works just fine without any problem.Later on I found out HTC is releasing the Android 2.2 upgrade for this cell phone. I was trying every way to download the firmware without any success. The cell phone is not recognized by my computer at all. Finally I contacted the HTC customer service asking for help. They operated my computer remotely with my approval and to my surprise; they helped me upgrade my firmware through the web in 30 minutes. I should have called them long time ago.I'd like to give it 5 stars, but I could only rate it 4 stars. It might not be HTC's fault. I think it probably is Google and T-Mobile's policy to lock this cell phone to Google Gmail account and the T-Mobile data plan. Another marketing strategy to guide the consumer to spend more money I guess, which made this unlocked phone locked in some way. So I could only give it 4 stars.This phone is good. I find no complain about it. You can go online without data plan if you have Wi-Fi spot . You can add memory, replace the battery, take the camera shot, etc. If you are not the one who is following the fashion trend of i-Everything, or addicted of texting all day long, I personally believe this cell phone would serve you years well without any problem. Just one reminder, it might save you a lot of trouble and headache, I learned it a hard way: Call HTC customer service as early as possible to upgrade the firmware. They are nice and will upgrade you "locked" unlocked phone to a new truly unlocked HTC my touch 3G!