Here's the deal. I got this phone from the seller CellPhonesCheap.  This phone is exactly what I was looking for in a phone and I mean EXACTLY. I love the phone and all its features. It takes awesome pictures! Love the slide keyboard! Tons of storage space. I was able to download educational apps for my child and I to play together. I could rave on and on! Unfortunately, the seller sold me a phone that I honestly feel was a lemon and/or a poorly refurbished device. The screen constantly had glitches running through it. It would lock up several times per day to the point where I would have to take the protective casing off, then the back, then take battery out! It also had other strange little glitches.I tried to give the phone a chance and hoped that I could learn to live with the kinks, but why should I do that when I paid good hard earned money? I should get what I was told I would be getting!  I properly went through amazon to contact the seller. I gave extreme details as to what the problem was. Every answer I received took 24-48 hours. The responses were maximum 2 sentences and very vague! I explained that I liked the phone and asked if I got them to send me another one would I get the thirty day return period again. I got a yes. Now, I was told that I had TWO days to send that phone back in order to stay within my 30 day return period. It cost me almost 10 bucks at the post office to ensure it got there on time. Do you think they showed me the same respect in returning my money or sending me a new phone or even an email saying they got the phone? NOPE. I waited two weeks to get my refund or a box at my door with a new product. I corresponded again asking if I was going to get a refund or a new phone. A day later I was asked, "Well which do you prefer?"  Hello, I already answered that!  I politely sent a response giving them positive criticism on proper customer service and how I feel that they have not been respectful to me as a customer even though I had been so easy going to them. I told them that I had paid extra to make sure the product was there at their demanded date and asked if they could show the same respect in returning my money so I could get a reliable phone! I get a response with a half-baked apology then asking me if I returned the phone! Also asked for tracking number.REALLY? Can they be anymore obvious that they are stalling returning my money!?!  I had already complained about the defective product to Amazon since they did not respond to any of my initial contacts. I called amazon again to complain about this run around nonsense. The rep could see all the correspondence between CellPhonesCheap and me. He said that I definitely did everything correctly and that all criteria was met to file a claim against the seller!My recommendation before buying this product or any other product on amazon is to pay attention to seller reviews. Take notice of how many customers actually rated them. Read seller reviews!  Sometimes you may have to pay a few extra bucks for a seller with tons of great reviews!  If you don't want a defective product and the completely frustrating and obvious run around from a seller, put CellPhonesCheap on your DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER list!