I had this phone on Verizon for a full 2 years with my contract. It was my very first smart phone and I have to say, I've been extremely pleased with it. It has had it's ups and downs, like all devices these days, but overall if I had to do it all over again, I would pick it again.To start, the phone is a very comfortable size. I have smaller hands so I am not easily able to use some of the newer, larger screens. This phone fits comfortably in my hand and I can reach all of the buttons to text with one hand, if needed. The phone is stylish and attractive on it's own with smooth lines and contours and all buttons are easily accessible and responsive. The phone is heavier than previous phones I have had, but I think this helps it to feel solid in your hand and appreciate the weight, though it is certainly not heavy in general.The functions of the phone itself are also fairly easy to use and the phone is simple to navigate. It comes with several themes and styles you can choose from, allowing for several screens you can swipe between and customize. You can set individual ringtones for your favorite contacts and upload your own music to serve as a ringtone as well. I find the screen to be very responsive to swipes and touches as well. The display is crisp and clear and easy to read, though there is a little glare in sunlight. I applied a ZAGG invisibleSHIELD for HTC DROID Incredible 2 - Screen - Retail Packaging - Clear from day 1 and have had no issues with clarity or visual appeal.Call clarity has rarely been an issue. Most calls come across clear and the phone can be set to adjust call volume depending on the level of surrounding noise, which is a nice feature. I text more than call, but I have found the actual call features to be more than suitable for my needs.When running applications, the phone works fine. It's easy to see all of your running applications and easily stop or uninstall them. There is a nice feature where if you hold down the Home button, it brings up a screen that shows all of your recently used apps so you can easily access them. Sound quality for music is adequate, but not amazing. I use Pandora on my phone but normally connect it to my car stereo when driving or my portable speakers at home.Surfing the internet is smooth and you have the ability to save bookmarks if you use Firefox. I'm not sure about other browsers, since I have only used Firefox on my phone, but Firefox is responsive and easy to use on the Incredible 2.This phone supports 3G, Wireless internet and Bluetooth capability, but does not support 4G LTE.Overall, the Incredible 2 is a great phone. I am sad to see it go, but I recently upgraded when I renewed my contract. I will miss this phone for sure, it was a nice first smartphone to have!