Update 08/13/2013  Blackberry the company, is FOR SALE as very few like to buy their new Smartphone's like Z10, Q10 !!! as stated Monday Aug 13, they are looking for an easy way out and is selling....I am thinking there may not be a buyer for they should have done this quietly cause this will make their customers nervous about blackberry's future...Analyst saying Blackberry may go private but this is a very very bad sign, meaning Blackberry may want to die quietly without any press coverage while it is disposing all its valuable asset..Yuckkkkkk.... For those who did not listened to me you might as well trade your blackberry Z10 Q10 Q5 with iphone, Samsung or nokia Smartphone's while it still has some value left on it. You don't want to have a piece of junk  months from now cause THERE WILL BE LESS AND LESS APP'S AVAILABLE FOR THIS SMARTPHONE and expect more BUG'S because app's developers might become lazy in updating their existing app's running on BB10 knowing that this company may go under in the future. Besides blackberry employee are for sure very demoralize as they see their future dwindling and many maybe looking for other jobs. I was thinking talented employee's of blackberry many of them maybe leaving or looking for other job. So my friends and co-consumer BE WISE and save your hard earned monies. My belief is there will only be 3 major Smartphone OS in the future and they are Apple OS, ANDROID AND WINDOWS. So if you like your investment in technology and knowledge relevant in the future just concentrate on these 3 Smartphone OS and I am pretty sure your investment will not put to waste.6/27/2013 update: My fellow consumer think twice before spending too much on this phone, recently I did my Costco shopping and was surprise to see that they markdown the upfront cost for a two year contract for the Z10 (same as Q10 except for the keyboard). Since last week  you can now get the Z10 for $50 with contract used to be you have to pay $200 2 months ago, I say this product is not really selling well in our great country USA a huge markdown of 150 dollars in just a period of less than 3 months. In comparison to apple ios 5 and Samsung galaxy the price of their phone is not going down and still expensive even after 1 year I say a great investment. As you can see the price of this Q10 phone started here beyond expensive at close to $1200, now going down to close to $600. To be realistic blackberry says before the launch of Q10 that they will offer this at the range of between 650 to 750 but still a markdown of close to $600 is not a good sign. Just recently since the Q10 is not really selling well Blackberry immediately release a lower price version of it they now called Q5 price starting they say at $400. I still think Q5 is expensive.The bottom line,  I still think that blackberry devices under its new OS BB10 will be gone in the future just like palm (there will only be 3 major smartphone OS THAT WILL DOMINATE THE MARKET Apple IOS, GOOGLE ANDROID and Microsoft windows 8), but if you really like blackberry wait a little bit longer and you may get these new devices for FREE with a two year contract. But I reminded you that your Blackberry financial investment and technical knowledge will be wasted as I see no hope for this company in the future as a device manufacturer.My original posting:This is what i call a punishment for those who stick with vintage smartphone keyboard tech. basically you can buy a phone like this with keyboard for less than a hundred dollars. Blackberry is desperate for profit so they are milking monies out of their loyal hard core blackberry users. i am rating this 1 star same as i rated the z10 because the only diff between the two is the vintage keyboard. Pricewise this product is 1 star. if you are a business owner buying this phone for your business is not a wise decision because there are much cheaper phone same functionalities as this one for less than a hundred dollars.Honestly if you are a business owner you don't want your employee representing your company to carry a phone line this, because this is a turn-Off especially for young clients like 50 years old below. Maybe if you are ready to retire, don't care about what others may think of you as being too vintage THIS PHONE IS GOOD FOR YOU, but still the price I think is too much. Sometimes I see guys carrying a phone like this with keyboard, and in the modern Smartphone world of app's and advance technologies, I can't help measuring a person's adept to modern technologies with the model of Smartphone he carries. I believe it is good for one person's advancement and good company reputation if they carry Smartphone impressive enough and in line with trend and future technological direction. Since this phone is good for texting, voice call, phone like this should only be sold for less than a 100 dollars. The screen not big enough, I don't see this phone good for app's, video and web browsing. Why pay too much for less functionality that you can use.If your really a hardcore blackberry user WAIT FOR THIS Q10 PHONE's price to go down to less than $200 just like other smartphone of this caliber, Take note you can save more monies if you wait a little bit longer cause you might get this for free with a two year contract, great possibility that this phones new OS will cease to exist or obsolete in a couple of years just like other smartphones new software and operating system.