I have owned one of these phones for about 5 months, and I can say without hesitation that it is the worst Android smartphone I have ever used. I experienced a long list of issues with this device.-First, there is no reason why it should exist at this price point. So far as I can tell the only reason why anyone ever buys one of these is because it says "Samsung Galaxy SIII" and it costs a lot less than a real Galaxy SIII. But underneath its roughly the same as a bad Motorolla Atrix (the first generation one that was state of the art back in 2011). $300 for an unlocked GSM Android phone with a 1ghz CPU, 8 gigs of storage and no LTE? Give me a break. The Motorola Atrix HD I replaced this with (much bigger higher res screen, better camera, better battery life, 50% faster CPU, and LTE capability) was actually cheaper. In late 2013 this would be a $100 phone even if it wasn't a complete piece of crap. I made the mistake of ordering it because I get a drop of water under the glass of my real Galaxy SIII knew I only had a very few minutes to order a replacement before my screen would be gone forever and my phone unusable, and I did not have time to shop around or check the specs carefully enough. Don't make my mistake. If all you need is an HSDP+ phone with a 1 gig CPU and minimal storage there are a million old models that are reasonably durable, work properly, and are much cheaper.Other problems with this device:-Like the real Galaxy SIII the screen is very fragile, only moreso because the glass is thinner. I cracked my screen by knocking it onto a wood floor and the drop was literally 2' I'd left the phone sitting on to of a small paper shredder.-Everything that Samsung finally did right with the real Galaxy SIII (good quality sound, relatively long battery life, generally good fit and finish, general lack of bugs in the OS, reliable bluetooth connectivity and tethering, ect) they cheaped out on with the mini. This was a direct throwback to the original quirky and unreliable Galaxy S and I mean that in a bad way.-The typical side mounted power/wake button used on so many android (and esp Samsung Android phones) was way oversensitive, as was the touchscreen. I've never seen a capcitive touchscreen that could be activated by so many random touches that did not come from my fingers. This caused constant random setting changes, ass-dialing and ass-texting worse than I experienced with some phones with push button controls, and some setting changes I never even figured out how to reverse.-GPS reception was also the worst of any android phone I've used (and this was my 6th) it was the first such phone that did not allow me to use the Runkeeper app to track the distance I run because it would constantly loose GPS reception in the park where I'd finish my runs.-Call quality on the receiving end was abysmal. My conversations were constantly interrupted because the person on the other end could not understand me.-Finally, after just 5 months, the phone quit charging. Even though I spent over $300 on this thing, and its still under warranty (I admit I'm typically really hard on phones, but I was very careful with this one), and it cost me well over $300, I'm honestly not sure whether I'm even going to bother to send this in. My 3 year old Samsung Infuse with the cracked screen is seriously looking like a better backup option.Ok, look with every phone some people are bound to get a lemon, so its not impossible you could order this phone and not have the same oversensitive side button/screen issue I had. But you will inevitably overpay for this thing, and its going to be way slower than the real SIII. Also I doubt the crappy sound quality, GPS reception, bluetooth, ect was luck of the draw. More often than not, Samsung has put out phones that in my experience did not have the same quality hardware as say Motorola (my previous real Galaxy SIII was an exception to this), they obviously cut corners left and right with regard to the specifications they advertise, so I strongly doubt the low quality I experienced with regard to the hardware components was simply bad luck with regard to quality control. Bottom line, the "full size" (ie real) Galaxy SIII is a very good phone apart from the fragile screen (I don't know anyone who owned on for more than 4 months without cracking the screen), and totally worth owning if you can stand the price (which is still high even though there's now an S4). The S III Mini on the other hand is a terrible phone, noticeably inferior in just about every way possible, and sold at a ridiculously high price considering what you get. Avoid it at all costs!