I upgraded phones (and carriers) from the venerable Nokia 6100, which I've had for three years.  My first impression was amazement at how light and tiny the phone was.  Folded up, it fits comfortably in my shirt pocket.My next impression was one of despair: I had over 150 numbers and there was no way download what I already had in Outlook and my Sony Clie running PalmOS into my phone.  (To be fair, this was the same with my Nokia 6100.)  Manually entering them is incredibly tedious.  The T9 mode would initially seem like the best way to go, but it goes on tangents for some of the stranger names.  The alpha method of entering has an annoying delay before you can toggle case.  There's a function for Camel Case, but it doesn't work at the beginning of a new entry.  The phone "crashed" itself once, but soon recovered.I do like the ability to organize multiple contacts under the same name.  Unfortunately, if you make a mistake in which bucket (cell, home, work, email), you can't edit it.Another strange feature is storing the phone numbers in the phone versus SIM.  There's no way to transfer them, and I'm unsure why you'd store any in the "phone" if the SIM still has slots left.Ring tones can be made quite loud.  The standard array of tones include the T-mobile jingle, some strange polyphonic tones, and a bunch of songs like the Chinese Tea Dance tune from the Nutcracker.  You can download additional songs for a buck each.  While it was initially funny to have my phone play "Stairway to Heaven" with each ring, the joke gets old quick.  One problem is it's easy to blend into the background, another is the song is longer than th eperiod before the incoming call rolls over into voice mail.  I'd prefer some more subtle tones and/or lighting that is less likely to bother the people I work with.The screen is 128x128, with 65k colors.  This is a vast improvement over my ancient Nokia.  However, it's really only useful for small bits of information.  Beyond that, it's cumbersome.  For example, all four java games are difficult to see, and chess is the only one that's close to playable, despite the board being set up incorrectly.  There are more games available for download for a fee.The WAP browser is very slow to connect and almost as slow navigating between links.  There's a shortcut for saving links, which is great because finding the "." in amazon.com required more keystrokes than it should.  Given the lack of screen space and the delay between pages, I'm not sure how useful I will find this feature.I haven't done that much with the organizer yet. As a standalone personal information manager, the screen's too small and the input is too tedious to be the primary tool.  On the other hand, assuming the synchronization works with the calendar.  The T-Zones service purports to give access to calendaring, though it has a lot of other stuff that I don't have a particular interest in.  (Horoscopes, anyone?)The phone's voice quality is good, though the profile is slightly small for my head.  Battery life is fine, too.Overall, the phone's okay, but bells and whistles need work.