Perfection at least for AT&T;, for my family member who is a geek/nerd on AT&T;, as of myself I am on Verizon and got even a slightly better - Moto DroidMaxx (increasingly known for its catastrophically excellent batttery (3500mAh/approx. 2880 minutes far beyond Samsungs' latest yet still dismal 900-1300 minutes [iPhone I consider a toy, not a biz. tool]), in a physical size standard of a regular Android with 5" screen, with most all specs equal or appealing - forget Samsung (and surely forget iPhone nonsense).  My mom was enticed into Samsung several years ago when it propelled Android over iOS, for which Samsung deserves a credit, but already in those years in 2010-2011 (?) we got "Moto Atrix" - Motorola's first blockbuster, since a decade earlier of their iconic Razr V3xx-series, now Motorola a subsidiary of Google Corporation, repeated that hit of V3xx, then Atrix, and now - Moto X on AT&T; or slightly better (esp. battery, display memory) DroidMaxx on Verizon, I am completely don't see a reason for a business prof. to suffer from a Samsung or iPhone.  Analyze specs = fact Motorola is a radioelectronics / semiconductors company by birth - other Smrtphones mayve flaky extraneous features you may never need, but Motorola as traditionally good with what phone is meant for in the first place:MAKING CALLS.  VOICE, RADIOS, I got 2 other units on a remote island in the Pacific which could not maintain a conversation, but Motorola could despite weak signal & noise!So,for me it's either "Moto X" on AT&T; or "Moto DroidMaxx" on Verizon, though Verizon also offers "Moto X" now, in fact "Moto X" is (unlike DroidMaxx overkill) offered by all wireless carrriers whereas "Droid Maxx" is exclusive to Verizon, basically Maxx's unique feature is its unique battery, bigger display, a few minor changes comparing to "Moto X", and Moto X is the first Motorola made under the roof of Google (a division of Google Mobility now).SPECIAL NOTEs: BEWARE!*) New generation, not just from Motorola, but other makers, are often without an SDcard slot, which from engineering standpoint is 100% justified, I won't waste space here explaining, X comes with 32GB internal memory with fast/zero lag performance and enough for 99% users, those who want to expand (and suffer with SDcard latency or dataloss), can plug SDcard via USB OTG cable, costs varies from 2 bucks for a cable on Amazon to $10-14 for a cable+SDreader, Google for details as I've little time to explain.**) To connect external displays, the few people who insist on it (trust me, 99% customers don't need, but if you do read below): this new device is using Miraast protocol to stream/mirror its screen to another big screen wirelessly via WiFi, other options include ChromeCast, same idea but different protocol, other methos include just hacking.  ALL Displays, TV's, etc. work with MiraCast, Chromecast, whatever even if old - new ones have it built in, old ones only need a cheap Miracast or similar dongle, some even take it via USB (avoid USB, though, totally not meant for video and its wide bandwidth, video over USB is like swimming in Tuxedo).So beware that new devices recently come without an SDcard slot beause their internal memory is huge enough for 99% customers and getting rid of insecure, unreliable "secure"Digital slots is correct in my opinion, but if you insist - use SDcards via OTG cable (connect to Moto X's USB port), though you *MAY* need to use a thrid-party software if MotoX, DroidMaxx, Samsungs, etc were updated to Android 4.4 or something, which is rumored to sometimes block USB MassStroage function which implies blocks use of OTG cable (?) but third-party utilities (or just a total root), get around it;And that HDMI port is replaced with wireless video streaming, which unlike SDcard change, I am not fan of (RF radiation is enough already, don't like more) but get used to it... don't compain, there's a reason for everything.