** Dear Amazon/TABLET DISTRIBUTORS, you sent me the wrong phone. This one does not have a US Warranty.**It cannot be overstated how good the camera is on this phone. I have had great fun playing with it and it worked so well that I was leaving my SLR at home more and more. But I have no choice but to return it.For the record, I am among the last die-hard Nokia/Symbian fans having used Nokias almost exclusively since the days of pre-Cingular AT&T; wireless and the Nokia 2160. I have so many retired Nokias (and chargers) it's pathetic. I (predictably) moved to the 808 from the brilliant Nokia N8 which I absolutely loved.So it is with a heavy heart that I send my 808 Pureview back to Amazon. Here is a short list of what has gone wrong:- Utterly unstable. Unlike with my N8, Spotify and SportsTracker cause the phone to restart constantly. I have not been able to record a single workout and I celebrate when I can listen to more than 20 minutes of music without a reboot. Google Maps for Symbian, though unsupported for years by Google, worked well on my N8 but crashes unpredictably on the 808. Nokia Maps, for me, is not a reliable substitute for Google Maps.- Loss of tethering: apparently, due to FCC rule changes, using JoikuSpot Premium (which cost me $10) to tether via adhoc WiFi is no longer possible on the 808. Infrastructure mode has never been supported by Symbian. So Bluetooth/USB tethering is the only option which is highly inconvenient and not an option on my tablet.- I have been suffering from the 3G drop-out issue, where, for no reason, the phone drops off AT&T;'s 3G network and I am unable to receive calls or texts. I thought Amazon temporarily pulled the phone until this was corrected so this is a big disappointment. This means I also have to find an adapter or get a new SIM to use a backup phone while waiting for a replacement which leads me to my biggest problem.- Despite "U.S. Warranty" in the description, what I received from Tablet Distributors is not a US phone. I entered the IMEI into Nokia's support page hoping for warranty replacement only to receive the error, "Out of Warranty in the U.S.A."So the phone is going back and I am writing this review, not sure what to do next. I still need a new phone. Do I risk getting another 808 (I love the camera that much) or finally abandon the Nokia ship and get a Nexus 4 and separate camera (Canon's S110 comes to mind)? I may update this when I make a decision.Hopefully this helps someone.Update - 3/10/2013I ordered another 808, this time directly from Amazon and for more money. The first thing I did on receiving it was to verify the warranty. I was relived to see that it had one, so I proceeded to re-install all my apps, setup my email, re-install Spotify and Maps, etc.. The same problems resurfaced almost immediately. Falling off the network, rebooting at random whether I was using it or not. I wear a Bluetooth headset throughout the day and I could hear the headset disconnect and reconnect while it was rebooting in my pocket. So I called Nokia and spoke to a service representative hoping for a little empathy and a quick replacement. At first I was told to RMA with the vendor. When I mentioned that I had already done that, I got barely restrained contempt as I was instructed to type in the address for Nokia support and fill in their form for a service request.Turnaround on the service request was quick though, 5 days instead or the 7-10 days I was promised. I got a different (rebuilt) replacement. It had a different IMEI number, MAC address, etc.. and, curiously, the MAC address seemed to be older (at least numerically earlier) than the one I sent.After leaving AT&T; with my fifth new SIM card in two months, the phone rebooted, without prompting, three times before I could leave the parking lot. I quietly hoped that it was just the new phone installing updates (though no firmware updates were needed, just bundled software). I set about installing updates, re-installing my apps, setting up my GMail account (which I now have to use via IMAP as Google has disabled Mail for Exchange support), re-syncing Spotify, setting up Maps. The phone is STILL as unreliable and unpredictable as ever. I spent nearly 12 hours before realizing I had no phone service and no data the following day, because this phone, my third 808, had dropped off the network. Then it frustrated me ever more later that same day, while driving, for 10 minutes straight while I had to pull over to wait for multiple reboots to get it to work long enough to use the map for directions. I have only had phone number three for two days as I write this.I am officially over it. I cannot in good conscience recommend this to anyone. It is now too late to return it to Amazon.Update - 4/2/2013Nokia Customer care has yet to accept my 2nd RMA request, I keep getting emails saying "We are experiencing some system difficulties in completing your repair request". It has been nearly two weeks. I just spoke with a Nokia customer care person who asked me for the IMEIs of phones number two and three, then told me my issue would be "escalated" and that I should expect a call in two to four days. Meanwhile, I have gone back to my Nokia N8 which, despite being very slow and having an old, weak battery, is still reliable.