On this night I am attempting to recover my video files that mysteriously disappeared from my phone.  I am about 6 hours into the task.  Transferring files has always been easy on past phones...  But this is Samsung.  And that has been the least of my problems, although I am not happy about it.  I lost some absolutely irreplaceable footage.I bought the best phone (so I thought) because I run a business, and I have to have reliability and the best quality for speaking to vendors and customers continuously throughout the day.  I also like to use the video and camera features - and yes I like to use a lot the phone has to offer.  But of course over the past several months I have found myself using it less and less, because the features do not work.First of all forget all the fu-fu bs apps this phone offers!  The wave your hand thing over the phone (ooooh sooo cool!) is the most ridiculous, worst waste of time.  If you don't disable it, it will drive you crazy because any shadow, false move, makes the phone do something you don't want.  It is a pain in the a*****!!!  Same is true for most of those "advanced" features.  I won't go through them.  I tried so many that I ended up disabling for similar reasons.Allow me to tell you about the MAJOR DISASTER this phone caused me...  I use Dropbox for my business so I can work on files in multiple locations.  I also sync my phone to it so I can access a file from my phone on some rare occasions.  I never had a problem with my HTC One.  It would sync the file names to the phone and then when I would try to access the file it would download the contents.  Meanwhile any photos or videos were automatically synced.  Perfect!  Well the geniuses at Samsung have their phones programed to do things a little differently.  Without getting into the details of how it all works... I'll just give you the summarized version.  Basically, Samsung syncs with Dropbox completely, so the phone started downloading all my office files in their entirety!  Plus they have their own cloud software that links to your dropbox files somehow without you knowing it (that's another story).  To make a long story short, the phone malfunctioned and deleted thousands of my business files ON ALL MY COMPUTERS!!!!!!  I watched the files being deleted.  Within minutes thousands were gone before I could shut the process down.  If you understand a little about Dropbox, you can understand how this can happen when you have a crappy device linked to it.  In my discussions with Dropbox they explained how the Samsung programming causes this to happen.  {So, I had to work with some moron (who seemed like some ditzy teenager) over at Dropbox to recover my business files.  That took a week to get straightened out.  My business was basically shut down for a week.  Dropbox is NOT a good file backup system by the way.  I had to learn the hard way.}  SO this GD phone cost me, I don't know, maybe ten thousand dollars in lost business?So, I don't sync Dropbox to my phone.  To sync files I have to use other means ALL WHICH SUCK!!!  The Kies software is a nightmare to use!  It doesn't work and you have to install and update this software and that just to get it working only to find out that other pieces of software (explorer & firefox for example) will only work if you use OLDER versions.  I mean holy S*****!!!  WT***?One more thing to note, this is my third Samsung Galaxy S4.  Yes I have had to replace it for malfunctions and problems that were unrepairable that I have not mentioned here.  I would demand a replacement for my current handset, but I am so sick of trading out files, recreating all of my settings, and dealing with all the hassels...  I am just going to get a different phone as soon as possible.  Probably something other than Android.  I just want something that works.In the meantime, I just use my Samsung phone basically for phone calls.