Oh, where to begin?First and foremost, this phone doesn't function very well as a phone. Signal strength on AT&T; is consistently 6-22dB less than an iPhone 4S, and that's when the phone hasn't lost track of the closest tower (rebooting the phone will often take it from 0-1 bars to 4-5, which means that it's also chewing through battery life by not connecting to the strongest tower). The earpiece doesn't get loud enough for some calls. The speaker isn't loud enough to hear notifications in the same room, much less from the next room. and it's nowhere near loud enough to use as a speakerphone, especially in the car. This is of course exacerbated by the fact that the speaker is placed on the back of the phone, so it gets further muffled when you set the phone down. Despite its low volumes, the speaker sounds tinny. Background noise cancellation is terrible. There's no ringer on/off switch, so no way to turn of the ringer without taking the phone out of your pocket and turning the screen on.The build quality is atrocious. There's a small gap between the glass and the bezel where bits of dirt get stuck. The bezel is raised above the screen on the left side (but is flush on the right) and is sharp. The power button is across from the volume rocker, instead of on top, so it's hard to hold the phone with one hand to be able to squeeze the power button without mashing the (very easily pressed) volume rocker, which leads to constant inadvertent changes in volume. The back cover is a huge pain to get attached properly. After a month, the micro-USB port is already getting loose, and sometimes won't charge without jiggling the cable (same result with multiple cables).At low brightness levels, predominantly white screens have a weird green cast, and a mottled appearance with brighter and darker patches across the screen. At all brightness levels all images are intensely oversaturated, with skin tones appearing Snooki orange. Despite the 1280x720 resolution, small text is much more legible on the smaller iPhone 4S screen (I don't know whether this is due to a better antialiasing algorithm on the iPhone or the inferior PenTile sub pixel layout on the Nexus, or both).Android 4.0 now puts crucial on-screen buttons in the top left and right corners of the screen, which means that anyone with average-size hands or below cannot use this phone with one hand, because it's simply impossible to reach the top opposite corner of the screen from a normal holding position.The camera is, simply, the worst phone camera I've seen in years.And Android 4.0, while a huge visual upgrade from prior versions of Android, is a buggy mess. Even built-in apps crash regularly (it's fun having Google Navigation -- which IMO is otherwise the best navigation system in the world, and one of the primary reasons to pick Android -- crash when you're approaching a turn), and several times the phone has, apropos of nothing, spontaneously rebooted itself. And despite the fact that Google re-engineered the system "back" button to be a soft-key, they didn't fix the totally unpredictable functionality. Instead, some apps now have an *additional* built-in "back" button at the upper left corner of the screen, iPhone-style. Aside from the aforementioned screen size issue, how did they think that would do anything other than confuse the user?I have not ever had a worse phone relative to its contemporaries. My HTC EVO 4G looked like a masterpiece of engineering compared to this.