The 5 stars rating is as much for the seller (Mega Mobile) as it is for the phone. The phone is a true RM-821 (international unlocked). It looks like it came from HK. Everything is in Chinese (even the documentation). Took me only a couple of minutes to remove the Chinese setting, and replace it with English, and another language. It seems that the phone supports just about any language, and it's really easy to change language setting. (for some language, it requires a download, but with wi-fi it's not an issue).What can I say, the phone is incredible, very responsive, has Nokia Drive, Office, a great camera,... ( the list is too long to write here).The phone is great. but trying to buy the phone was a very frustrating experience. Amazon has a page with one phone specification, and several sellers. Unfortunately some sellers try to sell you an AT&T; unlocked for an international version. I found that it's very important for reviewers to start the review with the seller, what was ordered, and what was received. This will tremendously help people who want to buy the international version.I had contact with 4 sellers:1. Hollywood Merchandise (fulfill by Amazon); sold me an AT&T; unlocked RM-820(it was advertised as international, factory unlocked). Returned the phone. Thank to Amazon, the process was painless got my money back right away.2. Mega Mobile; sold me this phone, and it is as advertised (international, factory unlocked, RM-821)In between I was in contact with:1. Tablets Distributors; As per their e-mail to me they sell AT&T; unlocked phones.2. Global Mobiles; As per their e-mail to me they sell international unlocked phones (RM-821) that come from Europe.Their answer came after I ordered from Mega Mobiles.I hope this helps, the potential buyers who like me want a Nokia Lumia 920 international factory unlocked, but are at a loss as to what seller to buy it from.Update 6/13/13: The phone seems to have the latest updates; OS 8.0.10211.204, firmware: 1232.5957.1308.0004.One thing I forgot to mention about the seller, is that since the plug that was inside the Nokia box was incompatible with the U.S plug outlets. he added a U.S. adapter plug inside the box he sent me (nice touch).Update 11/21/13: Several week ago I installed the Amber update. Made a Great phone even better. Can't wait for the next 2 updates which will be available in the next few months.I liked the phone so much that I bought a second one for a family member. This time I bought the phone from 'The wireless circle'. The phone was as advertised (international version RM-821), and came several days ahead of schedule. This time the phone was from Czechoslovakia. Not a problem as it took only a couple of seconds to change to English (I had already downloaded the English manual for the phone), and actually better for me as it came with an European plug (it also have an US adapter in the box).Update 1/16/14: I would like to clarify few things for potential buyers:1. There are no factory unlocked Lumia phones built for the U.S market.2. Due to the above, buying a factory unlocked Lumia phone in the U.S. is buying from a grey market.3. There is no warranty on those phones, and they are not sealed.4. These phones come from all over the world, and will be in the language of the intended market. Plus it will have some built-in apps (put there by Nokia) that target the local market the phone was intended for. That doesn't mean that the phone was used.5. Setting the phone to your desired language, downloading the user's guide in your desired language and removing the local apps is a matter of minutes.6. The plug will be a plug for the intended market, but there will always be a U.S. adapter in the box.  That might one the reason why the box is not sealed.I have bought 4 Lumias (2x 720 and 2x 920) from Amazon (received 6, returned 2 - one was defective, this other was AT&T; unlocked). They came from all over; Hong-Kong, Germany, Taiwan, and Czechoslovakia. I am very happy with my purchases, and will do it again.At $320 the Lumia 920 has great specs and is a great deal.  If you want to buy a Lumia phone, my advice is:1. Buy the phone fulfilled by Amazon. It might be a little more expensive, but if there is any problem Amazon is much easier to deal with (I received my refunded Money before they received the phone), than if you buy it fulfill by any other seller.2. Even if you buy the phone fulfilled by Amazon, contact the seller to make sure that the phone he sells is what is advertised on the web page.