I'm 62 and have never had a portable phone or pager in my life. I finally decided it was time to give in to the inevitable and got a Samsung S4 for Christmas. Most of the reviews here are by experienced power users who offer insight based upon their wealth of experience. I hesitated to add my greenhorn 2 cents, but then thought that it might be of use to the 6 or 7 people left in the world who haven't already owned and discarded dozens of cellphones.Observations of a Newbie:1) The Good.  - The camera is astonishingly good (This coming from a now retired, but former professional). It handles quick snapshots, low light, back light, mixed light, and fast-moving situations flawlessly. And the 13MP give a resolution that is almost unbelievable. I took a picture of a bunch of people at Christmas, then noticed something in the shirt pocket of one of them. I zoomed in using my fingers, then zoomed in further and further. It was like being in an episode of NCIS. I finally could read the writing on the brochure in the shirt pocket of the guy in the back row of the group photo. Fantastic. No need to ever take along a separate camera.  - The screen resolution is awesome. It's 1080p and it looks it. Clear, bright, saturated colors. No blurring or smearing or jittery motion. Videos taken with the built-in camera are brilliant. No need for a video camera either.  - It's fast! At home I use it over the house Wi-Fi system and it loads pages and scrolls through websites faster than the laptop and seemingly as fast as the mighty 6 processor desktop machine. Surfing with Flipboard or one of the portals is fast and fun.  - Voice Search is worth the cost of the phone by itself. If I had known about this I would have caved in years ago. I had, of course, watched the video of Siri vs Android and laughed about "Would you like me to show you a picture of a stallion?" The Google Search as implemented for Android works flawlessly. And quickly. "What was the score of the Bears game?" brings a response in less time than it would take me to even open a browser. "Where's the nearest Redbox?" brings a direct answer along with 8 or 9 alternatives, all with detailed directions and a link so that I could reserve a movie before heading out. Sometimes we just sit here thinking of crazy things to ask. "How do you say 'What would you charge to trim my palm tree?' in Spanish?" Bueno.2) The Bad.  - Battery life is lousy. Granted, we use it predominantly with Wi-Fi, but still: it seems like we're always charging it. I imagine power users wouldn't make it through a day on one charge.  - The quality of the sound is terrible. I mean really. Here you've got a 1080p HD screen and they want you to use Netflix and Hulu and what all to stream movies and the sound that comes out of the speaker hidden somewhere out of the way is thin and shrill and tinny and barely audible. The same songs that boom powerful and brilliant in the car or out of an MP3 player sound like they're being sung by Alvin and the Chipmunks or Mickey Mouse.3) The Ugly.  - The software that comes with the phone is a mess. There's tons of stuff from Samsung. Then Verizon added another ton or two of their stuff. Then they threw in a bunch of stuff they thought might be useful (or for which they were paid money to include - yes, I'm such a cynic!). When you first get the phone there are 4 pages of apps and 13 pages of widgets. And this is before you've even had a chance to download Candy Crush Saga. Even worse is that almost all of it refuses to be off-loaded onto the SD card. I understand that some programs are too important to risk being on the SD card, but Audible? IMDb? YouTube? Really? When you get a memory cleaner and take a look at what is running every time you turn on the phone it's enough to knock you flat. With time I'll delve into it and start shutting things down and removing them, but man, they sure do make things difficult.