So if you're reading this, it means you use Virgin Mobile, so you're my mind of person--savvy. Let's see if we can help each other out.Android 4.0.3--This is a cool operating system, in that it runs smoothly and looks sleek, but coming from 2.2.1, I have to say that though the transitions and features look cooler, you're not missing much. Moreover, you know how you used to be able to hit a button on your Android 2.x phone and settings/options would come up, no matter what app you were running? This doesn't exist anymore. You can still get to settings on most apps, but it's a lot less intuitive and I don't think app developers have fully caught up yet. Also, the phone doesn't come preloaded with Swype, you have to download it and it eats up a little RAM. That said, if you like your apps (and who doesn't?), you're going to have to come on board the Ice Cream truck because it won't be long before developers stop making them for older systems.HTC Sense--A few weeks ago, I bought an LG Optimus Slider on Virgin Mobile and couldn't take it anymore after less than a fortnight. Don't waste your time buying an LG. The Motorola Triumph competes in this price range, but I've never used it, and it's still on Android 2.2.5.0 Camera--You know how your friends with iPhones take pictures that make your phone's pictures look like children's sketches? The gap is smaller now, but not by a lot.Beats Audio--Ever the cynic, I have to admit that Beats Audio is an actual thing! It's not just slapped on the phone to piggy-back off a successful line. The phone's speaker produces good audio, the volume gets loud (much louder than my LG Optimus Slider) and it actually seems to make the quality of sound coming out of my headphones better. Two thumbs up, Dr. Dre!Battery Life--With JuiceDefender (if you don't have it, get it) enabled at the balanced profile, the phone lasts about one day, one night. Keep in mind that I don't game or use it very heavily.RAM--The RAM was actually sort of a let down. It's advertised as 500 MB, but seems to only use around 362 MB. For me the phone was lagging a bit until I decided to quit Talkatone when I wasn't using it. Now it runs fine. But if you plan on gaming a lot, you should probably (definitely!) get a different phone.Left-side note: Without afore-mentioned ultra-useful dedicated-settings key, there is no way for me to quit Talkatone without manually doing so through settings, a mild pain in the yash.Right-side note: Talkatone is a program that lets you call people through a free Google voice number for free WITHOUT eating up your 300 minutes/month. It does eat up some bandwidth, but you can always run it on WIFI and save your monthly 3G quota. You should get it.Also, the phone doesn't come with a memory card, which sort of seems like a reminder to us pre-paid phone users that we're somehow second-class citizens.Lastly, please use this Kickback code upon activation so you and I can get 60 free minutes: EC6O4VDG. Cheers!