I purchased this phone when signing another contract deal with Cingular. It was relatively cheap (about $60 with a 2-year contract). This was about three months ago. I've already gotten rid of the phone earlier last month.I could not make calls with this phone. Not that it wouldn't dial up numbers, but I could not make out anything being said by the person on the other line. Horrible reception indoors and out. I live in the Las Vegas area and always had a great signal but no matter how many bars were showing, my reception was still bad. Only once did I have a decent call. Cingular has great service and considering the area I live in... only shows this phone is a bad choice on reception.Other then that, there are a lot of neat things about the phone. It looks great, is very light-weight (was amazed at how light it was), has many minor but useful features, picture quality was decent and cool additions like digital borders and different shooting modes.The color screen was small for my taste but none-the-less very nice. Vivid colours. Text was easily readable. I could not customize the home screen as much as I would've liked. Included wallpapers were boring, even though animated at all times. Being able to change the display text colour can be cool but pretty much useless. Would've prefered to been able to change the skin colours. External screen is wonderful. Shows everything you need to see in the same vivid colours as the internal screen. External screen blacks out after a few seconds though. They should've made it, at least, show the time indefinitely.The numbers on the keypad are easy to use and easy to see. The navigation dial in the upper middle is a little difficult. Often times I ended up pressing numbers when trying to use the dial. Buttons on the sides of the camera are small, but easy to use and provide a little added help with shortcutting.Menus are easy to navigate, can customize the way it appears in three ways. Ringtones included are as boring as the wallpapers so plan on purchasing your own ringtones. Games included are all right but hard to play with a keypad.Samsung made it relitively easy to use this phone. Anyone young to old should not have a problem getting to understand it. I never had to pick up the manual except for the one time when trying to learn how to use the external screen as a camera viewfinder.As said before, camera has decent quality. The colours come out a little faded, but they look better then any previous phone I've had. You can choose many different colour modes (sepia, black and white, emboss, negative, etc.)... a selection of digital borders to add around your photos. Day and night shooting modes (not much difference between), vertical and horizontal shooting, shot series (which enables you to shoot multiple photos quickly in a row (did not like this feature because it made pictures very small). Multiple zoom and brightness/contrast features work well. The funnest camera I've experienced on a cell phone.My favourite feature was the service light (tiny light on the outside lid) that would flash continuously whenever I've received a call, message, or voicemail. If I was away from the phone for a period of time and it was silent, the service light would let me know I need to check it by flashing a lot. Would like to see this done on more phones.The casing of the phone will catch eyes. It size will too. Often people said the phone was very nice looking. I liked the added black touch on the front. Casing scratches easily, though. Will begin to look cheap over a short period of time. The battery IS the back cover, which I absolutely hated because if I lose a battery, I don't want to lose a back cover either. Stupid decision on Samsung in my opinion. They placed the headset jack on the top of the phone for easy usage. Phone closes very securely and does not bang up the phone or keypad while doing so.Sound quality is not great. Volume does not sound high on the highest setting. You'll have to make sure to be in a quiet place.I gave this phone a two star rating because of the reception problems (mainly) and volume. I couldn't make calls so I got rid of it. Not everyone has this problem obviously, but Samsung phones are known for their reception difficulties. So, please keep that in mind while purchasing this phone.It is a wonderful phone for early teens. Adults, business men and women, gadget lovers, stay away.