Hello, I was hesitant to buy this phone due to reading reviews which said it did not get 3g, SIM card did not work, etc.  I got this phone for about $60 in used condition from ReliableCellular (I thought the back cover would be blue..it is black.  However, they did include a USB cord and charger which the ad said would not be included!)  Shipping took a few days longer than desired (but not longer than approximated) but the device arrived in great condition...not 1 scratch on the screen (which can affect Swype typing/screen selections), only several small scratches on the back.  I am SO satisfied with this phone...I will certainly be keeping it!  However, I am sending back a phone which I got for slightly cheaper: Samsung Galaxy 5 Europa (i5500).  Aside from it only getting EDGE (which I knew before buying it) the screen response was very inaccurate (Swype as well as recognizing taps), it was SLOW to react (5+ seconds for basic homescreen selections...much much slower loading websites) whereas the U8150 Comet is usually brisk (1-3 seconds to open a homescreen item, about 10+ seconds to load a webpage.)  I saw a video review complaining about the lack of buttons on the side but I like that aspect.  Often times side buttons are activated while I have a phone in the "car mount" since the car mount arms squeeze the side of the phone (I navigate a LOT).  I have not had such a problem with this phone yet and the only concern would be volume, not camera also being activated, or the charging port being blocked (all were worries that I had with my often laggy MyTouch 4G Slide Dual core phone which I just sold.)  The video also made it seem like the middle d-pad would be difficult to use and it does look quite flush against the phone in pictures..but it is not.  It is raised enough for me to click up, down, and side to side with zero problems (I mainly use it for scrolling a screen or editing between tiny letters).  Oh and the screen on this phone is brighter than on the Samsung Galaxy 5!  I had them side by side at full brightness.  The colors were less faded/tinted on the U8150 Comet..more Neon-like and the homescreen icons - even though the screens are the same size - were slightly larger on the U8150.  I was worried that the slender vertical buttons would become painful to fingers but all buttons on this phone feel perfect: enough resistance to resist an accidental bumping into but enough give to prevent one from needing to press hard.  This has TONS more built-in widgets/shortcuts than the Samsung Galaxy 5 Europa.  For example...instead of merely a Settings shortcut, I can have a shortcut to Bluetooth within settings.  There is also a readily available music toggle widget which the Samsung did not have.This came with Android 2.2 as did the Samsung (which I think was "rooted" (and perhaps didnt have the official 2.2 since I saw "root-..." under the Samsung's version info) yet the U8150 came with 5 screens...the Samsung came with only 3 screens which I was able to bump up to 4 screens by tweaking a homescreen setting.The Samsung came with horizontal menu scrolling and I didnt see a way to change that.  The U8150 Comet has vertical scrolling - which I prefer.The battery life seems slightly better on this phone than on the Samsung but both were used phones/batteries so maybe the Samsung's was older...I dont know.  This phone is more obedient and predictable.  Even when I had the Samsung Galaxy 5 on SILENT, it would make a kind of loud vibrating/buzzing noise when I unlocked the screen (haptic feedback was off..everything such as that was turned OFF.)  Both the Samsung and the Huawei U8150 Comet did that but the Comet's sound is much lower.  You can get rid of that unlock vibration by making it unlock via Pattern (probably by code as well.)  I dont like a loud phone...so it annoyed me that even at the LOWEST volume settings, the Samsung was loud (yet voice volume was only "okay" when set to the loudest level...odd.  The U8150 Comet is louder on calls.)  The Comet has an actual LOW to semi-high ringing range.The negatives of the U8150 Comet?  Camera - very blurry/out of focus...even worse than I had anticipated and worse than the Samsung Galaxy 5 in the same lighting (which admittedly was dim)Screen seems a tiny bit fuzzier than on the Samsung Galazy 5 but the improved brightness, colors, and viewing size is more important to me.Android Market/Google Play - I have been prevented from downloading 1 or 2 things that the MyTouch 4g was able to download...but not big surprise there.  Just thought I should let you know though.  One of them was Yahoo Voice/Video calling.This lacks the handy "recently used applications" section in the upper notification bar area (which the Samsung Galaxy 5 also did not have but the MyTouch 4g did have) but holding the Home button gave a similar effect.This phone does not have a widget-like data control panel built into the notification area whereas the Samsung Galaxy 5 did.  But I think the homescreen widget is nearly as convenient.Overall, this U8150 Comet is a great substitute for my old MyTouch 4g.  Worse camera, but faster reaction times.  Slightly worse website loading speed, but about 1/3 the weight of the MyTouch 4G Slide.  Oh, and the Comet gave me no problems with my T-Mobile SIM, or syncing gmail, yahoo mail, etc.  Recption seems the same as the Samsung or MyTouch...nothing amazing or bad.  If you are curious about "hot swappability"...this one's SD card slot is not.  The Samsung's was hot swappable/change out without removing the battery.  The comet has about the easiest to open back cover ever...just slide it down firmly and I opens. :)Happy shopping to you.