Let me start of by saying, I am not new to the world of cell phones.  This will probably date me, but I hail from the days when my parents used the bricks you comically see displayed in youtube parody as cell phones.I've been moderate to low end when it comes to bells and whistles, mainly because I already have so many gadgets now ( zune, ipod and creative zen, 2 laptops a 8MP Canon camera and gaming console) that already serve their various purposes.  I have been with T-Mobile for about 6 out of the 10 years I've actively used my own cell phone.  I was out of contract, and needed a phone with 3 G (2100 band) to go to Japan.  Lo and behold, the holy light shines upon blackberry as I resume search. My sister, a seasoned blackberry user was jealous when I mentioned I had taken the plunge and bought this product.I am used to flip phone with bells and whistles or no frill phones.Holy cow, I do not want to ever give up this phone!I am used to bigger phones with awkward texting layouts and missed the QWERTY style keypad badly.  The keys are a bit tiny and if you as we say, 'fat finger' your computer keyboard I would advise to look for a phone with bigger buttons to keep you from throttling your blackberry when you can't type, "BrB".  But, that aside, This phone will be a major step up from anyone who uses their phone for the usual text message or phone call and maybe the occasional application.  If you are a world traveler in need of a phone that can roam international, I was steered towards the blackberry service as well by trusted business colleagues.I didn't have to set up POP3 Clients for my emails so that was quite a relief and the layout was a lot to maneuver, allows me the most pertinent applications first.I let my sister play with my phone after I bought it, and she was so amazed I wound up (no joke) buying her one with my provider that same night after explaining the terms and conditions and having the representative walk her through the process as well.  She actually tapped my hand when I tried to take my blackberry back from her!  She was completely amazed by the speed of the browsing and I was amazed with the clarity of picture on youtube in particular.I have my own wifi when I am at home, so I wasn't too thrilled that T-Mobile makes me purchase a $30 web package to qualify for a 2 year agreement with the product.  If I didn't already have internet and in my personal situation didn't split the bill and keep my plan for my sister's, it would actually be a useful plan, but I find it fairly excessive and advise if you are not in contract, just buy the phone outright from T-Mobile- you pay less in the long run and don't risk breach of contract if you try to drop the plan.Once more in summary, if you want a web surfing blackberry that has a spacious luxurious keyboard and are all about web access, you probably should keep it moving.  But, if you can compromise being able to look at a few pictures and the keyboard a little bit but want a solid phone that will last you and has a lot to offer, I would stop here!  I've gone through quite a few phones (at least 8 phones... I think) in my cell phone lifetime.  This Blackberry Bold 9700 by T-Mobile by far is the best that I have ever witnessed.  When I'd usually feel like "here goes nothing..." I finally get that feeling of "Yeah, I think I did it! I made a good decision this time" now that I have the Blackberry, my first time.  Feels good for a change!