I bought this phone a few weeks ago and was told by 2 retailers that I could use my existing ATT SIM card with this GoPhone, which was true.  But they didn't tell me that ATT would detect that I was using a smartphone and then add a data plan to my account.  That bothered me.  I went to the ATT store and they said that that's their policy.  Fine.  Of course they added me the $30/3GB of data, so I downgraded to the $20/300MB, since I plan to use Data sparingly.  Why give them an extra $10 per month?As the title of my review says, it is a good, basic smartphone running Android 2.3.  Compared to the more advanced smartphones, this one feels a bit slow, but acceptable in my opinion.  There is no camera flash so if you would like to use your phone for lots of picture taking, I'd highly recommend that you pay more for a better phone with flash feature.  The picture quality is slightly less than average.The battery life so far has been very good.  If I don't run WiFi or Data much, I can go almost 2 full days without re-charging.  I certaily can go 1 full day with higher than moderate use.  I am not a heavy user so I would imagine that heavy users would have to charge their phone before the day is up.WiFi connection is a bit flaky.  Whereas my HP Pavilion g4 laptop has excellent connect speed at home, this phone has 1 maybe 2 bars of signal strength.  At times it seems to lose the connection.  Thus if you are far from the WiFi router, you might have these issues as well.  But I didn't expect much in terms of WiFi signal reception, given that it's a small device (i.e. antennas are smaller than in a laptop).My biggest complaint has been that internal memory is essentially non-existent.  After I upgraded the built-in apps, there was NO MORE space for additional Apps!!  This is my first smartphone, so I am not app-dependent as most smartphone users, so this hasn't been a problem as much as just a limitation to try and learn different apps.  I did add a memory card, but it seems that apps need to use the smartphone's internal memory, and cannot be installed in the micro SD card, no matter what size it is.  Don't let sales people tell you otherwise.  Facebook App and other useful apps are already installed so you don't have to worry about those, at least.Bottom line, if you need internet access on the go and want to get a decent basic smartphone for that, for whatever reason, this is one phone you should consider.  But if you have been spoiled by the more capable smartphones, this one will probably disappoint you.UPDATE:  After having the phone for 29 days, I decided to return it for a refund.  The phone began to constantly give me the error of low memory.  I could not ever try to install an app from Google Android store.  Browsing the internet would cause crashes more and more frequently.  There are a few other bugs I would encounter which by themselves are just minor, but after you begin to dislike a product, they really become annoying.  I change my rating for this phone from 3 stars to 2 stars.  I do not recommend it!!