I bought the h6315 the day it came out on the market for the many benefits that the other reviewers mention. After 3 months of using the 6315, I want to share some of my experiences. First of all, the overall device gives you complete freedom for being out of the office. Here is how I'm using it:- If I'm close to, or know of, wifi networks, then I enable my wifi, otherwise I shut it as its annoying. Now, if the device discovers many, simply go to the wireless menu and connect to the network you want by holding the stylus and clicking connect. Otherwise I rely on GPRS which works great- There has been a patch upgrade for sending or replying to emails with attachments. I have also noticed that it improved my GPRS connectivity especially when I have a strong signal- For using it as a phone, forget holding it next to your ear. This device is made to be used with a Bluetooth headset. I have tried a couple, the Platronics M3000 works the best. It has many features and accessories for longer term wear that makes it so comfortable. I rarely have problems with Bluetooth connection. One point to mention, if I answer the phone call from the Bluetooth ear piece, works great. If you answer from the 6315, the voice is low!!!!- Another note on using the 6315 as a phone. When my battery dies on my Blutooth earpiece, or want to conserve battery life, I switch to stereo headset and use the mic on the 6315 to talk, it works very well. Especially when listening to music and you get a call, as the music is put on hold it starts ringing. The last way of using it as a phone was through the speaker on the back as speaker phone, it's good in quite places.- As for driving and using the device, get the Microsoft Voice Recognition software. It works great and makes the 6315 a true hand free voice activated device. I have configured my voice recorder button to activate the software. Great while driving- Battery life is good, extended battery doubles the battery life.- I keep forgetting about this and remember it when writing long emails, it comes with a detachable keyboard that you simply attach and viola, you can type much faster.- I'm getting the Bluetooth GPS and a car mount kit during Christmas. I will update my feedback after using them.- The case is great and you can store 2 SDs- The device can be unstable sometimes; a simple reset does the trick. I make sure that I do it every morning as I run backups every night- T-Mobile has been great. I switched from Sprint and not going back- International use, I have traveled to the Caribbean, and Eroupe, and this device have been amazing. From the minute the plan lands, and I enable GPRS, I'm back up and running with the entire features that I have back home.What I would like to see in the next edition:- More memory so that I can add some more applications- Integrated voice activated features so I won't have to buy the MS package- The ability to lock the screen when the 6315 in the case. Since it keeps waking up to download emails, it starts turning things on and off as the screen is very sensitive-  Longer battery life, it's never long enough