So, now that that's out of the way, it probably isn't better than the One, but why did it take the HTC One to make people realize HTC makes great phones? I broke a 64gb Ipod, and for about the same price, I got a phone (and all those capabilities) AND a 64 gb mp3 player with better battery life.But that's beside the point there are a few things that are very important:1) DesignGreat feel, in many ways I find the thin poly carbonate of the One X+ better than the iphone 5. It's got a grippy feel that is nice while still feeling solid. It's also very thin. The photos kind of make it looks like the sides bow upward, and curve, but I'd say it feels/looks very flat and smooth. I like the "infinity display" as well as the fact that the 3 touch sensitive buttons at the bottom don't take up the display and extend the whole way to the base. I hate on the One (and a LOT of other phones) that those buttons and other parts take up so much room at the bottom, decreasing screen maximization.2) PerformanceYeah, it's a tegra 3. So what? This is the same processor that put the nexus 7 on the map for being comparable to the ipad in performance for 1/2 the price (I know I keep relating to apple products, but let's be honest that unfortunately that is the yardstick that everything else is measured by, if only for it's ubiquity). With Jelly bean and a snappy processor and even sense 4, this thing is crazy smooth. Theoretically this phone is also supposed to get the Sense 5 update, which I assume will only make it better.3) BatteryI was concerned about this going in. 2100 Mah is not anything crazy. I honestly believe that this will be the big emphasis on the next generation of phones. We've got performance down that unless you're playing the most DEMANDING games (get a console/pc!) you're phone is way more than adequate. Battery life/storage/screen real estate will be the next battles. BUT, for now? This thing works GREAT. So, why in the world would you turn power saver off? It manages what you do and don't let through as far as in the hibernate/rest mode. Xperia Z just introduced this technology this year, and HTC has had it for a while. In any case, in real world, just like the speed/performance, this thing works very well. I don't have to worry much about charging at all.4) Looks/miscellaneousI know it's superficial, and you can say I'm scraping for another point, but when they came out with the black iphone 5, everyone called it like the B-2 bomber of cell phones. Those are gizmodo's exact words. How could this description not also apply to the X+? This is a thin, matte, beautiful phone, that includes a 4.7 inch screen (for those of you that still defend iphone 5's screen size or even 4s, get outta here! Is it even debatable that 3.5 inches is too small for a great smartphone these days?). Sense 4 does a pretty good job being close (ish) to stock android. Even if it's not perfect, sense 4 has some great widgets. I'd say like APW pro +. I really do think they're very nice.5) Anticipating complaintsI know this may have come off somewhat biased. I know the phone has it's weaknesses (sealed battery and capped storage for 2). As far as the sealed battery goes, I got mine used and it's still going strong. Replacing an HTC battery is still cheaper than an Iphone (though admittedly possibly not as easy). As far as the storage? I get 59 usable gb, which I think is VERY efficient. I was surprised to have so much space. I am a huge fan of locally stored music/videos and consider myself a data hog. The only thing I can say to this is really look at how much you have stored on that 64 gb SD card + 16 stock gb on the SIII. My guess is you'd get by with this storage and be better off with a better screen, nicer feel, and more premium skin for the OS.