I was looking for a smartphone with a small learning curve for my wife (an admitted technophobe) yet with powerful features for me. Windows Phone 7 seemed to be the right operating system, and since we are on Sprint, The HTC Arrive was the only choice available. After reading the mostly positive reviews online and checking into the OS updates (much has been improved since the original Windows Phone 7 was released) I got two of these as free upgrades. Setup was a breeze, but required some patience. The phones continued to detect and recommend updates to various apps as well as the OS itself for a couple of days. My wife (the technophobe) was able to set up her "people" hub to include all of her email addresses and social networking sites quickly and without help. The Windows version of the App store contains about 60,000 apps, which is more than enough to chose from, and navigation of the store and downloading apps are easy from the phone or a host computer. The phone comes pre-loaded with some useful free apps (including satnav) and is designed to work with Microsoft Office in all its iterations. Fans of the X-Box will find easy integration between that system, Windows Live, and Windows Phone. For managing files and media, the phone integrates with "Zune" (sort of a replacement for Media Center) which must be downloaded to a host computer. It works well enough, and it maintains separate accounts for each phone connected. It even gives the option to let someone log on as a guest, should a friend with a W7 phone need to do so. I had read that one could use MP3 files for ring tones and system sounds, however this is not as easy as it sounds. Files must be a specific size and length, and they don't automatically show up in your ring tones list. Fortunately a third party app called "easyRingtones and Music" makes the process simple. This was my first downloaded app. The phone's hardware seems solid and well designed, for the most part. The slide-out keyboard tilts so the phone may be placed on a flat surface, looking like a tiny laptop. The on-screen keyboard is logical and efficient, and a digital stylus is available for those who have difficulty with hitting the keys accurately. One design issue that I had trouble getting used to is the three navigation keys at the bottom of the phone's screen. They are, from left to right, a "back" button that takes you back one screen, a "home" button that returns you to main menu screen, and my nemesis, a search button that takes you a "Bing" web search screen. My nemesis because it's located in the lower right part of the screen, and I'm prone to touching it with my little finger when I'm holding the phone in my left hand. I can't count the number of times I've been doing something and suddenly "Bing" pops up. I believe this can be disabled and/or the sensitivity adjusted, but I haven't taken the time to work it out. Still, it's a minor annoyance and likely partially my fault due to the way I hold the phone. Call quality is excellent. It supports 3G but not 4G, however that's of little concern to us as there is no 4G service near us anyway. All in all, this is an great phone with a very usable operating system, and as a free upgrade you can't argue with the price. It's just the phone we needed.