I've been on ATT with an Iphone 3G and then Iphone 4 since 2007. I truthfully never used enough data or minutes to justify paying what I was through ATT. So now that there are a couple pay as you go or pre-paid options, I thought I would try to save a ton of money and give Android a go. I did originally order the iphone 4S through Virgin,  but I returned it and decided to holdout until the iphone 5 is available, which I'm sure will happen in the future. Until then I though I would tryout android and decided to go cheap but also found the HTC EVO ONE V to have great reviews.The HTC EVO ONE is a good android phone for the price and has many options of many higher priced smartphones. Coming from the IOS to Android they are many things I had to adjust to. Although, it hasn't taken me much time to figure out the ins and outs of android. There are some things that I'm still learning and perfecting as I go. This phone will need a MicroSD card if you plan on using any kind of storage. It only comes with .94gb of on board storage which is enough for a decent amount of apps but not for music, pictures, etc. I would recommend investing in a 32gb sdcard which you can find online for around $20. After its formatted it leaves with right around 30gbs of external storage.The integration of Google is a plus with this phone. I feel so updated with everything google, twitter, instagram that I almost never feel the need to get on my computer to check these things. I dont have facebook so I have no way of knowing how it plays with the HTC? The screen is close to if not the same size as the iphones, but it doesn't seem to be as responsive as the Iphones. I also had to locate a different keyboard through the play store. The one that comes with the HTC is almost maddening at times,.Especially if you have fat thumbs like myself.  The HTC feels good in the hand and since its such a cheap phone (price wise) I don't feel like I have to worry so much about if I drop it or break it. Since i could easily buy 4-7 of these before I would come up to the price of a Iphone 4S or 5. I have yet to put music on the phone because my library is currently on itunes and is huge. I have read there are many options such as the isyncr app, but I have yet to venture there.  Overall this is a great phone to try out android a go. It has many features of the big guys but it does lack some features some might find they can't live without. All and all you can save a lot of money with this phone in the long run and could easily use that saved money to buy a better phone in the future. I think this phone is smart but not brilliant. It gives you the freedom of Android and if you're a Apple fan who may be bored with IOS or just want to try something different this is a nice gateway. I also think many phone companies will start to offer unsubsidized phones in the future which may come with a cheaper plan, but that's yet to be seen. Not being stuck in a two year contract and being able to save a lot of money in the long run seem like a no brainer to me. Especially when you can do this on the same networks as T-Mobile with Virgin Mobile and Sprint with Cricket. Verizon and ATT may have the best network coverage all around but if you don't travel a lot many times the little guys will suffice in your area. All it takes is a little research to find out ?