I bought this phone the week it came out because my Motorola Droid X kept crashing and the sales staff at Verizon said there was nothing they could do with it.  They recommended the Samsung Galaxy S3 as a replacement that would be a huge boost to what I had been using.  I thought I'd try it.  Unfortunately, I took it back after 12 days for a refund.  Here's why:My needs for a phone (these may not be yours, and that's ok)along with how the Samsung stacks up:1. I'm a business traveler and need a phone that can be operated with one hand.  This phone misses.  It's just too big.  I bought a tablet to handle my larger screen needs.  I find that I couldn't reach the top left 25% of the screen when using with one hand.  This phone needs 2 hands.  I think it would appeal to women who just normally use 2 hands with a phone and have a purse to carry the phone in.  My belief is that a phone shouldn't be bigger than 4.2 inches diagonally.  If the iPhone was Android, I love that size.2. I need a good battery life (and a replaceable battery)  The battery life (even with Samsung 'profiles' turned on to help control battery life) did not get me through an entire day.  My Droid X could get me through 1.5 days.  The Samsung has the ability to replace the battery (like the Droid X) but they didn't have any wall chargers that I could take when I travel.  There is no point in having to put the backup battery into the phone to charge it. I'm sure someone will start making a wall charger.  I also found out that Motorola had included a Low Power Sleep mode on their phones but Samsung does not.  this was a great feature when in a situation to conserve battery and keep the phone from searching for a signal (traveling, hotels, etc...) Maybe someone will create a high capacity battery for it.3. I need good GPS  The GPS on this phone would suck the battery down at an unbelievable rate.  I would burn through 40% of the battery using GPS for a 20-30 minute drive.  The Motorola would be about 20%.  I even went for a 20 minute jog and used an app to track my run.  The GPS shouldn't work that much because I'm lucky to run at 7 miles per hour.  I still lost 25% of my battery.  Don't know if it's a combination of 4g and GPS that runs the battery down, but this was my biggest frustration.4. I need to answer email  The Samsung S3 does this well.  The keyboard was really responsive (far better than the motorola droix x).  Was still hard to type / text with one hand vs. 2.  I do like the 'trace' typing but most droid phones have that now.5. I do like social networking and social apps  Samsung's screen is amazing and really does make the apps 'pop'.  If the battery life was better this would be an app users go to phone.*Side note - I do love a phone that takes good pictures and Samsung S3 does this really well and fast.  Video was great too!  I was floored how good the pics/video was.  But like everything else on the phone, it requires a battery that lasts.My family went to the zoo for 4 hours with the little kids and the phone's battery ran out (even with the screen set to the dimmest setting).The salespersons suggestion when I brought the phone back was to buy an external battery pack and just plug that in.  Not sure I wanted to walk around with a battery pack dangling from my ear?