Which was basically a PDA that doubled as a cellphone so I wouldn't have to lug around two devices.Google Calendar, Contacts, and Tasks work perfectly with my work PC, school laptop, and even my Linux netbook.  Coupled with other cloud-based apps like Dropbox (I'll eventually switch to Google Drive since it offers 5 times the storage and is also free) and Evernote, all of my organizing needs are pretty much squared away.Sure, the other apps and features are nice too: Jet Audio for beautiful music playback, VLC player for video, Chrome for web surfing, Flixster, Google Maps, News and Weather feeds, Calculator, Stopwatch/Timer, Voice Recorder, Camera, Skype, etc.  But 70% of my non-phone usage with this device is still mainly work/organizing related.  Don't really have the time or desire to go comb through the thousands of available apps out there, so I think that 16GB of storage this device comes with will be more than sufficient.I was not happy with the battery life, until I downloaded the free Easy Battery Saver, which has at least doubled my battery life...it does so by disconnecting the internet whenever in Sleep Mode, so you have to tolerate a 5-10 second reconnect time every time you wake it up.  Now I am averaging about 36 hours between charges with moderate use.  I still wish it could go for 3-4 days on a single charge like my 3 year old Samsung Star phone could, but of course that's apples and oranges.  Still, this battery limitation does contribute to my reluctance to frequently use this device as a music/video player, GPS, etc.  So although it is CAPABLE of being an all-in-one multipurpose device in theory and specs, the battery does discourage that in reality.  This is pretty much a given in all smartphones these days though, with the possible exception of the iPhone but I refuse to pay almost twice as much to join Apple's evil closed ecosystem.However, I am happy to say that this phone doesn't have much of the annoying system lag of my ancient Samsung Star phone---it happens maybe 5-10% of the time, tops unlike with the Star it was more like 50/50 if the darn screen would register a tap or swipe the first time.  So I guess the dual-core processor is no joke.  When I first got it, I sort of went overboard with deleting or uninstalling all the apps that I didn't see myself ever using, including the Google ones...I ignored the pop-up windows warning of possible system malfunction, and whaddaya know, after half a day the darn thing froze up on me and I had to do a manual reset.  Miraculously, my online Google account saved about 75% of my settings, so when I restarted the device from default I didn't have to reinstall everything.  Now I have to admit that I am much, much more cautious/tolerant of the built-in Google apps I don't use...I've left them alone and haven't had a single hiccup since.I noticed that the battery cover is a bit flimsy right off the bat, it was one of the driving factors that led me to spend twenty three bucks for an Otterbox Defender case with rigid screen protector...worth every penny!  Now am super confident that this baby will survive ANY kind of mishap or abuse I put it through.4 stars, due to so-so battery life and Google bloatware apps that apparently cannot be disabled or removed without ill consequences...if it were about a hundred dollars less I'd happily give 5 stars.  (Got mine from Google direct, about three eighty with tax and shipping.)