I've only had this phone for a few days now, but so far, so good.  I went online and got the pdf manual and am thankful that it is still available.  Do yourself a favor and look it over if you're thinking of getting this phone.  Lots of great features.  It takes a few minutes to learn how to use them all, but it's worth your time. I have downloaded this manual to my laptop for easy off-line reference.There are also numerous tutorials on this phone, which I've also found helpful in a pinch.There are shortcuts to most of the features - again, you have to learn how to use the phone to its optimum level.  Don't get discouraged because you're not familiar with how it works.  Take your time and follow the manual and the tutorials.The voice recognition is great - as is the speaker phone.  Bluetooth works well.Sound is good - texting is a breeze.I've disabled the browser, but be careful.  Even though you've disabled all the java, etc. necessary, if you accidently hit the browser button, it will STILL take off time from your minutes.  I've done this by accident a few times in trying to do something else, but realized it right away, so only got .30 deducted.  But do keep this in mind.The key lock works very well and it's easy to unlock as well.  My other phone would random dial and this doesn't do that at all. All kinds of customization features are available.I've used the Calendar, notepad and task list and it's nice to have these features handy in the phone - keeps me from having to take my tablet with me when a small screen will do.Having a camera on hand is nice.  I was with a friend who wished she had brought her camera and her phone camera isn't very good.  I whipped this out and was able to take a few photos in the moment.  Very nice.I appreciate all the reviews here on Amazon.  I checked here first and picked this phone over the 390G for many reasons.  I like the slide-out keyboard.  I don't want to read email or surf the web on a tiny screen (really - you do that?) or watch videos on a tiny screen.Also, a previous reviewer stated that tracfone minute cards are good for 90 days. NOT TRUE. They are only good for 60 days.  Income AND outgoing texts cost .30 - basically 3 texts per minute.  This is still very reasonable.I had no trouble setting it up and getting my phone number transferred from my 11 year old Nokia 1100 to this phone.  I called the Customer Service folks and told them I would wait while everything got done.  If you do that, it takes mere moments for your phone to be ported and activated.  They didn't want to give me all my minutes from my very old phone (sneaky), and when I told them that was unfair, the CS rep agreed and gave me all my minutes back plus 20 minutes.  Be nice and professional with them and you will have no problem.  I have always been pleasant and patient and have always gotten great service from them.Edited to add:  I just received an email saying the service minutes are good for 90 days, but the Customer Service Rep told me they were only good for 60 days.  So that's where my above comment came from - right from the company.  I specifically asked and she specifically said "60 days."  Time will tell.