NOTE: I did NOT purchase this phone on Amazon, but it's such a good product that I wanted to give my input for potential buyers.I may be partial to BlackBerry phones because my previous smartphones have all been BlackBerrys but this phone is ahead of the curve. (That was sort of a BB pun...) This is the BBZ10 STL100-3, with 4G ready and the QualComm Snapdragon S4 Plus dual-core 1.5Ghz Processor.Battery life:If I *had* to complain this is where I would do it. The battery life is not legendary. It's about what you would expect from a smartphone. I charge it everyday and it works the whole day but don't expect much more than that. In this day and age where every smartphone has multi-core processors, 5 different radios, push email etc. I think a whole day's worth of battery life is what you can expect. If you're answering emails all day or gaming or surfing the web, battery life will suffer but you can always buy an extended pack, one of the accessories BlackBerry sells.Call quality:Call quality is fantastic. The new 10.2 software upgrade comes with natural sound technology. And I have to say that it sounds superb. Voices are full and rich. This phone has also never dropped a call in the 6 months I've had it. (The iPhone has dropped at least 3.) Video call quality is also good. With crisp voices and decent video quality.Experience:The swipe interface is amazing. Whoever said that it has a "steep learning curve" is obviously a moron. There's only three gestures that you ever have to use and if you can't handle that then maybe a touchscreen phone isn't for you anyway. Programs are fast and responsive and it's NEVER frozen. I have also never rebooted the phone because its gotten slow or lagged. I've never used the Mini-HDMI output so I have nothing to say there.Email:As the original push-service email device, the BlackBerry still holds ground as the best workhorse phone for email. My BlackBerry gets email faster than my computer EVERY TIME. With Priority Hub on the new 10.2 OS, the phone also learns which contacts and conversations are important (read: not ads) and pushes them up to the top of the Hub so you get your important emails quickly.Storage:You can use the device as a NAS through an encrypted WiFi connection. This is STANDARD and integrated on the BBZ10 platform. It seemlessly integrates with several cloud based services too including Box, DropBox and Skydrive. It also accepts a 64Gb Micro-SDXC card so its tough to run out of space too.Build quality:The phone is well built, feels hefty and substantial but isn't heavy and is EXTREMELY thin (.36 inches to be exact).Display:The display is clear and beautiful and with a 356 ppi resolution, it's sharper than the iPhone 5 and iPhone 5S. It's also 4.2 inches diagonal where the iPhone is only 4 inches. But I mean...some people say size doesn't matter.Overall:This is really a fantastic phone. I've run phones with Android and tested iPhones (dark days) before and I think that the BlackBerry really gets down to what you use a phone for. Messaging, taking and placing phone calls, updating social networks, email and browsing the web while your girlfriend is shopping for clothes. It's not app-hungry, which could be a downside to some users. But for the most part it does the job, does it well, is fast, responsive, looks and feels like it means business, keeps you connected and lasts all day, take a look at the BlackBerry Z10. But be warned, you might never go back to another brand.