This is my first foray into pre-paid telephone plans in the US. After using my mobile phone as my only phone for the past few years, I found that my new house has absolutely no signal coverage. So it was time to abandon the monthly plan for something less expensive and Virgin Mobile seemed to have the best deals available in my area. I grabbed a Flare and a $90 topup card and was ready to go.On-line activation was a snap (and offers some bonuses that aren't available if you call the service center to activate) and my phone was on the network within 2 hours of activation. The $90 topup card provided a year's worth of service (meaning I'll never have to top up again in the next 12 months to keep my phone active) as well as approximately 1500 minutes when all bonuses were applied.  All things considered, it wasn't a bad deal--I was paying more than $40 a month for 300 anytime minutes and free nights and weekends on my old phone. (Virgin does offer a similar plan with daily and monthly fees if you want to go that way--I didn't since my usage pattern is definitely going to change now.)As for the phone itself, well, it makes phone calls.  I don't download much stuff on my phone--the occasional ringtone and wallpaper--and I don't surf or text much either (even when I had unlimited surfing and texting) so my chief concern is how well a phone works as a phone and how easy it is to get my phone directory into it. I have to say I was very pleased on both counts.  Calls sound fine and signal strength is good.  The volume is easy to adjust and the phone is quite loud when turned all the way up (I hate phones that are too quiet).My only quibble is with the keypad.  The keys are rectangular, but the buttons under them are round, which creates deadspots on the keys, so as I type I have to feel for the little bump to make sure my button press will register. (I have large fingers and use the edge of the tip of my thumb ... the keypad might work well for smaller hands.) However, the bright screen and color contrast make it very easy to read what I'm typing, which in my book overcomes the weaknesses in the keypad.This isn't the best mobile phone I've ever owned, but it's a sub-$30 phone and to compare it to a phone costing 10X as much would be unfair. On a per-dollar basis, I am very pleased with the LG Flare.Pros--Inexpensive to buy (and replace, if necessary)External LCD screenScreens are bright and easy-to-readOne-touch account balance, call log, messaging, set up, and vibrate/silent modeVoice-activated dialing and volume control on outer edgeBluetooth compatibleVirgin Mobile plans allow a meager $60 upfront topup to activate for an entire year (the $90 card I purchased is not necessary)Customizable ringtones can be set for each person in directoryMultiple phone numbers per person in directoryIntuitive menu systemCons--Cheap feel to housing and keypadNot much variety in pre-loaded ringtonesMediocre stand-by battery life