I bought this Palm Pixi Plus to replace a failing Palm Pre Plus. My biggest complaint about the Pre Plus was its keyboard, it was hard to use, and keys often failed.  It was my third Pre, and I still have time on my contract, so even though I want to switch to an Android based phone, I chose to go with this because the price (where as an Android phone would be much more expensive).Positives:So far, my experience with the Palm Pixi Plus has been much better than the Palm Pre Plus.  The hardware seems to be built a little better (no sliding moving parts), the keyboard is much easier to use and is responsive (however, my "R" key needs to be pushed a little harder than the others to respond.  Even though it "clicks", it won't type until you press just a little bit more.  Still MUCH better than my Pre.)  I like the size of the Pixi better than the Pre as I'm not a fan of having a huge smart phone.I only really use the device to receive e-mail, check social networking sites, and look up information on the go.  I do not play games on it, and would not recommend it to those looking for a smartphone to play games.  Music sounds fine, as do calls.  Mobile hotspot is a nice feature and works well (it even passes on GPS information to my iPod Touch)The GPS is a little frustrating to use due to Verizon's ability to lock out parts of a device you own, until you buy the monthly subscription fee.  (Although, if you open the VZNav App, and don't click anything, then open a GPS enabled App, it'll work fine.)I love Synergy, importing contacts from your e-mail, social networking sites, syncing your calendars, etc.  Notifications don't get in the way and are easy to manage.  Gestures work REALLY well, once you get the hang of it.You have more customization available to you than an iOS device, wallpapers, ringtones, notification tones, etc.Negatives:Coming from a Palm Pre Plus, I have to say that this is a slower device.  Apps take longer to load, and transitions don't seem as fluid.  It has a smaller screen than the Pre, but still readable.  Being that it's a Palm device, your choice of Apps is very limited (in comparison to the iOS App Store, or Android Market), so if you are looking for something with a large number of cool apps, look elsewhere.  It has the basics, but outside of that its nothing too special.  On top of it all, most apps are written for the Pre and are not compatible with the Pixi.  So, some of the better apps out there won't even work with this device.The camera is something to be desired.  I wouldn't ever buy this device for taking photos, but nice to have for random shots.There is no voice command for the phone.  Hands free is not possible with this device because this feature is missing.  Be careful out there!The charging door is a real pain to use, with the door constantly flipping back because of the strong magnetic pull.  A touchstone back really should have been included in this device.For those using Google Voice, your options are pretty limited in comparison to other platforms.You are limited to webOS 1.4.5.  HP said they will not support the current Pre's and Pixi's.  Real bummer since they did tell us we would be getting webOS 2.0.I've had lots of trouble with my Palm Pre Plus in the past due to hardware issues.  My hope is that this device lasts.  However, these Palm device are KNOWN for having hardware build quality issues.  Be warned!WARNING:Verizon REQUIRES you to have a smartphone plan if you use this device, meaning your plan could increase by 30 dollars a month, even if you won't be using the data on 3G (and using purely WiFi).  I don't agree with this mentality at all.  Also, this is NOT a world class phone, and will only work on USA CDMA networks.Tips:Install Preware to get some more functionality off the device.  I would also classify this between a true smartphone, and a feature phone.  It works well for what it can do, but don't expect anything beyond that.  It's a communication tool that can also play music, videos, check appointments, and surf the internet.  Don't ask it to do too much else, and you will be happy.