A User Review on the Nokia Lumia 928.Got my Nokia 928 a few days ago. First, overall the phone isGREAT and I would recommend it to anyone. IMO it is the Best Windows Phone to date. I will also say that in comparison to the other Operating System's; Android and iOS, Windows Phone 8 OS is better and faster in my opinion. Of course that is Subjective. Everyone has his or her preference as to the features, apps, size, style, color and specs of a phone that work for them and that's just fine. My sister likes the iphone 5 and it works just fine for here. My youngerbrother likes Android ICS and it works fine for him. The point is, I nor anyoneelse has to convince each person that they should buy a particular Phone. Having said that this is just a review for anyone not sure of Windows Phone 8.The Pros and the Cons.Pros:1. The Operating System: The Windows Phone 8 OS issmooth fast and responsive. It runs faster on a lower processor than a newer Android's faster quad processor. The point is, it doesn't have to have 4 or moreprocessors to run smoother and faster. Though I have not had it longer the 8days as of this review I nor the persons I know who have a WP8, have notexperienced the lags, bugs and many reboots I have had with Android Phones and Tablets. I didn't like the Windows Tiles when I first heard or seen them in pictures, but expect for the plain colors (you eventually get use to them) they work great. The Live Tiles update you on all the info you need on one screen without having to click on a bunch of different apps Mail, Facebook, Weather, Agenda, Calender, Messaging are all updated right on the front screen. You can customize the look, size, color of your Tiles and change them with ease.2. The Camera: This has to be one of the best cameras on a Phone. You will not be disappoint on the pictures it takes in daylight or low light. Nokia is hyping up this Camera and I have to agree. The Camera alone is a good reason to get this phone.3.  Call Quality is good: Both calling and receiving. The speaker on it is loud and clear.4. The Display is great with the AMOLED Display. It makes the screen sharp and clear and great even it sunlight. The Size at 4.5 inches is also a nice size, not too big and not too small.5. Xenon Flash: Brighter and better Flash as found on some standalone cameras.6. HD 1080p recording with great noise canceling mics. Also has front Facing 1.2MP camera.7. 32 GB internal storage8. 4G Network: I haven't had the chance to fully test it yet, but my pages load super-fast and my downloads are fast as well.9. Battery: Battery usage for a smartphone is Good. It also has wireless charging.10.  APPS: There is a lot of criticism with this OSand lack of apps. This area is where people have to put things in the rightprospective. Yes iOS and Android has more Apps than WP8. I have to laugh alittle when this argument is brought up. First who downloads that many apps?Second putting thing in the right prospective, iOS and Android is 5years old. Developers have had plenty of time to make apps. Windows Phone is going on 3years old with Window Phone 8 being only 6 months old with over 145,000 to date. Most of the top apps or equivalent is available right now on the WP store, with more being added as the months go buy. The point is, it took both Android and Apple years to get to the app count they have now. Besides most of the apps on those system or useless apps that don't say on a phone for long yet alone even make it to ones phone. Again my point is most of the main or equivalent apps that people use are either on the store or in development. If Windows Phone 8 sells great(and I think it will) more apps will come faster. Anyway Nokia has a set of apps that make this phone stand out itself, Nokia Music, Nokia City Lens: Nokia Maps, Nokia Drive. There are plenty of other apps that make this a great pick.Cons:1. No External Storage. I think Nokia made a mistake here. Even though it has an internal 32 gig storage( 23G usable) they should have made room for external storage. I like having my music, videos and some data on a storage card so I am not tied to a computer or downloading data on a cell or wifi. I almost didn't get the phone because if this.2. No removable battery. I am a heavy user, both personal and work. I like having a couple of charged batteries to throw in when I just can't charge.3. Lack of Apps? I put this here because in comparison to the other two OS's, WP8 does have less apps, however I think I make a good point above as to why this is not a good reason to not buy this Phone.4. No FM Radio: other Nokia Phones have the radio turned on. Though I heard that it can be turned on in a firmware update.5. No Etiquette: My own personal preference; a feature that mutes the phone when you face it down.6. Wish it had a stylus for notes: My own personal preference7. No Swype Keyboard: My own personal preference8. Unless I am wrong, No Video output to TV.Ok so for what it is worth, this is just an opinion for a user and not a article writer,and Yes I have had both Android and Iphone.