This is the first smart phone in our household and it we are quite impressed with it. We have Consumer Cellular phone service with no contract and extremely low rates. All I had to do was remove my SIM and memory card from the old phone, install them in my new U8800, charge it and after a few minutes of setup time we were in business. We don't have 3G or 4G available in the rural setting where we live, but it connected to the internet through my wireless router and I was browsing in no time. The HSPA+ phone service worked flawlessly and we even had a much stronger signal connection than our previous Nokia 3C phones had.I ordered two of them but had to use different sellers due to limited quantity. Still waiting on the second one. But we got two of these babies for less than the cost of one iPhone. And my wife is already used to Android due to using a tablet with that OS so the learning curve is nil.Highly recommended!!!UPDATE - After some research I found out that a new tower built last summer a mile from our house does provide 3G & 4G. So I dug deeper online and found out how to enable 4G service on this phone. Had to add two new APN setups on the phone using the following settings:WebName: Consumer Cellular (I believe this field actually can be whatever)APN: att.mvnoProxy: proxy.mvno.ccmobileweb.comPort: 80Username: (not set)Password: (not set)Server: (not set)MMSC: (not set)MMS Proxy: proxy.mvno.ccmobileweb.comMMS port: 80MCC: 310MNC: 410Authentication type: PAPAPN type: default, supl, mms (I'm not positive you need mms here, but it works so I'm not changing it)APN protocol: IPv4MMSName: Comsumer Cellular MMS (Again, probably can be anything)APN: att.mvnoProxy: proxy.mvno.ccmobileweb.comPort: 80Username: (not set)Password: (not set)Server: (not set)MMSC: [...]MMS proxy: proxy.mvno.ccmobileweb.comMMS port: 80MCC: 310MNC: 410Authentication type: PAPAPN type: mmsAPN protocol: IPv4These settings were provided by Consumer Cellular to another customer who kindly posted them on an Android forum.After entering these parameters I cycled the power, enabled the data and it connected immediately. I was amazed at how much faster it is than through the wireless internet service we have. In a week it has used up about 19 Mb of the 100 Mb we have on our monthly plan. But that includes several games that I downloaded for my wife to play while she is on lunch break. I will have to monitor it closely.Needless to say I am even more impressed than I was previously. You cannot beat Consumer Cellular for low price, high quality service!UPDATE 2 - 1/13/2014 - Well, after a year of usage I still think this is an excellent phone for the price, with the following caveats. If you are going to root it and install custom ROMs then the support from Huawei is non existent and any users' support is dated and scattered at best. The community of users is not the most friendly to newcomers. All of that said I have purchased an additional one for a bargain price and am still satisfied with it overall. I customized it, removed the bloatware and could not be more content.I have since upgraded my wife as to a Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini because she needs more horsepower than this phone gives.If you only need a phone for call, texting and some BASIC app usage then this one will work for you. Be sure to buy an unlocked version and root it so you can remove the crapware that comes preinstalled.