The Pantech Breakout is my first smart phone.  So, I don't have much in the way of comparison.First, my carrier is Verizon.  I cannot comment on how this product would perform with other service carriers.  Nevertheless, here are my impressions after using the device for about three months now:1. Call Quality -- It is great.  No problems whether using an bluetooth earpiece or not.2. 4G LTE -- Downloads and uploads are very, very fast.3. Size  --  Not sure, but it has a 4-in screen.  The length of the phone is about as large as I can comfortably carry on my belt.4. Screen --  To my eyes, the quality more than meets my needs.  Text is clearly defined and readable.  Colors look awesome.  Moving graphics look great.  Although I know that there are screens with greater pixel density, I am not going to be using my phone to watch movies or play games.  And even if I did, I would believe that the tiny 4-inch screen display would clearly render the tiny movie and game images.5. Construction -- I am a bit clumsy and have dropped the phone a number of times.  Other than some scratches on the case, the screen did not break.  This seems to be a well-made and durable phone.6. Camera -- I am an amateur photographer with a good SLR Canon with a high quality lens.  When I want shots for a family album or to share with friends, this is what I typically use.  However, having a small built in camera on my phone is pretty cool.  And the Pantech camera has a 5 mg photo sensor.  Would I get rid of this phone to get a camera with an 8 mg sensor?  Nope.  In the world of photography, 8 mgs or 5 mg sensors are BOTH now hopelessly out of date.With that being said, the 5 mgs on the Pantech is great for that spur of the moment shot that I can instagram to my friends.  If I have a picture I want to print, I can still upload it to my computer, do some digital adjustments to the color or whatever, and then upload to some site for printing.  And a 5 mg shot will still allow me to easily enlarge to sizes at least 8 in x 10 in.  My recommendation:  Don't get fooled that you have to have 8 mgs or you pictures will be awful.  At one time not long ago, a digital camera with a 5 mg sensor was the absolute "state of the art".  For what we are using them for, the 5 mg cell phone cameras are, in my opinion, plenty adequate.7. Operating System. This is Android, as you know.  I have always had Windows computers, so I am used to the occasional bug in the system or the need to reboot.  At least to me, using Android on a phone is similar to using Windows on my computer.8. Battery life -- If you get this phone, "splurge" for an extended battery.  It still won't be as good as some of the newer phones are reported to be, but it is, at least for me, livable.  It is the primary reason why I did not give the phone five stars.9.  Memory  --  In my opinion, I wish the phone had more internal memory.  However, it can expand up to 32 mgs with a micro SD card which I have done.10.  CPU  --  I don't know the specs on the Pantech's internal computer chip.  For me, it was 'I don't care'.  I don't need a PHONE with a CPU powerful enough to run my business. Whatever CPU it does have is fast.  Very fast.  And with 4g, it downloads and uploads quickly.  However, I am not a gamer.  Thus, there might be situations where playing a game on a tiny, tiny 4 or 5 inch screen, instead of on your computer monitor or your TV screens of 40in or 50 in., might require a slightly faster or more sophisticated chip set.My final recommendation: The Pantech Breakout is a great purchase if you want to make receive calls with good voice quality; if you like 4g; if a 4-inch screen that has good color rendition and smooth graphics (keep in mind I am not a gamer), and if the ability to take 5 mg pictures (which look fine when uploaded to the internet) works for you.