This is a fantastic phone!  It is very capable, easy to use, and stylish.  Here's why.Lumia 920's screen with its brilliant colors is simply gorgeous.  Clear Black technology uses dual polarizes to reduce reflections and increase contrast.  This makes the screen very easy to see outdoors, with no glare.  When indoors, it just makes the contrast that much better, resulting in a more vivid picture.  Display brightness is adjusted automatically for the bright-light and low-light conditions (but you can change display settings manually, too).  In this model, Nokia went with an IPS screen, which has excellent viewing angles.  This comes in very handy when you want to show photos on your phone to a group of people, or if you are taking a photo and need to move the phone high above your head or very low.  The screen works together with the body to make this a stylish, eye-catching phone.This phone is very well built with its polycarbonate body and scratch-resistant Gorilla Glass screen.  Buttons are ceramic, not plastic.  The back of the phone is curved, making it nice to hold.  The Gorilla Glass screen is also slightly curved, rather than flat.  This makes the finger slide more easily on the screen.  All in all, Lumia 920 feels very solid and gives off an impression of a high-end device.A unique feature among modern smartphones is the Super Sensitive Touch Display.  This technology allows you to use the touchscreen while wearing gloves.  No doubt, a great thing not just in Finland, but any place that has winter.The Windows Phone OS is new and refreshing in the sea of Apple and iOS phones.  The live tiles bring real-time data right to the main screen without having to start an app.  Live tiles are visually very appealing and can be resized and arranged on the screen to your liking.  I find this a far better interface than icons on the other OSs.  I can access anything I need with one or two taps.  I also like how all my data feeds are integrated into the people hub.  I can jump from a friend's text message to the emails I exchanged with them, to their recent facebook updates; their phone numbers and address are right there, too, so that I can quickly call them or even get driving directions.  Everything is integrated so seamlessly.  Compare this to other OSs, in which each of these actions would require you to start a separate app and navigate within the app.The 8.7 MP, PureView camera is made for taking high quality pictures.  Lumia 920 uses Carl Zeiss Tessar optics and has real optical picture stabilization (which works better than digital picture stabilization).  The low-light performance is phenomenal.  There is a dedicated hardware camera button.  Pressing the camera button brings you directly to the camera app.  Even from the lock screen!  You can half-press the button to autofocus, then press it fully to take a shot, just like with a regular digital camera.  Or you can tap on the screen, causing the phone to auto-focus on the object you tapped and immediately take the picture.  Fully automatic mode works great, but the phone also offers the full complement of manual settings.Expect to charge your battery every night.  This is normal for smart phones.  You can charge the phone by simply placing it on a charge pad.  No need to connect any wires; also the charge pad with no dangling wires looks neater then a regular charger.  If you do want to use a cable to charge, the cable is the standard micro-USB.  No need to buy proprietary cables and chargers, like you do with certain manufacturer whose names starts with "a" and is a fruit.  When travelling, I can pack just one charge and use it for my Lumia and for my wife's blackberry.There was one thing lacking in all Windows Phones that almost made me stay away from this great phone, but I found a third party program, called Akruto Sync, which fixes it.  Windows Phone does not allow synchronization between Outlook and the phone using a USB cable.  This means that if you want to edit your phonebook, calendar, or to-do list on your PC (and you do want that, or you'll have to enter your entire phonebook into your new phone by hand), Microsoft expects you to store them on Microsoft's servers in the cloud.  This is meant to be more convenient (no wires), but I have no desire to store my personal information on someone else's servers.  After much searching I found Akruto Sync, which offers the best of both worlds.  It syncs over Wi-Fi or Internet, but your data is stored on your own PC, not on their server.  With Akruto Sync, I can enjoy this outstanding phone.Lumia 920 is a top of the line phone with first-class hardware and software.  Well done, Nikia!