Let me start by saying I have been using Cell phone watches exclusively since 2008 and have experience with multiple designs. The TW810 is my 4th watch phone and is by far the best of them all.I will start with its design. The TW810 is all steel, looks and feels great. It is very durable and amazingly does not look like a cell phone watch at all. It is very sleek, not too thick and professional looking. I could easily wear this with a suit to a business meeting and probably get compliments on my watch because it looks that good and normal. If you want a futuristic strange looking cell watch that people will notice this is not it. If you want a good looking watch that people will compliment and then be amazed when you tell the it is your phone this is the watch you want.Now for the real reason you are reading this, how does it work. The short answer is really really well. I am on the AT&T; network and have good strong coverage anywhere I go. I have not dropped a call yet and the calls I make are clear. Other watches in the past were hit and miss as far as call quality and reception. I make my calls using Bluetooth and have had no trouble with this as well. It always find as my headset and when you play music or videos on your watch the sound will play over the bluetooth. You can even stream your sound to a stereo speaker if you want some background music while you work.If you do not have a headset the sound from the built in mic/speaker is amazing for a cell phone watch. It's way better than any of the others I have owned.  It isn't high quality sound but if you want to show friends a video or play a song so all can here it does a good job.Now to the interface again the TW810 excels with its interface. I have had other watches that had very goofy Chinese graphics of hearts, unicorns and angels flying around or hot air balloons etc... that you could not turn off or change. These were embarrassing and totally unprofessional meaning I could not use those watches while in a meeting for fear some strange Chinese music would play or goofy graphic show while meeting with clients. The interface of the TW810 is well designed. The graphics are large and clean and set up in a fairly logical way, the way Europeans or Americans such as myself would expect. Some functions are a little buried but once you figure out where they are they are easy to call up and use.Now onto the advanced features, Internet use and Java apps. It took me a long time to figure out how to get this watch to connect to the Internet through the AT&T; network. The AT&T; store tried for me but couldn't quite get it to connect. I had to search the Internet, finding multiple sets of archaic settings which I just had to keep trying until finally getting it to work. I wanted to connect mainly for Java Apps. The screen is really too small to be useful for Internet browsing and the connections I managed to get are slow. A lot of the web pages have scripts that will not allow them to load or be viewed so web surfing is hit or miss for me on AT&T.; Other networks may work better.The built in Java App Store is a Chinese store so totally useless unless you can read Chinese. I could find no way to change this default App Store. Also, the Aoace brand is never listed anywhere on any site as a choice so downloading an app is totally hit and miss. I have no idea which phone to pick to make sure the app is sized to work on my watch. I have had some luck but not much so far. The built in Twitter and Facebook apps won't work but the MSN one does. All in all Java and the Internet is a total crap shoot. If I figure out which phone is compatible with the watch or the exact resolution or type of Java app the watch can play it would probably work well but after a week of scouring the Internet I have yet to find that information.I have had no trouble connecting to the TW810 using Bluetooth to my Mac to transfer files between the two. It is fast and works very well. You can also connect it directly to your computer using the supplied USB cable. Another good thing is that this watch uses a standard USB mini cable. Other watches I have owned had their own proprietary connectors and cables. If the cable goes bad on this one you can easily replace it with a standard USB mini cable you can buy anywhere.Unfortunately when I purchased this watch it came with a charger that had a three prong foreign plug. Fortunately I had another charger that worked fine or if I didn't I could have plugged it into my computer to charge. I do not know if this was just a mistake on the sellers part or if they all come that way but you may want to be ready to get he wrong adapter when you order.I highly recommend this cell phone watch and am pretty sure this will be the last one I will need to buy until Apple makes an iWatch!