If you are coming from some dinosaur phone like flip phones like startac, razr, or the likes, then this phone for you can be the killer phone best bang for the buck.  It does pretty much everything your current phone does and most of the new phones do.But I'll be basing my review from my own experience and coming from an okay phone, HTC Sensation, 4.3" screen with android OS and a dual core processor.  So, based from where I am coming from, this phone doesn't come anything close to being usable.Number one: It has limited viewing angles.  If the screen is in landscape watching videos or playing games can trigger a headache.  There must be a scientific explanation to that that I can't explain.  But for some reason, each eye kind of feels like seeing something similar but not close enough.  Is it the refresh rate causing it or invisible flicker that starts from top to bottom (when in landscape from left to right)?.  Anyone capable of explaining this phenomenon please help explain.Number two: The screen color is too washed out looking.  It's not even in the acceptable region.  It's embarrassing almost to be seen with such a cool looking phone only to see the screen is bottom end quality.  The best comparison to its color is the laptop screens around 1998 or older.  It just doesn't have enough color quality to pass as modern device.Number three: The resolution is too low.  I really had hoped I could work on the low resolution as I do prefer bigger fonts and bigger  icons.  But this one is plainly too low.  It's like stretching a thumbnail picture out to a 6 inches screen.  Juggeddy everywhere.  Higher resolution pictures when shown on this screen came out juggeddy.  Best comparison here is you know when you first start a netflix movie when everything starts out pixelated until seconds later resolution catches up and becomes acceptable?  This one doesn't catches up, resolution stays pixelated through out even when the movie is actually already on the memory card.Number four: The processor is slow.  I'm sure they'll fix this in the later version but with this one, the speed is slow.  It seems like the same speed as single core old android phones.  It's acceptable though but definitely does not feel like a dual core because there seems a long lag in all response times.  You may have seen videos on youtube showing you the response time but in my experience it's only true when there's not a sim card and no memory card on the phone.  The lag doubles or triples as soon as the phone is loaded with tasks from both cards.The good things:If you're coming from a dinosaur phone, I can see this phone as being super cool super phone for you.  Plus the speakers are really loud so that's big points for this phone.  The build quality too seems like very good very sturdy.The battery endurance seems very good as well.  Lasts a good 12 hours in my experience, even better than my HTC Sensation.  That is of course explainable due to the fact the this phone doesn't have 4G which sucks out battery juice really bad as we all know.The size is acceptable too.  It's not too big at all and I'm only 5'9" male with average hand size.  I can see this being an impossible to handle phone for person that is much smaller than my size.The OS is a true 4.0 android which is pretty nice.  No complain on this one.The cover is acceptable too on the build quality.The color orange, this one you gotta like orange or bright color to like this one.  The orange is the good shade of orange but still too bright and too attention grabber.In the end, would I recommend this to a friend?  No.  What about to a grand parent just entering touchscreen phones?  Big yes.