This review is long and rambling because the phone (to me) does so much that to describe it in any rational order would just be too much like work.So the bottom line at the top: A great phone for the money, does a lot of stuff perfectly adequately and serves as a good training device for someone wanting to know what to look for the next time they buy a higher-end phone. I give it five stars because, "What did you expect for a twenty-dollar phone?" I got this phone reluctantly, only after my old-fashioned Nokia brick was stolen. I asked simply for the cheapest phone with a camera, and I couldn't be more pleased. Well, actually, I could, but only after picking nits. So here we go:My first issue was with downloading photos, I shoot a lot and at twenty-five cents a piece to email them to myself a cable seemed like a reasonable solution. I wanted to avoid spending $50.00 on an OEM, so I tried one from Ebay. Then another. Then another. I called Nokia for tech support, and was surprised to talk to someone who was both knowledgeable and had no accent.There are a few separate issues here, the first being the necessity of downloading Nokia's "PC Suite" to facilitate connectivity. The version touted for Windows 98 was erratic and is no longer offered or supported, but before this happened I finally got a tech email admitting it was a known problem. And with regard to the non-original cables having some sort of DRM capabilities, the tech just sort of chuckled and said, "I really can't comment on that". Not only did they not work, I had to uninstall and reinstall the app after each failed attempt. How amusing.Realizing the cost of the cable would be paid back very soon I ordered one from Nokia and had it almost immediately. From then there was no problem, although I could only use it with XP.The file transfer protocol is a bit odd, but works OK. The synchronization with Outlook seemed flawless and works in both directions. The new automatic picture transfer will completely empty all the images in the camera, including graphics, wallpaper and screensavers, which seems like a mistake not present in the earlier version.Removing the SIM chip to another phone will save the bare basic info, but so thoroughly scramble to formatting you'd be better off doing it by cable. You can't save games or photos to the chip, either, I don't know if other phones enable this.Oh, games: No Tetris, but I found my favorite and most addictive one, "Zuma". The screen is far to small for a pleasant experience, but it's a novelty for me and helps pass the time in waiting rooms.All the other features of the phone work adequately and are quite useful- stopwatch, countdown recorder, calendar, notepad, alarm clock, etc. I did have to spend a few days with the manual to get an understanding of the software but it made sense fairly quickly. One unbilled feature is that the display is bright enough to use for a flashlight or nightlight when stumbling around in a strange hotel room or parking lot, it gives off enough of a glow to see well.The phone features? Oh yeah, I hardly ever get calls, but from what use I have had, the service is OK. You do need to hold the speaker right next to your ear to get the best volume, I picked up a no-name headset/mike for $8.00 and it does just fine.I live in a rural area that is a canyon, and Cingular consistently has the best signal here. The hot spots around the house are different between phone service and messaging, which is slightly irritating in that I will get a missed call message right after the phone doesn't ring. The camera works OK for what it is- great for catching rare moments in still or video. Same for the audio recorder, I use it for notes and catching info from the car radio. A speaker phone seems to work OK, but playing music is pretty much a waste of time.Not unlike writing a review for an obsolete phone on Amazon.