Great phone. If you have this phone and also carry something like an iPhone 5 or Samsung Android Galaxy 4 then you would literally have the most powerful pairing in mobile telephony in your pockets.PROS:> All 9790s come factory unlocked to accept Sim cards and work anywhere on this planet! What other phone does that?> Small. It not only fits in your denim jeans pocket but you will forget it is in there.> Powerful. Get the OS upgrades and you will find that this is a fast and smooth phone. It does everything well.> Free Mobile Hotspot. Can't beat that. It is free and FAST! You can add internet up to 5 devices. I've streamed entire Netflix movies via this phone onto my Smart HDTV and did NOT have one blip or hiccup!> QWERTY hard keyboard is still the best for texting, typing and emails. I have written out many 5-10 page papers for school on this phone and didn't even realize how many pages I have written until after printing it out or transferring it to a word document.> Good Auto Focus camera and video camera.> Good standard software and apps.> Fast and smooth movie and HD video playback. The sound is also REALLY GOOD!> Touch screen is awesome! It is smooth and the sensitivity is well balanced. Coming from a 9780 it took some time to get use to it but now I love it.> BBM still rules! I don't care how much you text on an iPhone or Android nothing beats the world accessibly of BBM.> LED Alerts are still very useful.> Very GOOD phone features. Most newer phones tend to bury phone features inside menus and apps but here the 9790 still remembers what it means to be a telephone.> Lots of skins, cases and accessories available on the world market for this phone. I had a tough time at first finding stuff for it in the USA market but once I went on eBay Canada and eBay UK there were hundreds of pages showing products for this device from battery extenders, cases, skins, desktop chargers, car hotspot chargers, etc...CONS:> All 9790s may come unlocked for phone calling BUT they are TWO types of 9790s that are 3G/4G/Data locked to specific Bands. The RED71UW 9790 use Bands 1,2,5, and 6 (AT&T;, Rogers and Telus) whiles REC71UW 9790 use Bands 1,4 and 8 (T-Mobile, O2, Wind, Mobilicity, UK carriers). This variation ONLY affects the 3G/4G Data Antenna and not the phone calling ability of the 9790. This isn't stated anywhere in the packaging or by most online merchants who simply state the 9790 comes unlocked. It is UNLOCKED for Sim cards and phone calling/texting but it is permanently LOCKED to a specific Band group and hence a LOCKED to specifics carriers if you need to use this for 3G/4G Data.> Blackberry Apps are EXPENSIVE. Some Apps, especially the productivity ones, can be as much a $79.99!> Blackberry Apps are lacking. DO NOT buy this phone for Apps! You will be 100% disappointed. There is no Instagram for one and many of those coupon Apps that require touch screens don't exist here. However the basic fare of Facebook, WhatApp, Twitter, eBay, YouTube, etc... all work well here and are all FREE!> No front facing camera. Being business savvy Blackberries in 2012/2013 should all come with hardware set up to cater to video conferencing and video chatting. This is something 10 years ago you would have thought that Blackberry would have done first and done by now.>No touch screen based unlock/lock screen apps. Or rather no decent apps for locking/unlocking the screen USING solely the touch screen (like u get with the Samsung Galaxy phones). There is one trial app that can screw up your phone power and memory usage when the trial-ware expires. It is only then you realize the 9790 actually doesn't have many apps that cater or enhance the touch screen feature that this phone does so well.> Screen can feel too small for extending movie watching. Media playback is easy to do and the sound quality is GREAT but the screen can be small for movie viewing. I just watched Pacific Rim on this 9790 and later when I saw it in theaters I realized there was a lot of detail I missed out on when I saw it on my phone.> I'm not sure how this is done but my 9790 does not provide Bluetooth streaming of music into my car. Although the bluetooth does extend over the voice dial features it does not automatically prompt for music streaming. Then again, I am not sure if this  can be done via an app or OS upgrade. However the fact remains there is no bluetooth music streaming on this 9790 out of the box.Overall this is still a great phone. I have had it for over a year now and it still feels new in my pocket.