Nokia's Swiss Army Knife - 5 Stars!The E71-2 US Version 'Communication Device' is more than a just a Cell Phone. Nokia has highly-Integrated several Powerful Feature Sets, that includes, GPS with Nokia Maps, Wi-Fi, Stereo BlueTooth, MicroSD Slot, Barcode, Sync, Radio, Recorder, Podcasting, QuickOffice, WLAN, and Quad-band GSM + US 3G compatibility via 850/1900 UMTS/HSDPA plus GPRS/EDGE capabilities.* Beautifully rendered with a Stainless Steel case, etched Graphics, and Cool metallic finish, and is notably THIN in size!  High-Resolution 2.4 inch screen, easy to use, one-digit tactile QWERTY.* Operates on the GSM Cell Frequency therefore, has more Versatility not only with GSM carriers like AT&T;, T-Mobile & Rogers, but GSM is most widely used in the rest of  the World.You just change out your SIM Card in wherever 'Country' you are traveling in and Presto ... You now have a Local and/or International Number, based on their Local rates!* You may also use Skype Lite 'inside' the fabulous Fring application and place Call's & Text's via Wi-Fi !!!!* BlueTooth is one of my most favorite features as I can Send & Receive > Music, Photo's, Movie Files and Word/Text Files, to ANY other BT Desktop or Laptop, as well as,  Print to my Canon BT Printer! Now how cool is that!* The Symbian 9.2 OS is Rock Solid and has NEVER Crashed on me!* Now for the Downside - 4 major drawbacks, at least for me, are:1. The 3.2 MP camera takes so-so photo's, but the Video is actually better! This could be fixed with a simple Software Update. (The Carl Zeiss 5MP camera is better!)2. Not MAC-compatible! It should have a Mac Version Updater!!!!3. Firmware Updates - Strongly Recommend that Nokia support all Future Updates, by giving Customers several 'Download' Options, like  Firmware Updates "packaged" in DMG, & Sis FILES; that can easily be downloaded directly online. Nokia R U listening?4. The iPhone has stolen the Show with AMAZING Free & Buy Applications that are being released right now and every few seconds! Nokia has FAILED to offer any  and/or enough Number of App's that even come close to Apple's.Conclusion - My Unlocked Nokia E71 has been in service since October 2008, exactly 1 year and has Performed Flawlessly.I signed-up with AT&T;, received a Free SIM card, have Multi-Media On-Demand (Text, SMS, etc) and getting 3G service.Very pleased with this purchase; however, my attention is beginning to wander over to the New iPhone 2010 model.I will most likely keep my E71 as a back-up and for travel abroad. Nokia's Technical Department, has been So Slow to respond to any Inquiries regarding updating it's Firmware (for which I have to keep a WinDoze Box around just for my Nokia). Not COOL!Overall Rating - I gave the E71-2, a 5-Star Rating because it's an Awesome Performing Communication Device. Seems that every week I discover yet another Cool Feature, that I may explore. However, I'm giving Nokia-USA only 4-Stars, simply because of the drawback's (con's) mentioned here.A Final Word of Caution - This Smart Phone / Device is for Smart People!