I just bought this watch through amazon a couple of weeks ago and have been pleasantly surprised thus far.  I was a little worried when I ordered this watch that I'd be overwhelmed by the Dick Tracy factor, but was relieved to find out that the watch is not as bulky as I feared.  I'm a medium sized guy with a medium sized wrist and, thankfully, this watch isn't much bigger than my diving watch.  As far as functionality goes, the call quality is excellent.  -Better than my iphone even.  And I simply inserted my AT&T; sim card in it.  This was very surprising and I can't figure out how such a small phone can get such good reception.  Over the past two weeks I've had to charge it about every two days (on average).  Granted, I've only really used it for calls and texting.  -There is no e-mail or internet, which is fine considering the fact that I wouldn't expect to spend much time browsing the web anyway. The specs say that the standby time (i.e., when just using as a watch) is about 10 days or so, which seems about right, although I'd guess closer to a week.  The phone naturally comes with a charger that is easy to use.  -No delicate plug-ins or need to remove an internal battery.  Instead, there is a little charging cradle that fits over the watch and charges through a tiny contact point on the underside.  The interface is simple and easy to use.  The colors are bright and the touchscreen is sensitive.  Texting is about as easy as you could hope for, especially on a relatively small screen, and the predictive text program is impressively accurate.  IAlthough if your a big texter, this watch probably isn't for you).  The watch comes with a bluetooth earpiece, which is a must (unless you want to look like Dick Tracy and have everyone listen to your conversations).  The included earpiece was ok, but I purchased one that I liked better at the AT&T; store.  Lastly, the construction of the watch itelelf appears to be very sturdy.  The case is steel and the face is tempered glass (not plastic).  The band was a little stiff at first, but has loosened up nicely.  Overall, I've been very happy with this product.  It's amazing how far technology has come.  -This is actually the second watch phone that I've owned.  The first one was called "M-500" something or other, which was supposedly top of the line a few years back.  The big difference between the two is the overall quality.  The M500 I had looked like it had a steel case, but was actually plastic with a chrome-like finish.  This gave it kind of a cheap feel overall and the user interface was pretty bare bones.  In any event, I don't mean to slam the M500 (I can't even find anything about it on the internet anymore.  I think it was Australian though), but just wanted to point out how far things have come since 2008.