After the unmitigated disaster that was the Nokia N97, the N8 gives Nokia one last true effort at redemption. For a company that was initially the world leader in mobile phone sales, having nearly twice the market share as its nearest competitor, Nokia has fallen way behind indeed as the leading technology innovator, in recent years. It's really all due to poor leadership. It began with copying all the bad habits of competitors (like placing loudspeaker grills at the backs instead of infront or at the sides of phones), and abandoning first principles (like no longer making products user friendly/very easy to use.) With the N8, the company is attempting to reclaim lost glory, and ground.Having literally thrown the N97 in the garbage a few times, I can honestly state that using the N8 is a vaaaaaaaaaaslty better experience. Although the software continues to be more complicated to use at times than it really ought to be, there is far more to like about the phone than dislike.For one, the software is a lot more stable, though not rock solid. There are still occasional bugs that annoy - try marking all text messages in a folder and scrolling, and the phone will freeze for a a minute or two before finally flinging the list of texts across the screen. When responding to a text in conversation mode, you literally have to hard "tap" the input area for the phone to respond. A light press of the finger won't do. In portrait mode, sometimes touching a symbol like a question mark or exclamation point for a text message, requires two or three presses, and almost never works with a thumb. An index or other finger is definitely preferred.Overall though, the capacitive touch experience is nearly on par with that of the Iphone, the screen is bright, everything on the phone works as it's supposed to, and all the programs installed are much more accessible than before. A particularly happy highlight is the process for setting up email accounts - a more straightforward process I do not know of. Push email actually works!!!!But perhaps the real genius of this phone are its photo and video abilities. I can't tell you the difference between HD and otherD, blue ray or dvd, but I can recognize a good photo when I see one or good video when I watch it. The phone's camera is so good you'll not only want to take more and more pictures, but it will make you believe you're actually a pretty decent photographer. It's just that good. The videos look like they were shot by a hollywood studio with a large production budget, and are *crystal* *clear!!!*Of course, with all that good stuff, those wonderful people at Nokia had to find *something* to screw up - the phone has only one loudspeaker port located on the back of the handset right next to the camera lens, on the protruding camera module...(eyes rolling.) The problem is that, because of its location, if you place the phone face up on a desk, table or other flat surface, the loudspeaker is automatically muffled to the point of uselessness.... And, if you just happen to lay the phone down on its back on something soft, like a couch, easy chair or bed, YOU CAN'T HEAR ANY SOUND. Not phone calls, text messages, email notificaions. Nothing. Yes. I know it's hard to believe but, the people at Nokia really are.that.stupid.You can't make perfection the enemy of the good so... it's still a great phone and one of Nokias best in a long, looooooong time, and I should know. I've only bought Nokias in the last 12 years.