From the time I placed the order, I was disappointed with this phone. First, it was listed as In Stock through Amazon with a fantastic price of $324. Based on my research, this phone had everything I could ask for in an unlocked phone with a great price. After ordering, I went to bed. In the morning, I checked my e-mail and found out that it was now out of stock. Three weeks later, I finally received the phone. I put my SIM card in, followed by the battery. My first uncertainty was with the SIM card holder. It was flimsy and didn't really secure the card, so much as kept it somewhat roughly in place. It powered up just fine. I went through the initial on-phone setup wizard and got to the home page. Immediately, it started prompting me to go on the network and download updates. After multiple No responses (as if the first No wasn't enough), I got to the actual home page. I tried to figure out what I could do, but found that it wasn't self explanatory. After a bunch of trial and error, I figured out how to go online with wi-fi. The connectivity is buried under a couple layers of menu. That is most annoying because a single touch isn't good enough for most things. I found myself having to double tap things repeatedly in order to get a response. Eventually, I figured out how to get around. The apps (pre-installed) I tried seemed fairly well polished. The GPS chip took about 5 minutes to get a signal, even when outside, and then the altitude reading was way off (by hundreds of feet). The facebook app worked well. The camera took nice pictures once I realized that the protective film on the lens was the cause of much fuzziness. The flash was insanely bright which causes a lot of closed-eye pictures. One down side to the camera is that it seemed to have a ridiculous lag time to capture the picture. In other words, I had to anticipate the picture-perfect moment and take the picture before the event occurred. Finally, I decided to try out the phone. I searched through all the menus and couldn't figure out how to bring up the phone. After staring at the home page for a minute, I realized that the "icon" in between Options and Contacts was sort-of shaped like a very tiny phone keypad. It was, in fact, the mechanism for dialing the phone. I attempted to dial only to find that I had no service. I couldn't figure out why, so I read the manual. I had done everything right, so I tried removing and reinserting my SIM. After no luck, I tried a software update. After the phone reset, I got service. I tried to make a call. After about 6 seconds, the call disconnected and I got an error message saying SIM Registration Failed. I assumed that was a cryptic version of a dropped call, so I attempted to call back only to find that I again had no service. I had to power cycle twice to get my service back. A short while later, I received a call only to have the same result. In fact, every call I made or received caused the same result. I think my longest call was about 15 seconds before the I got the SIM Registration Failed message. Looking online, I see that this is a somewhat common problem with this phone. The common solution offered is to get another SIM card, even if that card is known to be a good card. At the very least, based on my experience, an AT&T; Pay as you Go card didn't work.All in all, if the card worked, I might have kept it for the features at the price. That said, I can say that this was the least intuitive operating environment I have ever had the displeasure to deal with. I am an experienced software engineer, so I have a lot of experience in this area. If I had kept the phone, I would have been looking to wipe out the OS and install something more usable on it. Android OS, Windows Mobile and iPhone OS all provide an intuitive, functional and pleasurable operating experience so I find it bizarre that Nokia would even bother with their own OS if they can't do it right. Now that this phone is going back, I'm likely going to get a contract so I can get the same features at a reasonable price. It's a shame that Nokia spoiled what could be a great phone with such a terrible interface.