I've owned it for a few months now, installed various applications and even dropped it a few times.It's been durable, and it's been great.Pros:* Price* Hardware is decent, it's ran several 3d games with ease, and some with slight lag* Flash makes a great flashlight! And it works ok for the ok camera* Battery life is decent, playing Pandora continuously for about 5 hours and it's at 20%, with some use: light web browsing, phone calls, text messaging, email, it's lasted 30+ hours before getting to 20%Cons:* Wifi freezing issues, when enabling the wifi, the system locks for a few minutes or freezes entirely, removing the battery and reinserting it usually brings it back to speed with wifi enabled* Responsiveness, it lags slightly when going through menus or the launcher, it's not bad, but it's not smooth* Camera, in situations with a lot of light it looks great, low light, not so much.* Camera/camcorder sound effects, slightly annoying that they can't be turned off, they're not deafening though.* Music library ringtones are a bit difficult to get going, I couldn't get it configured for the life of me, it may be user error, granted; I installed the 'Music' app from fdroid which has an option of setting songs to ringtones, after which they show in the list of available ringtones.Tips:* Be weary of what you install, some applications can continually run causing slow downs.I have a task manager that clears the memory and kills the apps I'm allowed to end to help with it. (It's terrible that most phone don't have root out of the box..)If you do want to root this device, don't ran the update it want's right out of the box, there are several blog/forum posts about rooting the device and it's cousin the Kyocera Rise. Haven't tried just yet, but I've read that several people had issues rooting after installing the update.Not great at reviews, but I hope this helps some people.Update 1-20-2013:I was able to root the phone! Even after the update, I was mistaken.After rooting, my phone became increasingly slower, it was perplexing, so I reset the phone to factory settings, and tried again some weeks later. It's now been rooted for months without any slowness issues.* I still experience freezing issues when using the widget to turn on Wifi* Battery is still holding a decent charge, not much has changed since I've owned it* Phone has been dropped 5+ times, mostly due to accidentally knocking it off something or standing up with it slightly out of my pocket. No breaks or cracks, it's even landed on it's screen, I've seen Galaxys and iPhones that couldn't take the damage my phone has taken. It's tough.* Screen has several scratches, should have gotten a protector. But the display isn't affected much, I'm not distracted by the scratches and it doesn't make it hard to see.I plan to have this phone for a long time, and when I eventually switch over, I plan to use it as a server. Quite satisfied with my purchase.If anyone's interested in what I'm using:ServDroid: Not too feature rich, but it works as a simple server - Does not require rootLil' Debi: Able to run Debian on my phone, which means apache or lighttpd! - Requires root