It's a very good phone. It's pretty much the same size as the iphone 5 (I have made side by side comparisons) except a little bit larger and as powerful as android allows it to be. Due to the smaller screen size the battery life is great but this isn't apparent in the beginning, after a few charge-discharge cycles is that you begin to experience the real capacity of the battery. My use case is mostly this: BT audio during my commute to and from work (about an hour and a half total). Wifi on during the day at work. A lot of news reading and whatsapp. About two hours of gaming (mostly a game that makes intensive use of internet data, Battle Run) and you still have a lot of juice for the phone to last you the rest of the day.For custom roms users: for me the battery life is way worse with cyanogenmod. I have always used custom roms in my previous phones but mostly based on touchwiz. This phone is the first one where I have used cyanogenmod intensively and while I love all the power user options of the rom I was extremely disappointed with the battery life. I just could not make it through the day without having to recharge it at work and I HATE to charge twice a day, it also isn't very good for the battery's health over the long term. Also, the battery life indicator was incredibly unreliable once you reached under 20% levels. You could have 15% battery life (on stock the phone can make it home safely with that) left and after ten minutes the phone will be at 4% and turning off. I was left out hanging because of this more than once and when I needed the phone the most (as I was just going home from work). That was using default cyanogenmod settings of course (default scheduler and governor, no overclock or undervolted, etc) but most of the fancy stuff disabled (location, gps, data sync, nfc, etc) the same way I have it with touchwiz. In fairness some people on XDA forums seem to get good battery life out of this phone on cm but I don't know what kind of customizations they have used (most undervolt) or how they use the phone I'm just talking of my experience here. Me? I happen to like touchwiz, a lot actually, always have. I specially like how it looks (I don't know what all the hate is about). I even used a touchwiz theme on cm (it never looked quite as good as touchwiz though but that is expected). About the cm power options I miss? I can have them using the Xposed framework with the touchwiz-specific Wanam Exposed module (make sure you know what you're doing before meddling with it, but is mostly safe, needs root). I had never used the Xposed framework before and IT IS AMAZING. Glad I found it since I now have alternatives in case I don't find good custom roms (for this phone they're all mostly cyanogenmod-based). PS: I now posted this on my 9190 review also since that was my previous phone and all of this applies to that model too. I actually hoped that it would not apply to this one, since the developer in charge of cm for the S4 mini seems owns a 9195, which, I theorized, would make him pay special attention to how the rom behaved on it.