Given 1 star for the easy access to songs/artist/albums/shuffle, and another for decent battery life and the mini usb/usb charging capabilities.It's all down hill from there.I must warn all of you, the phone I bought from hasselfree(or whatever they changed their name to) came shipped to me as a Russian phone.  Russian text on the keys(just looks lame).  I feel like a complete idiot for buying this phone.  However, I was desperite and needed one fast and thought, "why not for 100 bucks".  This might not bother some, but the listed images reflecting the item purchased is not correct.Firmware updates are not available from Motorola.  T-Mobile updates are not available.  You'll have to do some research in order to find the correct settings for your phone.  Took me about a week.  My previous phones were all synched seemlessly intergrated.This phone also has TONS of lag when browsing through menus.  Doesn't matter what type, but I have found that, bluetooth will only add to the delay.The other thing I was gonna add is fact that the phone is in RUSSIAN.What's really weird about this phone is the speakerphone.  While playing music, it's great(for a phone) but during a phone call, it's average.  The speakerphone volume changes, why?  I dunno.  But it does, and it disapointed me as soon as I tried using it for a phone call.  Couldn't find any setting to try and tweak it.Bluetooth connections with headset pieces are sad compared to my last two phones, z6 and samsung.  Lots of digital static as if the phone was 20' or 30' away even though the ear piece and phone are less than 4' away from each other(cell in pocket/bluetooth headset in ear).I've used this phone for a more than 4 months and haven't had too many problems.  The cell phone's reception compared to the two previous phones is a 7/10.  I used to get a solid reception in my bedroom, now I have to go outside and stand infront of a planter in order to NOT drop a call.Though the expandable memory and internal memory sound like a plus.  The phone's internal system just added to the lag.  I kept everything on the SD card.  Thought this phone should have been called the lag.  Even with a brebone system with 1 mp3 on it, the phone still lags.  Really sad because this phone really looks cool!9/19/09I just added the data plan, omg... one thing to say... NEVER BUY A RANDOM UNLOCKED PHONE ever ever ever... Saving a few bucks just isn't worth the headache... buy the real thing.  Hasslefree or whatever they call themselves now asked why in an automated email... "what can we do to help you?"  full well knowing the crap they were selling.  This phone is just 100% pure jacked up.  EVERYTHING needs to be reset to a factory default that isnt available ANYWHERE!  You're going to be the one researching/plugging in everything... on your own.In all, screw this phone.  It looks awesome!  but yeah... most guys/girls that I know don't twitter their junk to a outdated cell phone.At most, this phone is worth 40 bucks...