I have bought this phone in December when it just hit the market shelves in few places. I knew before that it was coming in the market, read its reviews online and waited anxiously for it. I am very happy that I bought this phone cum tablet and because of its larger size, it is much better for me that Samsung Galaxy SII.I have previously bought Samsung Galaxy SII as the larger screen phone (4.3" display) and was very happy with it but found that the screen was smallish for me and so I looked forward to a bigger phone. I found Samsung Galaxy Note (5.3" display) to be that wish come true although I still sometimes feel that I can even be fine with 6" screen size.So after more than a month of use, following are my conclusions:Review Highlights:Price:It is more than iPad2 and all the other tablets I have seen till now but as it is unique, I am compelled to pay. If it was at a lower price, it would have been better.Size and Weight:Samsung Galaxy Note is the largest of phones available in the market. Because of it large size and Android Gingerbread 2.3, it is a very nice mini-tablet as well as a secondary phone. Unless there is a 6" phone-cum-tablet is launched, this is the best phone-cum-tablet your money can buy. Its weight (178g)is perfectly acceptable considering the size of the phone and its thickness (9.65mm) is nearly as of Samsung Galaxy SII (8.49mm), a really thin phone.Display:Very nice Super AMOLED display and it is really great watching movies and photos on this big display. It feels like a mini-tablet and it displays very well. Because of high pixel density (285ppi), the text and details are very smooth.Speed:The speed is good due for dual core (1.4GHz dual core) processor and I don't feel it slow. Although when I installed more than 15 apps, then I found it getting slower and sometimes was taking too long to start an app. Therefore, I always try to keep only those apps installed which I actually need.Battery Life:It depends upon how many apps are running in the background, whether the phone is in energy saver mode, the WiFi is switched on or not and the extent of brightness of display. A CPU hogging app can drain the battery within few hours but if I use WiFi selectively, keep brightness to near minimum brightness (which is still fine for display), in energy saver mode and just run basic applications and minimize widgets, I can get battery life of up to a day. I suggest not using Samsung Galaxy Note as your main phone as you may end up connecting to charger all the time. Use it as a tablet and secondary phone, along with another primary phone and that is the way it brilliantly shines.Android Gingerbread 2.3 Experience:I like its user interface and widgets but I have uninstalled some widgets to keep it fast and have low battery usage. Widgets take a lot of battery life and also use CPU continuously as well so I always uninstall Samsung widgets that I do not need.As a Phone:It feels big as phone but I do not use it as my main phone. My main phone is Blackberry Bold 9780 and so I use Samsung Galaxy Note as secondary phone. For secondary usage, it is fine although I do not like the fact that at higher sound volumes, the telephone call sound from ear piece is loud enough that people nearby can hear the conversation. Therefore, during calls I reduce the earpiece volume. The speakerphone is very good and video calling through Skype is very enjoyable.The large touch keys and display makes it very easy to use it as a phone.As a Tablet:It is very nice as a small tablet. My son uses it for gaming and likes gaming on this phone a lot. For me, I can browse internet much better than a Samsung Galaxy SII, read emails better and its kindle app is great. I feel that a kindle 6" is not required when you have this phone. As it is not an Eink screen, I can read it well during night when lights are switched off.There are many apps in the market but I install only those ones that I really need as I want to save memory, CPU usage and battery life. Many of the apps keep running in the background after usage once so a number of times, I go in Settings> Manage Applications to clear cache and stop applications that I do not require running.Use with Data:It has usual GSM, WCDMA and HSPA+ capabilities and I have seen its performance to be very good.Photos:Photos look brilliant on this phone and its both front and dual cameras are excellent. The low light photos are not as great as a dedicated camera but its LED flash is strong as well.Videos:It has taken very nice family HD videos and I really like those. It plays videos very smoothly as well. Because of brilliant display, dual cameras (8MP rear and 2MP front) which take good shots and videos, and efficient microphone, it is an excellent device for photos and video capture and playback.Sensors:I have mainly used the Accelerometer which works fine. I am not a huge fan of digital compass in a mobile phone. The digital compass in phone always behaves erratically.Two features that I want:1. I need a similar touch button as for Wi-Fi switch on and off TO switch on and off the usage of data using Mobile networks.Final Verdict:Excellent secondary phone and a small tablet. Use another phone as primary phone and you will be fine. Keep widgets and running apps to minimum and you will be happy with it.Use of a plastic cover and front display screen guard will keep the phone safe even when it uses Corning Gorilla glass to prevent scratches.