Upon opening the box, I found exactly what I expected - a good-looking (albeit very large) geeky watch.  It came with extra screws and rubber O-rings, and ear buds with a mic.  They even include a tiny screwdriver for putting the back on after you install your SIMM and Micro SD, and the battery.  It also includes a spare battery.  So far, great!The case and band appear well-made.  Strong, with no sharp edges.  There are panels on the ends of the watch case that are jewler's chrome rather than stainless, so they don't quite match the rest of the watch, but they look OK.  The clasp is smooth and works well, but is not adjustable, and the links in the band are held together with press-in pins rather than screws, so plan on spending another $15 at the jeweler getting the band fitted unless you have jeweler's tools.It came with the expected user manual - a very tiny print manual with no illustrations.  The manual was obviously made from the Chinese version with translation software.  Many of the sentences don't really make any sense.  That is not a problem, however, as the device uses very standard cell phone menus with easily recognizable icons, so there is no real problem navigating the menus and finding things without any need for a user manual.The camera and video capture work, and are about what I expected in a unit this size.  Pictures similar to the ones you get with those $5 key chain digital cameras.  That was what I expected, so no complaints about the camera, but 1.3 MP?  I don't think so.  On `good' quality setting, the watch says that picture files are only 9kB jpgs, and that is about what they look like.  0.13 MP maybe.FM radio works.  Gets a few channels that fade in and out to static as you move your hand and change the orientation of the device.  Again, pretty much what I expected for a novelty watch, so no complaints.The display looks good.  The touch function is a bit slow but works well.  For selecting from the menus it works better with my fingertip than with the rubber tipped stylus that came with the phone. The stylus is needed only for typing numbers and letters from the keypads in the screen.  If you go outdoors in the sunshine, the display is completely wiped out, regardless of which display setting you choose.  You have to cup your hand over the display tightly and put your eye up to your cupped hand to make out anything on the screen when you are outdoors.  This means that you can accept, but not make, phone calls when you are outdoors.The big problem, and the reason that I am sending this thing back, is that there is no volume control on the phone.  When you answer a call, whether you use the speaker on the phone (which sounds awful) or the included ear buds (which sound better) you can barely hear the incoming caller.  My callers said that they could hear and understand me whether I used the speaker in the watch or the speaker on the ear buds, but I had to go into a completely silent room and close the door in order to hear my caller.  I would never use this thing while in a car, or anywhere that has any level of background noise.  The beeps with button presses and camera use are a comfortable volume.I tried a Motorola Bluetooth with volume control to see if I could use the phone exclusively with the Bluetooth.  No luck.  Max volume on the bluetooth is still barely audible in a quiet room.I looked through the manual and all the menus twice, and I found no volume control on any function other than the FM radio and the ringer, and the radio volume control does not work well.  There may be a bad spot in the touch display around the `+' button on the FM radio screen.  It would turn the volume down, but not back up.All I really wanted was a novelty and a conversation piece to use for a while and then add to my collection of geeky watches, but to be a good novelty and conversation piece, I need to be able to carry it and use it as my cell phone for a while, and for that it needs to be usable.I think that if they improve the built-in speaker so that you can understand human speech through it, and give it a volume control on calls, this will be an amusing gadget.  An updated sunlight-visible screen would be really nice, even if it added to the price.