About me:First off, I should be studying for a test, but when I get frustrated, I usually take this time to write Amazon reviews (weird eh?).I'm 21, raised in 21st Century technology (though technology be damned!), so I'd say I were technological capable, no?First thoughts:So about the Phone; when people say "it fits in your pocket", THEY MEAN IT LITERALLY FITS IN YOUR FLIPPING POCKET. And there will still be room for a couple gerbil babies (not that I've tried).Phone:The phone is about an inch bigger in length, than a business card and about an 1/8 of an inch wider. Like most phones Samsung phones, the screen takes up most of  phone, but said screen is about the length of my pinky (about 3 inches). My hands are fairly small, and are able to just about wrap about this phone. It's very light, and "cute" (b.c it's tiny). If you have big hands, this would make you feel as if you were a GIANT (that's the comparison between the phone AND YOUR HAND (font size differences)).It comes with all the features a Samsung phone would have, and the face plate buttons but the main one in the middle, are also "touch" sensitive.  There is a sleep/power button on the right side (when screen faces you) and a volume control on the left. So far, it plays all apps like that of a normal phone, everything adjusting to fit the screen perfectly. Clearing because the screen is small, internet view isn't "funny fun fun!", but still VERY MUCH possible. It's like watching a YouTube video on your portable digital cameras, the compact sized ones.Performance:You have the option of turning this off, but it vibrates when you press buttons. For e.g., I described text-ing on it to my friend, as "typing on a small angry power drill". It makes the noise too. Plays music just as loudly as any other phone (with or without headphones) OH, by the way, the heads are pretty cool, having been adapted into 3 shrinking bulb shapes to fit comfortably in and with little less chance of falling out of, than traditional non-ear-bud head phones, the ear. And the headphones have a mic, so no need to hold this biscuit in your hand while talking.ONE THING I DON'T LIKE, is that apps take 1 and a half times longer than other phones to download =[. If it's small or stays within KB (993 for example took about 2 and a half minutes, or a little less, where as in my last phone, that would have ended as soon as it started), it's about ~3 or Less! mins, but the bigger it gets *rolls eyes*, downloading a Zombie game took me well over 5 minutes and it was 10.47 MB! Also, like some other phones, and the Samsung tablets, sometimes when sending an email or searching online, the keyboard sits in an awkward places, that forces you to type "blindly". It's frustrating fur shure!Also, the camera is not great, but it is good. And it doesn't make that unmute-able shutter noise. (Stalkers and obnoxious teenagers on trains would like this feature).What's in the box!:First off! When this was delivered to me along with 2 other things, I thought "they didn't send it! =[ ", because the box all 3 items came in was uber small.  But low and behold,It was in there! It was just so tiny! The BOX itself was about the size of a smaller sized Bar touch screen phone (like the motorola Flipside for example! It was the EXACT size of that phone, the box was). So imagine when I opened this box and found this little crumpet's blank screen and gleaming white face. I was flabbergasted! And it was so light! I compared it to the weight of 5 Oreo's stacked on my hand, and it felt just a little lighter in comparison. Beneath the phone and a separator, was the headphones (with mic and modified shape head phones for comfort fit), a USB cord for tethering to computers. And to my dismay, a EURO styled wall charger =[ ! Luckily, I DO have a U.S/non-Euro wall plug charger, so I've been using the USB cord to charge it. And the charger is simply the v2 micro USB, so a Blackberry charger for example would work. But I was disappointed that I wasn't TOLD it was a Euro charger. =[. Also. After you take the phone out of it's little wrapper, and hold down the power button for a few seconds, (it takes about 20 seconds to power on completely), the first screen I encountered was in Turkish I believe(?). You have to click on the right side button to get the option to change the language to English (UK OR US) if you speak English, Spanish I believe, and several others. And from there, it's like setting up a regular Android phone. IDK why, but when setting up my phones, they never let me go solely with the option of setting up my accounts using Cellular networks, always Wifi, this phone was no different.All in all, Akkachan (Japanese for Baby) is a cute little phone with the functionality of a "regular" sized one.Also, the Micro SD slot, is under the back cover. Takes up to 16 or 32 GB, I can't recall.Customize-able ringtones and wallpapers. Unlock codes etc.Took me 29 minutes to write all of this =/And then I'll despair when my exam grade is low TT-TT.Pabo!Came l8r than I'd've liked however. Came the last day in the delivery time period.