I picked up this phone for my upcoming travels to Asia & Europe. I was a bit skeptical after reading all the poor reviews saying the phone was locked but decided to try it out due to the low price and the Amazon Prime quick shipping. I got the phone delivered earlier than anticipated (Saturday evening) and after opening the smiley face box, found a plain unmarked white box with a label on the underside with the UPC and IMEI information. The inside of the box held the phone itself, along with a charger, cord, ear buds, and a quick start guide. There were two pieces of loose papers which contained (1) return information and (2) wireless settings to connect to the Cingular/AT&T; network. There wasn't a Users Guide and I couldn't figure out why the phone wasn't charging after I attached the cable and plugged it into the wall socket. I managed to locate the users guide online and after removing the back cover, I found a plastic lining around the battery, along with the SIM and SD card slots. I inserted a SIM card that I got from the local electronics store (activated so I got a new cell phone number), and removed the plastic lining from the battery & put the phone back together.After that, the phone was charging fine. There's a bright green MyTouch 3G screen that appears upon powering up, followed by the Android logo. So far, so good. When you get to the main screen, there's a quick tutorial on how to use the phone, which you can skip, followed by either creating a Google account or activating the Google account you already have (I chose the latter). Unfortunately, while I could get the phone to recognize the SIM card, it wasn't provisioned as a SIM that had any data service on it. So I went back to my local electronics store and picked up a pre-paid monthly talk/text/data plan (+$50). It took some time to get the plan activated (non-related to the phone or Amazon, just the provider service) but once the unlimited talk/text/data plan was linked to my SIM card and phone, and I changed the internet settings (WAP/MMS details), things were running perfectly.The MyTouch 3G makes calls, sends texts, takes pictures, and allows me to go online (Wifi). So far, my only complaint is that the touch screen is a bit non-responsive; you have to press a bit firmer some times for the phone to recognize you're tapping, especially text. The keypad is also a bit smaller compared to other phones with a full QWERTY and I found the typing a bit cramped (& I have small hands).  Finally: without the users manual, it's a bit difficult to recognize the various icons popping up at the top of the screen when I was initially using the phone to download apps and such. But maybe that's just a personal idiosyncrasy (though the 'connected to a Wi-Fi network' is an important one).All-in-all, the phone is working great so far state-side on a non-major teleco plan and I hope it does as well with foreign GSM networks in Europe & Asia.