First, a little background, for perspective: I'm an ex-iphone user, migrated from iphone to Android a few years ago, for the freedom and open-ness of the OS. I've really liked the Android OS and the phones I've bought along the way. A few months ago I bought a Lumia 521 with a new Metro PCS account. The Lumia 521 introduced me to Windows 8 Phone OS and I was amazed at how fluid, intuitive and FUN it is - so I decided to fork out for a premium Windows Phone ... which is what brought me to the Lumia 820.The NOKIA LUMIA 820 is SOLID. It's heavy in the hand and has a stable, durable feel to it. The display is vibrant and beautiful. Reviewers and "experts" out there on the web can say anything they want about resolution, rag on the pixel density, whatever - but this phone, in your hand is BEAUTIFUL. Colors pop, photos are crisp and videos look great!As was the case with my (brief) experience on the Lumia 521, this is quick, nimble, FAST. Every operation is there when called for, tasks present themselves immediately and close just as quickly. There's something about this Windows OS that must be much less resource-intensive, less hungry than other mobile OS's, because things just pop and fly all over the place.The Tiles ... live tiles, that represent what feels like a living, breathing OS Interface. You see the faces of your contacts and friends rotating in and out of the "People" tile ... Facebook posts of friends "pop up" in live time, as they are happening ... News updates circulate in a tile, the tile suddenly flips over to reveal another breaking headline ... the tile from your Songza app suddenly flips over to say "It is Friday Night" (or late Saturday morning, etc.) ... the Photos tile rotates through your albums, scrolling slowly and continuously ... nothing stands still, this tiled-interface is alive!More on Tiles ... you can size and re-size your tiles, according to taste; regular (square), large (rectangle that covers width of the screen) or small (one quarter size of regular). You can even Pin your favorite websites to the screen, each in a tile of it's own. I've got four favorite Playlists (from Nokia Music) pinned to my screen, each re-sized to small, and they form a little music "block", the size of a regular tile!The Lumia 820 has NFC capability and Wireless Charging - something I didn't think I'd ever need or use, but I did fork out for the charging plate and it's been a very nice bonus. I've already grown lazy, with the ability to simply place the phone on it's back for a charge ... no plugs, cables or hassles.CUSTOMIZATION!  Unlike other phones in the Lumia lineup, this one has interchangeable back plates. Once in place, it looks like a solid piece of polycarbonate. You can make this a Cyan phone, a bright Red phone, Yellow, White or Black, simply by putting a different (removable) back plate on it. You can order these with or without NFC and Wireless Charging capability. This phone was black when I bought it, I've since changed it to Cyan (and have other colors on order).Is the 920 a better phone? How about the 928?  Well, the specs are better on those phones, but for me, this is the sweet spot. It's smaller than the 920, but with the same screen size, and (again), with the joy of body / color customization. Processing speed? System RAM? What are those??? What do I care? When a phone is as fast, fluid, stable and zippy as this is, who cares?  When you get a phone that performs as beautifully as this, you can forget about specs (and forget the "expert" opinions from the tech sites). None of it matters.Apps ... yes, you hear a lot of whining, complaining, hand-wringing criticism of the Windows app store and it's "horrible dearth of apps". If you believe what you read out there on the internet, you probably figure they've got about 10 or 20 apps in the store. I don't know WHO these people are, or WHAT they have on their own phones, but inasmuch as the Windows store has over a hundred thousand apps (126,000 as of last night) ... I feel that is enough for me (and for any reasonable person). Sure, you can bolster your app store to a million, 50 million, a billion, whatever - but when 50,000 of those apps are flashlights (as opposed to one flashlight), how is that improving your app experience?The 8GB of internal space ... once the OS requirements are subtracted, you've got about 5 or 6 gigs to yourself. Unlike it's bigger brethren in the Lumia family, this one comes with a Micro SD slot. I've got a 32GB card in mine, and have set the phone to load all photos, music and videos to the card (rather than to internal storage). That should hold me for awhile.The Camera ... with Carl Zeiss optics and Dual LED Flash,  the 8.7 megapixel camera and quality of your photos will be excellent. I've also loaded an HDR app from the store and have experimented with it, garnering some very nice results. I've been taking photos for Instagram, Foodspotting, Facebook and Twitter so far, nothing that requires a critical eye or instrument. I have also set my phone to auto-upload all photos and videos to Skydrive, so I've got an instant backup of everything I've taken.I'm not going to spend any time hashing-out or "reviewing" technical details, you'll get plenty of that in other reviews (and websites). Suffice it to say, this is one of the best and THE most enjoyable phone I've ever owned.