The american cell phone market has little variety when it comes to GSM  phones, and most phones offered by providers are older technology, stuff that came out years ago in other countries. However, cingular has finally brought in a phone worth calling home about.The Nokia 6682 is easily one of the best phones for the money availiable now. Cingular released it some time ago, but customers reported multiple software issues. Months later, the phone was re-released, and it looks great.Body, form factor: Sits comfortably in your hand. It looks bulky, but is not really that heavy. You'll know when it falls out of your pocket, but it won't break your thigh if you're wearing tight jeans. The buttons are easy enough to press, from the way you'd hold it and the camera shutter is accessible. The shutter looks amazing, but is sightly rickety. I keep worrying about breaking it. It's a sturdy phone, and looks classy, and business like.Call quality: Great, even on one bar of signal. This is limited onlyby cingular's network, which is supposed to be all over, but hey, I lose reception walking into a building.Battery Life: I have to recharge every night. I listen to music on the phone a lot, around 2 hours a day, at least, and especially when I run, and I lose about 2 bars of battery at the end of the day. I don't make too many calls, but I do play a few symbian games. I'd suggest getting a better battery if nokia relesaes one here.Screen: The screen adapts to light, going darker when you're in a low light region and turning off the key lights, and going brighter in sunlight. This is a great battery saving feature.Memory Card: The phone comes with a standard 64MB Dual Volt RS MMC cardn which can hold, well , almost nothing. I bought a 1GB card forabout 20 dollars, and I love it. The little slot is so sleek, and easy to use.Music:The inbuilt music player is good, but it sorely needs a keylock feature. I downloaded a free player (.ogg player) and I use it when I need to lock the phone, but it's just not as good as the inbuilt player. the speakerphone allows you to play music, but don't expect it to make a party happenning. The headohones nokia gives you are sweet, but only when it comes to audio quality, but more on tha later. The phone can play .aac, .mp3, .mp4, .m4a, .ogg, but not .wma files. If the phone came with a slot for headphones, it would have been close to perfect. I bought a kittle headphone adapter, and I use that with my regular headphones.Camera: Great Camera, in daylight and when it's dark, but try taking pictures in yellow light or low light and they look really bad. In the dark, you'd have to use the flash in conjunction with the night mode, or else, the picutres  won't be that good. The digital zoom is okay, not worth praising or criticizing. I only wish it had a dedicated camera button, like most bar phones. The camera is covered by a slightly rickety slider, which looks really nice. The video camera is sketchy, but you can use  the regular camera as a replacement for your digital camera.Data features: This phone features great connectivity. The in built browser is good, but the Opera (which you will have to  pay for) is seriusly awesome. The phone uses EDGE, class 10 GPRS, and is possibly better than any phone on the US market. I accessed my email easily enough, and looked at a couple of mobile sites, but don't use this feautre unless you're willing to shell out cash for Media Net.Messaging: The keypad is easy enough to use, but still won't threaten the benchmark set by the Nokia 3310 (3390 in the US). The keys could have been a little bigger, but these are still great to use.Software: there is a reason why Symbian is so awesome, and one use of the phone will show you how. If I started talking about it, I wouldn't stop, so I'm not going to start. I will tell you that Cingular's modifications of the phone are just not that hot.Fun Stuff: You can use mp3s as ringtones (I'd reccommend "Show me how to live"-Audioslave, it sounds so impressive). You can also install and run a lot of Java games with impressive graphics, as well as other applications that work with Symbian. You can also watch videos in 3GP, you can get the converter free online (Ithing, I haven't looked yet). The media gallery is nice, but what takes the cake is the image manager, which shows pictures in a ring, with the ones closest to you magnified more than the ones behind.Connectivity: Great Bluetooth, no infrared. EDGE.Other things worth noting: Freezes up sometimes, and gives a low memory warning when you open ceterin programs or games.Accesories: Nokia provides you with a stereo handsfree/headset that will not stay in your ears unless you glue them in. However, the audio quality is excellent, better than a lot of headphones I've used. I bought a nokia activity headset, HS-8, but it sucked, and had the worst audio quality I've ever had to endure (Looks so pretty though).The charger is sleek, and easy to carry when you travel. The data cable is good, but if you're trying to transfer 700MB of music, you can either leave it overnight or use an SD card reader (I bought mine for a buck on amazon).The verdict: Great phone, for anyone tech savvy. Can serve as a replacement for a digital camera (for casual images) and an mp3 player. Better than most other phones on the market. Snap it up. You won't see too many phones this good in the US. If you still want something better, try Europe.