At around $250 (update: but the price seems to go up and down), the Sony Xperia Advance is a great value. Why, you might ask, since one can pick up a brand new iPhone 5 for $199 and various other smartphones for next to nothing? The answer -- and the key to appreciating this phone -- is that the Sony is unlocked. That means you aren't buying a subsidized phone that ties you to a two-year wireless contract at premium rates.With an unlocked phone, you can avoid dealing with the major carriers direct. Instead, you can go to one of the companies that resell their services at a huge discount. Expect to pay around $45 a month -- with no extras -- for unlimited talk and text, plus as much data as anyone could be likely to use on a phone without doing much in the way of streaming. Over two years, you stand to save a lot of money by taking the unlocked route. (With this Sony, it's best to go to the AT&T; resellers like Straight Talk and Pure Talk. It seems that you only get Edge data speeds if you use it on T-Mobile's network through one of their resellers and it won't even work with a Verizon or Sprint reseller.)The other benefit of an unlocked phone is that you can use it with a local SIM when you travel overseas, or with a global SIM such as those sold by Telestial.If you're sold on the unlocked concept, this is a great price for a pretty nice Android phone. It ships with the Gingerbread version of Android, but you can easily upgrade to Ice Cream Sandwich (not the very latest Android version, but close). To upgrade, you need to connect it to a PC or Mac with Sony's (free) phone utility software. This upgrade method didn't seem intuitive at first, but once I figured that's what I had to do, it was seamless.Sony's marketing makes much of the phone's rugged qualities. It can withstand water and dust in ways that most phones can't (not that I've ever regarded dust as a particular threat to my phones). The screen is claimed to be scratch-proof. And the plastic housing results in less scope for damage if you drop the phone. I haven't tested the limits of the ruggedness, and wouldn't advise doing so, but it's not one of those devices that seems to invite accidental damage.So what's it like to use? With the disclaimer that I've only been using it for a few days, here are my impressions:The screen is no retina display. But it's fine. Cell signal quality is excellent. WiFi reception seems about average. Call quality is good. The speaker is reasonably loud, and when I talk on the speakerphone, people don't complain about how I sound. The camera seems OK, although I haven't used it much yet (and there's no front-facing one for video calls). (Update: It is a bit slow, however.) One welcome feature that isn't mentioned on the Amazon page is a built-in FM radio, which I like to use while running. Battery life has also appeared OK. The back is a little hard to take off and put back on when you need to access the SIM card or SD slot.Despite what you might expect of a phone marketed for its rugged qualities, the Sony Xperia Advance is quite thin and it weighs very little. Although I haven't put side-by-side with an iPhone, I'd say it's no bigger than an iPhone 4s and actually a bit thinner and lighter.The iPhone 4s is a fancier unit in a number of ways, and the iPhone 5 is even more so. But unlocked versions of those units go for about $550 and $650 respectively (the unlocked version of the iPhone 5 hadn't begun to ship in the US when I wrote this review). And with phones that cost that much, you'll probably want to spend an extra $100 for the accidental-damage warranty. So you're paying up to three times as much as you would for this Sony. And an unlocked iPhone isn't ideal on wireless services like Straight Talk -- unless you jailbreak the unit, it's tough to get MMS messaging to work.An obvious alternative to this Sony would be the unlocked Google Nexus 4, which launched at about the same time. That starts at $295, plus you usually have to pay for shipping (you can only buy it from Google direct). The Nexus 4 has a much larger screen than the Sony, which may be a plus or a minus, and has a fancier set of features overall (although it lacks an FM radio). It, too, is an outstanding value. But it is almost certainly less rugged. You'd probably want a case for the Nexus, which you should be able to do without on the Sony (I'm not even aware of a case being available). And, personally, I find buying from Amazon easier than from Google (the latter has an annoyingly unautomated returns system, for example). But either of these phones can make a lot of sense.Although the Xperia Advance was new to the US in the fall of 2012, I gather it's more or less the same as a model that has been sold for a while longer in other parts of the world as the Sony Xperia Go. So if you're checking out other reviews, comments about the Go may also apply to this one.In short, the Sony Xperia Advance is a great buy for someone looking for a very competitively priced, and somewhat rugged, unlocked phone from a first-class manufacturer and running a fairly up-to-date version of Android. It's not such an obvious choice for people who want the coolest or most feature-rich phone, or for people who want a very large screen. It seems to work well for me. I'm not shy of returning electronic items that disappoint. But this one is a keeper.