I bought this phone to replace an older Blackberry 8700, and it has been a very pleasant surprise.Physically the phone is light, thinnish, and feels good in the hand. The back is easy to open/close, and the build quality is high. Feels solid in the hand. I rather like the lack of external buttons and sliders. Once I got used to how to adjust the volume, left/right on the trackpad, I don't even think about it any more.Starting at the top, the screen is very good to excellent, with the only drawback being lessened readability in bright sunlight. Colors vivid, text crisp (especially important for my old eyes). Keyboard very functional, the smallish rounded-top keys work well with my fat fingers. It's not a Blackberry keyboard though. My main complaint with the keyboard is that the 'function' key in the lower left is an odd shape due to the rounded shape of the lower left side of the phone. I sometimes hit it rather than SHIFT, and vice versa. But a very minor complaint.  Speaker very robust and clear, call quality is great, and speakerphone very loud. Battery life is very good for a 3G phone, and I get 2 - 2 1/2 days of use easily, but in practice leave the phone tethered to a charger at night. I do dislike the fact that even this newish phone uses a proprietary charging and sync cable, and the power cannot be used to sync. I've had quite a few Nokia phones over the years (and even lived in Finland for about five years), so I have a nice museum of discarded chargers and sync cables. Why not use mini-USB or micro-USB?3G service (North American 3G only on this E63-2 model) is excellent here in New Mexico, very seldom do I fall back to EDGE or GSM. Good call quality, very few dropped calls.Software. Since I bought the phone unlocked (SIM-free), not a lot of crapware/bloatware was present. Email was a breeze to set up, but I will say that BB email is far superior.  Syncing to my desktops and laptops is a no-brainer using Bluetooth. I'm primarily a Mac user, so I use iSync with a Nokia add-on to sync calendar and address book. Software updates are not over-the-air (OTA) for this model, so I bought yet another nokia cable to update the firmware/os. And, of course the nokia update is/was windows-only, so I did the update from a netbook running windows7.  Media software is pretty good, but it's not an iPhone.On-going costs: I bought the phone unlocked, and use AT&T; GoPhone PAYG (pay as you go) service, plus a data plan. $100 voice service is valid for a year (and can be topped-off/extended and the amount rolls-over), and the $19.99 for 100MB monthly data plan 'rolls over' if extended within the 30 days. A secret:  Buy 100 MB initially, and then extend it with the $4.99 1MB plan if you're not using it all. This continues the roll-over process. AT&T; only allows 300MB in reserve, so I did a couple months of $19.99 to get the MB up, and now add $4.99 monthly. Point of this: the Nokia email client is very data efficient, I can't use the entire amount of data on the plan, even when I try. Adding light browsing a few times a day (facebook, googling, etc;) is hardly noticeable. I don't do massive music downloads or apps downloads, so, your mileage may vary depending on your usage. I add videos and/or music from my computer directly to the phone via micro-SD card. Anyway ...All in all, for the price (around $225 at the time), this is a great deal! An excellent, solidly-built phone, a superior screen and keyboard, trackpad (rather than trackball), and, great call reception and quality - this is, after all, a mobile phone.  I like this phone so much, in fact, that I bought a second for international travel, the E63-1 with 3G for 'the rest of the world.'