First, I have to say that this phone is great.  I have had a Galaxy S3/Galaxy S4/Note 2 and I prefer this phone over both.  The LG Skin over Android is actually pretty good and some of the added LG features will make me consider LG over other phones in the future.Look and Feel:The Optimus G Pro feels like a sturdy, well-made device.  It is comfortable to hold, although some people may be turned off by the weight.  This phone has a little weight to it, but it comes to be expected with such a large display. Many people will see this phone and think it is a completely Note II ripoff.  I will say that LG did lend a good bit of their design from the Note 2, but LG improved in areas that Samsung was falling short.  The Optimus G Pro is just a slight bit more narrow than the Note 2...and it makes all the difference.  This phone is much easier to hold.The button placement is a little interesting.  The volume key is on the left side of the phone and in the middle.  The top left key is almost a shortcut key that can be assigned to a particular app.  While this key is helpful, I would prefer the volume to be in a familiar location.  The other oddity to the button placement is the back/menu capacitive keys.  They are flipped from what many people are used to in the Galaxy series.  It took a few hours to train myself of this change, but it was off-putting for a moment.Speed:This phone is crazy fast.  Menu navigation and app launching are extremely smooth.  The quad-core processor is a definite plus.  This phone also has 2GB of memory.  This, along with the processor makes apps run very nice.Storage:The phone comes with 32Gb of internal storage.  With a SD card, you can expand to an additional 64Gb.  I love the SD card feature on phones and I doubt I will buy another phone without one.Camera:With a 13 MegaPixel camera, pictures come out very clear and detailed.  While I did not do a ton of low-light testing, the results were adequate for my needs.Screen:5.5 is a very large screen.  For most, you will not be able to touch all points on the screen with one hand.  LG (similarly to Samsung) has added "One-Handed" features that shift the keyboard to the left/right to make one-handed operation much easier.  I do not have a problem with any of these things because I was in the market for a phone in this size range.Battery Life:I am a heavy user of a phone.  I have two emails accounts that sync, I play games, check facebook, etc.  My screentime is usually over 3 hrs.  By the time I go to bed, I usually have around 50-60 percent battery left.  LG has done a great job in this department.  No complaints here.Extras:One thing that I have NEVER seen mentioned in a review is WIRELESS CHARGING.  I love this feature.  This phone comes ready to do Qi charging.  You can buy the charging plates off of amazon/ebay for under $50.  This was a pleasant surprise when I got the phone.  Luckily, I already had a charging plate and I can use it.Shortcomings:I would say my only gripe with the phone would be the button placement for volume and the shortcut key.Overall:It is unfortunate that this phone is only on ATT.  The marketing behind this phone is almost non-existent, but I would put this phone head to head with the Samsung phones any day.  Also, you cant beat the price.  On Amazon this phone is going for 49.99, but ATT has the phone for "free" if you trade in your old phone.If you are in the market for this size of device, GET IT.