Had this baby for 2 weeks now and it is great, highly recommended if you like this kind of form factor. I've had (touch wood) none of the software problems other posters have listed such as random reboots or freezes, but I keep 3rd party apps to a minimum, so maybe that's got a lot to do with it. Love it so far. Here are some pros and cons:PROS:-- amazing battery life. With light-moderate use this lasts over 3 days. Really.-- keyboard is a dream to type on. I've used BBs in the past, this is nicer. Much nicer.-- Screen is bright and clear. The pixels per inch are equal to Iphone 4, so you can imagine how great pics look on this. Sure it's a smaller screen, but the density is just superb.-- preloaded apps are good, especially Nokia Maps. Maps can be searched and used OFFLINE, so if you're in the subway train or even a different country and data is either non-available or very expensive, you can still use the amazing Maps app for free. Indispensable. Quickoffice is great too.-- Call quality is second to none, but then again, this is a Nokia.-- The combo of qwerty + touchscreen is just perfect, very easy to use and very enjoyable too.-- 2 option to charge, either 2mm old school plug or new micro USB plug.-- on-the-go usb option to use a usb stick to transfer files.-- small, sleek, lightweight and screen is Gorilla Glass, so scratch resistant and very clear.-- Symbian Anna is much better than Symbian^3, it's quicker and snappier and has a few improved features. Symbian Belle will be available for the E6 soon too, improving the UI even more - can't wait for that!CONS:-- apps are not in abundance. The Nokia Store (was Ovi) has fewer apps than their other phones because of the different screen size of the E6. You can get Angry Birds Rio, but not Seasons. You can't get OpenTable. The ones that are available are a bit naff. Hopefully this will change soon.-- email can be a bit choppy. Yahoo simply refuses to refresh sometimes, then it will cascade emails from 2 days ago and overwhelm you. Mail for Exchange is much better though.--  notifications are poor. The led light around the D-pad is so dim it might as well not be there, and the onscreen notifications are zero in standby. Nokia Sleeping Screen (excellent on the N8 and E7) is incompatible with this type of screen so you're stuck with a plain, black screen all the time. If you press the d-pad button you get a 'screensaver' with clock and missed calls and texts, but it's annoying not to be able to glance at the phone and see if anything has been missed. This is by far the E6's biggest let down.-- camera is not auto-focus, so while it takes excellent shots outdoors or with good light, no close ups. None. It's just a blurry mess.Overall:An absolutely wonderful phone to use for typing texts/emails/documents and the battery life is great. It's thin and light and looks great with the silicone case that Nokia make, the CC-1016 - don't get a cheap 3rd party one, the official Nokia ones fit their phones SO much better.Highly recommended if you are not a touchscreen-only person. Thumbs up!***** UPDATE! 11/3/2011:  I've been in contact with a Nokia employee who says Nokia are aware of the D-Pad light problem, and soon they will offer to change it out in Nokia Care Centers around the US for free, as long as the E6 is within warranty. Could be good. Still loving the E6!