6 Month Review - Update (12/21/09)I've had this phone for just about 6 mos now and now I'm ready to write a final review.There are plenty of comprehensive reviews already on the internet for this phone, so I am going to give a short and sweet real-life review of this phone about things care about the most:Reception:  My old phone had 0-3 bars throughout my house with frequent dropped calls.  This phone has 4-5 bars constantly and never drops a call (both with same carrier).  Nokia phones are rightfully famous for having the best reception and you will not have reception problems as long as coverage is available in your area.  AT&T; doesn't have the best reception everywhere and don't blame the phone but the carrier if you aren't getting reception.  AT&T; suffers badly underground, between lots of tall buildings and in many rural areas.Battery Life:  If you are playing music, watching movies, using data/bluetooth, and other battery draining tasks...don't expect for it to last more than 3-4 hours.  But if you do some data, some multimedia, some texting and about an hour of voice a day...the battery can last about 3 days.  If you are a casual user, it can last you a week.  Spare batteries are about $15 on ebay, just buy an extra one and swap out when needed.  Additional travel and car chargers are awfully cheap too...around $5.  Even though the battery cell is made in china, it is high quality.Software:  Symbian S60 interface isn't the best, but it's powerful and you have good multi-tasking capabilities, unlike many other smartphones.  There are lots of apps out there, although not may too many good free ones.  Nokia's Ovi App Store is live now and this phone connects to it just fine.  Recently a Facebook app became available (a lot worse than iphone version), still no Yelp app, and no official Twitter app (but the freeware TweetS60 and other not-free apps like Twibble are nice).  It comes with just Tiger Woods Golf for gaming but many Soduku, Bejeweled, Chess, etc games are available.The built-in browser leaves a lot of features to be desired (but it is a full web browser) but pages that don't work so well, works fine in Opera Mini or Mobile.  A limited version of Flash is included.Keyboard/Features:  The keyboard (also found on the E71) is the best among all smartphones IMO.  I've used the Blackberry Curve 8900, and this Nokia phone is much easier to type on.  It's predictive text feature makes sending e-mails a cinch and the Push e-mail works well with gmail and hotmail.  This phone lacks GPS, but A-GPS through Google Maps is adequate for most.Screen:  Not quite as good as the Blackberry Curve 8900, but still great.  Display is crisp for all uses and Youtube videos come out respectfully.  Hopefully Nokia soon offers OLED models.Etc:  Wi-Fi works great (far better wi-fi reception than the Curve 8900), this phone supports AT&T; 3G (Curve 8900 only supports EDGE) and downloads are speedy on both.  It does not support 3.5G that the Nokia E71x and Blackberry Bold supports.What is Bad?:  Phone occasionally crashes and reboots (largely fixed with newer firmware), built-in camera is lousy in quality but functional, no side volume control button, Lack of free apps available on Nokia Ovi Store.  Lot of people have said Nokia tech support sucks, but I have never needed to call or write them.This phone is A-Okay!The recently available 4.0 firmware upgrade adds a brand new version of Nokia Mail (which makes it much more comparable to blackberry e-mail), and comes with Chat (which allows you to use Google Chat, Ovi Chat, MSN Messaging and Yahoo IM (but no AOL Instant Messenger).  Push e-mail can be spotty at times (but mostly due to AT&T; Packet Data dying from time to time).  This firmware has also resolved most issues with phone freezing or rebooting by itself and works faster.  Recent updates to Google Maps and Opera Mini will enhance the device's capabilities.  Nokia is good about upgrading firmware periodically.  Unlike iPhone, upgrading the firmware will delete your entire phone, so you do need to do a complete back-up.