In terms of price/performance this one is off the charts.  It completes nicely with phones costing 3x as much.  If you are looking for a high quality low price phone this is it. If this phone has weaknesses, I had to search hard to find them.  I will get to the cons in a minute but this is a well thought out well constructed phone.First off, I will say that I use an iPhone 4S as a business phone.  I am an IT professional and have used blackberry and droid phones and have touched many different devices so I have quite a bit of experience with what is out there.  While I like the iPhone ok, I wanted something different then everyone else and heard great things about the new Windows 8 phones and decided to give them a try.  I don't want to spend a bunch on a phone because I swap my phone out every year and have T-mobile's no contract family plan.  My old phone gets passed down to my kids.  My personal phone was a Sammy.  I like the flexibility of the Android phones vs the iPhone but I don't like the Android apps that much.  I used the Mango platform WP 7.5 and decided to try WP 8 and see if the hype is warranted.  Ok on to the pros and cons.Pros: 1) The Windows tiles look great compared to the very plain looking iPhone square icons. 2)The installed phone apps are much more useful to me then the pre-installed iPhone apps. 2)  The offline feature of the Nokia maps are very cool. 3) Most of the time I am near a WiFi connection so the Nokia phone makes it very easy to connect to WiFi and use only Wifi unless that is unavailable.  You can also use WiFi calling on the phone.  This can really help on keeping your bill down. 3)The device is small and easy to hold yet large enough to be useful.  I love the size of it.  The iPhone is a bit too wide for my taste. 4) Navigation on the phone is super easy. WP8 is far superior to IOS here.  It is a very easy phone to pick up and use out of the box. 5) When I connected the device to my Windows 7 computer, it recognized it right away and suggested the phone app to download and Windows got my phone hooked up to my computer very painlessly.  Going with all Windows certainly has an advantage here. 6) Price.  This is simply the best value out there.  There is no way you can get something even close to this capable phone for even twice the price. 7) easily connected to my Blue Tooth headset something my iPhone refused to do.  It easily connected to Wifi. It is just very simple to set up. 8) hooks up easily to the cloud to store files and backup your phone.  Skydrive is a big plus.  There phone backup utility is fantastic. 8) I like the music app much better than the one on the iPhone. 7) very snappy performanceCons: 1) Screen resolution isn't bad but could be better. 2) Speaker sound is better on the iPhone but again not bad. 3) Phone case is a bit plasticy. 4) Camera has no flash but not a big deal for me.Looks like Nokia and Microsoft have knocked it out of the park with this phone.  Sure there are better phones out there but at this price there is nothing.  It is hard to believe that Apple charges $600 for a phone that just isn't significantly better then this one.  No doubt to me that the hardware on the iPhone is superior but I can buy 4 of these of that same cost.  In terms of ease of use the iPhone has nothing over this one.  The iPhone has the best app collection out there but it has been around awhile.  I like being different in a world crowded with Sammy and Apple phones.  I would have given it a 5 star except that you can see how Nokia tried to shave costs to get the price down but in terms of value I would give this 6 stars.