I purchased this phone with Cingular service two months ago and I have really liked the Bluetooth and Calendar features.The form factor is great and easily slips in a pocket. It is smaller than my old flip phone and does not have any antenna to poke out.  I'm a bit concerned that the screen will get scratched over the years.I use Microsoft Outlook on my work ThinkPad which has built in Bluetooth.  Once I figured out that you configure the bluetooth as a serial device, I can now sync my contacts, calendar and task list with my phone.  This has allowed me to ditch my Palm and still have reminders for all my meetings.  The phone has a distinct ring as a meeting reminder.  It is a bit of a pain to add a meeting or task to the system, I'm not very fast entering text using the key pad, so I mostly use it as a read-only device.I have configured and used the wireless internet, it was a pain to setup and Cingular was no help.  I eventually found instructions on someone's personal web site.  I do not see myself using the web directly through the phone more that once in a great while.  The WAP browser is so limiting, every password you type takes a minute to enter via the key pad and the amount of info on the screen is tiny.  But if you need to check a flight status or movie schedule, you can if you are patient.I have a bluetooth IPAQ on order which may pair with the phone to make an acceptable browser, email platform.  The main capability I want is to be able to pull up an occasional email, the phone allows this in theory but sifting through my huge volume of email (50-60 per day) to find the ones of interest on that little screen is not practical.The reception works seems about as good as any other phone.I don't have any problem hearing but I understand the complaints that others have, the phone is so small that when the phone is up to your ear the microphone is against your cheek.The camera is very limited but it entertains my kids (I did not really want a camera phone so I don't care much about the quality).I have played with voice dialing and it works but is tedious to set up and I always feel stupid talking to the machine in public but in the car it is handy to call home without searching through the menus.One complaint is that whenever I drop the phone, it has fallen out of my shirt pocket a few times, the SIM gets dislodged and a message appears telling me that the SIM has dislodged "turn the phone off and on" but it won't let me power down the phone so I need to remove the battery to reset it.  The good news is the fall does not seem to damage the phone and once I reset it, everything works as normal (no data is lost).Some day I hope to have time wo write some JAVA utilities for the phone.  I'm a software engineer by trade.  Ericsson apears to be very open in allowing others to write tools for the phone.  You can download all of the developers kits from their site.  I beleive most other phones lock the average user out by charging for the info or by "locking" the phone to "uncertified utilities".  Even if you never plan to write your own software, I would not be supprised to see a large number of free applets come out for this phone over the next year based on the open-ness of the system.Pros:Good form factorBlue tooth is very handy for connecting to a computerSyncs well with outlookOpen programmes interfaceCons:A pain to set up for wireless data and bluetooth syncing.Open screen may scratchLimited web browsing support (more a function of all WAP phones)Needs the battery removed each time you drop it.