I won't bother going over all the glowing reviews about the phone, as they're all true. The one question that I had, and the one trepidation that I had about buying an unlocked phone, was whether I would have problems at the carrier. I live in Sacramento, CA and have AT&T; and took it into the store and had absolutely NO PROBLEM AT ALL. In fact, I could hardly get out of the place as every rep wanted to play with it. It works like a champ and the 4G works fabulously too.I saw one review where someone didn't like the home button; this is the sole reason that I bought this one. The carrier versions will not have it, which I think is a shame. It's great to have that home button front and center and easily accessible.As for the size, this is much smaller than the AT&T; Infuse 4G and just a little bigger than the iPhone 4. It's a great size because you can hold it and do one-handed functions with it that the big assed Infuse made impossible, unless you have extra long fingers.HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!Update: The new hardware improvement that Samsung did for the Microsoft Exchange Server is sweet, as well. Finally, an Android phone that plays well with MS Exchange. I was always frustrated with the lag time from reviewing emails to show up as such on the server, a problem that I never had with the iPhone. Well, it's still not as good as the iPhone, but it's sure better than any other Android that I've tried to date.I just unearthed a sweet nugget: The WiFi hot spot works, with no configuration other than turning it on!! I was powering my iPad at 4G speed. Because there's no carrier bloatware, and nothing is locked down by the carrier's build of the software, everything just works. I still have not been able to get Samsung Kies to work to update my software, but mine came with Android Gingerbread 2.3.4 installed, which I think is the latest anyway.Update: Almost 3 weeks and am loving this phone more than ever. I'm not even the least bit excited about the iPhone 5 coming because it's not going to have a lot that this one doesn't already have. I just got Samsung Kies to work, FINALLY, and was able to get the Android OS software updated to 2.3.5.This phone has no bugs, irritations, nothing, just pure goodness so far. As one of the reviewers commented about the lag when you first wake the phone, but it's such small potatoes to the overall incredible ability of this phone that I don't even count it as a negative. This is the first android phone that I'm not sending back.Oct 12, 2011Still loving the phone. I still have not experienced any problems whatsoever and am getting updates through Samsung Kies. If you're having problems with getting Kies to recognize your phone on your PC, here's how I accomplished it. I went through @#%@#@%$ and back trying to accomplish this and did everything that I could find on the internet to accomplish this, but nothing worked, but this did:Turn off USB debugging from Settings/Applications/Development (if you're using it)Go into USB Settings in Wireless/Networks/USB Utilities and click Connect Storage to PC....it will say Connect to USB.Connect and mount phone's memory, both internal and external.Once it shows up on your computer, dismount from computer by going to your PC tray (where the clock is) and clicking "Safely Remove Hardware" and eject Android device.Go to the Notifications area of your phone (dragging down from the top of the screen) and it will then show in notifications " USB Connected MTP-Initialization"If for some reason it doesn't say that, disconnect the phone from the USB and reconnect it without mounting the storage. It should now say MTP-Initialization.Open KiesOnce connected, it's fairly self-explanatory and you can do a lot with your phone with this program, most importantly, update the Android software.