I _want_ to love this phone. I'm coming from an android (galaxy S2), and I got more and more frustrated with it. It started having hardware issue (couldn't locate itself for maps...) and software issues (it suddenly couldn't create a blacklist for incoming calls, stopped being able to sync with my computer, started running slower with each patch, randomly deciding to turn itself off while it was in my pocket). I wanted something different. Also, Android, as an OS, never really spoke to me.I like the touch and feel of the windows phone. I like the graphical style, I like the flow between the pages, I like the concept of the active tiles.So I bought it.And... I discovered a host of little things that disappoint me:I can't rename or recolor individual active tiles; I don't get to have "personal email" and "work email", I'm stuck with "google mail" and "google mail 2". Small thing, but stupid that it's not customizable.A couple of the apps that I used most aren't available, and won't ever be, because they're used to access "adult" sites. I can use the browser (which seem to be pretty nice so far), but I find this ridiculous. (If I can browse to any site, including p***hub, what's the point on stopping specific apps?)I use gmail. Most of my friends use gmail. When I moved to this phone, I lost gchat, including video gchat (I'm using IM+, but it seems to lose server connection every now and then), and that nifty new gmail feature that separate incoming mail as Primary, Social, and Promotions (all because of the google / microsoft war).Speaking of email, I can set my phone to check for mail up to every 15 minutes. I'm not sure, but it certainly seems that my android checked for gmail continuously. (Anyone know for sure?)Other things:Even the official apps seem a wee bit wonky. The Pandora app is really beautiful, and shows the current song on the lock page. But yesterday it simply stopped in the middle of a song, and I had to reconnect the station. Erm?The kindle app failed to sync when I opened my current book. The next time I opened it, it opened to a blank page. I had to go forward several pages and then back to actually be able to see text.On the galaxy, voice supported turn by turn navigation was supplied free out of the box. The cheapest one on the Windows phone is, um, $9? Trivial when compared to total cost of ownership, yet a little annoying.All that being said, I still like this phone, mainly because of the feel of the user interface. It feels less like an OS with a bunch of Apps stuck on top of it, and more like a cohesive unit. I need to decide in the next week or so if I'm going to keep it. I don't know yet.Update: After a week, I sent it back. Once again Pandora just stopped during playback (and I had to restart the app); the you tube app wouldn't work consistently (clicking it, it would look like it would start, then I'd be on the Tiles screen again), and Fandango wouldn't accept my zip code. I love the feel of the phone, both the OS and the physical, but I just can't imagine trying to use it for two years. I'm not a power user, but I want the things that I like to work cleanly and seamlessly. And they don't.