I will never give up this flip phone from VM. I have a smart phone too but but i only use it now to download free music where there is free or open wi-fi to my sd card. I am going to tell you why I love my Samsung Mantra. It is so easy to text and I can do it with just one hand. With the android I had to use two hands or if if i tried to text with one hand i would occasionally make typing mistakes which i had to correct before sending. Besides smart phones suck battery life so fast that you have to take your charger with you. There are battery apps that might work but i have no battery issues with my Mantra. I suggest, however, to buy an extra battery for it(quite cheap here on Amazon to charge and take on the go) if needed. I text more that I talk so I never really had to take my charger with me. I love how "loud" the Samsung Mantra vibrates. You can feel it vibrate when it is in your pocket and you can hear it as well. Never miss that important text on a bus, a Madonna concert or in a busy work environment.  Just change your settings to "reminder" for voice and text messages. With some phones you do not feel it vibrate when it is in your pocket. Android phones usually come with a wacko messaging app and you have to find one on Google Play(Go sms pro) that has better features such as a vibrating feature. You can use an affordable samsung or bolt blue tooth with Samsung Mantra. The voice is crisp and clear in the ear piece. There are also voice commands on the Samsung Mantra but I rarely use them. There is also a shortcut installed to FaceBook and My Space on the Samsung Mantra. Voice calls are clear and depending on your volume settings the phone rings quite loud!You can also download ringtones for a price on the VM site right from your phone. I suggest the current $40 plan for unlimited talk and text and 50 mb of internet use. I have a computer at home as well so this plan is just right for me. When I first bought this phone it was $29.99 about 3 years ago and then it was reduced to $9.99 at certain retailers and at the VM website. This phone is no longer in stock. I do not believe that they manufacturer it anymore.  Do not get ripped off! I have seen it on a certain popular website where a seller is selling it for $85.00 For me this phone is just perfect. The vibrating feature is perhaps the ultimate reason why i love it so. I cannot have my ringer on while working at work and i do not want to miss that important call whether it be from my Mom or that important text message!Ps: you can download wall papers, live ringtones and check email also with this phone!