I live way out in the hills of Colorado, and my old Verizon phone I had would sometimes show service but could rarely complete a call. The Verizon phone was part of a family plan, but with a change in the plan the cost for my simple flip-phone went from $10/month up to $35. Since I was only using about 100 minutes per month and very rarely text, that was way too much to pay. So after much research, I got this combo deal which came with the phone (software version V10e) and a 400 minute / 1 year service card. With triple minutes it comes out to 1200 minutes. Shopcelldeals even threw a pink and a black silicone skin for the phone, and I got it 3 days after I ordered it (it was shipped via USPS Priority).When I activated the phone online it gave me 60 days of service and 20 minutes to test it out. When I activated the 400 minute card I also entered a promo code that I found prominently shown on Tracfone's website, and that gave me 250 more minutes. So for about $85 including shipping, I got a pretty nice phone, 14 months of service, and 1450 minutes. That works out to just over $7/month or 1/5 the cost of Verizon!I called Tracfone's support breifly to ask them how I would go about porting my old number, and they were helpful and told me what I needed to gather together before calling back or doing it online. The next day, which was Saturday, I entered the information online and within 2 hours had a text that my number had been ported, even though they said they'd have to send me a new SIM card to complete the port. A quick call from my landline confirmed that it had in fact worked.I'm upgrading from a simple flip-phone, and would have preferred another flip phone, but this deal was just too good to pass up. I use an iPod Touch for most smart-phone type features (texting, email, calendar, GPS, facebook, etc). So I didn't need all those features on my phone. The only thing that I wanted a touch-screen phone for was to have a qwerty keyboard for occasional texting.The phone seems to work really well. People I've called told me they thought I was calling from a landline. It does lose service sometimes and tell me Emergency Calls Only, but then service will be back a minute or so later. Like I say, I'm way out here in an area they don't even claim to have service (they say they have no service for my whole zip code), so it is better than expected. The phone uses AT&T; towers, and in my area that is the best option, even though Tracfone's site shows CDMA as having better coverage.So far, the only complaints I have with the phone are:1. The on-screen QWERTY keyboard is only available when composing a text. Try adding a contact and you're back to the alphanumeric keypad.2. The screen takes a little getting used to. I find it is a little hard to hit the right buttons especially when scrolling through contacts, etc. It isn't bad, but not quite as nice as my iPod Touch.3. When you're on a call and need to enter other numbers it takes a few seconds to get back to a keypad. That can be a bit annoying if you're used to a flip-phone.4. The top button instantly unlocks the phone, whereas the other buttons require you to hold the unlock button for a second. Don't know how likely it is, but if you bump the top button and then the send button twice, you'd end up butt-calling the last person.I bought this package because it was cheaper than just buying a 1 year/400 minute card and figured if the phone was really bad I could always pick up another model and transfer my number and minutes over. But overall I'm pretty happy with the phone so far.