The A777 my company gave me doesn't shine in any particular category, it's a functional slider in a nice form factor.  It's not a particularly friendly phone for text messaging, though. Here are the primary reasons I would not recommend this phone to anyone: * I find myself asking people to repeat themselves more than with my previous GSM phone. * The sliding mechanism is somewhat fragile.  I've had mine for a month, and it's already wiggling/loose.  I had my previous clamshell phone for over three years, and it was still like new, aside for some cosmetic scratches. * The phone's text message inbox is limited to a paltry 255 messages.  Regardless of how much memory those messages require (up to the phone's memory limit), the phone will stop receiving messages once that number limit is reached, until some or all messages are deleted. * The phone's T9 dictionary cannot be edited.  This has been confirmed by Samsung in their online support forum.  Once you add a word, it's there for good, unless you perform a full reset on the phone.  Better hope you don't accidentally add a misspelled word! * Words added to the T9 dictionary take priority over existing textonyms.  Now when I try to enter the word "He", I get a rarely-used acronym I added ("I3") and I have to cycle through to the much more common word "He".  Oops, even correctly spelled words or acronyms can easily become a hinderance, once they are added to the dictionary. * T9 cycling is one-way.  That is, there is a "next" button only, no "previous" button.  So if you miss a word on the first cycle through, you have to continue cycling through all of the textonyms until you get to the right one again.  It's easy to miss more than once. * The "Spell" option for spelling out a word that isn't recognized with T9 only appears on the last T9 option.  If you accidentally "next" through the last T9 word, the "Spell" option disappears until you cycle back to it.  My previous phone left it available after cycling through all T9 textonyms, it's a feature I miss. * The A777's shortcuts are only partially customizable, to these options: None, My Stuff, MEdia Mall, Address Book, Recent Calls, Create New Message, Mobile Email, Inbox, IM, Music Player, Wallpaper, Ringtone, Calendar, Tasks, Bluetooth, Record Audio, Converter, Settings, Alarms, World Time, Calculator, Games and Apps, Security.  For example, one can't assign the phone's stopwatch, timer, or audio recorder to a shortcut key.  The phone's custom main menu is even less customizable. * The A777's center (main) button is not customizable.  Accidentally press it when opening the phone, and the phone immediately launches Java to connect to att.net.  It's very easy to do and takes an annoying few seconds to cancel out of the process. * Samsung's PC Studio 3 software (used to manage data and messages on the phone) is very limited, especially with regard to text messages.  For example, one can only copy or move Inbox, Draft, or Outbox text messages to the PC, and only within PC Studio.  They are saved to an MS Access database file (.MDB) on the PC, which may allow them to be exported, but there is no built-in way to export them to a standard data file format, not even to plaintext.  Sent messages cannot be copied or moved to a PC at all, via Samsung's PC Studio.  They can be printed, so printing them to a file might work, but that does not preserve the original data or text message format.  If you want to save your text messaging history before clearing the phone's limited messaging space for further use, it's very difficult to do so.Some of these limitations might not be present on unlocked phones (mine is AT&T; branded, and probably not fully unlocked), but there's no getting around many of them.  I wouldn't recommend this phone for anyone, there are better, more friendly options out there for the same price.