Lg E900 Windows 7 Black Unlocked 16GB HD CAMERA 5MP Optimus 7I purchased this phone through HassleFreeCell a month ago. This is a review of the overall experience and not just of the phone.1. Seller: Excellant. Ordered the phone a thurday, and phone reached on Saturday (all the way to west coast from NY). That was prety impressive.2. Using phone with ATT. I had a prepaid ATT connection, and my exisintg SIM which worked on a feature phone wasn't detected by the new phone. (The sim had a gophone label on it). Initially, I thought this was because of a hardware problem in the LG optimus, and got in touch with the customer service at Hasslefree who confirmed that the phone was indeed unlocked. Meanwhile, at work, I tried one of my friend's SIM card, and it was detected by the phone. Long story short, I went to an ATT store, and get a new prepaid SIM, which was detected.Since I was keen on not using a data plan, I was able to turn off ATT's data connection on the phone, and so far, the phone hasn't sent out any data packets on the wire through ATT network (saving me money).Meanwhile, the phone was setup to use the WIFI at home and work, and data transfers over WIFI work seemlessly. Main usage - browsing and outlook sync.3. Voice quality: It works. Nothing great or nothing terribly bad about it.4. Package: Everything in the box was in sealed plastic covers except for the headphones which was in a tiny zip lock bag. One of the in-ear buds looked used as well. I'm not sure whom to blame for this. Anyways, there were additional ear buds of smaller size which fits my ear, I chose to ignore this issue.5. Phone Restarts while plugging in the head-phone / car audio connector. This by far has been my major issue with the phone. I'd planned to use my phone as a proper Mp3 player to take along while running, but this defect has terribly hindered the plan. The issue happens randomly, and my guess is that something is getting shorted  when the audio jack is inserted in the device causing it to restart.6. OS:  Coming from a feature phone background, it took a little while to get used to a new smartphone OS. Changing to speaker phone was a direct option in the screen in my old phone, but in Win Phone 7 OS, It needs two clicks (since the menu is hidden by default). It took some time as well to figure this out, since this menu is visible only when a call is on (expected), but the focus while calling is to talk, and not to figure out the phone controls. ==> New V1 OS, so not everything is intuitive.Summary:I got what I paid for ( 275$  for a smartphone is not too bad ). However, I doubt whether the phone will last 3 years. (My old LG feature phone is still working well even after 3 years of rough use, being dropped many times etc).I like the fact that I can check my office exchange E-mails via outlook (when I'm at home), This is something which works well all the time. Calender and mails were the main reasons I got a smartphone, and these two works reliably.Battery Life: I still haven't able to judge how long the battery last, sometimes a day, sometimes 3 days, and the usage patters were pretty similar all the time. This is something which I need to figure out.Responsive UI. The reason why I didn't pick an unlocked Nokia was this. The phone has decent procesor and built memory (both RAM and disk space) So, its very responsive while switching from one application to other.Other Hardware: Flaky. Connecting ear phone is the worst thing you can do to this phone. Volume automatically goes down to 0, phone restarts, etc happen in my phone when the ear phone is plugged in.WIFI: good. Even though either the OS or firmware has a weirdness when it connects to wifi. It refuses to connect to the wireless router if the internet connection is unavailable, and gives an unhelpful error code saying password is incorrect. All the other wireless devices connect just fine, yes, we're unable to browse, which is expected, but this phone does something beyond just connecting to router.I've never used a Iphone or android, so I cant compare this with the other phones in the league.