Months later, I ask myself, why did I pick this phone and get so wrapped in figuring out how to tweak it until it finally worked like I want?  I guess I just like solving puzzles and taking things apart.Initially, I was mainly looking for a phone with a full QWERTY keyboard, not a touchscreen keyboard, which I hate, that could do Wifi without requiring a data plan with my cellphone carrier (AT&T;).  So many of the full keyboard cellphones nowadays have Wifi, but will not allow you to do Wifi without also having a data subscription.The C3-00 fulfills these requirements.  The biggest downside to this phone is that Nokia has pretty much abandoned all further support for this phone and its old Symbian operating system.  That means no easy way to get the apps you need to do simple things like blocking certain incoming phone numbers.However, because this is a simple, basic, and slightly smart phone (think of it as a C-minus level smartphone), that has been out for some time, the phone is relatively cheap to buy and use, and numerous tweaks are out there posted on the internet that allow you to tweak it.  If you do want a data plan through AT&T; for example, this costs only $10 a month, as the phone uses the older slower GPRS/EDGE  data network.The phone also takes up to a 16Gb micro-SDHC chip to play your music  and store your photos for the 2MB camera (you need the latest firmware, earlier firmware versions only supported 8GB).  It will play MP4s by the way (my son figured this part out).Having said all that, the next thing that has to be said is:  BUYER BEWARE!  There are several DIFFERENT versions of this phone!  I have purchased around 10 of these phones now (one has failed).  Here are the versions I have encountered and what can or needs to  be done to fix them:1.  Regular American/Western standard English QWERTY keyboard.  May come locked or unlocked.  Found on Ebay, AliExpress, etc.  Firmware level highly variable from the  6.-- series on up to 8.70.  RM614  8.71 is the last Nokia firmware update, but there is no American or European version.  The closest you get is the English language Australian/New Zealand/Singapore English QWERTY firmware which works fine.  If you are lucky, you will get one of these with this 8.71 firmware.  Depending on the firmware  level, this type of phone is the closest you can get to having a ready-to-go phone that needs minimal programming/hacking to work properly.2. English QWERTY keyboard with (usually) 8.71 international firmware of unknown type with  non-English characters (Cyrillic?)  for certain of the uppercase keyboard buttons which do NOT correspond to what is on the keyboard.  These phones need to be re-flashed with the English QWERTY 8.71 firmware (see above) to work properly.3. Partial QWERTY keyboard with (usually) 8.71 international firmware of unknown type.  The uppercase keyboard buttons for certain buttons are blank.  These uppercase buttons will generate the same set of non-English characters as type #2.  These phones need re-flashing of the firmware and a replacement full-set English QWERTY keyboard.  As of this writing, these keyboards can be found on Ebay and elsewhere, and there is a Youtube video that shows you how to take your phone apart to replace the keyboard (need a T4 or T5 Torx screwdriver)4. Cyrillic version QWERTY keyboard with same 8.71 international firmware.  Same fixes needed as type #3.5.  AT&T; Go-phone.  These have a dark blue body and silver keyboard.  Comes with 3.63 firmware WITHOUT WIFI!!!  These were sold really cheap for a time by Walmart, and are now often found on Ebay and elsewhere.  Re-flashing the firmware to 8.70, 8.71, whatever, will place a Wifi soft key on this phone, and allow it to seek out and identify nearby Wifi hotspots.  This indicates that these phones do indeed still have the Wifi chip in them.  However, the MAC addresses of these Go-phones have been wiped out and set to ZERO, meaning that the cellphone WILL NOT CONNECT EVER TO ANY WIFI SOURCES!!!  So far, I have not discovered any hacked software out there that will allow you to reflash a MAC address onto the Wifi chip on this cellphone.  So these AT&T; Go-phones have very effectively had their Wifi permanently castrated by Nokia, most likely at the behest of AT&T;, to force users to use an AT&T; data plan.In regards to re-flashing the firmware:1.  Get the cracked Phoenix Software.  Need a good quality micro USB cable to connect to your PC computer.  See Commentary section below for websites where you can download this software and instructions for how to use it.  The original genuine version required a dongle, so you need the cracked version(s).  Phoenix WILL NOT WORK on 64-bit Windows 7!!  It will work on 32-bit Windows XP and Windows 7.  For those of you righteous legal purists, know that Phoenix Software is a now defunct software no longer being sold or supported, and so the cracked version is not defrauding anybody of their rightful profits.2.  Some sites still tell you to download the Navifirm software to get the latest firmware from Nokia.  Well, Nokia shut down their website for the Navifirm software in early-mid 2013, so forget about using Navifirm.  See Commentary section below for best websites currently to get the last firmware version 8.71.Other reviews have already discussed how to get the phone set up properly to send MMS Multimedia text messages.  Go to the Commentary section below for a full update on the details.  One KEY FACT not mentioned by other reviewers so far is that you need to ALSO change the IMEI number with your cellphone carrier in order to get the Multimedia text messaging to work.Also in the Commentary section is a website description of how to get the Wifi to work.Onwards, to the Commentary section ...