Let's just say that after working at Verizon for a while, that I have come to realize that their phones are pretty shoddy compared to Sprint's.While Sprint's total coverage area of america isn't as good as Verizon's, we're here to talk about phones rather than service (although i could argue for Sprint's superiority)...So after going Sprint, I saw this phone and saw the price. At first I thought I was seeing things, because a feature-equivalent Verizon Wireless phone would sell for easily one hundred more dollars. Well, after the initial shock, I did some research on this little phone, and after purchasing it, verified some things...Incredible battery life (advertised as 3.5 hours talk time, 12 DAYS standby); although I haven't tested these numbers, I've had this puppy on for a long time and have yet to go under two out of three bars of battery life!Compact and lightweight...It's a LITTLE smaller than most phones I've encountered, yet the buttons are not too close together at all for someone with big fingers, nor is the screen too small for people who cannot see well.Nice looking to boot! Definitely the nicest looking phone I've seen in a while (only one that maybe compares is the LG VX6000). It's sleek, and the blue looks really sharp both up close and far away.Now onto the best parts...The features!Ready link...Not that I use it, but it's great to have such a thing included if I ever decide to go ready link.Speakerphone! One of the nicest features about the phone, the speakerphone is VERY loud compared to other phones I have used, and as far as I've been told, I sound pretty decent from my end.Camera...Has a flash, zoom capabilities, the ability to send picture mail, link a photo to a caller ID (so you see the photo when a particular person calls), etc etc. It's got all the camera features you'll ever need!Quality of sound...I don't know what other reviewers are talking about, because whether I'm using my plantronics headset, using the speakerphone, or just talking normally, everyone sounds crystal clear! Very rarely will you get some distortion in the way the person sounds, but that may just be a result of the service and not the phone itself. In fact, I would say that is likely.Key layout...I couldn't rate this high enough! The speakerphone has a dedicated key, as does the camera. The buttons are all spaced out nicely and are big enough for those with big fingers. In terms of layout, this baby trumps all of the verizon phones I've ever used.Menu layout...Superb! Everything is easy to get to, and the most commonly used menu items (settings, downloads, messaging, and contacts) have one button shortcuts built into the phone! The menu itself is really nicely put together, with every setting put in the logical place (unlike many phones i've used, unfortunately).What complaints do I have about the phone?Sometimes the button on the side that's used to answer the phone is a little annoying. Why? Because if you just press it quickly, it'll mute the ring (which is a nice feature). But if you press it quickly, because you're not used to it yet, you'll be sitting there struggling to answer the phone. It's just something that needs some getting used to.I guess the only other thing I could possibly be disappointed about is that you can't have the date and your personalized 10ish-character greeting display on top of your custom background. You'll still see the time, battery life, service, etc, but not those two things. Why????? It should at least be an option to turn on/off.So..to summarize...It's the nicest/most reliable/most fun phone i've owned, scoring high in every category. Battery life A+, features A+, layout A+, aesthetics A+, sound quality A (would be a + if I could verify the distortion I SOMETIMES experience is a result of sprint, not the phone).Oh and one last thing: Unlike most phones you'll buy today, this one doesn't actually seem fragile; it has a very durable feel to it.To be cliched, go get this phone now!