The screen is good, very good .The first impression was very positive given how well you read the screen in bright sunlight . Bring a light sensor that changes the brightness according to ambient light . Thus, for example, the GPS changes colors from day to night every time you enter a tunnel.It is also very nice touch response of the screen , which is quite sensitive. Being a somewhat rare sensation of virtual buttons , since I have the LG the physical and am used to their hardness.The housing is nice but I always get the feeling that I will drop the phone , probably because it is not mine. The touch is soft , velvety and comfortable , with a phone to be used with your thumb.The set of applications including mobile, of itself , give an important competitive advantage .  The navigation software , which while a bit simpler still , fulfills all its features prominently . The GPS receiver is excellent and fast , especially if I compare it to the LG with two -year-old technology .  The map, with Google blocking native applications for Windows Phone 8 has left the door open for the excellent application provided by Nokia , is complete , accurate and also speaks directly to the browser. Being able to start navigating from either application .  The Nokia transportation, which is especially useful to use any means of public transport.It really is something to consider in the purchase decision : the quality and quantity of software that is part of the device in which , so far more than its direct competition.Multimedia , videos and photos with the 620.The first thing I want to highlight is the power take screenshots with the combination of power button plus the Windows button . Works on any screen interface and is a great advantage that includes Windows Phone 8 .The videos also deserve applause . At 720p , are quite stable and are obtained more than decent result , the level expected of a low average smartphone . During testing I was at a ski resort with a horrible time out , and was able to capture images and videos with white balance more than acceptable .The Dark SideBut be doing an infomercial if I did not share the things not so good or poor directly , but really not much to report.On the sides of the screen keyboard, touch sensitivity is lost and often , too , to write I have to be careful because not respond correctly to the key pressed. It's not an impediment , but I notice quite compared to the LG .Another thing that is not working properly, the light sensor in indoor environments . At least in the test unit , sometimes given by dim and bright refitting slow cycle but came to bother to watch , for example , pictures or videos. Commonly changing the angle of the phone is sufficient to stabilize at the proper brightness .For sharpening , headphones are rather normalillos brings . Therefore it is highly recommended to purchase a better quality , because the sound is pretty good. Also, if you board an internet music site like Grooveshark or Spotify - and a good rate data - you can listen to music streamed without interruption .The only concern was that failure on one occasion , in two weeks of testing , I get stuck in black . And I said as much as touched buttons and screen. I had to remove the cover and remove the battery for there to be physical shutdown and restart the phone , and everything returned to work perfectly at all other times .When the messenger of Nokia picked up the box that contained the phone , when leaving the office I went straight to a large area to see if there were any in stock of any carrier or free to acquire one.It really is a very good phone for the price it has quality , with a software library full and smooth operation of Windows Phone 8 certified applications in the Store.