Took me a while to had get this filled in since I had to send the Phone an extra step through getting into my hands.Phone's delivery was fast I should say, around 3-4 days from the Seller to the Forwarding company.The part wherein shipping from the Forwarding company to me was the dreadful thing. It took a while for the Forwarding company (JAC). The weather has currently, been bad here in the Philippines. I guess that's one of the reasons why it took almost 2 weeks to get it here.Let's get on with the Phone. It's my first Android Phone, I mean really. Not a big fan of high end phones, though I've had my fair experiences with the Apple part. The reason why I had to buy this phone was because of the Fact that it's cheap and it's a side slide qwerty keyboard phone.I was quite feeling vexed for the Phone while I was waiting for it. As I was reading reviews and such, I was anxious about the Phone, thinking that I might get a badly used phone. When the confirmation for pickup came, I had to rush off during lunch from the Office, picked up the Package and back. Once I opened the phone, I was surprised that the Phone is in a somehow great, condition. There were some minor things coming from the Phone like the Dent on the lower right side and some scratches on the bezel over the upper right. I guess the Phone took a fall on its side. The screen display state is great, the phone had a flimsy film covering the display when I got it, though it could've been placed by the Seller itself. I have no issues over the back cover.I've read a lot while waiting for the Phone. Issues like the Phone heats up over the lower back portion, phone hangs up or restarts. Short battery life? and other things. The issues for me are the overheating and the short battery life. Bloatware coming from the stock rom of the Phone was cleaned up by rooting and installing a custom rom for it. Which also did help the battery life somehow. While for the Overheating, I've had that toned down a bit by underclocking the cpu. It did lessen the Heat over the back portion while playing games. I'm on the process of doing an undervolting which I'm still trying to figure out how to do.Current state of the Phone right now is great, though I wish that the Battery life would extend for up to 2-3 days. No hangs has ever occurred, there were some slowing at times but it was tolerable.Undervolting should ease the Heating issue over the back portion once I figured out the guide. Will be buying a new battery as well to go with the phone.It's a great phone for me (will be buying another one for my Girl). Thanks to the Seller for giving me an above average used phone. Though I never got an original wall charger and a usb connector (just got generic ones along the package), still, thanks.For those who are interested, do the things below and you have a nice phone:- Buy a new battery or an extended battery if you are buying a used/refurbished phone.- Root and Flash the Phone with a custom Rom to remove the bloatware from the Stock rom and improve battery life.  - Do not use an ICS rom as I've been reading. I had mine installed with Steel Droid.- Do an Undervolt - overclock/underclock if you know how to.- buy a case and a screen protector to go with the display.