Okay, so I've this phone for nearly a month now, after switching out from my last net10 phone, the LG optimus net (aka Optimus 2). As far as I can tell, it is a vast improvement, especially over most of the Net10 android line. As far as durability goes, it is pretty tough; as it is commercialized, it can stand up to splashes of water as well as dirt and dust and a gorilla glass touchscreen against scratches, and with the outdoor-based apps like the compass and jogging path app, it is basically and android for the outdoors. It fits pretty well in my hand, which is nice since it's also not a giant like other phones are turning into. This was a nice surprise since when I saw it came with a front-facing camera, I thought it would be bulky. It comes with a nice 5 MP camera and a light, both of which working quite well. The comes the programming of the phone, with 1GHZ processor, making it a pretty quick device, with only the Samsung Galaxy Proclaim matching it in processing speed. Now, of course, it doesn't match against the Net10 heavy hitters (which are nearly twice as much in cost). Then there are the little tricks this phone hides; one widget actually shows the apps you use the most. Meanwhile, and I just found this out, you know those three or four different home screens you never use, or the times when you didn't have enough room for more apps on your home screens? Well with the Defy, you can create up to nine home screens you really need or delete those home screens you don't use. The graphics are nice and flamboyant and everything pretty much runs nice and orderly. It even has the last 4 apps you used in the flip down menu, just in case you need them again. These little things seem to make the phone say "Do you still need this?" or "Should I prepare Kindle for you?" If you can spare the expense on this phone, especially with the great deal on Amazon, this phone is perfect and will last you a while.EDIT: Ok, no matter what I say next, I still think this phone has earned five stars. Ok, so after playing some app games like angry birds and cut the rope, I noticed my phone actually slowing down and turning into a miniature sun in my hand. Apparently what happens is, at least from my understanding, is that with all other apps you need a app game will actually slow it down a lot with its complex data, such as the physics engine behind the game as well as the graphics and cinematics, which in any video game need to be updated every millisecond. However, this causes the phone to heat up quite quickly and usually freezes, or make the toolbar disappear, taking away your phone app, browser app, and the button to take you to all your other apps. The trick is to reset the phone and let it cool down so it can get its head straight. Now you may be asking, what's the point of an android if it can't play games. Answer? I have found out that emulators work great for this game, allowing you to play hundreds of gameboy video games or other video games on the android. It does get hot, but not nearly as hot as with app games, and since these games are probably a lot longer, story driven (and free), they easily help to replace app games for me. Every other app still works, including Ultra Beat Hazard, the only app game that works with the Defy that I have found. I still love this phone and it still works great for me.RE-EDIT: Okay, so while the games do still overheat the phone, I found out that the toolbar does disappear on occasion, and not just from over heating. This is, however, just a hiccup in the programming. Because the phone can switch the main screen to go sideways, the toolbar will actually orientate with the phone. When the toolbar disappears, then, I can just turn the phone sideways, turn it right-side up, and thus the toolbar reappears.