I bought the Samsung Galaxy S4 when I was eligible to upgrade on my AT&T; plan [May 2013]. I replaced a Motorola Atrix that I used for two years [April 2011].I went into the AT&T; store intending to buy an Apple iPhone 5; my wife got an iPhone in December and I liked it. The salesperson suggested that I consider some of the other newly available devices. After looking over the Samsung Galaxy S4, I decided to get it instead of the iPhone.  It was not an easy decision because the Galaxy is larger than the iPhone, and both are larger than my old Atrix. I really liked the convenience of the Atrix. I never used a case on the Atrix; just a screen protector. The Atrix easily fit in back pocket of jeans and was always easy to grab an use. The larger size of the Galaxy makes it bit more awkward to grasp and pull from a pocket, so I put it in an Otterbox case, which makes it even larger, but easier to grab and hold securely. I really like the larger screen.All "Android" systems are not the same. The Atrix is an Android. I really like Android Swype text entry. In some ways Swype has been improved on the Galaxy, and at the same time the new Swype is missing some things that I liked on the Atrix.There are trade-offs in picking a mobile device. Screen-size versus portability is the most difficult choice. The bigger screen [5-inch diagonal] is easier to read and touch-navigate when using the phone, but it means the device must be a little bit larger. A 4-inch screen makes a device more compact, but one needs to do more zooming/scrolling when using the device.One definite plus is battery life and device weight. The Galaxy is noticeably lighter weight than my old Atrix, and the Galaxy battery life is noticeably longer/better than my old Atrix. Even though the Galaxy has a larger screen and newer/faster processors the battery lasts longer.The camera on the Galaxy is very nice. The first day I had it I went for a walk in the woods. I saw a pine seedling growing out of a stump. I had the camera very close to the tiny seedling, just a few inches. I touched the screen on the seedling image and the focus snapped in crystal clear, then I touched the shutter button to take the photo. I did not want to zoom because I had learned on the Atrix that zoom was digital (i.e. fewer/larger pixels) and not optical. The result on the Galaxy was similar to using a macro-lens on my old Olympus SLR film camera. The resulting photo has incredible detail even though the camera was only inches from the subject. I essentially made a life-size photo of the tiny seedling in the 5-inch diagonal screen.One reason that I thought I wanted the iPhone was for Facetime. My wife and children have iPhones and Facetime is simple and automatic on Apple devices. I had expected to be able to use Skype on the Atrix when I bought it... but this did not materialize in the first few months of Atrix ownership and I gave up looking, downloading, experimenting. The AT&T; rep said there are many video-call software options that enable Apple and non-Apple devices to have video calls. I haven't had a strong enough urge to video call to go to the trouble of downloading the app; so I guess for me video call is more of a clever idea than something I really want to do or need to do. I like the usability of the larger screen on the Galaxy S4 compared to the iPhone 5 for browsing the Internet, reading/writing messages and email.My review is rambling a little; not the crisp technical review some authors write.Overall, I am satisfied with the Samsung Galaxy S4. It works; battery life is improved compared to devices from 2-years ago; 5-inch screen is more usable than smaller screen; camera seems to be improved over devices from 2-years ago.