I'm pretty tech savvy, I'm a programmer, I love Google: so I've wanted an Android phone pretty much ever since I first heard about them. Never really had the chance to get one before. My parents couldn't really afford to get me a fancy phone so I've been getting by with free-with-contract phones.Well I got a job and saved up some money, and got myself a bit of a birthday gift.This thing is awesome. I've only had it for about 5 hours now so I can't really do a full review but my first impression is very good.Pros+Big, vibrant screen:~~It takes some getting used to if you haven't had such a big screen on a phone before, like me. It's like 'holy crap?! this is huge!' but you get used to it+Android 4.0:~~It's fast, smooth, beautiful. As a first time Android owner I can't really say how much of an improvement it is but I can say it's really nice.+Cameras:~~Front facing camera for video chat, etc. Rear camera is 5mp, not the best, but it gets the job done. To long-time smart phone users, it may seem like "front facing camera, 5mp camera? big deal" ~~but to me it's really nice.+16gb of storage:~~I would have liked more, but I think 16gb will be plenty. I'm sure it will hold a couple thousand songs and a hundred or so apps, at least, and that's all I think I'll need. The device is supposedly available in 32gb version, but I couldn't find one.+Google Music~~Not specific to this phone, but it's a great service and it works great with this phone. Store up to 20,000 songs in the cloud for free and stream them on your phone? Awesome.Cons-Plastic~~It's not really that bad, but for this price, they could have used metal or maybe even rubber to make it more durable, at least for the back. The battery cover is a thin piece of plastic and it just doesn't seem to really belong on the device.-No expandable storage~~I think 16gb will be enough for the average user, but the freedom of a microSD card slot is a huge plus and it just seems like it would be a no-brainer for such a quality device, yet it's missing. This is the primary reason I knocked the phone down a star.-Quiet speaker~~People at my work are always showing each other music from their phones and the speaker on the Galaxy Nexus is about half as loud as every one else's there. You can't even hear it unless it's quiet in the room. However, the phone comes with headphones; they aren't the best but they are pretty decent.~Also, I'm not sure about the buttonless front. I kinda just naturally go the bottom with my thumb whenever I want to wake the phone up because that's how most phones are, but here you have to use the power/hold button on the right side. Maybe I'll get used to it. Not annoying enough to be negative, and not buttons allows for more screen, but I'm just not used to it.I'll have to update this when I have more time with it. I plan on taking a whack at making apps as well, I've got a bit of Java experience.