I bought this phone from ebay as a backup phone for my car. The phone had minutes and days left already and it was previously registered to someone else so I had to contact customer service to get the phone number changed. You can read about that below.The first thing I did when I received the phone, was setup the wifi. It was super easy to turn on the wifi, and then connect to my network right after putting in my password. IT DOES NOT AUTOMATICALLY CONNECT TO A NETWORK AFTER IT IS TURNED ON. You must click on the network you would like to connect to. The wifi symbol should turn from blue to green when connected to a network. I read on a different site that someone was having problems deleting a network? If you changed the password or something, all you need to do is go to options (left button) for that network you would like to delete, and press delete. And then you can reconnect to it after putting in the password again.The browser (right button) key does get pressed accidentally sometimes when I'm looking at my phone, but there is a slight delay where you are able to exit out of it before you start getting charged for minutes. Also, the browser is quite limited. When you enter an URL, it does not automatically open the mobile site, so you have to know the mobile url before you try to go to it. Or it will most likely say that it is too big and fails to open.Someone mentioned that it was dialing 911 even when the phone was locked? I tried testing that out by pressing a bunch of keys when my phone was locked, and after about 9 times the screen says "Keypad is locked. Press unlock." the screen asks you if you want to call SOS, which you can click cancel.The button you navigate with is sort of sensitive, I'm usually overscrolling with it so it may just take some time getting used to. And the regular buttons are quite small but manageable. I find it easier to type with my thumb nails than instead of my fingertips like you would do with a smart phone.For receiving texts, you can see the first 6 characters of a text without having to open it, so if you are sending a yes/no type of question, you can save yourself from opening a text. Just press cancel when it first comes in, and then go to your messages.The camera is not that bad, I just wish there were a faster way to access it besides going to menu>tools>camera.I haven't purchased anything on the phone yet, but I think it is neat that you can use minutes for it instead of having to put in a credit card or something else.I actually really like the size and feel of the phone. It does not feel like it would break if it were dropped accidentally.-----------------------------------------------------------------------I think I got lucky with my experience with their customer service. When I first called after I received my phone, they had said that they were not able to change my phone number without the previous owner's name/email/bday/zip code, so I tried to get that information, but it failed. So I contacted TracFone through their site stating my problem, and the following morning they called my phone. And they asked if I had a different number to be contacted at so that it wouldn't be using minutes. I gave them my cell number and they called me immediately after I hung up with them. I was on the phone with them for about 15 minutes and then they said that they would send me a new sim card.The sim card I received in about 2 or 3 business days, when they had said 3-5 or at most 7 days. I could not get a new phone number online, I had to call their customer support line. The wait was 7-10 minutes, but they did that thing where you can choose them to call you back when it is your turn in line, which is nice.From when they called me back, it took approximately 6 minutes to activate my new sim card and get the phone working with the new phone number.All of the representatives that I spoke with were all extremely friendly, although they did seem to all have slight accents like they were not from here as people complained.