At first glance the Nokia N85 seems to have it all: GPS, good camera, 3G features, etc etc etc.After owning one of these for over 2 months now I believe it's safe to say it's one of the best disguised useless gadgets I've ever seen, and here's why:1. After buying it, I spent countless hours searching, installing and configuring stuff that should be in the phone already, like a simple chronometer/timer;2. Things don't work as expected a lot of the time, enough to draw attention to the phone itself. After a while it will become one of those time black holes, instead of saving your time it will make you spend it on the phone trying to figure out how to make it work the way it should;3. The email client. Herein lies a reason that by itself is enough for anyone who demands BASIC functionality from a smartphone stay the hell away from this piece of junk. This item is a little complex but I will try to make my point as clearly as possible. 3.1. If you choose to use the internal client and connect directly to your server, you can download all messages or just the last "n" messages, only in PLAIN TEXT, but:  3.1.1. If you choose the POP3 protocol, you can either download just headers, messages limited to a certain size or all messages and attachments. No option for entire messages with no attachments. Plus no access to "sent" or "trash" IMAP folders. STUPID.  3.1.2. If you choose the IMAP4 protocol, your only option is to download just the headers (headers are just "from", "time received" and "title" fields). EXTREMELY STUPID, because if you're connected over a slow connection it will take you AGES to view each message (as if not enough it takes quite a while for this miserable thing to open a connection). 3.2. Now things get really, really annoying. You also have an option to read HTML mail, but guess what? For that to work you have to CREATE AN ACCOUNT at email.nokia.com, and give them your email address AND PASSWORD. Cute isn't it? On top of that, the servers are offline for days, some times even weeks in a row. You will probably read the words "push email" here and there - THAT'S A LIE, the phone performs scheduled downloads from their server. Then WHAT IS THIS GOOD FOR, you'd ask? It's very simple: it will hold you HOSTAGE to Nokia's awful services, and it seems Nokia plans to CHARGE for it in the future, look at that! 3.3. You can also purchase a good email client, with the features that should be present in the internal client to begin with, for US$ 30 or so. Not much maybe, but in my opinion outrageous considering, like I've said, IT SHOULD BE INCLUDED IN THE FREAKIN PHONE.4. Maybe the browser isn't supposed to be perfect since it's a mobile one, but when I get to the point of using the browser in my cellphone you can be pretty sure it's an emergency situation. The N85 has FAILED MISERABLY almost every time I've tried to use it in such situations, both with the internal browser and Opera Mini.Final Considerations:I must admit the concept is sound: a smartphone with great hardware (camera/GPS/OLED display/storage capacity) and open software, problem is, software is not that open, and Nokia has lost its honesty towards customers as well as its technological edge.Now I feel like a complete idiot because I recommended this and other Nokia phones to a lot of friends and now I've found out that I was totally, completely, 100% wrong. Also my friends who own iPhones and of whom I used to make fun of will never, EVER leave me alone as I suspect I'll end up buying one.Don't let yourself be fooled like I was. Being tech-savvy I was looking for a phone with a somewhat open architecture and that could be tweaked to my heart's content and ended up going for a brand that deceives its customers with a very, very weak product instead of going for something simple, easy to use and powerful.