What can I say about this phone?  I pretty much bought a $249 alarm clock...because that is the ONLY thing that worked correctly on this phone and I've had it replaced by the company TWICE.I have lived in two major cities in the last year of having this phone...you'd think this would guarantee good service and signal by VM. NOPE.  They have "recalibrated" my phone to my living area multiple times, and guess what?  No 4G service (EVER), no more than 3 bars (EVER), and the wireless NEVER works.  My calls always drop (if I can get signal to call at all), my texts never send (and I receive them 2-3 days late from other people), internet (wireless OR"4G") is SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO SLOW.  Literally...it takes about two minutes to load Google results and another two minutes to load the page you want.Now onto the memory in this phone.  The phone I purchased had 8GB, I have external memory of 16GB on it.  Guess what?  The manufacturers apps (the ones you CANNOT remove) take up 5GB on your phone. YAY.  Worse?  There is no option to "Move Application to Memory Card" like the other "smart phones".  You literally just suck it up and hope they install on there before you run out of memory in the first week of owning your phone.Now onto the VM service you will receive.  It sucks.  9 out of 10 times, you will end up talking to someone who barely speaks English and literally knows NOTHING about your phone.  When they replaced my phone, I called them to activate (you have to cal to activate) and I got this Indian woman who kept telling me that I cannot have my addresses from my old phone put on my new phone.  It's impossible. (Well, I'm pretty sure that's what she said, I couldn't really understand her).  I had done this on two phones prior, I know it can be done.  I kept asking her to transfer me to someone else...SHE WOULD NOT!  Are you serious?  She WOULD NOT give me to someone else!  Finally I hung up and called again hoping to get another person, and I did.  They were no help either.  CONTACTING VM is ridiculous.  You either have to call and go through a maze of non-English speaking people, or you have to email and sit and wait about 5 days for a response from them.  There is no "talk now" option online (like Verizon), you literally have to wait for days no matter what.Online pay per month never works.  Every month my payment was set to pay automatically, EVERY month they have a problem with the payment (which by the way, they stop your service TWO DAYS before your bill date, and EVEN IF YOU PAY YOUR BILL they WILL NOT activate your plan for the month til the day of.  So....two days a month you have NO cell service) and you have to log in online and click "PAY NOW" like 5 times till it works.So. Good luck with Virgin Mobile.  Honestly?  You're WAY better off with Verizon's $50 Prepaid plan.  The good service and GREAT coverage is worth the extra money.