First off my family has had Android devices for quite a while, with that said, I had a Galaxy S2 Skyrocket and simply after 2-years I was ready for an upgrade. My GS2 was a very good phone and never gave me any trouble. My major complaint was battery life, and I knew that when I bought it as I wanted the S3 but it wasn't available yet and my Blackberry was having more and more problems... so I had to get a new phone and bought the S2. So with that I was happy and when it came time to upgrade this time around.... I had three candidates I wanted to look at: Moto X, Galaxy S4, and Lumia 1020. So the selling point of the Moto X was it was a more pure experience and I could choose some options for it... so I went with the Moto X. It arrived quickly and was neatly packaged.Fast forward one month later and a handful of calls to Motorola and AT&T....; it came back to make me regret the purchase. For me smartphones need to be a great phone, a good internet device, and take a respectable picture. The Moto X just fell short for me.There are two glaring problems that are inherent in the phone at this time. First is Bluetooth. Every other phone I have had works for both phone and media content..... for this one the phone portion works but the media side is 50/50. I spent almost 2-hours with Motorola getting iHeartRadio to play in my cars via Bluetooth and then it still wouldn't play internet content through the car--- why? No answer available at this time. I do give Motorola a lot of credit, they stuck with me and worked through things for as long as I could spend with them on the phone. Another quirk is during calls with my Plantronics Voyager Legend headset it is fine and then all of the sudden on the other end I become distant and very quiet...once I disconnect the headset and then reconnect (just switch between the headset and the phone itself) it resolves the problem. Strange as it has never done it before and has not done it on our S3 that we have. And then there is my Bluetooth speaker that I adore.... I can only control volume on the speaker's physical volume buttons and not on the phone... really? Again a quibble that when you add a handful of them becomes a complaint. So with that, I can live with it, but since the S2, S3, and S4 that we have do not have the problem, this should not either as Bluetooth has been around for quite a while.Problem #2 is the camera. It ruined our Thanksgiving photos that I took. I have pictures from a trip earlier this year from my S2--- I still cannot believe they were taken with a phone, the Moto X is simply way behind the curve. Of course over this past weekend I played around with it and what I found was that if you zoom at all.... it distorts the picture/ pixelates it to the point where it is washed out and looks like I used a camera phone from 20-years ago if they existed. If you do not zoom at all...... it looks very nice and is actually equal to my older S2, unless you zoom then my S2 was leaps and bounds ahead. This is simply unacceptable as the S2, S3, and S4 take a better overall picture. And this was on Jelly Bean and Kit Kat for the Moto X, so no improvements when they did the OS upgrade.Otherwise, I love the phone. I really like the size of it and also the simple notifications on the screen.... great feature. "OK, Google Now" also works pretty well and for what it is I like it. Battery life for me is what I consider excellent. Where I work, one part of the building sucks the life out of the battery. On my S2 I was usually between 15-25% by lunch with less than 30-min of use. And yes I always charge my phone at night. With the Moto X it goes all day no problem-- and the worst after 12-housrs of normal use is 50% and I never worry about charging it during the day. I now am no longer tethered to a charger or portable battery which is great and something that you shouldn't have to do with normal use anyway.So for me I use all parts of a smartphone.... and with the Bluetooth being quirky and the camera being problematic- I have switched to one of my other choices... the Lumia 1020. I want to love it. I want to use it. But when it keeps fighting me on the basic stuff .... It has turned me away.UPDATE: I received my Lumia 1020 and I can say there is a difference. As I have stated before, I have been using Android powered devices for years and after using the Lumia, all works well. I went back and paired with the cars, speaker, and headsets.... everything works like it should including proper volume, displays, etc. I also just picked up a set of Jaybird Bluebuds X and the volume was wonky with the Moto X as the up and down would only lower the volume... the Lumia is spot on. So I am not going to get into much more except that there are a definite lack of apps for Windows phones, but with anything it can be dealt with and more will arrive over time. Overall the Lumia 1020 is very good and I am happy with it. If you want an Android powered device, go with the Samsung Galaxy S4 as we have one and it is great and works like it should.