Most reviews of this phone are grounded, but a few seem to have higher expectations than maybe they should have for this type of device.  You're not talking about a $250 Verizon model or an iPhone here, folks.  It's a $29.95 (retail), plastic, BASIC, no-thrills, cell phone.  Frankly, it's amazing that for that price you can get something with a color LCD screen that actually gets cell receptions at all.  So my 4-star rating is based on the features and quality of this phone FOR THE PRICE.I use Verizion as my main cell provider, but sometimes I like to sell things on Craig's List or Ebay and want to have a way for people to contact me if they have questions about something I'm selling.  I do not however, want to give them my main cell number.  So I got this Net10 phone for that specific purpose - as a more anonymous way of communicating with strangers who I don't know, who call to ask about products.  For that, it's great.While plastic, overall the phone is pretty sturdy except perhaps for the upper battery door area with is somewhat "creeky" when you hold the camera and press in (it gives, slightly).  The buttons are small and yes, you can accidentally press two at one if you have sausage fingers, but a small amount of paying attention will solve this - it's not designed to be a hard-core "texting" phone, and for that, you should buy a phone with a full keyboard.  They do glow a pleasant Blue color when in use, by the way - another minor but amazing feature at this price. The LCD screen though lower resolution, works fine enough for what it is.  The reception is excellent, actually being better than my LG Dare when indoors.  The ear speaker is just a bit fuzzy, making folks sound like they're talking through a cloth - but still not super bad.  People I talk to say the microphone is great, and they can hear me clearly.  No camera, no 3D video games, no multi-phase transporter... sorry.... not for $29.95!My only real complaint?  You use your minutes when you check voice mail.  Maybe I'm being cheap, but I figure if you're just calling in to check messages, they should charge a flat 5-cent or 10-cent rate for the entire call, and not a "per minute" charge for it.  So if you tend to ignore calls and let a lot of them to go voice mail, keep this in mind as just checking your messages frequently WILL use your minutes.Ok, now, I do have to say that I would NOT use this or any cheap prepaid phone as a full time cell phone.  I'm one of those people who feel that cheap plastic and cell signals do equal radioactivity in your brain.  So I prefer to get something built substantially better if I'm going to talk for hours a month on it.  Likewise, if I had teens, I probably wouldn't want to fry their brains ahead of time by letting them use a device such as this as much as they do.  But for occasional use, and for people who don't LIVE on their cell phones (yes, those people still exist), I think this represents a great value for the price.