I just bought the Nokia N8 and i think you get a great product for the price you pay. Maybe it is not as fancy and hyped as an iPhone or an Android based phone but it is really cool and you get a lot of stuff that clearly exceeds the iPhone or an HTC Android phone.To put things in perspective let me just say that my wife bought (almost at the same time) the Samsung Galaxy S and we've been comparing the two phones over the last couple of weeks and these are my thoughts:In the Nokia N8 you get a 12 megapixel camera capable of shooting HD video and also capable of displaying it on a TV really easily thanks to its HDMI socket and cable included in the bundle package. Besides you get a Xenon Flash.In the Samsung Galaxy you get a 5 mega pixel camera WITH NO flash y with no capacity to shoot HD video.On the other side, the internet navigation is much better on the Samsung Galaxy, it is as smoth as if you were on your PC, while on the N8 it is sluggish and sometimes the phone crashes. But this only happens when you try to load big web pages. If you are trying to read your mail o read some light web sites the N8 will work just as well.The screen is almost the same on both phones in terms of brightness and sharpness, the only difference is that it's a little bigger on the Samsung, but they are almost the same.Anoter thing that i think it's better on the Galaxy is the Android Market, you get thousands of Apps there, while on the Ovi site you get a lot of Apps but they are not as diverse and cool as the Android ones, but i think this is going to get better with time, Nokia still has a lot of work to do in this field and i think they are in the right direction.Finally i would like to comment this, the overall quality of the phones is way much better in the Nokia N8. And let me explain why,In the Nokia N8 you get a hard cased phone thanks to its anodized aluminium case with gorilla crystal on the screen, so this means that your phone can take a beat and come out intact. While on the other hand, in the Samsung you get a phone that comes with a plastic case really light but really fragile and i'm not sure, but the screen doesn't look like a gorilla one. So this phone is going to be really damaged if you don't handle it with care.The price for both phones is very similar, so the decision would have to lie on what do you prefer the most. A tough really well made phone with a lot of functionalities and superb multimedia features such as a HD camera or a fragile but really agile and quick web surfing phone with a very powerfull Operating System such as the Samsung Galaxy.If it was up to me, i would make myself a Nokia N8 with the Android OS. That would be the perfect phone.