I have had this phone for almost two years now (which is longer than I have stayed with any one phone ever). I purchased it from T-mobile directly, not from Amazon so I can't say anything about this seller.I have had a love/hate relationship with this phone. Thought it was a lemon when I first purchased it. I actually had it replaced twice within the first three months. The third phone has been a keeper, don't know if the first two were just defective or if I was expecting the phone to do more than it could handle. T-mobile had told me they would give me a different phone if the third has issues and I was actually pretty happy that didn't happen because there is a lot about this phone I really like.It is durable. I one time flung it over the railing of a stair case from two stories up. It hit the ground, came apart (the case, battery cover and battery were all in seperate places.) I put it back together and it was fine. No scratches or anyhing. I have dropped it/bounced it several time and have not had any problems. I take it to the beach with me, brought it home covered in sand and even dropped it into a sink full of dishes and completly submerged it. I dried it off quickly, put it on the window sill to dry and the next day...worked perfectly.I like the design of the phone, I am a heavy texter so I love the keyboard. I have heard others say it takes up too much room and/or takes away from screen space but don't agree with that personally. I love the thingy (I don't know the technical term) on the back that can be used for scrolling. It is a good thing that is there because I have found scrolling directly on the screen doesn't work well as the screen is too jumpy. The camera is descent but lacking a flash. If you want to take self portraits, it is a little tricky on this phone. The phone comes w/ wi-fi calling already installed and works really well when needed.I currently really only use the phone for making phone calls, texting, emailing, social networking and some light internet surfing. Anything more than that would not be good for the phone. When I first got the phone I was excited to have my first Android phone and downloaded all kinds of apps and games. I realized on Charm #3 that the phone is just not meant to have a lot of apps on it and was causing major issues in the phone: freezing to where the battery had to be removed, not being able to answer incoming phone calls, shutting off, battery dying after about 2 hours. I found the extended battery which the phone came with was worse than the regular one. Finally when I sent back my second phone I was told by the tech the phone is just not meant for many apps even thought it is has an Android OS. Now I do have some apps, just not many and no games. I had to add them slowly a day at a time to see how the phone was affected. The internet can be at times sluggish, but I don't use it often enough for it to be a big deal to me. I also found the battery is nothing to brag about, but there are a few things that can be done to help that. An App Killer is definitley needed. I also set my wi-fi calling to only search for a network when the screen is lit up and I have a charger in my car, at my work and extra one in my purse...pretty much just am prepared to charge it in the middle of the day and then again at night.All in all the phone does have some quirks, but those aside I have loved this phone...tried a different one somebody gave me for about an hour and went right back to my Charm, it is very easy to use, the set up and functions are great, there aren't too many buttons, home screen is customizable...I do have to say that when I am eligible for another upgrade (T-mobile let you do that every two years) I will look for a similar design but with more capabilities.