I have had the phone for about two weeks now and am really enjoying it.  If I could design one from scratch, this might not be it, but from what I have seen out there currently as of the first week of February of 2013, this is one terrific option.The main downside, for me, is its large size.  I came from a Droid X and that, to me, was a perfect-sized phone.  It had enough of a screen size to read text and see internet browsing well, but it also fit comfortably in my hand.  I find that the Galaxy S III is a bit too large for me to comfortably use one-handed, but I'm getting used to using it.That being said, I had had a few concerns to begin with about the phone.  While the phone had come out like gangbusters with great reviews when it was first released the middle of last year, users have had some issues with it, along with less than responsive Samsung customer service, giving me pause.Two of the issues were the GPS not locking in well, and phone call quality.  Both of those would be deal killers for me.  I'm not needing this for gaming.But the phone's upsides intrigued me as well as a great price through Staples of $99.  I can tell you that the GPS has locked in VERY quickly, more quickly than my Droid.  Secondly, call quality has been adequate.  Interestingly, the phone's built-in signal gauge has put the signal at 106, which is terrible.  Yet, I was getting very decent quality calls (clear, but a bit tinny sounding).  I downloaded a separate meter app and it detected my 3G/4G and interior WiFi reception were both at close to 80, which is fine.Meanwhile, the screen is sharp and colors are MUCH more accurate than the one on the Motorola Razr Maxx HD.  Yeah, perhaps the screen isn't as bright, but it actually works better in dark situations better, and watching video renders a much better, more film-like visual than the much brighter phones.  The speed of the processor seems to also help with watching streamed videos, which come out smoother than with the Droid X.  I also find that if I turn off the auto-brightness, I can get a much brighter screen.Touch response is incredibly quick.  I can definitely sense an improvement from my Droid X.  The built-in speaker is much louder than the Droid X, though somewhat tinny.  Still, I can hear my Stephanie Miller Show podcast straight out of the speaker better.Yes, the camera is also better and the shutter response is very quick.  Still, my standalone point and shoot, a Fuji E550 takes better pictures, but I didn't buy the phone for that.  On the other hand, the photos I have taken are FAR superior to the ones I got from my Droid X.  I'm really surprised as to how good they are.  Still, for depth of color and subtlety, my point and shoot is better, not to mention that it takes RAW files, which are completely uncompressed.A BIG upside is the removable battery, not only for long days I might be away from an A/C port or charger, but that I can force a hard reboot when I need it.  Do all phones with non-replaceable batteries have a hard reboot option, and do they always work?Two niggling things -- The placement of the on/off button and volume up/down buttons are about on opposite sides about 2/3rds way up the sides of the phone.  It makes holding the phone precarious in terms of touching one or both buttons inadvertently.  You may have turned off the volume of the phone unknowingly so that you may not hear a phone call coming in.The other thing is the built-in Samsung Swype-like keyboard.  I like tracing the text.  Swype worked very well, though not perfectly on my Droid X.  As others have noted, the Samsung version has an awful way with predictive text.  You could trace "Samsung" and up will come "monkey", leaving both you and the monkey scratching your heads.  The actual Swype software is also built into the phone.  Great, right?  Well, it, too, has some bugs in this version.  If it predicts a word that is inaccurate (It is generally more accurate than the Samsung version), you would think backspacing would bring you back to the word to its left.  Unfortunately, it deletes the word, but then tabs to the next line and/or also deletes to the right.  Even weirder, if I backspace twice, it will paste the whole sentence to the right of it into the space, resulting in repeated text.  Very odd.In any event, I'm still discovering nice things that have been improved in the Android OS (currently Jelly Bean) from the Android 2.x which was running the Droid X. There's a much better cut/copy/paste ability by simply holding down your finger over text.  Holding down the menu button renders much more information about what is open on the phone.Unfortunately, almost all of the US phones are going bigger, not smaller. The smaller smartphones didn't have as much capability such as processor size or RAM.  The Galaxy S III is more future-proof, at this point, than competitive phones.Samsung is rumored to come out with the Galaxy S IV in April.  There is also a Mini Galaxy S III, but it's not available in the US.  I might have gone for that with the smaller size, but I think I made a great choice.  Samsung and Verizon seem to have ironed out most of the reported bugs with this current phone.