Very disappointing. I had hoped for a full-featured Windows smartphone plus a substitute for an in-dash car GPS. I got neither.First, the good parts. Nice feel, small form factor. Crisp screen. The windshield mount worked well, and the belt clip is nice. Deserves at least a star for that.However, the small form factor kills ease of use, as the 1.25" X 2.75" screen is far smaller than an in-dash car GPS. Many important features require tapping tiny icons or pull-down menus - not linked to buttons - and you have to pull the Pharos out of its carrier to get at the stylus.It is difficult to add waypoints to force it to take a certain route on the way. The manual barely covers this. I guess I'm spoiled by google maps, the Ostia zoom-in/out requires 5-6 diagonal strokes to get to city level and street names don't show. While moving the map with finger or stylus I often accidentally zoomed in to some part of the city I couldn't recognize and had to start over. It appears the designers thought of this and put in a Power User feature to display the entire route, but that menu item was always grayed out for me. Only alternative is to check the route in turn-by-turn text form.And check it you must. In Houston we have these feeder roads that run alongside the interstate. The GPS often thinks you're on the feeder when you're on the interstate and vice-versa, and gives bogus instructions accordingly. More than once I was told to exit - travelled along the feeder road through a light - and then back on the same interstate! If you didn't spot this before departure, it's too late when you're driving to try to zoom out and see where your GPS is sending you.The area I live in also has some new roads and exits since 2003 which aren't on the map - a minor annoyance when you know more than the map, which squeaks and squawks in protest until you come into an area its familiar with again. POIs out of date and incomplete, and Live Update takes too long to load to be useful here. Also, if you forget to turn off the GPS after arrival you might not have enough battery to make it through the day.As a PDA the Pharos 600 is unstable and memory-starved. I think that comes from it being an ETEN 500 repackaged by Pharos with GPS stuck on, and they tried to squeeze all the maps into memory. Getting MS Active Sync to work was an agonizing troubleshoot - I'm not sure that is all Pharos' fault, though their technical assistance was zero help - unreachable after 5.30pm and don't return calls. The website is for marketing with one screen of FAQs masquerading as support. True, I do have 6500 contacts but I never had a problem with the Palm, which synced in minutes, not overnight.I've never really played with any of the other features like email or internet, if it can't do rock-solid contacts it's worthless to me. In fact, right now it's locked up again and even a hard reset isn't bringing it around. If I can get Tech Support to pick up the phone I'm reluctantly returning this - what a potentially nice device.My advice: skip the Pharos. Spend slightly more for an in-dash GPS for the car, and a Palm for contacts. And spend more time with the kids, rather than listening to hold music.