Tracfone still has the best geographic coverage of the pay as you go cell phone options. I had tried a Common Cents option when I wanted to upgrade to a phone with Bluetooth capabilities to work with a newly acquired car and bought in to the Common Cents hype about lower per minute cost and the round down on partial minutes of airtime. What Common Cents does not emphasize in their advertising is that there is absolutely no roaming. If you are outside of the Sprint network coverage area the phone will not work. Just because you have a friend or acquaintance with a Sprint Contract phone that gets coverage in the areas that you travel does not ensure that a Common Cents phone will work in those areas.I subsequently upgraded my Tracfone to the Samsung t301g which did pair with my Ford Sync system and allows hand free calling. I was unable to get the contact list from the phone uploaded to the Sync system but Ford does have some free downloadable software that allows you to create a contact list on your computer and then transfer it to the vehicle via a USB data key.The phone documentation is minimal and the download available from TracFone adds very little information.  The default ringtone is progressive, starts out soft and gets louder, and I doubt that anyone will hear the first two rings in a store, restaurant or car. There are several other ringtones built in and I found one that was satisfactory when the volume is adjusted upward. The call volume is also adjustable during a call and most people will probably need to set it near the maximum for use with the hands free calling options with Ford Sync.One peculiarity of the phone is that there is no provision for setting the date and time manually and the time picked up from the network is about two minutes slow. I initiated a support request via email and one week, four emails and about 2 hours spent on the phone with three "customer support" representatives I finally received an email confirming that there was no way to manually adjust the time, that they could do nothing about the incorrect (Compared to NIST)time, and stating that the "issue had been addressed", which in my opinion is not the same as the issue being resolved.While the "Customer Support" representative were courteous, they speak a dialect that is difficult to understand and one every call you spend at least five minutes repeating information that you provided in you initial support request and all of your previous calls and then long periods on hold as they "check with a supervisor" or search "their system" for additional information regarding your problem.In summary the phone is usable and does provide some functionality with Ford Sync systems at a reasonable price when you factor in that you get double minutes for the life of the phone. TracFone support is basically non-existent. If you are the type that reads manuals and are willing to do some internet research Tracfone provides "as needed airtime" at a reasonable cost. If you are the type that likes or needs some hand holding you should probably look elsewhere and if you have become dependent on a cell phone to provide the correct time you definitely need a different phone.