To send a text:Menuarrow down one icon to Messages, SelectSelect Creat MessageChoose Send ToIn the To: field, You may enter the phone number here.If you want to use Contact info, Select To: press Options.Select Add Recipients(This shows me the last three recipients, Recent Contacts, Contacts, Groups)Press SelectIt takes you back to recipient list to enter a 2nd "To".Press Send.Are others like this?  Lots of steps for a text.A little background:  I lost my LG phone with the touch screen.  That phone was excellent in all ways except texting on the touch screen was horrible unless you used a closed pen tip as a stylus and the touch part had to be a deliberate push/hold in order to key in or select.  My daughter is a literal pro with phones and couldnt get it to work properly without exagerated movement.  She really, really didn't like that phone because of that. lol  Other than that, it was a great phone!I never take the time to do in-depth reviews because it's not that important and usually something that's already been said.  So the norm is pretty brief.  I probably do too much information on this one just because I wish I'd seen this info before I bought this phone.  I would have looked for a different one just because of my personal preferences and this one kind of goes backward in basic quality, features and ease of use.  For me anyway.I was excited to get this phone because I much prefer the slider keyboard.  And the keyboard is great. The numbers on the keyboard are on the right, which means you don't have to stretch to the other side to enter. I think it's easier for right handed people.  Not sure. lol  The phone volume seems loud enough for me with my bad hearing and it does have a speaker phone feature.  My husband said it sounded good on his end but it sounded like it had noise cancellation or something which made it sound like there were gaps in the conversation so you end up talking over each other since you didn't hear them start to talk.  Lots of stumbling in conversation sometimes.  Just have to get used to that I guess.  The phone came with no games, and some pretty ugly ring tones to choose from.  There isn't an icon for the camera.  You have to go into tools and select it.  Same with Calendar, Alarm and etc.  You would think you could choose your icons or have two icon screens for the extras.  There are two small buttons on the lower right outside edge of the phone. These are "short cuts", one for the camera and the other is for a small row of feature choices, on the on the bottom of the screen.  They include phone call (which just gives you a screen to hand enter a phone number which is normally done on the opening first screen), texting, browser, music, games, and believe it or not, back to the opening screen.  You could have just hit End or Back rather than scroll over to it on the end.  The camera button is somewhat pronounced so that's ok.  But the other end of the button is almost flush with the phone.  And they're the same button, but act like up down volume buttons.  The flush one is the first/on top so you feel for the camera button and push down just above that I guess.  Otherwise you wouldn't normally feel the other part.  The volume button is one solid pronounced button, you either push the top part of it or the lower part.  These should probably be like that, for ease of use.  I would have to use two hands so I wouldn't hit the camera button and because it's so low on the phone for a right handed person, it's hard to hold the phone and select especially without a cover that isn't slippery.  To me it's the "short cut" isn't any faster, and probably slower, to do than going into the menu, then to tools to select each feature. So, you're going into stuff to get there all the time.  Not liking that very much.  It's very much a basic phone.  No frills at all.  And it costs the same as the LG touch screen phone and my old Samsung slider.  That's why I was surprised at such a discrepency between the features on the phones and ease of use.  The slider part is a little wiggly when its closed and you're handling the phone.  Not very tight when it's closed.  I love Samsung, but I'm pretty disappointed in this phone.  I was sure it would be at least as good as the LG I lost or my old Samsung.  Not at all.  Obviously, others think it's great, and I'm not sure why.  Must be going back to the basics, sort of.  As I said before, I love Samsung phones and have been loyal to their brand whenever possible.  Until the LG, because it had the touch features for the same price as this one and included some other nice features such as swipe screen and etc.  Both have triple minutes, which is a must for me.  Hopefully all this blabbing provides some useful information for someone.  I will edit this post if I find anything that I wasn't aware of before.