My N8 is the last Symbian phone I will ever own, and since I noticed that the reviews for this phone are all over the place I figured I would try to write a balanced review. I have owned lots of Nokia phones (e71, e75, 5800, C6-01, 701), and two Android phones (original Nexus and the Google Nexus Galaxy GSM) so I have a pretty good idea of the difference between Android and Symbian. I've never owned an iPhone, but I do have a new iPad and a touch, so I have a pretty good idea of what iOS5 is like.The main advantages of the N8 is the build quality (I've never seen a company build hardware that's as nicely put together as Nokia) and the incredible flexibility of the phone and operating system. I mean this phone has an FM radio, FM transmitter for use when you rent a car or need to make a quick connection to a car radio that doesn't have Bluetooth or inputs, USB input, hdmi output, and what is without a doubt the best camera in a cell phone until the 808 came out.  Symbian Belle is in many ways more flexible than Android (and certainly more flexible than iOS which forces you to use the wretched iTunes and makes it a pain to import or export anything from it). The phone itself is pentaband so you can use it in almost all of the world where GSM is available. It has 16 gb of memory built in and you can add a microSD card for even more storage - unlike the iPhone or many newer Android phones, and the size is perfect. My newer Nexus has a 4.7 inch screen and feels like a tablet when I hold it to my head.The problem is that as they did with the N97 the self destructive folks at Nokia hobbled this phone with an extremely slow processor and only 256mb of program memory. In spite of the efficiency of Symbian, this lack of hardware guarantees that your phone will run sluggishly (if not when new shortly thereafter as you use it) and that installing any new software (such as the mobile Microsoft Office that was just released) will be a nightmare, requiring you to try to decide what you're going to have to remove to make it fit.  The 701 which I also owned had double the processor speed and program memory and it made the exact same Belle software run much more smoothly and gave you enough program memory to not have to worry about it.  For the life of me, why Nokia would design a phone that originally sold for about $600 and save a few cents by not including the appropriate processor and memory is impossible to understand.  It's not like they hadn't seen what that did to the N97 and the damage it caused to Nokia's reputation, but for some reason as a company Nokia was incapable of listening to any criticism or learning from their mistakes.So, I use my Nokia when I'm in an area where I need navigation but can't get data (Nokia maps has world wide free maps that you can download and use without a data connection, even now Google maps only let's you pre download a very small area), and when I think I will want to take pictures since the camera is good enough to replace a point and shoot camera. Yup, in a word, it's the perfect vacation phone. However, when I need a phone to actually get work done with or want to have access to some of the more popular apps like Netflix or Pandora I use my Nexus. It is a complete shame, because if Nokia had tried even a little bit the n8 could have been a real contender. For a while the popularity of Nokia in India and China allowed them to survive, but now with their switch to Windows 8 and the popularity of Android in those countries it seems like final curtain calls for Nokia.  So, at the current price if you want a good phone to travel with and an example of what could have been, this is a good purchase, but if you are only going to have one phone that you have to use day to day unfortunately even at these fire sale prices you're probably much better off buying the Google Nexus.