I bought a new Nokia N9 in January of this year for use on T-Mobile's network. I just switched to an iPhone 4S this week. At the time I was using a Google Nexus (Android). At the time, I didn't feel like Android or it's apps was polished enough for prime time. Prior to that I had used an iPhone 3G on T-Mobile's network for a while but grew tired of Edge data speeds and the slow iOS 4 upgrade killed that user experience for me. Prior to that I used a Blackberry Bold 9700.Pros:Excellent build quality (exception being the USB flip out plastic piece for charging)Good cameraNice OSFacebook/Twitter integrationSkype IntegrationGorilla GlassApps: Spotify youtube, Dropbox, FirefoxHotspot capability (with additional effort to disable restrictions in the US phones)Cons:Slow OSDidn't sync with my work exchange serverOnly acceptable battery life with moderate useMaps/Drive very slow, rarely found what I searched for.Poor app supportPoor app maturityTouch keyboardPlastic piece that pops out for charging broke after about 6 monthsAlmost nothing can charge itI don't know what implementation of micro USB power Nokia implemented for this thing. I only have a few chargers that will actually charge it, and the one that it came with is very bulky, requiring an adapter form european outlet style. I have yet to find a car charger that will work for it. Nokia does make chargers that will likely work, but don't assume that if you already have some micro USB power stuff for home and car that it will work.The plastic piece that flips open for charging will break eventually. For me this happened when I dropped it while it was open.Basically, I like the Meego User Interface. Swiping becomes intuitive very quickly. It isn't quite as responsive as it could be (slow processor, ?unoptimized OS)Not being able to get work email was a big downside for me. We have a very secure exchange server, and using a secure connection alone wasn't enough to connect, and checking "Non-provisionable device" did not get me access either, so I was out of luck there.The broswer is HTML5 compliant, but really only "OK" to use. Firefox is available and is an OK implementation as well.I used a 3rd party app called "spoton" to enable WiFi Hotspot on my device and then the WiFi Hotspot app works just fine. Kind of annoying that this is necessary in the states, but I guess it is an FCC thing. You can also do it in the Terminal, but that is cumbersome.I definitely needed to recharge over my lunch hour on a day I was using the phone a lot.I don't feel the touch keyboard is as accurate for me as the iPhone. I have no idea why. Man, I miss Swype from Android.The apps available are OK, but there just isn't the library or maturity that IOS has.Of all the phones I've used above, my favorite is probably the Blackberry, but I need a better web experience on  a modern phone, so I'm on the iPhone again at the moment, and hoping t-mobile  1900Mhz 3G comes to Columbus, OH soon.