Updated 1-21-13.  Unlocked Cell Phone Kings of Miami, FLA,finally said in December 2012 that they would replace my completely locked up phone with a refurbished phone.  It took a lot of conversation to get to this point of a refurb phone.  Initially they said they did not have any NEW phones although they were still advertising NEW phones on Amazon and I was able to put a new phone in my "cart."  When questioned why they still showed new phones on Amazon they got very nasty and said they would not help me.  So I sent the phone back and it was returned later that week.  IT WAS MY SAME BROKEN PHONE.  UCPK said that I had sent in a different phone, that I had switched phones, that I did not send in the phone that was purchased from Amazon, that the phone had a different serial number that the one originally sent.  NOT TRUE.  I purchased 1 phone online and have the shipping statement and the box it was sent to me in.  UCPK refused to fix the phone or replace it as they had promised because they said I voided the warranty since I switched phones on them. I have the paper trail of where, when, and who ported my service from my previous phone to the Palm Pixi phone purchased from UCPK.  Obviously they required the serial number at time of porting service so there is a trail of evidence and I am not the one lying.  DO NOT BUY FROM UNLOCKED CELL PHONE KINGS of MIAMI, FL.  THEY ARE NOT HONEST.FIRST REVIEW OF UNLOCKED CELL PHONE KINGSI bought my Palm Pixi from Unlocked Cell Phone Kings in April 2012. As of December 2012, it has gone bad, will not unlock, cannot make/receive calls, cannot text. There is only a 90 day warranty with Amazon. I found the number for UK and have called. They could not do anything for me on the phone. I asked if they had any other phone I could purchase to use with Page Plus Prepaid. They would not discuss this or help me. They said they would send a link to an online form that you have to fill out and submit, which I did. I have been waiting since last week for an answer. You have no idea who... Read MoreI bought my Palm Pixi from Unlocked Cell Phone Kings in April 2012. As of December 2012, it has gone bad, will not unlock, cannot make/receive calls, cannot text. There is only a 90 day warranty with Amazon. I found the number for UK and have called. They could not do anything for me on the phone. I asked if they had any other phone I could purchase to use with Page Plus Prepaid. They would not discuss this or help me. They said they would send a link to an online form that you have to fill out and submit, which I did. I have been waiting since last week for an answer. You have no idea who you are communicating with and what they will or will not do. After several unanswered emails thru Amazon to UK, I received a response from UK saying that my email would be "processed" soon. Unknown what "process" means. So until I get a response, I am without a phone which is not a great situation for a senior citizen living alone or anyone else!! The original purchase experience with UK was good. Phone arrived in a timely manner. Depending on how this is handled will determine if I purchase from UK again. You sure don't know about a company until you have to use their customer service department.  I still hope they will do something to help me.