If you're going to get the best service provider, you might as well get their best phone (the blackberry 7510 is in a category all by itself).  This phone boasts some of my favorite necessities: 600 phone number storage capacity, GPS, and a color display, voice activation, and speaker phone.  I also enjoy the name specific ring tones and color flashes it comes standard with.I read through some of the feedback on this phone and was wanting to clarify some of the ignorance that is being stated.1)  The battery life is typical that of the other Nextel phones.  Not better and not worse.  Charge it every night and you'll be fine (and I talk 4000 minutes a month).  A Nextel phone uses more juice because the phones are setup to "actively seek out a signal."  Other carrier's phones are programmed to sit in a dormant state until the signal "comes to them."  I'm sure you can figure out these advantages on your own...2)  The games are decent at best that come with the phone.  What's important is that you can buy or "obtain" hundreds of games because the phone is java enabled.  A key thing to note is that Nextel's are buisness tools in nature.  Hence, you can note the focus of buisness tools on the phone.  If you're looking for some cheap play toy, you're looking at the wrong carrier.  If you're looking for a status symbol, read on...3)The "No Alarm Clock" feature that I've seen posted is not true.  Think outside the box.  The useful organizer/date book that is included in the phone is there for a reason.  Set an appointment in it for when you want to wake up...4)An account setup fee is typical.  A first month proration fee is also typical among cell companies.  Also, taxes are taxes--you pay the same high percentage no matter who you have.5)Coverage, it depends where you are located.  I'm guessing in the deserts of Arizona you'd have bad coverage.  However, of the 20 or so states I've visited, Nextel has had SUPER coverage.  Just recently I can vouch for about ever Vegas Casino ;D.  Oh, did I mention there is never roaming charges with any plan?6)If you have a tendancy to hit the Walkie Talkie button while it's on your side/in your purse, hit 'menu' then 'star' and lock lock the keypad.  Don't worry, it unlocks auto when someone calls.  Nuff said.7)There is a Vibe/Ring Feature.  Vibe 3 times then ring 3 times.8)The Sprint/Verizon Walkie Talkie's suck.  If you don't believe me try them.  Nextel uses 2 systems in their towers (a duplex and a simplex-one for voice one for 2way).  On a user end, a person 2waying from Florida to Hawaii will note instant connection.  Verizon/Sprint only have 1 system in their towers.  The way they 2way is using 'packets' from the cellular.  What is unavoidable is the packets having to go through the landline telephone network.  Put it this way, make a call and see how long it connects.  Umm, average 5.7 seconds (according to the studies I've read).  Now picture hitting a walkie talkie button and waiting 5.7 seconds for each response.  Again, nuff said.9)Telenav TRACK is incredible and DOES work.  Ask to get a demo and use it like I did.  It talks to you telling you where to turn and even recalcules directions on the fly if you miss an exit.  A+++Well, there was my 2 cents.  If you're curious as to how I know all this stuff, I'm an electrical engineer and like to know everything about the toys I buy...