I have owned this phone for 15 months now, so I pretty much know the ins and outs of it.First, let's cover the negatives:1) It does not synchronize its clock with the tower, and the clock loses about a minute per week.2) The antenna permanently protrudes and may break, given enough pressure.  (This has apparently happened to at least one reviewer.)3) There is no way to turn off useless animation on the main screen.  Apparently every background has been designed with animation in mind, with the PURPOSE for said animation being a distant minor issue.  For example, my background of choice is a monthly calendar.  Above it is a large number that indicates the month (right now, "7"), but beside it are three mysterious cubes of differing sizes which rotate once per second.  WHY???  Also, in the period of time after I dial someone's number but before they pick up, there is another very mysterious animation: it looks like balloons on the bouncing up and down on the surface of water.  I would rather preserve the battery than to waste valuable power on puzzling me with useless animations.Despite the fact that I've had the phone for so long, it still sometimes surprises me with its well-thought-out design.The shell:I'm impressed with how durable the flip aspect of the phone feels.  I've compared it to other phones, and those just feel flimsy.  This one is either reliably open, or reliably closed, like a seat belt.  The earbud jack is tightly plugged by an attached rubber flap.  However, the power jack is not -- the phone came with a detached rubber plug which I lost soon thereafter.  The only control accessible when the phone is flipped shut is the volume control which also serves the purpose of activating the backlighting of the front display as well as of silencing an incoming call without disconnecting it, allowing you to silence it, make a very rapid exit, and to answer it then.  Very good design.The front display:The front display is generally not backlit but still on, like typical calculators.  When there is no action, it shows the time, date, signal strength, and battery life.  When someone calls, the display lights up and displays the person (or the phone number) calling.  When I receive a text message, it displays a mailbox.  If you are in a dark area and want to see the display, you can hold the volume toggle on the side and the backlight will turn on for a few seconds.The main display:Aside from negative item #3 above, the main display is well-designed.  In the white bar at the top there is signal and battery strength, and the bottom bar displays what actions the top two keys on the keypad will perform.  (Typically "Menu <---> Ph. Book")  Above the bottom bar is a clock, and the rest of the screen is occupied by a background of your choice.  I like the calendar because it's the most useful, but the phone comes with wallpapers such as "Season", "Eagle", "Bird", as well as several other semi-useful ones such as "Digital Clock" and "Analog Clock".  The main display will dim after about 10 seconds of inactivity, and will turn off about additional 20 seconds later.  (I think this is configurable.)Visual alert:The phone has an LED next to the antenna in the top-right front corner.  Typically it lazily flashes green once every ~10 seconds just to let you know that the phone is alive.  When someone is calling, it frenetically cycles through all its colors, about 5 per second, to get your attention.  When someone sends you a text message, it blinks about twice every second.  Quite useful.The menus:Every option of the menus can be reached either by scrolling up and down through nested menus, or by entering a sequence of digits on the keypad.  Here, too, the top-level menu shows just one option per "page", with the rest of the page being filled by another animation.  However, these animations are actually pertinent to the option rather than mystifying me.  This phone is very configurable: there are separate top-level categories for Sound Settings, Phone Settings, and Network Services, and they contain all kinds of stuff.  For example, you can configure whether the phone answers an incoming call when you flip it open, or whether you have to press a button explicitly.  You can choose from the standard three languages for the interface.  You can set up an approved list of phone numbers that the phone is able to dial.  You can set the clock to display military time both on the front and main displays.Phone book:You may add multiple phone numbers per contact, and the phone can differentiate between home, work, and mobile numbers as well as an email address, by displaying different icons next to each number.Predictive text:There isn't much to say about it since it is a standard feature nowadays, but it is well-integrated: in almost every text field you can choose to enter text in predictive mode.Stability:I've heard many stories of the operating system on cell phones being unstable and requiring a reboot every so often.  Not this one -- I never need to turn it off.  Furthermore, I haven't discovered a single flaw.  (The negative aspects mentioned above are by design, so I don't consider them flaws.)  It has been said that the phone is slow to initialize, which I suppose is true, but the simple solution is: don't turn it off!Battery life:To continue with my "don't turn it off" suggestion: there is just no need to, as the battery life is very good.  The indicator has three bars total, and I've only *once* seen it go down to two bars -- this is after about 24 hours of being unplugged and occasionally used.  It charges very quickly, too.  About 30-60 minutes after plugging it in, it's finished.