I realize this review site is for the Net 10 Huawei Ascend, but since I have the same phone from Page Plus I thought I would share my thoughts. I purchased this phone from Page Plus Cellular which uses the Verizon network. So far the phone is very nice. My previous phone was a Samsung Galaxy S2 phone on the VirginMobile / Sprint network. The Samsung phone would reset itself constantly and the it damaged my SD card also the Sprint network at my location was terrible. So back to the Huawei Ascend Plus, screen is bright, has a nice rubberized feel. First thing to do which this phone is to install a SD Card! I installed a 32gb micro sd card. Remove back cover and you will see the install location above the battery. Next set the phone to use the SD card for the apps instead of the internal memory) THIS IS A MUST WITH THIS PHONE! due to its low internal memory. Just go to settings, storage and click on default storage location and set it for SD Card. Next I set the phone to connect to my home wi-fi and downloaded  26 of my favorite apps. There is an app called Super tool box 10+. Use it, it will clear your cache, free your memory and do many more things for free. I've used it for years on all my android phones. Now back to the phone. Phone is fast and works perfectly so far! MP3 player sounds great, I use the Poweramp app for music. Videos play well, I use the free MX player for videos. (Set it to use SW codec). The phone only handles 3G data , but on the Verizon network it blows away my old Sprint network. Phone calls are clear and I am now connected in areas I could not get a connection before. This Phone with the Verizon network just works well!UPDATE: Still using the micro SD card I am up to 34 apps on my 5 screens + the apps that came with the phone that I don't use. I've added 2x battery for power saving (shuts on and off the data at a frequency that you select) I've added super keyboard app (I feel it is a better keyboard than what came with the phone) I added Zedge app which gives many many ringtones to choose and more. Phone Reception monitor that give me a digital read out of the Verizon cell signal. I added Waze which may be the best GPS app out on the android market. Who says this phone doesn't hold much!! And its still fast and working great! Don't forget to open Super tool box and run and erase your cache from time to tome. Love this phone with the Verizon network!Second UPDATE: I am now well over 40 apps with NO PROBLEMS. My internal memory ram for apps is at 250mb. I am impressed with the battery life! Blows away my old Samsung S11. I bought a 4.2 volt Life Tech battery charger (which is the max voltage for this Huawei Ascend Plus H881c battery) Just remove the back of the phone, and battery,  insert the pins of the charger on the + and - of the battery (polarity does not matter the charge will adjust)When the charge stops blinking you are charged. I purchased an extra battery and now I switch them in the morning before going to work. To show how long it lasts, I put the phone on my belt at 4:30am and check emails, listen to my music etc while com-mutating to work at 12:10pm lunch time I am at 98%. Crazy good!