My wife and I each have one of this model Tracfone.  Neither has been a problem with outgoing or incoming calls.  No dropped calls.  Voice quality has been clear and natural sounding.  We haven't yet found any areas where the phone won't work, and this covers New England to Oregon.  Those are the "pros."  The following are the "cons," along with some physical features we would like to see improved:-  One of my biggest cons is the fact that the browser key is fixed and cannot be changed or disabled. The prompt that gets you into this limited browser can  be easily activated and cost you fractions of minutes.-  I carry my T301G sideways in a belt holder.  I have occasionally missed a call when extracting the phone and quickly pressing the "off" button by mistake.  This won't shut the phone off, but it will cancel the incoming call.-  The little, raised line under the display is used to slide the phone open.  This line is too small and and just about useless to use.  A rubber, or ribbed area on the side of the phone would be much more useful to slide the phone up.  I find the process to be a "two thumbs" operation if you don't want to press on the LED display all the time - or activate one of the soft keys which are much too close.-  My previous Tracfone was a "clamshell" V176.  This has a rubber feel to the phone, and I never thought I might drop the thing because of a slick, or slippery exterior.  I wish the T301G was made from the same material - although I have not yet dropped this phone.-  The four soft keys can be programmed for whatever you want.  I have found that assigning your "contact list," messages, list of incoming calls and phone info (minutes and time left) works best for me.  The keys themselves, however, are still too small.  The "incoming calls" one is needed for when I mistakenly disconnect a call as mentioned above.-  I found the phone information that constantly scrolls across the screen to be distracting and irritating.  I was able to shut this function off through the menu though.  The press of one of the soft keys now tells me this information.The above "cons" are not a deal breaker for me.  Life with this phone would be just a little easier if they were addressed.Some other thoughts:-  I have never had trouble adding minutes to either phone.  I do it over the internet.  All they want is your phone number (as long as the phone is registered with Tracfone - easy to do).  You purchase the minutes/time and they appear on the phone almost immediately.  Keep the phone "on" while doing this.-  My V176 lasted almost six years with no problems until the last two weeks of it's life.  If I can get this same performance from the T301G, then (for the price)I think it will be worth it.-  I know it would make the phone a bit larger, but I wish the soft keys, menu and browser keys, and key pad itself were a little larger.  Less room for error and more comfortable to use.-  I have the phone set to answer (or call) when the slide is used.  I don't think the browser will activate, by accident, when the phone is closed, because it's locked then.(Edit on the above - If the phone is "on," then the browser will activate even when the phone closed (locked).  This "con" continues to grow larger)Not a great camera, but it will do in a pinch.The volume control is on the side of the phone.  Ascending from 1 thru 7.  One press below 1 puts the phone on vibrate.  Easy.All-in-all, this is a nice little phone, for the price, and the fact that no contracts are involved.  Much less expensive to operate than than most any other phone. It would, (at least for me) be the perfect little phone if the above "cons" could be ironed out.__________________________________March, 2014 -I have to add these thoughts to the above review.  It's been just about four years since I wrote the above comments.  The necessity of opening the phone by placing a thumb on the screen has not been a problem at all.  The rugged little screen is no worse for the constant manipulation.  My wife and I were up in mid-Maine last May.  I had my new Apple iPhone with me.  Three of the others I was with had iPhones and one android phone.  It was necessary to call a person at the local historical society. These four "high end" phones got "no service" in this remote area. I remembered that I had the Tracfone in the glove compartment, because I still had a couple of months of time left on the phone. Yes - you guessed it - the Samsung T301G made this call just fine.  No, the T301G doesn't take really clear photos and it's difficult to send a text or record appointments. But, it was the only device (out of five) that actually made a telephone call!  You know I put another year on the T301G and have it with me when I need to travel to these out-of-the-way places.  I can now add "dependable" to the list of positive comments above.  I don't know why the Tracfone was the only one able to make the important call - I just know that it did.  The above "cons" are still valid, but have not been the problem I anticipated when writing the initial post.  This phone is a gem.