From the moment I saw this little phone I fell in love with it.  Got off to a rocky start in that the first phone I received I had to return it as it had problems and according to verizon it was not a "new" phone despite it saying it was.  They discovered it had been used by one other person.  After about a week it had problems.  The main reason being that it constantly shut itself off and thus you lost your call, or if you were texting you lost your text,the battery indicator always showed "full" leaving you with no idea what was left. The battery itself kept falling out and Verizon said to put a small piece of a business card under the battery and it would hold it in place.  I returned the phone not wanting to have these problems with a "new" phone.  But I still wanted this particular phone.  I found someone in NY that had brand new ones and got one from them and have had it now for a month and have not had a single problem with it and it is such fun to use.  It is considered a "border line dumb phone" but when you go to register it with Verizon for the $50 a month prepaid plan with unlimited talk and text, it won't let you. It's serial number indicates it is a smartphone because you can access email but as I understood it you did need a data package to do that. Others say you don't. It has a small amount of multi media that would work with a data package.  But I don't care about that stuff because all I wanted was a simple great little phone with the qwerty keyboard.  If I want to get on line, etc.  I have my laptop to do all that.  I just don't need to be paying for a phone to do the same thing my laptop does I also paying for.  Call me frugle.  I absolutely adore this little phone, it is easy to use, comfortable to hold, great sound quality, clear.  The one thing that I was instantly sold on and wish more phones would be like this one is to get to its keyboard all you do it turn it sideways and open it up!  The keyboard does not slide out, it just rolls back!  Thus it is very slim with no bulk.  It comes in both burgundy and dark blue.  I got the burgundy one and am not sorry. I just wish the phones would come with a user's manual.  They seem to all be on line now. That sucks.  I printed mine off and took it to an office supply store and had it trimmed down to a manageable 5x7 size and put a spiral binder on the top.  Works for me.  That's the only reason I gave this a 4 star instead of a 5 star.  The phone itself is a 5 star!  Wish Verizon would bring it back.