This was my second cell phone and my second Motorola, but my first touchscreen phone. The Rokr E6 was a replacement to my U3 PEBL flip phone, and a considerable upgrade in terms of performance and hardware. I used it for a year before I broke the screen, but in that time I fell in love with it.This is a quality product, made of metal and plastic.The hardware specs are impressive for a phone released in 2006 costing just $250-300...some features more exepensive phones didn't have.2.4" TFT 240x320 touchscreen with 256k color supportvirtual QWERTY keyboard, standard alphaneumeric T9 text entry8MB internal storagedownloadable polyphonic MP3, MP4, .WAV media supportphoto calling, 50 entry 50 dialed call logs,3.5mm headphone jackBluetooth v. 2.0 AD2PEDGE class 10 236kbps., WAP 2.0 xHTML, HTML Web browsermicroUSB 2.0MP3, WMV. WMA digital media player,PC-connectivity through Motorola's PhoneTools software2.0MP 1600x1200 rear-facing camera with macro-mode and 8x digital zoom352x288 CIF video recording32-bit Intel 321MHz processorRDS FM radioJava v. 2.0 for browsing and downloadable gamesSMS, EMS, MMS, email, with instant messagingDocument reader Microsoft PowerPoint, Excel, Word, PDF compatibilityBusiness card scanner/readerFull PDA digital organizerInterestingly, this phone ran Linux's OS. Other interesting features included a standard Secure Digital SD card slot with 2GB max. capacity.It was rugged, dependable, and good-looking too! It had an aluminum back cover with machined Motorola logo, aluminum earpiece accent, an aluminum center button for the D-Pad, and a very attractive finish on the physical keys which included ou got the d-pad selector, call send, end, back key, browser launcher, and two soft keys. The backlighting for the kleys was a very cool mellow blue, not too bright.The E6 is the counterpart to the A1200 weird flip/touchscreen Ming sold primarily in China. While the Ming is designed as a utilitarian PDA-type device (not a smart phone, but neither is this one), the Rokr is geared towards a blend of PDA and multimedia. The phone is a GSM band device launched in the European and Asian markets, and unlocked it can be used on ATT or T-Mobile's networks here in the USA. If you do, it does need to be set up to use the US carrier's data and multimedia functions though like MMS messaging and the carrier's WAP Web services, which was a hassle, but worth it because it worked great afterwards.The Motorola PhoneTools software and microUSB allowed you to sync your phone to the PC, create ringtones, customize the UI's skin and appearance, and download Java-based games which were readily available and free on the Internet.I really enjoyed using this phone. It was easy to hold despite being slippery, and a little heavy at 121 grams for it's size. It measures 4.3x2x.6 inches.The media player was great. The screen was bright, responsive to touch, and the resolution was great. It didn't wash out in direct sunlight like phone displays do nowadays either. The FM RDS radio only worked with headphones attached, but you could listen to it through the phone's loudspeaker, which worked great, 0ne of the best I've used so far. It was loud, and clear. Call quality was typical Motorola...very good. Calls came in loud and clear and the recipients could hear me just fine. The reception on T-Mobile was also great.The camera took really good pictures, but the videos were also good for 2MP. Audio came in loud and clear. The 8x zoom was good, but anything past 2x was almost useless. Overall, a great camera, as good if not better than other phone cameras, which were still in development.My only gripe was the small screen size. The QWERTY keypad was tiny and only came in portrait mode (no autorotation accelerometer's yet). It did come with a very cool aluminum and plastic stylus though, or you could use the standard virtual alphaneumeric keypad.Overall, a VERY cool phone, even for it's day it was high tech and feature-packed. It wasn't an HTC or Blackberry, but it was a great option for someone wanting a quality handset with a lot of useful features. I was sad to see it go!