I've been using this Samsung cell phone for almost 6 months. If you're looking for a no-frill, functional cell phone for phone calls only, this Samsung phone does the job. I don't use text messages, so I cannot comment about its text message features. Definitely buy a silicon cover for this cell phone, prevent slippery phone.I've previously used Nokia cell phone for more than a decade. It takes some getting used to Samsung's design logic.1) I hate that Samsung sets restriction on Contact info list. I can't store long address, or multiple address, or multiple e-mail address in the Contact info list like I used to do with the Nokia cell phone. Some friends and family members have more than one mailing address (or long addresses).  I've used the Nokia cell phone for 7 years until the hearing piece malfunctioned - forcing me to turn all phone calls into speaker-phone calls, no privacy in phone calls. Otherwise, I would have kept using the old Nokia phone. Now, I'm afraid to wear my Samsung phone on my neck because it looks a bit like Blackberry phone (or when the Samsung phone is flipped to its back side, it looks like a smartphone). As you know, many robbers are stealing iPhone and Android smartphones from people on the street.2) I cannot manually lock my Samsung cell phone when putting it in my handbag, I need to be gentle with my handbag or wait about 1 minute for the Samsung cell phone to self-lock itself before putting it in my handbag. The Nokia cell phone allowed user to manually lock cell phone to avoid unintentionally speed-dialing when putting it aside in a bag or pant pocket. The lack of manually lock phone feature is a minus for Samsung cell phone.3) The keypads are extremely small for anyone with big fingers. I have small fingers but sometimes I still find it hard to type on small keypads. I also spent some time (via trial & error) to figure out how to use the keypad to type symbols and signs. The user manual that came with the packaging seem to be missing a big chunk of the user manual instructions. I went to Samsung's website to see the user manual online which contains many more pages. But still, the user manual seems incomplete.4) Some nice features: Stop watch, timer, measurement converter for length, width, height, weight, volume, area (convert to & from metric system), tip calculator and regular calculator. BUT, I must say the currency converter is useless because it doesn't update currency conversion rates on periodic basis. Best to know the currency conversion rates, then use the regular calculator to convert the currency yourself.5) Althought I have a USB cable for this Samsung, the pictures I took on this cell phone doesn't get transferred to my computer. I heard you have to use a memory card to save your pictures, then use the indirect method to transfer pictures to computer. Since I don't subscribe to cell phone internet services, I don't have the option to e-mail the pictures from my cell phone.Overall, this Samsung does the job for receiving and sending phone calls. There are minor annoyances as stated above, but I can live with them.