Purchased this phone to go with my Sprint unlimited data service, and really like it.  My daughter got the LG Nexus 5 and she loves it, but it's bordering on a small tablet (like almost every other phone out there today) and it's just too big for me.  The Moto X is the perfect size for me, small enough to slip into a shirt pocket or more frequently one of the back pockets of a pair of jeans when not in my hand.There are plenty of reviews out there and the feature set is fairly typical and well established, so I won't go into any of that except to say that I have not had a single glitch with this phone in the several months that I've owned it (knock on MDF, particle board or whatever passes for wood today).  I shut it down and re-start it every now and then only because I like to do that periodically, but it has never required me to reboot it to fix anything.It smoothly transitions between 3G, 4G, wifi and no-G, and has run any app I've tried more than fast enough.  Ok maybe side-by-side with a quad core phone it might trail in doing something by 0.13 seconds, but in practice I have to say if that is meaningful to anyone then they value their fractional seconds more than I do.  In addition to handling web browsing and texting in stride, it also makes phone calls!  It sends and receives pretty clean voice, and the best news is that it doesn't feel like you're holding a small tablet against your head (in those instances when blue tooth or it's speakerphone mode isn't appropriate).I picked up a "SUPCASE" black case to put around it, which is slim and comfortable compared to the Otter Box I had on my HTC previously (the HTC was a glitchy phone).  It keeps the package nice and small and I have already dropped the thing from waist height (cold weather, dry hands) with no damage.I can't think of too many products I've purchased where there weren't at least one or more things that bugged me or that I wish were implemented differently, but I'd say that this is very close to one of those rare occasions.  Close because there is one thing that I think I wish was different: I wish it had a replaceable battery.  About a year or so into previous phones I've owned, I've put in an after-market new battery to get a little more life back.  Time will tell how the Moto X battery holds up as it's too early to tell if they've stuck a quality battery into this phone.  I can say that on days when it doesn't get a lot of use it has gone for 3 days before recharging.  Of course, heavy use drags this number down, but since I have other things of value to do with my time aside from diddling with a phone all day, I typically get 2 days from a full charge.Highly recommended.