I had this phone for about 3 years now. I bought for 500$ it shortly after it was released and I ended up selling it for 30$ for a Nokia 1100. Why? Here comes:The phone looks very good on the outside but the chromed ring surrounding the front of the phone will wear out in time and it will look awful. Also it's got a back cover for the camera which opens pretty easily and that might be a problem if you hold it in your pocket. You'll find your phone with the open camera and that sucks.- The camera shoots pretty good pictures, unless you zoom in and you'll find your pictures with potato-sized pixels.- The music player is decent, but the phone, can't handle too much music (over 4 gb of music will make your player move like crap) and often when you'll try to switch between songs, you'll find yourself with a "General Error". Sucks- The software...here comes the biggest let-down: It's an S60 series Symbian OS. It's been known that it's a problematic software, you won't able to install much of the apps, slow loading everything, bugs and software updates won't help at all.- Navi wheel and accelerometer: The navi wheel is among the only things that are good on this device. You just move your finger on the center of the keyboard and you'll scroll between songs, pictures, etc. The accelerometer is a huge fail. Has a 2-sec delay, problematic and buggy.- Speaker: Good stereo, but when you activate the speaker during a call, the person on the other side will have problems hearing you.- Battery: Decent- Hardware: like I said before...very slow, if you have a lot of songs and pictures, it will move very slow.- Wlan, internet, maps: The wlan worked pretty decent, but after a while it stopped working(when It failed to connect and I would try to connect again, the phone said the connection is still active - again, software issue). The maps worked pretty well, but you have to wait ALOT for the gps system to locate you. In the end it didn't find me at all. So fail- Nokia Ovi suite: The software will drive you insane with the updates(about 2 per month), but no update makes a difference actually. Slow loading of the phone content, sometimes won't load, slow transfer rate.OVERALL: This is called a smartphone. I wouldn't call it that way. It can do a lot of things, but each one badly. After 3 years of good care, when I sold it, it looked like a trainwreck. Both internal and external. It's made of shiny, low quality plastic, chromed metal which wears out in time, scratched keys. The maps did not work anymore, neither the wlan. I can honestly say that it's been the WORST phone I ever had. And I had about 15 phones so far. And it's a genuine Nokia. Now I use my old Nokia 1100 is more reliable and better as a phone.PS:Sorry for my bad english...