After feeling duped from spending a hundred bucks on the worthless Nokia Nuron (Which btw I don't recomend!) I wanted something that I am used to, I am not used to those touch screen thingy's nor am I data user, I previously owned the G1 and the G2 and loved them both! When I dropped mine in water it stopped working so I bought the Nuron. After doing much research into finding a phone I wanted that fit my needs, I couldn't find any through T-mobile, most phones they have on there site are geared more for smartphone users and that's not my thing, and the ones that weren't were just plain ugly! I even tried pre-paid to see and nothing. So I stumbled across this phone and decided to give it a try! It is a G3 it can't be that bad! Well I know for a fact that its better then the Nuron lol!! But I haven't gotten it yet and I am a little worried because i never bought any phones through here before so it worried me. I have heard the "horror stories" about buying new from places like this, and the stuff really ain't "new" and there's always water damage and yada yada yada... Well I can tell you right now that if there's any sign of water damage I will be sending back to seller! That;s what makes me nervous. But I also bought some covers to protect the phone too! But I read the reviews on here and it seems like no one had any problems with the phone so I should be ok. I ordered two of the phones one for me and the other for my hubby because he hates the Nuron just as much as I do... he didnt even like any of the upgrade options threw t-mobile. He also previously had G1 & G2. Plus the colours of this phone intrigued me because i am a carolina panthers fan, and it's there colours! But as soon as i recieve my phone I will update this and let you know how I make out.OK Update 11/17/2011 -  I no longer have this phone because my cat knocked it off my coffee table and the screen got something funky all over it, it looks like one of my kids scribbled all over my screen with a black sharpie. That's what I thought it was at first so I kept scrubbing and it just wasn't coming off. I actually liked the phone because I had previously owned other Gravity's and nothing like that ever happened to them when I dropped it. I am a little P***** because I didn't have the phone long. Besides the phone was just like the other gravity's but I LOVED the colours. So In some research I bought me another phone from amazon through a seller.. I know I said I hated touch screens before but I got the samsung behold only because it's pink lol I love pink! That phone is actually nice and way better then the gravity and the nuron! I love it!PS: My mom wants the nuron and I told her dont do it..lol..Once my phone comes and I know everything is ok, she can have my nuron and deal with the headaches lol!