I have been a Cingular customer for 18 months or so, after switching from Sprint. I have long wanted to switch away from Cingular again due to the poor reception and frequently dropped calls on my original phone. The phone was a Samsung entry-level model, zero cost with 1-year plan. I spoke with a few of my friends in the area and they swore that their Cingular experience has been better than mine. They all have more expensive phones. After some research, I decided to give Cingular a second chance by buying the Nokia 6102 out of pocket (rather than getting an upgrade "deal" with a 2 year contract extension.)It was a good decision. This phone has turned me into a happy Cingular customer, for the most part. The reception is much stronger. My old phone would give 0 bars at my house, this one gives 1-3 bars and holds calls even inside my house. It still drops calls in a few low spots that I drive through, but I figure that's unavoidable.The camera is a cute toy. It takes blurry pictures in poor lighting, but decent shots in good light. I got a USB download cable to retrieve my photos. I have yet to get Cingular's multimedia messaging to work to email the pics to my account. (I suspect that's a Cingular problem, not a phone problem).The wireless web browser is nice, and it's a real convenient way to upload pics and sounds to the phone. The data cable also works well for that, and the free (from the Nokia website) software for the cable includes tools to help construct images and sound clips.Managing my address book took some work. I had all my numbers stored on the card from my old phone. The new phone didn't read the card quite the same way: it kept all the numbers, but lost the flags that told me which number was home, work and cell for each person. Eventually I moved all my numbers to my Windows Address book and use the cable and software to sync the two. That works beautifully.Bottom line: The phone is great. Cingular still has a few quirks that I live with. Toy camera is fun. Data cable is a highly recommended accessory.Followup on Nov 29, 2005:Still love my phone. I've not noticed any problems with pushing buttons by accident when it's closed.My USB cable is *not* the one that Nokia sells for $50. It's an asian unbranded cable that I paid around $15 for. Use Google to find one. Had a bit of fun getting the drivers straight at first, but otherwise works like a charm. Also, I think the IrDA function is supposed to work with the Nokia software as well, if you have an IrDA laptop or similar device.Finally, if you have a website somewhere that you can put files up for download, it's pretty easy to load images and ringtone sound files into the phone using the wireless web browser. Just upload to your website and then download via the phone browser. All you pay for is the airtime to download.