I have owned a smart phone of some sort for a very long time, primarily as a function of my job.  I began in 2001 holding and using a Blackberry (I believe a 7xxx at the time?)  And migrated through the Blackberries.  At a certain point, though, things changed and the iPhone became my primary smart phones.  I owned the iPhone 3GS/4/4S.  When the 5 came out, I had hold of it on release day.. and was immediately let down.  Longer, not wider didn't provide me the features that I was looking for, and it appeared obvious to me that Apple had lost the thread of real innovation.I played with the Samsung Galaxy S3, and frankly, was impressed.  The screen was nice, the layout was nice.  But some of the key functionality within the Galaxy S3 struck me as lacking just the key comforts.. and, frankly the Galaxy S3 build quality seemed to come across to me as "cheap" despite the high price.  It just didn't have the finish, the camera shots weren't what I was after.Being willing to experiment with multiple phones, I had my eye on giving Windows Phone 8 a try with the Nokia 920.  I've had the 920 a couple of days, and I have to say I've rarely used a phone that made as much quick sense as the Nokia 920.  Let me go over the pros:* Live Tiles are a more efficient layout method compared to either iPhone or Android.  Frankly, the instant live rolling track system that for me monitors email and updates (twitter/facebook) is both sensible and fast.  You will never flip through pages on your phone to find what you're looking for, and pinning items to your front screen just makes sense.* SkyDrive integration is a MAJOR benefit.  One of the greatest qualms I had about the iPhone as well as the Android was the way my pictures came off once I had taken them.  Seemingly saved in high compression JPEGs, or exportable off the phone in a compressed format (photostream or email or whatever) the Nokia 920's ability to save high quality shots straight to your online Skydrive . I had no problem getting full quality high resolution images that look stunning and absolutely put what I was getting on the 4S and Galaxy to complete shame.  But Skydrive's other big benefit is the easy integration into your Windows PCs (7 and 8).  I've long used DropBox and Box, but SkyDrive's unifying factor across your Windows platforms really gives you an unbelievable level of access to your home PCs when you're on the road.* Key functional apps are better on Windows platform.. and that's not a joke.  I'm not a huge app person.. and I recognize that the Windows8 App Store is growing (quickly) but it's still significantly smaller.  That said, several of the apps I use on a daily basis are improved from their Android and iPhone counterparts..  Audible for WP8 is THE best offering in a mobile environment of Audible, period.  It's clean design and easy to use layout really works incredibly well.* Contact integration of multiple sources (LinkedIn, Facebook, etc.) is so smooth that you'll be surprised how fast you're up and going.* File Format Support:  Yes, I could do this with Android as well (kind of) but being able to quickly drag .AVI, .MP4, .WMV files onto my Nokia 920 and have them playable on the phone quickly?  Fantastic stuff....  I've always recoded several in the past, but really nice to not have to break out mediacoder to get it into a compliant MP4.* This has one of the best looking screens I have ever seen on the phone; text is bright and easy to read, video and picture quality is also fantastic.  Even in sunlight, this phone remains incredibly easy to read and use.  I can't explain what a big bonus this is in comparison to a lot of the alternatives.There are some negatives:The Syncronization tool is in beta, and it's pretty rudimentary.  You're better off just dragging and dropping your stuff onto your phone or using Windows Media Player (yeah, I know).  I'm looking for a better synchronization tool, but reportedly MS is coming out with one soon.The App Store is growing.. but a lot of the key apps you may be used to aren't there yet.  Spotify has said Q1/2013.  Pandora is also a Q1/2013.  So, if you're an early adopter, you're going to wait a month or so for several big name apps to happen.  That having been said, since most of my big apps were there (Bank of America, Audible, a Tapatalk reader) are available now, I'm willing to invest and buy in.  Yes, you'll find Angry Birds and Fruit Ninja etc.  :)Many peripherals I'm waiting on will take a bit.. ATT is giving away a free wireless charger, but odds are you're going to have to wait for yours to get delivered.All said, if you're looking to do something different, to break with the herd, this is the phone to grab.  Fantastic screen, very fast LTE performance, great built in browser, and the extras that come with it are great.  I didn't even mention the Nokia exclusives (Nokia Maps, etc.) which really help make this the best bang for the buck smartphone on the market.  Period.