PROS---------The speed is great.-Beautiful screen and great in sun light.-Touch screen works in the cold and with ordinary gloves on.-Great Sound, video and still shots.-hard uni-body of the phone seems very durable-tethering is simple to use great to use.CONS-------Customization is lacking can't customize SMS notification tones, system font, etc.-NO MEMORY EXPANSION!-No reminder LED for missed texts, current e-mails, or missed calls.-Camera settings - not enough of them.I have had this phone for about two weeks and I love it.  The battery life is great the phone runs lean so it doesn't run the battery down.  The screen is beautiful to look at and use. I live in the northeast so it is getting cold and I love that you can use the touch screen while using regular gloves. The colors coming out of that screen are beautiful and vibrant.The phone is very fast and responsive so it has no problem running the new Windows 8 that it comes with. The camera is very nice and it takes some really nice pictures even in dim light. Voice calls are the clearest and the most noise free I have heard on any smartphone that I have owned so far. The outer shell of the phone is very strong and tough although it is a bit slippery for me at times since I picked the Yellow one. I got it while the offer for the free NFC wireless charger was offered so I have that as an accessory and it is really neat. Like that I can just lay the phone onto the wireless charger and not have to mess with the tiny USB connector for the regular wall charger. The wireless charger seems to take  little longer than the wall charger. Overall Nokia has done a good job at the phone design like they have in the past.  I owned a Nokia 5160 and that bad boy was heavy but tough as nails. The Lumia 920 reminds me of that toughness.Now what I don't like about the phone is the lack of features and setting in the software. Yes the Windows 8 tiles interface is easy to navigate and figure out. Yes you can move the tiles around and "customize" where your tiles are on the screen. Yes you can "pin" things and apps to your main screen.  What you can't do is really customize the phone to be "for each of us" like Microsoft advertises.  You can add special ringtones for your calls but you can't do the same for anything else.  You are stuck with the boring and not as loud notification tones setup by Microsoft and Nokia. There is no notification led light on the phone for missed calls either.  I could have said that during while I was talking about the hardware but since everything is controlled by software they could have used the software to control some of the navigation lights that are present in the front to notify you that there was a missed call or a message waiting for you - perhaps light up the "windows logo" light to a constant pulse. You can't change the phone's system fonts or much of anything else that you could think of.  I am sorry if it may seems petty but if the phone's operating system is advertised to be "for the each of us" that means customization to the max and I don't see it in the Windows phone 8 OS. Add more customization to your OS Microsoft, please, "for each of us".SB