I read the term "smartish phone" applied to the LG840G somewhere and liked it. If the iPhone 5 is genius, this thing has an IQ of about 85. Nonetheless it gets five stars from me, simply because you can't beat it for the price. For $35.00 on Amazon and no contract, I got a phone that does 90% of what I would use an iPhone for. The other 10% I can do better with my iPad anyway.The phone arrived a day earlier than originally expected (I ordered it on the weekend). I called Net10 to transfer my old Net10 number. Contrary to some other reviews the transfer was as next to painless as such things could be. The service rep was courteous and his English (though heavily accented) was clear. Within 15 minutes I was up and running.This phone looks like a smartphone, but is only smartish. You can't get apps (other than some games and a few java apps), so it's pretty much what you see. But that's not bad. There's a basic 2 MP camera and music player (you need to get a separate USB cable to connect to computer) a notepad, and a few other basic apps. For me, all I need.My old flip-phone only cost me $4.00 less, but was SO much less useful. I'm actually glad my wife dropped it in the water. Thank you, Honey.-------- Update ---------Having used the phone for a while now I've been able to find a few of its idiosyncrasies. The User Interface is practical but not fancy. The touch screen is a bit jerky and it's easy to open an app by mistake when trying to swipe to the next screen. The browser is very very basic. Don't expect to do any iPhone type surfing on it. Messages with downloads don't give you the info of who sent it so you use data time to download who-knows-what (today it was a "good luck angel" from a number i've never seen). By default the Notebook App brings up a number pad instead of the QWERTY keyboard, but this is easily fixable. Up in the right hand corner of the new note is a square with lines in it. Tap it and it gives you an "input" option. Select "keyboard" and type away. Unfortunately there is no way to save that setting. You have to do it each note.The same thing is available in other apps that take text. The most frustrating is the Contacts app. Each field brings up the same issue. You either have to type the first and last name with the phone numeric keyboard or set the input option to keyboard each time.When I tried to upload music to the phone with a USB cable, my MacBook (Running OSX Lion) wouldn't see it.  I removed the Micro SD card and used a card reader. That worked just fine, though it's a little more trouble. Sound is OK but not great with headphones (my iPod shuffle sounds slightly better in the bass range).With all that being said, I'm still very happy with this phone. It does all I need for very little money. I recommend it for the great number of callers who want more than a basic flip phone, but for whom an iPhone would be expensive overkill.