The HTC One V is a nice prepaid handset that has some awesome features and specs. For $199 this is truly a phone worth considering. Heres some of the specs:1 GHz Single Core Processor3.7 WVGA Super LCD, 800x480 DisplayBeats AudioAndroid 4.0.3/Ice Cream SandwichSense 45 MP Camera with LED FlashRecords in 720p HDDesign:The HTC One V is built out of a single piece of Aluminum which gives the phone a nice sturdy and durable feel. The phone also brings back the "Chin", which slightly raises the bottom of the phone. This is a love it or hate it. For me i love it, because it makes the phone unique and it makes it stand-out against the straight bar phones today. One thing you will notice instantly about the phone is how light and thin it is. Its just mind blowing.Camera:The Camera might not be the latest, but it still takes decent shots. The 5 MP camera is equiped with HTC's Image Sense Chip which helps takes images faster, and it does help alot. Indoor shots were a little grainy, but still were okay. Outdoor shots were great, although not as detailed, than the 8 MP cameras, colors were very bright, and overall nice. The camera also has continuous shooting, which lets you take a continuous range of pictures, and you decide which one is the best photo, and the phone will delete the rest, saving only the picture you took. I found that feature pretty fun to use. The camera also has a wide-range of modes like Low light, panorama, HDR, and more. The camera can also record in up to 720p HD, which looked fantastic. Videos were very crisp and detailed. Another thing i liked about the camera was that while your taking a video, you can also take pictures at the same time. Overall this camera has a lot of neat features that it brings to the table, from continous shooting, to the video recording this camera is marvelous.Performance:The phone comes equiped with a 1 GHz Single Core processor. Doing basic day-to-day tasks was smooth and fast, but going through the web, and playing heavy graphic apps tend to make the phone lag alot. At times i found the phone freezing. Basic web searches seemed to make the phone feel overwhelmed and stressed out. So if you don't use the web a whole lot or play heavy intensive apps, you should be fine.Screen:The screen is something you have to see to believe. The screen is absolutly fantastic. The screen is 3.7" setting it above the the iphone 4 and 4s, and just a smidge below the iphone 5. So for those of you who think phones are getting too big these days, this could be the phone for you. The screen wasn't to large too hold in one hand, and i can touch all 4 corners of the screen using my thumb. Colors were vibrant and true-to-life, while text looked clear and sharp. Playing games and watching movies look great, and the viewing angles on this phone are spectacular.Software:The phone comes with Android 4.0 aka Ice Cream Sandwich. HTC also added Sense Version 4. This version of sense is less intrusive and demanding than the other sense versions, so thats good. You get a decent amount of wallpapers and widgets to add to your 5 only screens. With Android 4.0 you get some of googles products preloaded, which include google+, google search, and access to the google play store. Now for the bad news. If you were hoping that the HTC One V was going to get Jelly Bean, think again. HTC released a statement saying that the HTC One V will not get Jelly Bean due to the lack of required Ram to runJelly Bean. Although Ice Cream Sandwich is still kindv'e new, it would have been nice to get jelly bean on this phone.Conclusion:The HTC ONE V is nice mid-range handset packing in some nice treats and goodies which range from the Sharp screen, to the camera. Since its only $199 without contract this a great device for anybody who wants a phone with some nice specs but without the heavy price. However, the processor is very lag prone, there is no front facing camera, and you wont be getting jelly bean anytime soon. But if all it takes is a great design, awesome camera, and beautiful screen then the HTC One V is for you!Hope you Enjoyed this review of the HTC One V!