If you intend to always have your laptop or tablet with you and immediately accessible, then the Galaxy Note is still a good choice for a phone. But if you expect to often be using your phone instead of the laptop or tablet that you don't have with you at that moment, then no other device I know of comes even close to the Galaxy Note. It fits in all the same places where my iPhone 4G used to fit (mostly my front pants pocket,) and it does just as good a job when used as a phone. (Some people think the larger size looks strange when used for voice calls, but I don't, and I've gotten only positive comments.)Now however, my phone also serves as my tablet without me needing to carry an additional device or have an additional data plan. That's huge for me, since I would carry my tablet in a bag and now I just don't carry the bag. I can also do a lot of real work that I normally do on my laptop.I used to have my tablet at home for media consumption and communications, and carry my laptop with me from work to home for more serious work. Now I have given away the Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet (btw was/is a great tablet), and I leave my laptop in the office most nights. The only thing I move around is my Galaxy Note. Big change.The Swype keyboard works quite well for me, and I've written multiple paragraphs without discomfort, but I'm thinking of getting a bluetooth keyboard to put in my travel bag, in case I want to do a lot of writing on the plane.Android 2.3.6 works well. I'm hoping ICS will be even better when it arrives, supposedly in a few months. A small thing is that when a text box appears and the cursor is blinking in it, why do I need to touch the text box to bring up the keyboard?I transferred my AT&T; Sim card from my iPhone to the Note, and then entered the APN information given in one of the other reviews to get the data working. It all worked well, EXCEPT that I didn't realize that the iPhone uses a micro SIM, but the Galaxy Note uses a standard size SIM, which cost me two days. Maybe ATT would have swapped SIM cards for me, but I didn't ask; I just ordered a micro Sim to standard Sim adapter for a couple dollars from Amazon and waited for it to arrive. The adapter works well, and now I can swap my Sim amongst devices, regardless of what size Sim they use, at least until the industry inevitably invents the next smaller size Sim card.I bought an HDMI adapter for the Note, and it works well, although I was surprised to learn that it needs a separate usb power input in addition to connecting it between the Note and the TV. So now I can watch videos on the TV. The TED Air app let's me download the TED talks in HD to the Note. The Note's screen is plenty big enough to watch the videos comfortably on the Note, or the HDMI adapter lets me watch them on the bigger screen, where they look great. Non-HD web videos will not look as good of course.The USB power adapter that came with the Note is European with a US adapter on top. So it's a little long. However, the Note's cable is standard USB on one end and standard Micro B USB on the other, so I've just been using my old iPhone USB power adapter. No doubt this is only an issue with the unlocked phone; I'm sure when the US carriers finally start selling the Note in the US, it will come with a standard US adapter. I was worried that there might be more issues with the fact that the phone was not made for the US market, but that's all I've noticed so far, except that when it starts up for the first time, the question of what language you want to use is asked in German. What's being asked is sort of obvious to anyone who's started up a phone before, but just in case they include in the package a little piece of paper to tell you which selection to make to switch everything to English. Just takes a second.Of course there's a lot to say about how good the screen, the camera, etc. etc. are, but you can get that info from the specs and other reviews. This phone really is excellent in just about every respect. In this review, I've tried to focus on 1) "Is it too big, or is it exactly the optimal size to do the multi-function job I want while staying as fully portable as my old phone." [Answer: the latter.] And 2) "Is it going to be a problem buying an unlocked non-US phone?" [Answer: It's mostly fine, although a) you may need to exchange your  micro Sim for a new standard Sim card form factor or buy an adapter in order to switch your Sim from your current phone (don't put a micro Sim in the Note's standard size Sim slot or it may go in deep enough to be difficult to get out), and b) you might find it a little weird entering the APN settings in order to get your data connection working--I had never done it before, but I just followed the steps outlined in the Amazon review by "san diego best weather" and it worked immediately.I've only had the Note a week. So far, I'm very, very pleased.