I've had this phone for a weekend so far and I really like it.  Bought it from Global Mobiles and it came in 2 days.  Popped my T-Mobile sim right out of my Nexus One and into this phone and it was off and running (gotta love GSM).  Was worried that it wouldn't be a "yakju" device like others have reported and I would have to re-image it to get the proper Google updates.  Checked it and it was a "yakju" device out of the box.  It asked me to update the phone minutes after I turned it on for the first time to 4.0.2 which was great.  Haven't had any of the issues that others have reported.  It did crash and reboot once while I was in the middle of using an app but this was a little while after I had went into the developer setting and set the phone to force hardware 2D rendering.  I promptly went back and turned this setting off and it hasn't crashed since.  Better to wait for developers to enable this in their apps.  The phone feels really fast especially compared to my Nexus One (as expected for a dual-core device).  The phone has pretty good reception, I get HSPA+ in most places averaging 3 to 4 bars.  I'm still getting used to some of the changes in Android and the size of the phone as well.  Even though its made of plastic,  the phone feels well put together (other then the battery cover, see below), its no iPhone, but I feel it holds its own.  The screen is amazing on phone.  The camera is so so, if you want to take nice pictures then buy a real camera.My big gripes with the phone are:- The battery cover is a bit of a pain to put back on.  I was a little nervous I was going to break it putting it back on.- 16gb only with no mico-sd card slot.  I was holding out for the 32gb model which would have taken care of this but after it was confirmed there would be no 32gb GSM model I went and bought this phone.- The phone felt a little slick in my hands and I felt like I was going to drop it.  I bought an Otterbox Commuter case and I can't recommend it enough.  Best phone case I've seen so far.  Otterbox SAM4-I515X-20-E4OTR Commuter Series Hybrid Case for Samsung Galaxy Nexus - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - Black-Charging adapter is kinda cheap looking and the way the U.S. plug inserts into it feels really loose.-Some apps aren't fully ICS ready yet.  Example: the Twitter app will not sync with my contacts.  Not a deal breaker and will subside with time.If you want a pure Android phone and you don't want to go to Verizon (or eventually Sprint) this is your best bet.  Like I said above I ordered it from Global Mobiles which qualifies for Amazon Prime and I ended up with a "yakju" phone so keep this in mind when you buy.  They also include instructions for setting up the APN's if you're an AT&T; customer which was nice (I didn't have to set anything up for T-Mobile).  So far I'm very happy with the device they sent me and I would recommend them to everyone else.  Except for one crash which I'm convinced was my doing, I haven't had any of the issues that other users have reported.  I'll update further if I run into any serious issues.  So far this phone has been a great upgrade from the Nexus One.