I purchased this phone in good faith, knowing that it's no longer really produced/supported by Nokia because Symbian is being phased out.  Nevertheless, I'm addicted to Nokia Maps and their free voice navigation that is provided with lifetime updates for free.  This is my main reason for sticking with Symbian/Nokia -the minimalistic design of the OS suits me since I don't need all the glamour of other operating systems.  That said, the N8 has an amazing camera and took really beautiful pictures, while I had it.Unfortunately the phone was returned because of the following reasons:- Before the OS update that I did when I connected the phone via Ovi, everything worked fine -phone calls, SMS/MMS, native applications, GPS, etc.  AFTER the update however, everything went downhill, as the update changed everything to Chinese (next to English, this was the only available language), changed the phone's product code, and rendered MAPS and GPS unusable.  I couldn't even open Maps, nor install them via Ovi Suite...  How is this possible?- My lack of faith in the origin of the phone led me figure it out before all the aforementioned mayhem began.  I noted everything from the Device Manager such as the OS details, product code, firmware version etc.  Apparently, when the update installed itself, it recognized the original firmware that was preloaded on the phone, which was of Chinese origin, and installed the update atop it.  All this was checked via Nokia's own NaviFirm software.  Some effort was required in piecing the firmware information and product codes together, but what I ended up with was a CHINESE FIRMWARE (for an Orange N8 to top things off -mine was silver).  This all finally made sense, why the installed update changed everything around (it even included some native Chinese apps), including the phone's entire usability, and subsequently exposed the seller's real scheme.  Note that unless you "flash" your phone with a new firmware (and risk bricking the phone, and losing your warranty), you won't be able to use it due to its original firmware that comes preloaded on the phone.Furthermore, I have to add that the phone came with missing USB-on-the-Go and HDMI cable.  After reporting this to Amazon CS, Amazon was generous enough to offer a partial refund for the missing cables (You have love Amazon's customer service!).  Since I have been a longtime fan of Nokia, I still had my E75 and C7 (original) accessory cables lying around, and I compared the standard USB charging/data cable that came with my original phones and compared it with the N8 from My-Wish-List, and I couldn't believe my eyes how fake the N8 cable was, despite having NOKIA written on it.  The lettering and assembly seemed of poor quality, glued together, and the imprinted "Nokia" log wasn't straight nor was it of the same embossed quality.  This was the straw that broke the camel's back and didn't hesitate for a split second to return the phone (it was already going back for the GPS issue, but this just solidified my position on the matter even more).I promptly filed an RMA and got my refund ASAP - another great Amazon transaction (the product only fulfilled by them, not sourced, so Amazon's not to blame, but the actual seller).  I feel Amazon should no longer support My-Wish-List as their products are nothing more than a bunch of knock-offs made or refurbished in China!!!  If you plan on spending $300 on a fake phone or one of unknown origins, you've been warned -you're better off looking for something else, especially when spending some much money.  Comment on the review/thread if you have any questions about my experience with the N8 I bought from here.