[...]Nokia n8 is simply the best among all my previous phones.(windows mobile, blackbery, sony ericcson, motorola)By using ovi suite 2.2.1.23 (download from internet), outlook contacts, calendar, music, vedio, photo in PC can be simply synchrozied with nokia n8 in two ways.All maps around the world can be downloaded via ovi suite from nokia directly into the phone's 16GB internal memory. I downloaded maps for usa, canada,mexcio,china and hongkong along with street name prompt voice in English(us) and mandarin(china) within 2 hours. no need to bother data plan.I am currently owning Garmin 765, Tomtom 540XL and Megellan 4700. Nokia n8 is the best among them due to its super fast gpu, 16GB flash memory, crisp AMOLED screen at highest resolution (640x360),super loud speaker and multi-touch capacitive screen. (Garmin 765 is slow in rendering and touch input is buggy, Tomtom 540xl tele atlas map is not as presice as navteq for usa, megellan 4700 is poor in rendering vector maps due to its screen resolution and bad bluetooth).The 12 mega pixel buit-in camera surpasses my 10 mega pixels Canon point and shoot camera A1000. Night shot is even better than my 18 mega pixels Canon T2 DSLR. but it takes some time to get used to since looks like it doesn't come with image stablization altough it is supported in vedio recording, user has to slowly and gently press down the camera button to take a picture even after haivng fully focused.Nokia n8 has managed networks nicely, it is fully  customizable for prority to use 3.5G, Edge, wifi. default is wifi, 3.5G then at&t; edge for internet. it allow user to create different network destination and select one as default. main internect apps allow user to choose customized network destionations.Nokia mail supports yahoo, msn, gmail, etc and microsoft exchange server, user can manage all various email accounts in one place and it supports archive folers for yahoo mail. there is a minor bug,  due to its push email feature, it keeps turning on wifi if it is available even when user exits nokia mail application and turns off wifi manually. i believe this minor bug can be fixed easily when nokia are ready to update.another potential problem is that it can not show chinese/japanese/korean due to the location setting of usa and the missing of fonts library. nokia may formally allow user to download and install the east asian fonts. curretly it shows China map in Chienes pingyin. for chinese web pages and contacts it shows rectangular box instead which needs to be fixed as nokia promtotes the conecting of people.fring works fine with n8, it can be downloaded from ovi store right from the phone and it is free, it supports instant messenging (fring, msn,gtalk, yahoo,etc), video call and voip call. no need to bother skype which is not available for nokia n8.the built-in web browser is already very nice to show web pages with multi-touch to zoom, flash to play youtube, java 2.1 to play java game. so I haven't tried the opera 10 or opera mini-browser 5.1.FM radio can be directed to its own loud speaker though it is still required to plug-in the accompanied headset as an antenna. FM radio is super sensitive, can pick weak signal, and sends out better sound than lexus car stereo, sadisk sansa FM radio. super basss is excellent but don't know how to disable it, looks like nokia n8 doesn't have built-in Equalizer application, should be easy to find one over ovi store.as always, nokia n8 is a phone with excellent signal and voice at both ends. rock-solid built. looks and feels noble. can last for at least 4 years.I bought it for my kid's usage during her University study. It serves the purpose very well.