This is my first truly smart phone. Prior to this I had a Nokia Nuron (T-Mobile) and it was nice, but being a carrier branded phone, the OS was, in my opinion, crippled from having full functionality.However, this is not the case with the N8. Being unlocked, unbranded, and untouched by any carrier, allows this phone to have all of the functions it came with. Symbian^3 is a nice platform. Very easy to navigate, the included apps are very nice. The glass touch screen is as responsive as any other capacitive touch screen I've tried. The colors and graphics are bright crisp, and very clear. Nokia's Ovi Store has a lot of apps to choose from, and the selection is getting better. Its not Apple's App Store, but its good enough for me. The camera is amazing. With 12mp resolution and 720p video, I found the photos, and videos extremely nice. I've been a hobby photographer for 25+ yrs, and this is as good as any point & shoot out there, and you can make calls on it too.Overall, I recommend this device. I am sure there are nicer phones out there, but for my money, this is one of the best phones available.UPDATE (6-15-2011): I am having issues with the device after 2 months of ownership. Ovi Maps has a bug, and it is now crashing after charging overnight. Ovi Maps is not using its own updated traffic information to re-route itself. The updated traffic info is correct, but its directions were not using this info. Charging my phone overnight is leading to having to initiate a reset (sometimes twice) because it powers itself off and won't turn back on.UPDATE (7-22-2011): This phone has turned out to be a huge waste of money. All of the other issues remain per the first update. On top of the problems I had, now I cant make calls in my house unless I go out in the driveway. This might be a tiny bit inconvenient in January here in NW PA, where last year it snowed 140 inches. The phone drops calls, whenever it thinks I've talked long enough to the party I called. If the call lasts longer than 5 minutes, its considered a long conversation. I bought this smart PHONE for use as a PHONE. If the phone part of this device is garbage, then the device falls way short. High res cameras, internet surfing, dont mean a thing to me, if I cant make a simple call. As stated before, I do photography. I already have nice cameras, I dont need another one. I just wanted a device that was a solid PHONE. The rest of the features, are gimmicks. They are nice to have, but when the phone part is junk, it doesn't matter.UPDATE (9-13-2011): It appears I was a tad hasty in my scorn for this device. Seems the issues with this device were provider related. Changing from T-Mobile to AT&T; has changed the behavior of the phone dramatically. Cellular coverage obviously is a huge factor to device function, and I should have tried that when I started having call issues. That said, it is working like a smart PHONE. Call reliability, and quality have improved. I now access internet where ever I am, whenever I need to. It still has some quirks, but what phone is perfect?UPDATE (12-5-2011): As much as I liked this phone, Nokia has some things to sort out. When they finally offered Symbian Anna (about 1-1/2 months ago), I did the update, then called them because it toasted my device. Their software bricked my phone. I dont know how or why, and I'm not an expert on these devices. Prior to this, the N8 was a great device. However calling them was futile, because I tried everything they recommended, and nothing worked. I gave up on this device. Enter Apple iPhone 4S.UPDATE (7-24-2013): I acquired another (brand new) N8. This time the OS update was for Symbian Belle. Nokia seems to have gotten it right. Smoother, faster, bigger icons (better for older fingers) and less crashes.Is is perfect? No. Has any company made a perfect smart phone? Not yet. Because its all dependent on what the user wants out of the device. That said, I will say the updates to Nokia Maps is sweet. It rivals my dedicated GPS unit for the car. The Ovi Store is not as expansive as the App Store by Apple, but I got this device as a backup phone (prepaid service), so that is really not an issue. Its sad that this device is no longer produced, because what it offers (12mp camera, great maps app, nice mp3 player, decent browser, decent email) is fairly solid, and because its Nokia's OS on Nokia's hardware, the device remains pretty stable.If you can find one brand new give it a try. I gambled again, and like it.