This phone is one of the best phones ever. so much that I have to review it. I am a tech junkie and that means I love to collect phones and resell them. I have owned in the past: Nokia 6290, KIRF iPhone 4(lol), Samsung Galaxy S II GT-i9100, LG Thrill 4G, Samsung Focus i917, HTC Sensation 4G, Sony Tablet S 32GB. None of these can compare to the mere presence of the Galaxy Note.Build Quality 10/10: Has a very sturdy feel to it, choice of materials is your opinion. It is made out of plastic, but not anything cheap. I prefer the plastic b/c if Samsung had opted to choose a type of metal e.g. aluminum it would feel very heavy and uncomfortable in hand.Call Quality 9/10: Produces some very nice tones and clear vocals. The volume could be have higher volume output, but nothing that would make me hate it.Multimedia 10/10: Witht he Super AMOLED HD screen makes viewing pictures and videos a plus. Even encoded in 1080p videos are smooth and jitters, I don't know why somepeople do this b/c the resolution on the Note is 1280x800 not 1920x1080. Gaming is very smooth thanks to the Mali 400GPU.UI Speed 9/10: Smooth for the most part, but sometimes when switched on to a live wallpaper, it sometimes jitters a bit. Also, when getting an overview of all your items the transition is not real smooth. But everything else like scrolling and launching apps is smooth.Text Input 9/10: The keyboard is standard, nothing great about it. It is a delightful to type with two hands in landscape or potrait, but not with one hand unless you have insanely large fingers lol. I think they could have made better use if they put a number row on top since of the large real estate you get.Battery 9/10: I'm a big battery user and I get 5-6hrs. on it, if you're light user it'll probably last you a day or more. You get a 2500mah battery which is half the amount used in 10.1in. tablets.Internet 10/10: Very fast and of course like any Android out there supports flash. Very smooth and text is easy to read b/c of the WXGA resolution. No lag at all.Camera 10/10: This is a mobile phone is by far one of the best camera out there on a mobile handset. Pictures are crisp and colorful, no graininess well I haven't taken night pictures yet, only in daytime. Video capturing is a very awesome experience too with a smooth framerate in 1080p.Everyday Usage 10/10: Use it everyday.Display: One of the main reasons to get it of not the main reason. The Super AMOLED HD has a resolution of 1280x800 not 1280x720 like the Galaxy Nexus or Optimus LTE(ATT Nitro HD). 5.3in. makes browsing the internet and reading eBooks a pleasure.Overall I'd give this phone a 9.5/10 only b/c of not producing a Super AMOLED+ HD screen since it would look better, but the plus is not to get worked up over. Oh yes, another thing many users including I notice black splotches when putting on a completely back background. Their tiny and you won't notice the splotches at all if you have other colors around. This is not just the Galaxy Note all other Super Amoled HD devices have it including the Motorola Razr/Droid Razr and the Galaxy Nexus. Only a few have been blessed without them.I own the International White Samsung Galaxy Note btw and it looks amazing!