Hi.First of all, there's a lot of reviews out there, some are dead on and others are plainly going to extremes (bad reviews).I'll to try to keep mine closer to facts.Shipping and hardware. I've got mine in no time and excellent conditions. The phone is awesome looking and it's built with the excellence of Nokia hardware. The battery will last 3 to 4 days on a modest usage, and 1 and half days when using lots of apps and data transactions. 0 complaints in this area.Call and SMS. Great call quality, great loudspeaker quality and the SMS app or "Conversatios" as it's called are great. So, purely on the cell phone aspect, this is truly one of the best (compared to my wife's iPhone 4, 0 dropped calls or bad calls).Camera and Video Recorder. This is THE strong point of this phone. Great pictures and the video is gorgeous (720 HD). Has a couple of editing tools (for both images and video), but, you know, nothing you didn't have already on your PC. Score a solid 10 on this.GPS. I had an XpressMusic 5800 before this, and this was one of my favorite qualities (one of very few). In this phone the navigation (using ONLY gps) is faster and overall, it's awesome. Love the fact that data connection is totally optional and the tools and maps are being updated often. So another big 10 on this aspect.Radio & FM Transmitter. Not that they are directly related, but the two worked great. No problems at all on the radio side (I use it on a daily basis). On the FM Transmitter I did have problems of connection at first, but all it took was to change the default frequency (in my case from 90.0 to 90.5) and that was it, worked great! Another 10!Video viewer. I love the fact that I can see (in excellent quality) movies here and, if needed, transmit them (via HDMI) to a TV. The formats, well, I copied an M4V file (ripped one of my DVD's using HandBreak) to the phone and ended up converting it, automatically, to WMV, so it took like an hour to do this, but maybe there are easier ways :P. Anyways, another 10.Apps. The truth is that although there are a lot of applications (some good, some not so much), it doesn't compare (and it probably will never) to either the store of Apple or Android. But it does have most basic stuff. Lets call this a not to solid 7.O.S. Well, now we come to the REAL aspect in which this phone falls way back. So, for starters this is way faster and responsive than the XpressMusic (if any users are thinking on upgrading), but to be honest, the real valid comparison should be to, for example, a Nexus One (Android) or iPhone 4. I mention this two because I have tried both. So, I'm just gonna say that the OS is like half the speed of the Nexus One and a third of the stability of the iPhone 4 :SBut let's not compare, shall we, or we'll go through a dark and very popular path. Lets just say that with the first software update (PR1.1) most instabilities and errors have been fixed. The phone it's 80% of the time pretty "fluid" while navigating through the interface and using most apps. Still has some "hanging" problems (reset not needed, only needs some seconds people :P), but not as bad as the beginning (I would say that at first it was only fluid 60% of the time). I'm hoping that further updates will keep refining the overall OS.And, FYI, although Nokia has made a partnership with Microsoft, they have said (and clarify it in BIG BOLD letters), they will continue to maintain the Symbian's phones, so I'm pretty sure updates will still come (at least a couple more). Oh yeah, for anyone who cares, this whole OS thing, well I give it a 7 (with update considered).So anyways, just to sum up my review, this phone (as you can see from the "scores") is a very interesting smart phone with great features and although in the OS department it falls way short to some of its main competition, it still has great strong advantages.Lets say that if you mainly use the calendar, email (sync both to your outlook and/or Gmail!), camera, video recorder, video viewer, PURE GPS navigating, calling/SMS (duh!) and minor to mild usage of apps, this phone is a great option.If you mainly want it to have great (or the best) apps and because of it need the phone to run flawlessly, spend and extra 150 to 200 dollars and buy an Nexus One, HTC Desire or an iPhone 4.In my case, I'm in the first group, so, I'm pretty happy the phone.Hope it helps.