Reception: Very good. Has two mics, one for talking and one in the back for noise cancellation, so call quality is very good on both ends. The speaker next to your ear is loud and clear.Body: The screen is glass so you don't need a screen protector. The anodized/painted aluminum finish is sturdy, but way too slippery. I would strongly recommend getting a silicone case or something.Camera: Shame on Nokia for cramming 12MP into a 1/1.8" sensor. I'd be happy with 8. This practice should be heavily frowned upon. The autofocus is very fast but not exactly razor sharp. ISO performance is decent, which is expected for a 1/1.8" sensor. The flash is pretty weak, so this camera has to crank up the ISO to compensate, which unfortunately degrades photo quality. I personally prefer a wider angle, around 28mm but that is just personal preference. That said, it is still probably the best camera available on a phone. Pictures come out pretty bland and soft on default settings. I hate that you can't save the default processing settings to "Vivid" and a little higher contrast. Every time you turn on the camera it resets these settings to factory defaults.Interface: It often takes too many clicks to go places and type things. The touchscreen sensors aren't as well tuned as any of the iphones. I always feel like I could use more buttons. For instance, if you're using the music player, and the phone auto-locked but you want to change the track, you have to unlock it before you can do anything. Same if you want to turn the player off. On my old Sony Ericsson candybar phone, you can press the play/pause button because there is a dedicated play/pause button. If you want to change the track, you hold down the volume button and it changes track, or tap the volume button to change volume. On the N8 if you hold down the volume rocker it rapidly changes the volume. There is also a serious lack of dedicated "cancel" or "back" button, commonly found on almost all Samsung or Sony Ericsson phones. What's the point of having a touch screen you're still only going have two "soft keys" up front and hide most of the options in a submenu?Organizer: I hate that you can't set an alarm to recursively ring on Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday. Yes you can set it to ring on "workdays" only and then set the "workdays" but I like to have several custom alarms and this doesn't do it for me. The workaround is to set 3 different alarms on the calendar on Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday, and then make them recurring every week. The problem with the calendar alarm is that if it rings and you don't hit snooze in time, it will not ring again. It will auto shut off. Lame. And why, in the Notes app, do I have to click 3 different things to even begin typing? It should be one click. ONE! Or two at the most.GPS Navigation: It takes about 10-20 seconds for the GPS to track down your location. It's great that you can download maps and use it offline, but the interface and user experience is much inferior to Google Maps, and the same can be said for the search feature. So, I just use Google Maps. But yeah if you're stuck in the middle of nowhere with no cell/internet reception, at least you can figure out where you are.Web surfing: The default web browser is sluggish and annoying, but Opera Mobile is a very suitable (albeit buggy and crashy) replacement. Too bad Opera can't do Flash yet but at least it can do Youtube.Texting: The keyboard is OK, not the best ever but I can live with it.Battery Life: With moderate useage it will not last more than 2 days.This phone will not satisfy your thirst for instant gratification. It will do almost everything, just not necessarily as well as you would like. $550 is a lot to pay, but who wants to carry around an extra camera everywhere? I suppose if you are of the purse-carrying variety, this should not pose a problem. Other than that, a mediocre picture is better than no picture, and a decent picture is even better. I think I will keep it, but if I had to do it all over again, I would do more research into other models.UPDATE: 11/18 Just found out about an application called Swype, which makes the keyboard about a billion times better (only works in Landscape mode, Portrait mode is the same).Apparently the alarm can only snooze for ~45 minutes, which is just plain sucky. I like a good hour and a half of snoozing, darn it! I suppose I could work around it by setting a second alarm 54 minutes after the first one... yes...UPDATE: 11/27 Just found out you can set your own scene mode in camera settings and save it as the default scene mode, so yes you can save the settings.