All I can say is WOW!! I am totally impressed with it and believed that Nokia has come up with a winning product. I just owned this baby for less than a week but has already become addicted to it. Prior to buying e75, I have done research on various high-end phones on iphone, blackberrry, sony and even various other Nokia E-series and N-series phones and have also read almost all existing E75 cell-phone reviews on the web. Though there are mixed reviews on it, I decided to take the plunge and purchased it. Couldn't be happier with my purchase. It is definitely one of my best investments for the year, can't say the same for my other investments I have made :)===PROS1)Great great looks. stunning design. It is a really beautiful phone. I really liked a candy shaped smartphone that looks like a regular cellphone. Most of the powerful highend smartphone are much wider and have a bulky look. e75 has great dimensions and could easily fit inside a jeans pocket. great! The slide-out full-sized qwerty keypad is simply addictive! it is very easy to use, good-sized keys, slider makes a solid "thud" when opening and closing. amazing style and quality. love it!2)Amazing usability. In the first day, I already set up my email accounts(in a few simple clicks), browse the web, listening to both FM and internet radio, subscribe to podcasts, view office documents, download some latest apps from Nokia ovi store and use GPS as a tour guide. it is just so intuitive that I doubt you will need the guidebook and web reviews to guide you through using *any* features.3)Great build quality. It has a nice weight on it and feels like you are definitely holding something "substantial". I read about various people getting leaky keypad and such. No such issue with mine. As I said before, the sliding keypad feels very solid and snapping back and forth feels very secure with no loose ends. The silver-black and chrome combination makes e75 looks very upscale and all the keys are well-placed and very responsive. Some people are complaining about screen-size too small, qwerty layout hard to adjust etc. I find the screen size very sufficient to read email, browse documents and web. It is extremely sharp and is readable under bright sunlight and qwerty keypad works great. Can type out a long email in no time. Besides it also have a set of regular keys in front so you could do one-hand messaging as well. perfect!4)Good offering of applications. Web and office documents browsing and editing, great media player, easy to use GPS system makes it a fun-filled power business smartphone. A word about audio quality. The loudspeaker may not be as loud as someone likes but it is no worse than the samsung and motorola that I used to own. Call quality is superb. Reception is very good.===CONS1)Well, someone can quip about screen being too small, camera not being 5MP, screen not being the sharpest around, symbian too outdated, audio quality subpar, no touchscreen etc etc. but the ONLY complain that I think is valid and a very serious concern is the extensibility which may be what is stopping iphone users from crossing over. blame it on the App Store. Iphone is amazing not only because of its physical form and touch screen intuitiveness but on its amazing array of 3rd party applications. Sad to say, Nokia much touted ovi-store where we could purchase applications fall short, WAY short. I have browsed around for further-addon apps, very less offering and many are not free. well, even if they are free, i am not so sure i wanted them on. Don't even get me started on their Ngame platform. The games offering is simply pathetic. This lack of extensibility maybe crippling Nokia in the future where customers are very savvy and demanding and they want cellphones that have a long lifecycle and full of applications of anything imaginable not just what is offered by the manufacturer.2)A quick word about battery life. It really is pretty lousy, just as stated by various e75 review articles. You do need to charge it daily.3)I hate to state the obvious but the price tag is pretty hefty considering it didn't really offer any earth-shattering features that are not currently on the market or any out-of-the-world design.All in all, I am extremely happy with my purchase. As long as you are aware of the limiting factors, e75 is an extremely well-rounded smartphone with great style and substance. Nokia E75 is everything that a business person would want and need plus much more.** I recently run into a refresh bug where my screen keeps on refreshing itself indefinitely. You may trigger this bug when your phone is running out of battery, and while recharging, you press on your email icon. I think the auto-syncing of email go crazy when dealing with this particular usecase. You don't have to send the phone back to manufacturer or even reset your phone, there is a nifty solution where you just have to press Control Panel->Settings->General->Personalization->HomeScreenMode->ModeSettings->Email Notifications->Disable then restart your phone. Your beloved phone will be functioning again. Hope that helps!