I've had two Lumia 900s, both suffered drops that cracked the screen (though they also made it safely through quite a few drops, I am a klutz).  So I decided to get the 920, and I am thrilled with it.  It comes in some gorgeous colors (bright yellow!), and it has such a beautiful and sleek form factor that I'm loathe to put it in a case (hence my blue Lumia 900's vulnerability to drops). It gets excited looks and questions wherever I go.  Last week I took it out during a meeting with about 15 of our marketing folks (predominantly young guys), and it ended up getting passed around the room with lots of positive chatter - until the conversation turned to apps.  I agree, it has most of the apps I want, but not all of the ones that I used consistently on my iPhone, and that has been the downfall of Nokia phones in recent history.The marketing campaign for the 900 was all about how everyone had been a smartphone beta tester, and this was the real deal. Followed closely by a software glitch bad enough that Nokia then gave a credit to everyone who bought a subsidized phone that made the phone FREE. I'm sad to say there are still some big problems with the Lumia line. This Lumia has had some rebooting issues, the short battery life is still a big letdown (you are running on vapors by the end of every day), and it's hefty. It fits in a pocket, but you really feel it, especially if you sit down.  All in all, however, I do love this phone and I love having something that not everyone else has.PROS*Form Factor: it's different, and gorgeous, and a conversation starter.  People want it, or want to try it.*Camera: It has a great 8.7 megapixel camera with optical image stabilization (Carl Zeiss, as always with Nokia) and takes good images even inside my house even with curtains drawn.  Sharp.*Screen: 4.5 inch screen with gorilla glass, stunningly sharp 1280 x 760 resolution and blur reduction.  It is also impressively sensitive.  Nokia is based in Finland, and they have 10 months of cold. Nokia engineers have been very motivated to make a phone that can be used while wearing gloves.*Operating System: The Windows operating system features bold, bright colors, animated images, and a very intuitive and easy interface.  I try to restrict my conversations with friends because inevitably people ask to play with the pretty interface and seem to have no qualms about opening my personal email, work email, and texts. I'm still not sure how much I like it that this phone is so attractive and attracting that it makes people forget boundaries.*Responsiveness: Superb. It has a dual-core processor, but it's optimized to run smoothly on slower chips. 60 fps screen refresh rate. It's zippy in most everything you do. 4G/LTE supported.*Maps: best in the business, and Nokia Drive is awesome. I used the 920 when I was in Chicago and it got me where I wanted to go via buses (I know, I'm cheap) every day with no issues (bus times, stop locations, etc).*Some sweet extras: wireless charging and near field communication. And they finally give you a way to resize your tiles, a lack that annoyed me with the 900. Also interfaces with my Xbox 360. I still can't set up my TV programs to record (via my cable provider) like I could with my iPhone however.*Sound: one of the things that seems improved - music quality is not bad if I forget my headphones and I can carry on business calls via speaker.*Price: a LOT cheaper than an iPhone.CONS*Size: heavy, big in your pocket and just slightly too big to be comfortable in your hand.*Battery: you know that sinking feeling you get when you have a low battery warning at the end of the day and there is something important you have to do with the phone that you may not be able to if you can't get to a charger. Yes, it's a jaw-droppingly beautiful display, but this is the result.*Operating System: Still some glitches. Nokia did spit out the Lumia line pretty quickly after the partnership with Microsoft was inked, and they are still on an aggressive timeline.  The company is in trouble, and clearly is trying to strike the balance between getting this phone into people's hands while still maintaining quality.*My plea to Nokia: I want to see the time/date and notifications without activating the phone. I loved the N9 for that.  Please bring that functionality to Lumia.