This phone may be aging, but if you're going the pre-paid route like I did (Virgin Mobile, specifically), this is a very good way to go.  With a relatively light weight and slim profile, it fits nicely in my pocket.  The glass touch screen delivers a vibrant display, and optional live backgrounds add to a modern, attractive aesthetic.  The screen transitions/slides are sleek and enjoyable, and it took me very little time to learn the ins and outs of the OS (which is Android's Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0).The camera is excellent, taking finely detailed pictures and with some pretty smart focusing options.  I'd like more control over the white balance, but honestly, the quality of the pictures the phone takes make the biggest difference between it and a higher end, consumer-grade camera how much outside-the-box thinking you have to do to get a good shot- and there's not much needed.  If your pictures should need any extra lighting, there's a nice flash on the phone, but it gets more mileage from my flashlight app than it does from the camera.  In short, this phone takes excellent pictures.  If you're photographically inclined, and don't like carrying more than one electronic device with you, this phone is definitely for you.Its sound recording abilities are surprising, too.  I've recently started work on a self-produced voice acting demo, applying my college studies of audio recording and sound for picture to make it sound professional, and this phone has been instrumental in recording foley on the go.  Sure, it's not a thousand dollar condenser microphone, by any stretch, but it does its job in a pinch, and the sounds I've recorded (outdoor background noise, the kicking/throwing/dropping of auto body parts found in a body shop dump, etc.) are high-fidelity enough to lend to the professionalism of my demo without burning such a hole in my pocket that I'm no longer presentable.Oh yeah, phone features.  I was rather wary of buying a phone without buttons, as I text more than I talk, but this phone honestly has the best smart text entry system I've seen yet: you can actually enter words by tracing a line from letter to letter, and about 95% of the time, the text entry program guesses the words correctly.  No need to lift your finger from the screen- even when my line's direction is questionable, I still get less typos than I've had with any other smart text entry system.  Thanks to this system, coupled with the Inkpad Notepad app, my little Moleskine notebook (of comparable size to the phone, but thicker) gets much less use; this system is almost as quick as writing by hand, and easier since it can be done on the one multipurpose device I carry in my pocket.Browsing the web is about as easy as it gets on a phone (granted, my experience is limited with this; this is my first data plan, so take this with a grain of salt, if you must): quick, with easy panning, scrolling and zooming.  Image viewing is expectably great, given the high quality of the display.  My complaints largely have to do with Virgin Mobile and the reception I get.  It's certainly not intolerable; I can make/receive calls and text just about anywhere, although I've had some experience with dropped calls when they've gone on for twenty minutes or so- although such calls are rare for me, so it's not a huge deal.  Just check the 4G map before you go with 4G in mind, and be prepared for some dodgy reception on that score.  At home, I find it easier to connect via Wi-Fi with my FiOS internet than to use the 4G/3G capabilities of my phone, even though I'm still within a 4G zone (though near the edge of it, admittedly).  Still, at $35 per month (and no hidden fees, furthermore!), I can't complain too hard.I also wasn't very impressed with the music player; looks like my Zune will have a few more years of use, yet.  It organizes tracks alphabetically according to title, not even file name, much less by track number in the song's tag.  Sure, there are apps out there that'll turn your phone, with the 16 gigs you can add to its stock 16, into a bona-fide Mp3/FLAC/WMA (the latter being my format of choice, never mind the file size) player, but if my Zune already does that, I don't see any reason to bother looking for one.Before I conclude this lengthy review: battery life.  You will have to charge this daily.  Twice a day, if you use the connection optimizer (which I don't; waste of battery life, if you ask me).  That's about par for the course as far as smartphones go, but essential to include in any review.In conclusion, I'm very happy with my Galaxy S II.  It's my computer away from home, my notebook on the go, my portable microphone, my camera, and even holds some of my books, thanks to the Kindle App.  Oh yeah, and it's a fully functional telephone, too.  Honestly, I haven't even halfway plumbed the depths of this device's capabilities.  There are a few minor details that keep me from giving it a full five stars (I'd give it four and a half if I could), largely to do with Virgin Mobile's service (although $35 a month is quite reasonable, considering unlimited 3G and 2.5GB of 4G/month), but on the whole, if, like me, you're one of those people with top-shelf tastes and a happy hour budget, this phone is definitely for you.