The E71 is a beautiful phone and that's pretty much where the positive things about this phone end. This is the least intuitive phone I have ever owned.  I've had Nokias in the past, so I was hopeful given my very positive previous experiences with Nokia. My old Palm Treo 650 is more intuitive and more user-friendly than the Nokia E71. Most critical:  The text messaging is AWFUL - it takes multiple screens to get to the text messaging application and there is no conversational view of the text messages, so each time you type a message, you have to start all over from the beginning, typing in the contact's name and without seeing the conversation/previous messages to/from the contact!The E71 phone's unlock feature is annoying at best -- it takes forever to unlock, so don't ever be in an emergency. And, when the phone is turned off, be prepared for an almost 2-minute wait for the phone to turn on and be functional.  This isn't a touchscreen phone, so it's difficult to go to a non-touch screen phone to this one (my mistake) because it takes forever to get to the features I like to use, even with the capability to put them on the "desktop". You have to go through five different screens to turn the ringer or phone volume up or down on the phone -- the feature is not on the outside of the phone. It is very easy to inadvertantly turn on and off the predictive text feature. And, some of the QWERTY buttons that I regularly use are not readily accessible via keyboard. Calendar or To-Do reminder alerts go off and if you don't get to the phone in time and press the annoying "unlock" feature in time, you miss the alert and it goes away and there is no queue for it on your screen as with previous phones I've had.  So, you have to wait until the reminder alert goes off again to see what you missed.  If you sync with Outlook, all of your recurring appointments with reminders will go off at 12 midnight -- another annoying quirk that I've had to go into every appointment or reminder and assign it a "time" on my calendar, which now fills my calendar and my day with another annoying task.  all Nokia has to do is look at other phones to see what works -- the Palm Treos were great and I'd go back to mine if I could because the E71 is just a pain.  The screen could be a little wider, frankly and still be a stylish phone.  It does have good video and camera quality.  The battery life is also terrible.  I have never been able to go 12 hours without the battery dying and the phone shutting down -- and I barely use the phone in the first place, so be prepared to charge this phone in the car for long drives and every night.  Don't bother with the OVI store -- it's filled primarily with useless apps.  I can't imagine what the designers were thinking of when they created this beautifully-styled piece of crap phone.  They must have been in an awful hurry to produce such an unintuitive paperweight.