The phone is conveniently small, touch screen, WiFi, Hotspot,web browser, webOS, bluetooth, tons of apps and other downloadable content including updates, headphone port, volume buttons, speakerphone mode, good reception, 8GB, MP3 player,USB charger that can be charged on CPU or the wall outlet, video player and picture viewer.  You can drag & drop music , video and photo files to the device.  (yes, any song or mp3 file that you add to the ringtones folder can be used as a ringtone) and let's not forget the great camera.  The camera is wonderful and even has a flash bulb above the lens.  Video quality is excellent, and the picture quality is nice too.  It doesn't feel like it's made of cheap material at all and it has a full QWERTY keyboard just below the screen and the gesture pad.  The speakers are great, and they are almost as loud as laptop speakers.  Basically, it has about all of the features that you can ask for and there's too many to list here.  To make a long explanation simple, it's a mini-computer.  Wonderful upgrade from my last phone but............The activation process was a nightmare.  The Page Plus customer services reps were rude, semi-hostile and unable to spell my billing address or able to interpret what I was saying.  And yes, they spoke English and so did I. It's ridiculous how many times I had to repeat myself, and slowly read out serial numbers, phone numbers, credit card numbers and addresses.  Last I checked, customer service reps were not supposed to address customers with bad attitudes.  I had to call them like three times after doing like 100 other things to figure out how to complete the aggravating activation phase.  Anyway, I guess you can't win both.  A great phone with great service is just too much to ask I guess.  The price is out of this world for a device like this, but I guess bad service is a part of that price.***UPDATE***After two months of using this product and service, I can say that the phone is great but the service is garbage.  I hate Page Plus.  Every time I want to add text or talk time, there's some kind of issue that requires me to contact them by phone to resolve.  I'm honestly thinking about going back to my crappy old flip phone, or seeing if Verizon will offer a prepay service for this phone.  Everything was clear and crisp with Verizon prepay service, because you would get exactly what you pay for.  This is not the case with Page Plus service.  They are very questionable, and you never know what to expect when you pay for their service.  I'm tired of these issues.  They will not let your additional minutes or text time roll over after expiration, they will not let you add on to your current plan and to have to deal with them so frequently is just unneeded stress.  One way or another, I will go back to Verizon even if I do have to pay extra for the data plan.  At least I'll know what I'm getting for my money with Verizon.  Page Plus is a nightmare, and if you don't believe me just look at what other disappointed customers had to say about them.  I should have done the research before I trusted them.