Have been using it from almost the first week the phone was released in Japan and I still don't feel like upgrading to the crazy new phones with monster specs like gigantic screens, cores that are sitting idle in the phone. Mostly because they all look ugly PLUS Arc simple does what it should do all very smoothly and in style.SE stock launcher is buttery smooth and has lot of nice little features which most users may not figure. For example, you can drop apps on an app already on launcher dock and it will create a folder with a small icon of the app. It even lets you name that. You can pinch your home screen to bring all widgets on to one screen. In the apps folder it's now how it gives option to sort apps in different order. I prefer to have them sorted in the order they are installed.Pros1. Style2. Screen3. Onyx theme makes the phone UI feel very classy and rich4. SE widgets like weather, music, toggle widgets, etc go very well with the themes.5. Having nice big photos display for contacts is one of the excellent feature of SE android phones. They display in a unique aspect ration with stylish fading. (Please note that if you sync with Google for contacts the pictures show blurry as they are low resolution. The trick is to add the same contact again and save as Phone contact and assign high quality photo. This will automatically link the user with Google user and you can choose the picture from Phone contact)6. Camera performance in low light. Simple amazing.7. Sound quality of SE music player is far far better than any phone player I tried. I like the "Mettalic" equalizer mode.8. USB port on the opposite side of 3.5mm audio jack. Initially, I didn't like it there and thought it should have been at the bottom like iPhone. But, once you get SE Livedock you will know why SE designed it that way. The phone looks gorgeous when docked in landscape more. 3.5mm jack is not on top and you can hook it to speaker system while phone is dock. Perfect bedside alarm clock.9. Comes with factory installed screen protector. I wish more phones come this way.Cons1. A little too much over design on the sides of the phone and cheap plastic feel of the silver edge. They should have used real metal for the silver strap and also should have used a more simplistic volume rocker and camera button.2. The batter cover feels creeky. I had to buy softer feel version from ebay for just few bucks and the phone feels much better.3. SE laucher still feels very under developed and lacks widgets for calendar, facebook, etc that are more customized for the SE themes. You just have to use stock widgets which all have white background and ruin the classy look of SE theme. Well, you can always buy apps for this but it would have been a nice touch if SE included them.4. Power button feels too tiny.5. Bezel feels too big at the top of the phone. I guess it makes up by having it smaller at the bottom and hence making the phone more finger friendly.All in all, this is still a fantastic phone and probably the best for anyone who like to take lot of pictures and listen to lot of music. At current price which sometimes is touching a penny less than $300, it can't be beaten.