Hello, I shared this review with the black version of this phone, but I wanted to share it with this one as well so we who bought this version can get some insight. :)I am a phone app developer and have had some 'face time' with the Nokia N97.  I'll let you know some of the more in depth details so you can decide if this is the right phone for you or not.  There are many positive features about this phone, but a few potential pitfalls for power users as well.  Average users will probably never notice any of the pitfalls, but probably will never use some of the best features of this phone either to justify the cost.This is the new Nokia flagship phone and it packs almost every feature anyone could ever want.  It has a DVD quality camcorder with sample videos found here:[...]Notice how well the mic picks up the creeks of the boats in Monte Carlo, and how rich the colors look.  That is due to the Carl Zeiss lens Nokia has put in.  The quality is also great and can be sent directly to the TV via the TV out cable, but I would recommend making a DVD from the memory card as the quality of the cable isn't as good as the DVD quality this phone provides.  Video starts up quickly, which is an improvement from the previous versions.The pictures taken by this phone are of very good quality.  Many consumers are fooled by 'megapixels' (mp).  Well folks, after 5mp or so, mp doesn't mean much.  All it does is make your picture size better, it does NOT increase the QUALITY.  I assume most of us aren't pro graphic artists that need huge pictures to zoom in on the most minute detail, and if you are, then you probably don't need this review :PThe lens and picture quality of this phone is superb, but not as good as the Samsung 8 sadly.  It is by far tho, one of the best mobile phone cameras around.  You can notice some problems in darker areas and they went with a dual LED flash instead of the Xeon gas flash.  The Xeon gas flash would have provided much better lighting in low light situations, however as a phone enthusiast I feel it's good enough.View sample images from thesymbianblog.com:[...]and[...]Judge for yourself.This phone is a TRUE smart phone OS which means you can download apps for it such as VPN software to connect to your office network and apps such as PUTTY or RDP clients to remote control real computers at the house/office.  With 3G speeds the potential is limitless.Now for the bad.  Nokia decided to use the old ARM II CPU found in the N85, 95, etc. phones but increased the clockspeed (mhz) slightly.  We were looking forward to the new TI cpu which would have provided much better speeds, at the cost of battery life.  They also stuck with 128mb ram with about 80mb available after boot up.  I don't know about you but after I load up all of my apps and get cranking, I eat that up.  I was able to notice some slow down in the pre-build when I:-opened up several websites w/ flash content-ran the music player-opened up 'widget' applications-tried basic functionalityMost users will probably never do that.  If you are a power user, then you probably already know about the Samsung Omnia HD which boasts of similer features, but also the new faster CPU and dedicated GFX chip which means you can play Ipod type 3d games with ease.  The final point is with the potentially underpowered CPU, you will not be able to play the super high resolution videos the Samsung can play.Finally this phone has the slower 3G speeds which don't reach 7mbps, will you need 7mbps?  Probably not.  I think for 99% of users, the current 3G speeds offered by this phone are fine.I tried out the phone and pre-ordered, I can't wait to get it.  I can't wait to develop some 'widget' applications for it and really see the power of this phone with the newer more stable build.Thank you for reading this, feel free to respond, yell, scream, or ask any questions!