I purchased my Motorola Razr MAXX (not the HD model) JUST about a year ago. Well, it started out fine. The phone was nice, pretty powerful, responsive and suck. Everything was pretty acceptable. Then about 5-6 months later, the phone starts to get some real lag and some issues with performance. Applications, even factory loaded ones, like the Camera, will run ridiculously slow. When you click the camera app icon, the app will open, and it will take about ten seconds for the app to become usable. Then, if you switch over to movie mode, it takes another 5-10 seconds for it to switch modes, and also, when you tap the record button, it takes about as long to start recording. What is very very annoying. Most applications, both factory loaded and acquired from the Google Play store act this way. The only ones that really don't are the most simple applications. Then about8 months later I started noticing that the screen wasn't as accurate as it was when it was new. This was especially evident when typing text, both in the vertical and horizontal mode. Quite a few times per text, instead of the letter that you intended to be entered being entered, it would enter the letter to the left or right, and it just stayed that way.. Until, about 10-11 months after purchase, my phone started not holding a charge for long at all. It was to the point where I would walk out the door at 8am with a full charge, and by time I was getting off at 6pm, the battery would be about dead, giving me 20% and 10% and then finally the 0% Phone Shutting Down notifications. Also, when your battery dies with this phone, you can't simply plug it into a charger in immediately turn it on to use it. You must wait 5-10 minutes in order for it to reach a 5% charge for the phone to allow you to turn it on and function... Finally, about a week or so after I noticed this happening, one day I plugged in my phone to the charger, and noticed that it was charging very slow, if at all. So I figured I would leave it on there for a bit longer (this time when I initially plugged it in to charge, the battery was at 30%, not completely dead). BUT, when I came back a little bit later and picked up the phone to look at it, I noticed that the phone was very hot. To the point where it was uncomfortable to hold in the hand, and where you would NOT want to hold it to your head to use it. ALSO, I noticed that the battery indicator read 0%. Which was ridiculous, because when I plugged it in initially, it had a 30% charge... Needless to say, unplugging it resulted in the screen immediately going blank. After that, even plugged in, it wasn't responsive at all and would just get very very hot. So I called Verizon, and they replaced it.. Well, with the new one, the phone is responsive, though I've only had it for about a month.. The touch screen is inaccurate already, having the same problems texting, after only having it for a month. Also, a new issue with this one, it's constantly going in and out of 4G. Here in the Melbourne, FL area, we have a steady strong 4G LTE network. The last Razar MAXX constantly held a 4G connection. Now with this one I see it in 3G an AWEFUL lot. Also, the talk reception sucks at times now too...If you want to go with a Razr MAXX...... Good luck....