First impressions - 5 stars.  We'll update later on as we get more time with it.Compared to the Atrix HD the Moto X is a bit smaller - the screen size is almost identical.  Space was removed at the edges to bring the screen right up to the edge.  Note:  Be careful with cases, as they may impeded finger swipes right at the extreme edges.  While the size difference is not drastic, this phone just feels better in your hand...I would say perfectly sized.Overall there are not many drastic improvements over the Atrix HD, but it does seem like things are improved.  First, the HD camera actually appears to work on this phone (it skipped and missed on the Atrix).  I like the positioning of the camera to the middle of the phone body.  On phones with the camera towards one side, I was always getting my finger over the lens.  Battery life is a bit better than the Atrix, but of course this battery is brand new.  I hope it continues to be better in years 2 and 3.Making this new phone look just like my Atrix was fairly simple.  Motorola Migrate was used.  This took care of TEXT message history, pictures, etc.  Very simple and nice.  The thing that took the most time was getting all of my APPs back.  I guess I thought Migrate would do this but it doesn't.  So I found that going to the PLAY store on the web allows me to see ALL of my APPs for all devices.  Then you can pick an APP and say update or send to device.  This worked fine, but was tedious.  I have a little over 100 APPs.  I don't know why Google doesn't allow you to just have a CheckBox per device, and just let you select which APPs go to which device.  Seems easy to implement to me.So, so far so good.  Call quality seems very good - at least on my end.  Integration with my car BlueTooth and BlueTooth headset was seemless.  Phone overall seems faster - which I expected.  I really like the display that lights up and shows the time when I pick it up.  This was one of the reasons I would turn the phone on - to see the time.  Now I just pick it up or wave my hand over it.So, a very nice upgrade.  I'm very pleased at one week in.31 October 2013 - UPDATE - After a month of use, I could not be happier with this phone.  The battery life is MUCH better than my Atrix HD.  Not sure if this is just better management or if the older battery was failing, but I can get through a day now without needing to charge it.  I have had a good opportunity to use the movie camera, and finally, this one works very well.  I never could get a good video out of the Atrix HD due to chopping of the video/audio.  Everything just seems to work on this phone.  No power offs, good performance, etc. I never need to reset the device.  Wireless and bluetooth work seamlessly.  I really like the form factor, a little smaller than the Atrix HD, but same size display, very comfortable in the hand.  Nice job Motorola!  It took you a while , but you finally got there!