I have never had such mixed feelings about a phone. I've owned a long string of tiny-but-powerful Nokia phones, the last one being the Nokia 6300 Unlocked Triband Camera Business Phone (Black), which had solid features and physically was nearly indestructible. The features were feeling dated and I was a afraid it would be smashed one time to many, so I "upgraded" to the Nokia 6700 slide. I had high expectations (surely three years will bring lots of technology improvements, right?). My expectations were not met.I'm essentially comparing the Nokia 6700 slide with the Nokia 6300. Let's start with the bad:* The UI works much differently. You'll have to be careful or you'll delete a character when you want to cancel, or delete a contact when you want to delete a character, or something similar. Things that should be simple, such as adding a detail to a contact, is somehow difficult.* The interface is slow, slow, slow! Let's say you hit "Contacts" and start typing "sam". The interface is so slow that it skips the "s" and enters "a". So you hit "erase". Oops, that was the cancel button. So you try again. There's the name. You try to scroll down and select the number. The interface lags, so you select the wrong one. You hit "back", but then you're in the list not where you were to begin with, so you have to start all over.* It tries to get fancy and insert spaces in the number, assuming you're in the US, which makes, for example, local Brazilian numbers hard to recognize.* It doesn't recognize the contact of an incoming call from an eight-digit local Brazilian number on the SIM card. This may be a deal breaker---anyone who calls my while I'm in Brazil with a TIM SIM card will come in as the number, not the contact, and I have no idea who is calling. The 6300 was so smart it matching any trailing digits---even the eight-digit form with the full international number form.* There are no smileys. Yes, you read that right. You cannot insert or see smileys in text messages---you have to remember your :'s and )'s and do it manually.* When browsing your contacts, there is no way to view a contact detail. Let's say that you are viewing "Sam Smith" and that contact has a long email address or a multi-line note. There is no way (as was possible with the 6300) to select "View" to view the detail---you have to edit the contact to see the full detail contents (and try not to accidentally modify anything).* There is no missed call indicator. The 6300 blinked its little blue light on the side if you had been in the shower when someone sent you a message or tried to call you. The 6700 slide has nifty little lights on the front that would have been perfect for this, but it doesn't use them. You could go all day not knowing someone tried to reach you.* The media interface is completely dumbified. You can't browse by folders---you're stuck with the phone's decision of how it wants to arrange your photos and music on the SD card. In the 6300 I could go directly to which folder I wanted.* You can't change the type of a phone number (e.g. from "home" to "mobile") as in the 6300---you have to cut and paste.* You can't easily zoom a photo, if a all. This was quickly available in the 6300 via one or two keypresses.* The home page is cluttered with odd menus (why do I want a "share your photos link?") that, depending on which one you happen to have accidentally selected, changes what the keys do when you slide open the phone.* The SD card doesn't have a "push-to-insert, push-to-remove" functionality. You can push it all day, and it won't spring out. I seriously have to get out a pair of tweezers to remove the card. I am not kidding. And before you think I'm doing something wrong, try it yourself!There are some good things:* Even though advertised as using US 3G frequencies, it does UMTS just fine in Brazil on TIM.* The camera is a huge step up from the 6300. Pictures taken on a bright day aren't bad.* It is a neat feature that you can hold down the big button and the clock will come on---once you figure it out.* The alarms, although at first seemingly less powerful than the 6300, offer more options---once you figure it out.The phone is just a little too thick. It feels just a little too cheap---if I were betting, I'd say it couldn't hold up after being dropped as many times as the 6300, but we'll see. The missing features (no SIM contact identification for eight-digit numbers; no smileys; no message indicator light) may be a deal-breaker for me. I'll give it a few more weeks.Update 2011-03-19: I finally sent this phone back. I couldn't stand it anymore. Luckily I found the Nokia C3-01 Silver, which is a more worthy upgrade from the Nokia 6300. I'm pretty happy with it. It corrects most of the problems I mention above, and it even adds a few nifty features such as conversation view for messages. It has a touch-screen, which is sort of gimmicky but not too bad. About the only shortcoming of the C3-01 is that it can't send text messages with all international characters, and makes you switch to French or Spanish composition mode (the only two other language modes it offers) just to get those characters. Overall, though, I wouldn't hesitate second in recommending the C3-01 over the 6700. (For some reason, I couldn't enter a product link to the actually C3-01 I purchased; look it up with Amazon Product ID B0046RE9DM.)