The Samsung Galaxy S3 is a great phone. It takes a little bit to get used too, but I guess that's with all phones. I originally was giving to get an iPhone 5, but after they won that ridiculous lawsuit I went with my 2nd choice the S3. I was also not liking the very little changes to the iPhone 5 and the change of port on the bottom as well.Going from the Droid X to the S3 is nice. There are pros and cons IMO as with everything. First the bad news. Note most if not all my complaints are easily fixable by using any of the many free apps in the Android Marketplace. The music player (which is why I was thinking of going iPhone 5 as I lost my iTouch a couple months ago) is kind of low. It doesn't play smoothly as there are breaks sometimes in the middle of a song. Also there is no lockscreen controls. I'm now using Amazon MP3 as my music player and although it does add lockscreen controls I still get the occasional break within a song so it seems it's the phone. The MP3s do not break on my computer.Another complaint is the alarm. Droid X allowed me to hear the full song as an alarm, but the S3's stock alarm cuts off after about a minute probably less. Also choosing MP3s as an alarm isn't as smooth as you actually have to go through your SD cards menu instead of pulling a list up like on the Droid X.The complaints are the volume button can get in the way when holding my phone landscape therefore changing the volume while listening to my music as I do something else on my phone. The touchscreen is extremely sensitive (yes it's bothersome to me) as sometimes my fingers holding my phone move in front of the screen and registering it as a touch even if very slightly at the farthest edges... I also do not like the stock browser as you basically have to scroll all the way up because the URL bar scrolls up with the page.The user dictionary doesn't update when you keep a word instead of using the ssuggestions. It looks like I actually have to manually add words to my dictionary... and the clipboard isn't a true clipboard because when I try to copy a link I can repaste it in the URL or into a text, but sharing it on facebook via status isn't possible.Now the pros. The battery life is amazing. I don't even use battery saver mode and it still lasts longer then my old Droid X did with Battery Saver mode on and all things basically turned off and my S3 also has GPS and WiFi running too! The phone is extremely light. I may actually get a case because at times I forget I'm holding it because how light and thin it is. Also, I'm guessing the S3 has better receivers as I have better call quality and 3G speeds. Unless of course Verizon erected a new tower near me on the same exact day I activated this phone which I highly doubt.The screen is quite amazing. I've seen IPhone 4S screens (those are supposed to have Retina displays right?) and IMO this looks better much more vivid. I've heard people say theirs get really hot, but mine did only the first day. Now it's actually cooler then my Droid X with the extended battery (Oh yeah forgot about that... that's how good the battery life is.)S Voice (Siri like personal assistant) seems quite accurate. Definitely more so then Droid X's, but can't compare to iPhone's as I've never tried it. Oh if you have the original S like my aunt it's of course much better then that. I like how you can command your phone to wake up with whatever phrase you want (I'm playing with "Obey Me!" for now), but it doesn't work with music playing which I was able to do with Droid X (not that I used it all that much because like I said Droid X's music player had lockscreen controls). I haven't truly fully explored the S3, but as I notice comparisons I'll update this review.Overall it's a very good phone and although the point of Android is customizability I am saddened the S3's stock features aren't up there with a 2 year old phone. Not to mention it's got the new version versus Droid X's (don't remember their tasty names).