I have had this phone for 2 years before the screen went completely black on me, and I had to order a replacement.PROS:- I love that this is a slide phone and that it has a full keyboard on it, saving me from having to send texts the old fashioned way.- The service is great. I live in New York and have had very few dropped calls. I would say 1 out of 25 calls would be dropped if that.- The battery is exactly what I bought this phone for! I charge my phone once every 3 or 4 DAYS. It has stayed on for up to two weeks without needing to be charged when I don't use it much. (The one thing I hated most about my previous phones T-Mobile Sidekick and Droid from Verizon was that they needed to be charged every day even if I didn't use them, the droid especially. I need my phone for work, and if it dies within 4-5 hours of using it, I am in deep doo doo)- I love the outdoor setting on the phone. It gets super loud, I use it whenever I leave my apartment, and when I am sleeping so I make sure I never miss a call or text.- Audio Text Messages are a great feature! It reminds me of that walkie-talkie like feature that Boost mobile has. You can record up to 3 minutes of audio and send it as a text to someone. It's kind of like leaving a quick voicemail message without having to call and wait for the beep.- The map is pretty cool too. I get lost sometimes in NY and it tells me exactly where I am and how to get where I am going.CONS:- The Web is slow at best. It is nothing like a smartphone in this aspect. I don't really know how to explain the differences you'd just have to experience it yourself, all I know is that I don't really like it.- The camera is useless. There is no auto-focus feature, so taking photos of anything close up is pointless. Your subject would have to be well more than arms length away, so I can't take pics of myself or of anything I hold in my hands (like those bar code things that you scan with your phone and it shows you more details about that item.... Won't work).- The keyboard is tiny. I don't have the smallest of hands, so it took me a bit to get used to it and not pressing 2 buttons at a time. Also there is no visible number pad on the screen of the phone so if you had to dial a number like 1 800 DIAL US NOW, you wouldn't know which number key corresponds with which letter (This happens to me more often than not).- The headphone jack will not fit normal headphones! This is a huge CON in my opinion. Mainly because my hands are usually preoccupied and I cannot always hold the phone up to my head. I had to buy a bluetooth, because no one had an earpiece/headset that would fit. Also, the radio will not play unless you have headphones plugged in (so this is useless for me), which means I have to use my ipod if I want to listen to any music (slight inconvenience).- Even though Straight Talk sends you a text message to remind you that your membership is running out about a week ahead of time, you never know exactly when your service stops unless you try making a call. I have had my phone deactivated for almost a week once before ever noticing that there was no service. I've missed many calls and friends and family would worry about me and have no contact with me unless I happened to log onto facebook or email (if you set up auto-refills you don't have to worry about this).So overall, I think this phone is great JUST AS A REGULAR CELLPHONE! But as a SMART PHONE, I don't think this meets all of the requirements, which is why I am giving it a 3 out of 5. If you need a phone just to make calls, for emergencies, or for daily use, this is a phone I would definitely recommend! But if you want a cheaper alternative to an iphone or android phone, you will be sorely disappointed. Yes, it does go online, and yes, you can download apps and the like, but it is very slow and unreliable, half of the apps available are incompatible and a waste of time and money.The reason I gave this a 3 out of 5 and not a 2 is because I still use it to this day. Also, the Straight Talk customer service is fairly good, they sent me a brand new replacement phone, free of charge, that came with another charger, battery, and sim card and also refunded me the service time that I paid for and didn't get to use. I do miss actually having a smart phone, but for just $45-50 a month, getting unlimited everything, I am quite content.