When I bought the phone, Anna had been announced, but it was not available for my phone. I bought the phone for its amazing features. It has the best camera (or atleast one of the top three) available on it, which is a HUGE plus for me. It has USB to go, an HDMI out, decent amount of memory with the capability to add more (upto 32gb via mini sdHC cards); in short I was really excited to get the phone. When I got it though, I wasn't impressed at all, it came with the orignal symbian s^3 OS, which was laggy and slow, and simply made me annoyed. I thought the phone is slow, or it doesnt have enough processing power. And I really wanted to get rid of it, until Anna was finally released. Anna is the fastest operating system I've used on any phone (other being iOS, and android). It runs smooth and seemlessly, and is simple to use. Made me fall in love with the phone all over again. Fast forward a few months, and Belle came along. Another WoW! Its simply beautiful, and I love how customizable it is. You can set each home screen however you want, and have custom settings for the horizontal and vertical orientations, with icons and widgets of different sizes. Belle, atleast for me, doesn't run as fast as Anna, but it isn't bad at all considering it was built for phones with twice the memory and processing power. Also, it only takes time to load when you're looking at something for the first time. For example, say you haven't checked your second,(or 3rd or,4th, or 5th, or 6th)home screen in a while (about 15 min to an hour). When you swipe to see the home screen, it takes about 1 or 2 seconds to load and update all the widgets you have on that particular home screen. Once its loaded, you can swipe back and forth seemlessly, and everything will be loaded & ready for you. The reason it takes a few seconds the first time is becuase it avoids storing un-needed information for prolonged periods in your RAM. This in turn saves your battery, and thats the reason I can get by a day or two or more without having to re-charge whereas my sister who uses android can't go any more than a few hours or a day with the same kind of usage.In short, Now I have a mini-HDMI to DVI-D converter (bought it at amazon), and also Nokia's RCA Cable (Fits in the 3.5mm jack on top). So I can hook up a monitor, an old TV, or a new HD tv to my phone. Connect my phone to a Keyboard and mouse via USB or bluetooth and I have a fully funtional computer that I can use to make assignments & presentation. Its a perfect balance of work and play, thats basically what I got the phone for, and I'm very happy with it.After seeing Belle, I really hope Nokia would keep making symbian phones, atleast for the high-end market, coz there is truly nothing as good out there (although I've heard good things about Meego too, but I've never personally used it).Cheers to the hardware & software makers of the N8, Anna, & Belle!