After close to a year (believe it or not) of research, I finally purchased this phone in March. I wanted a single device to do everything - media-player, PDA, Internet capabilities and a good camera. I had no intention to jump aboard the Apple bandwagon (although I understand why people love their I-Phones) and the Android platform phones weren't giving me what I needed hardware-wise.Finally I took the plunge and purchased my blue N8. I was very happy (and very lucky) NOT to receive one of the many defective units that a lot of other reviewers are complaining about. For those who might care, mine says "Made in Finland." The phone worked straight out of the box. I played around with the basic functions for a couple of hours before installing the OVI software and doing a live-update via my computer. The OVI suite that came pre-installed for some reason didn't recognise the phone when I plugged it into the USB port, and I eventually had to download the software off the website and reinstall. It worked flawlessly afterwards. I'd strongly advise you update the firmware as soon as you get your phone - many complaints I've read here are resolved by this update.I won't get into specifics of the hardware as Amazon's product description covers everything you need to know. Here's simply a breakdown of what I LIKE:* The unit itself is very attractive and sturdy. For added protection (and if you pay US $399 for a phone you better be concerned), get an Otterbox case, which comes with a free screen protector.* Setting up email was quick and easy, as was my Facebook connection. Telephone contacts were easily downloaded from my SIM card and I can synchronise contacts with their respective Facebook profiles.* I get Quick-office which allows me to EDIT and CREATE files, not just view them.* Synching with my Outlook calendar is easy using the OVI suite.* The Wi-Fi wizard could not be easier to use. I don't have a data plan, but the speeds I get at the various hotspots are very good. I've been able to comfortably do live updates, install apps and send/receive photos and other attachments with no trouble.* Two years back I bought an Olympus 12MP camera and was very unhappy with the battery life and photo quality - I had previously owned an Olympus 5MP which took better pictures than its replacement. The N8 camera far surpasses my Olympus, especially with night shots. The on-board editing software is fantastic.* Video is high-definition. I don't need to spend extra $ on a digi-cam now.* FM transmitter! This was the deal-breaker for me. I can toss my CD case I've been carrying in my car for the last few years and put all my music on this phone to play through my car deck. The other phones I had previously short-listed for purchase (HTC and Motorola Droid X) didn't have this very handy feature.* The video player is compatible with most file formats. The display quality in unbelievable, making watching movies on this phone an absolute joy.* Battery life has been satisfactory so far. I do moderate browsing throughout the day but frequently use the music player/FM transmitter and a couple of other apps. No complaints here.So now we get to the SYMBIAN. I think it's a matter of personal preference when it comes to the OS/GUI on this phone. I've used Apple & Android phones enough to understand why people like them. While the OS on the N8 may not be as "fun" to use, it is simple to figure out, very responsive and gets the job done. I don't need more than that from a mobile phone OS. Actions such as pinch-and-zoom, scrolling, etc. are routinely performed with no problems whatsoever. I have experienced the occasional (i.e. infrequent) application "seizure" but no more so than on other smart-phones. I bought this phone primarily for the hardware and an OS that is simple and to the point. The fact that Nokia has discontinued Symbian development has not made me regret this decision. The OS is stable, and there are at least 2 major firmware releases due which will provide additional functionality (portrait QWERTY keyboard, etc.). As for 3rd-party apps, I have all the important ones I need from the OVI store. To be perfectly blunt, the majority of apps out there are frivolous nonsense that I can do without.All things considered, here are a few things to note (in the interest of lending balance to this review):* I am sure the OVI maps are great, providing you can get maps for your area. I live in the Caribbean and there are NO maps available for this part of the world. So, I'm unable to enjoy one of the features I was most looking forward to. I did download Google maps, but this of course requires an active Internet connection for the GPS.* The Music Player is VERY basic. I'd like to see Nokia improve on this in one of the updates. Same with the movie player.* The on-board battery meter can be misleading. Download the Nokia Battery Monitor utility (very nifty) and you'll notice that it routinely displays the charge with a 3-4 percent difference from the on-board meter.* The web browser isn't impressive. Get Opera mobile.* It would've been nice to have included a lanyard in the box.* The stereo headset I received looked really good, but unfortunately mine didn't work. I didn't bother to write Amazon on this, as it's not that big of a deal with me.* No e-book reader application. This was a disappointment, as the pre-installed PDF reader just doesn't do it for me.In summary, I've gotten a phone that can can do pretty much everything an I-Phone does WITH the best on-board camera on the market for considerably less money. This is a great device that comes highly recommended.