I've been a T-Mobile customer for several years now. They have the best prepaid (pay as you go) plan in my opinion. The minutes do not expire for a year, and T-Mobile notifies you via text message a few days before expiring, so you can add time and roll over your prepaid minutes. Take that AT&T;! I typically use about a 1000 minutes per year ($100.00).I previously had a RAZR phone (which I loved), but wanted a device with more features. My favorite thing about the RAZR was that it's size and weight were very comfortable in my pocket (a guy thing). This phone is just a tiny bit larger and heavier than a RAZR, but it's not noticable. I can walk around with this phone in my pocket all day and not even notice it. I just removed the SIM card from my RAZR, and inserted it into this phone. Your phone number, prepaid minutes, and account don't change.Now to the phone. I've had this phone for about 6 weeks and I'm very happy with it. Like I said, I keep it in my pocket, but this phone has a glass screen so your keys etc won't scratch it. No screen protector is needed. Also, the fit/finish on the phone is very good. The battery door shuts tight (no rattles), the buttons seem firm, and the connectors (micro usb and headphones) are tight and connect well. My only complaint would be the placement of the volume buttons. When I first got the phone, I tended to press them whenever I held the phone, but this is something I'm getting used to.The call quality is great, and the speakerphone is easy to use. The phone also supports an in call dialer so you can enter PINs etc during a call.The main reason I got this phone was to replace my MP3 player. The phone OS (Android) has a built in music player and FM radio. Both work very well. The device is easy to sync up with your PC music libraries, you just connect the phone to your PC with the provided USB cable, the phone prompts you to turn on USB sharing, and the SD card shows up as a removable device on your PC (like a USB drive). You can use windows explorer to copy, delete, and move files on the phones SD card. If you wish you can also use Media Player or a similar software package to automatically sync your music libraries. One thing to note: the phone comes with a 2GB micro SD card. This will probably only hold about 40 albums or so. I upgraded the card to a 16GB one.I also have set up the device to acess my WiFi router at home. I was able to set up my email accounts (hotmail was almost automatic, att.net a little harder). I don't use the phone for email on a regular basis, but once the accounts are set up, you can access email whenever you connect via WiFi, or buy a one day data plan. I suggest you also get a gmail account, with this you can backup your contact list to your gmail account. If you ever lose the phone, or it breaks, you won't lose all that valuble contact information.Web browsing is reasonable, but expect to scroll around quite a bit, the screen is small. Text entry is a little challanging (again small screen), but if you flip the phone to landscape it is much better, even with my fat fingers. And certainly, it's much easier than the RAZR which used the old numeric pad entry system.Android runs pretty smoothly, I haven't noticed any lag on the phone, and the WiFi connection is fast and stable. I can use it anywhere in my house.As far as battery life, smartphones can drain batteries quickly if you don't configure them correctly. I suggest turning off Bluetooth, WiFi, and background sync (a real killer), and only enable them when needed. This is very easy to do (system app, settings). Also, don't use live wallpapers. They are cool to look at, but drain your battery. When I'm only using my phone, I don't have to charge it for several days. If you use WiFi or Bluetooth, be prepared to charge the phone daily. Also, when I use the music player at work, I charge the phone daily. All smartphones are like this. You just have to be aware.Overall I recommend this phone noting the limitations I discussed above. The phone is a great phone :), the music player and WiFi connectivity are a big plus, and the size is just right if you don't want a brick in your pocket.