I was about to return this phone because Verizon wanted a $45 data plan just to activate it; then I read the brilliant comments by Chuck Homic.Opening the package, I saw the ESN/MEID HEX printed on the box. I held down the power button until the PALM light lit up on-screen. It took a while for it to boot up. The phone tried twice to call Verizon and activate itself, to no avail.On another phone, I called the Page Plus Cellular toll-free number and gave them the Pixi's MEID and the phone number that I wanted ported from my active, prepaid Verizon phone. They gave me a 'Premier Package' 6-digit activation code to dial from Pixi, and said that Verizon is usually quick to release your old number and to call back when they have done so.It took about an hour or so that the old cell number stopped ringing the old phone, indicating that it had been ported.In order to dial the activation code on the Pixi, you first press the little phone symbol on the screen and press Emergency Call. When the dialpad shows, hit the backspace three times to erase the 911 off the screen. Enter the six-digit code and hit the Call button. The phone will take a while to activate and will need to be rebooted when it's finished.After you reboot the phone, you'll have to do the Phone Symbol- Emergency Call- erase 911- thing again. Now on the dialpad, try to call a phone number near you to test, like a home number or something. When the phone near you rings, hang up and listen for the confirmation on the phone that it's working.IMPORTANT: Page Plus Cellular gives your account about $2 worth of phone/ text/ data to start your service. Because the Palm Pixi Plus requires a data connection to set up the Palm Profile and activate FIRST, you cannot use WiFi yet to do this. The $2 credit should be plenty to just set up your profile; if not, then call them from another phone and make sure you get the full-on Premier activation code.When I was told this, and since I only use the Voice feature for rare 'emergency' and 'notice' calls, then I opted for the Standard Plan of $10 for 100 minutes that expire after 120 days ($30/year).After the Palm Profile was set up, a brief video tutorial ensued. I then immediately tapped on the Signal Bars symbols to turn on the WiFi, and entered my router's WPA security code for access to my home WiFi network.Now using my own WiFi, I felt FREE to import/ associate the Pixi with my Google contacts, emails, and calendar. Sweet.Here are my notes on this - [Amazon took away the link to my SpringPad notes - [...] ]UPDATE: I've put 380+ songs on it, plus the Pandora App, and I still have 5gb of space.The 'Amazon MP3' app is already built in. The music sounds so good that I ordered the Palm headset as well. I also like the AccuWeather app and about 16 others.UPDATE: I got the dedicated Palm stereo headset for about $3 and discovered that double-clicking the Mic Mute button will advance to the next song (FF) - see review: Palm Stereo Headset for Palm Pixi and Palm Pre . At that price, I try to keep a pair in the car, work, etc.UPDATE: I got a deal on the Belkin Bluetooth dongle for Home Stereo - NEW Version Belkin F8Z492-P Bluetooth Music Receiver and so that I could play my music on the Pixi over my full system; I really like that.UPDATE: plugging and unplugging the charge cord was starting to be a chore, so I bought the TouchStone inductive charger from Palm where you just lay the phone on top of the thing - Palm Touchstone Charging Dock for Palm Pre and Palm Pixi. You have to use a special jacket w/ the TouchStone, and I chose one in bright orange - Palm Pixi Touchstone Cover (orange)UPDATE: THE HOLY GRAIL FOUND -- 'Mark' commented on Chuck Homic's post on Jun 16, 2011 - how to keep voice calls coming in while shutting off cellular data usage but still allowing for WiFi data flow:Mark says -"Mobile hotspot is *not* the only way to consume data. The phone will try to use data silently in the background for you. But you can make it so that it won't do it via carrier data. Open up the phone app (the green phone handset icon), swipe down on the upper left hand menu and select "Preferences and Accounts". A new card will come up. Scroll to the bottom and you should see something labled "Data Usage". Set that to "OFF". This will also extend your battery life on the phone by quite a bit.""If you really want to use the background data features of the phone - called "Synergy" - enable wifi and connect to your home wifi network."Thanks, Mark