I purchased this phone primarily because of the camera: 5 Megapixels, and with a real-camera xenon flash (most phones have inferior LCD 'flash').  In that respect I'm not disappointed.  Still, a few details about that camera: in order to turn on the camera, you have to slide open the protective lens cover (a few times I've been frustrated at my inability to launch the camera app - until I remember that protective cover!). Next, the camera is a bit slow to start up. Count on 3 seconds from the flick of the cover switch until you're ready to shoot.When you start the camera app, it's in picture mode. To switch into video mode, you need to find the right icon in the little vertical toolbar on the right side of the screen, and press OK.  That toolbar has more elements than can be seen on the screen at one time, and if you have at one point in the past scrolled down that list (perhaps inadvertently) you may end up wondering why your picture/video icon has disappeared; simply scroll back up.After taking a picture (using the dedicated shutter button) on the right side of the phone, in order to take a second picture (if you are in single-picture mode) you will have to press the right soft key (below the word 'Back' on your screen). If you instead mistakenly press the dedicate multimedia key immediately below that, you'll end up launching the Gallery application instead, and you'll have to press the right soft key again to exit that app and return to the camera app.If you leave the camera app for any reason, there are two ways to start it again. Either close and reopen the lens cover while on your home screen, or else press and hold the camera shutter.Once captured, pictures and videos can be saved to albums, or uploaded over the air to Nokia's Ovi on-line application, or to Flickr or Vox. I really like this feature! Take a pic while you are out and about, and immediately it's online for your friends to see.Turning to other features...The GPS is fairly useful and does a good job of recording a tracklog using the free Nokia SportsTracker application (see [...] One gripe: you can only upload tracklogs to the SportsTracker app using a cellular data connection, not WiFi.The WiFi works well also, and you can define named access points, which, when you are trying to connect to the internet, will only appear in your list when you are in range of them (you can delete them in Tools if you want).  You can set the phone to always prompt you and ask if you wish to connect via WiFi or cellular data. Save some money on data usage!The built-in browser is acceptable, and *way* better than the Microsoft Pocket Internet Explorer that's provided on Windows Mobile devices, but if you are a demanding user you will prefer to download and install Opera Mini. Speaking of downloading, you can download many apps and install them over the air - no pesky desktop synchronization required.The built-in messaging client is acceptable, and can handle multiple accounts.  One quirk is that it wants to define one account as being active, and all outgoing mail will try to go through that account (you can change active accounts with the "Connect" menu item) unless you change it in Sending Options before pressing Send.  Make sure you are properly communicating with your mail server before composing a big message however, since Messaging will simply delete your outgoing message if it cannot connect to the server.Others can talk about music and video playing as I don't use those features much.Gripes:- This phone is billed as 'US Version' but the UMTS (3G connection) is on 2100 MHz whereas most N. American cellular providers are on 1900 MHz. So, you may only be getting EDGE speed for your data transfers. (about 150 kilobytes/sec).- intensive texting is a bit of a pain given the very small keys. You can substantially improve your accuracy, speed and overall pleasure of text input by installing Adaptxt, which provides predictive word completion for a reasonable fee; you can try the app for 90 days from adaptxt.com before you buy.  On the plus side, you can pair a bluetooth keyboard (like the iGo, or Apple's wireless keyboard) to the N82 and type away with a real keyboard. I love this capability.- unlike Windows Mobile phones, there's no office suite included with the phone. But if you have a good data plan, you could just use Google Docs instead and do all your work on-line.