I wanted a smartphone that was user friendly. After having tried my friends and fiancee phones (iphones, Samsung Galaxy, etc.) I have decided that neither of them was what I wanted. I wanted something extremely intuitive and, possibly, very reliable. After reading plenty of reviews online I decided that, based on my parameters, a Nokia Windows Phone would have been the best fit.I badly wanted to buy the Nokia 920, but it works only with AT&T; which is far from being a decent company from my point of view (one of the worst customer services I have ever experienced and expensive plans). Hence, I decided to try the `smaller brother' of Nokia 920, as a temporary phone while waiting for my provider to sell an excellent Nokia Windows 8 Phone.I have to admit I was a little bit worried because the Nokia 710 still runs with Windows 7 (version 7.8 after the first update), but  I was fairly impressed with man things.Let's make it clear, this is not a phone to compare with the last i-phone or the Samsung Note. In its class of phones, this item is very good. In absolute value, it's a not-bad phone, but I would give it probably 6.5 out of 10.The reasons?Well, the Windows 7 system is somehow the opposite of the laptop Windows 7 system: it gives no problems at all. Never frozen, never had any single problem. The `tile' view is very appealing and intuitive and I like the way one can personalize them. The menu and the design of the system in general makes it very easy to use, even to a first-time smartphone user like my mother.The not-so-good news are the following:1)the battery lasts slightly less than it should. With a couple of hours of conversation, some text messaging and minor searches on the web, the battery last about 2 full days IF one checks the 'save the battery option'. Without this option selected, it lasts only 1 full day.Even worst, once in a while (approx 1 day per week), for no apparent reasons, the battery lasts half than it should, even with the battery saver on.Even worst, if I keep the wi-fi on, and I use the phone as I mentioned before (light use: 2 hours of conversation, text messaging, a few searches online) the battery lasts approx 12 hours.So battery is one of the weak points. On the other hand, very few smartphones lasts really long, and they are usually 3 times more expensive than this one, which takes less than 2 hours to recharge.2) the quality of the call is fairly low. My fiancee complained several times that if keep the phone on my shoulder (while I do other things) and talk to her, she does not understand a word. None of my previous phones gave me this problem. She said that, in general, my voice comes out harder to understand and more robotic than my previous phones.3) The camera is decent, but pictures often come out with colors that are far from the actual ones. Again, I did not buy the phone for the camera (I already knew it was not going to be good), but from time to time it is useful to have a camera handy to take a picture of something, and I would say that this camera is low quality.As another important pro, it is almost impossible to destroy the phone (like every other Nokia I have tried). A friend of mine, in front of me kicked his Nokia 710 against the wall. I told him he must be crazy, but he said that this phone is simply impossible to destroy. So, he kicked the Nokia against the wall, the Nokia split into a number of pieces that he collected back, put them back together and then tried to start the phone again. I would not believe it: it was working like nothing happened to it!Other pros are Nokia Maps (amazing!) and Driving system. I was impressed, and I appreciated that I could just download the maps and then use them whenever I wanted without need of having internet connection (useful when you get lost in the middle of nowhere and there is very poor connection to use the GPS.I cannot tell that much about the music, because I did not use it very much so far, but I used to have a Zone and I liked their system a lot.All in all, the phone is definitely a good value for the money, but it's not a good buy if you want a phone where everything is perfect. This is a good phone with more pros than cons, nevertheless, there are cons that you may need to consider before buying it. For my needs, this phone works very well, and if it were not for the battery life and the quality of the call I would give it 5 out of 5.