To this day, Scrubs is still one of those shows that is not totally appreciated by the network that airs it, doesn't get huge ratings, but still has a fantastic fan base that truly cares about the show.In the second season, viewers got to know a lot about the personal lives of the characters, which helped to make them more real and eventually inspired people to really invest in them, which is what makes the fan base so devoted.Scubs is not like any other sitcom, at least any that I watch. It's odd fantasy sequences are quite unique and the no-studio audience format is quite interesting. There is no laugh track, which leaves you laughing on your own.And, watching Season two, there were plenty of chances to laugh.As J.D. (Zach Braff), Elliot (Sarah Chalke) and Turk (Donald Faison) enter their second year at Sacred Heart Hospital, they are certainly bound to take a step up. Instead of being interns, they are now residents, left with more decisions and more responsibility.John (J.D.) Dorian is the center of the show and the episodes, for the most part, are written from his point of view. He provides the narration for almost all the episodes and the fantasies are usually spawned from his brain. In season two, he wrestles with his feelings for fellow resident Elliot Reed, battles with chief resident Perry Cox (John C. McGinley), sees his best friend Turk get engaged and has numerous romantic entanglements. I will say, that JD gets tons of beautiful women. In this season alone, guest stars that went on dates with him include Amy Smart as the Tasty Coma Wife (A great episode) and Sarah Lancaster as the gift shop girl. But truly, JD is lonely, especially in comparison to his best friend Turk. One highlight of the season is a visit from J.D.'s brother (Tom Cavanaugh). The pair actually look a  lot alike.Turk, in season one, met nurse Carla Espinosa (Judy Reyes) and in season two, the pair become engaged. It is revealed in commentaries by the show's creator, that Turk and Carla are a couple they plan on keeping together for the length of the show and they have to work out many problems to get to that point. In season two, Turk's engagement ring gets swallowed by a young patient, Carla's mother dies, Turk's brother (guest star D.L.  Hughley) creates havoc on their relationship and they have the typical arguments that come with being newly engaged.Elliot has problems of her own, ranging from battling her feelings for JD to exploring other relationships, mainly with nurse Paul (guest star Rick Schroder). She finds herself cut off from her father's money, forced to live in a truck for a while and then crashes on Turk and JD's couch. She is a nervous wreck for the most part, but at the same time she is a competent doctor, who just needs to get her personal life in check.As Dr. Cox, McGinley is superb.  His long rants and diatribes are hilarious to listen to and the way he chooses a different girls' name to call JD every time he speaks, is pretty funny as well. In this season, he reunites with his ex-wife Jordan (Christa Miller), who is pregnant and eventually delivers, his baby. A highlight of the season was the episode where Cox narrates, taking over from JD's usual role. It is insightful to hear from someone else every now and then. He also has a relationship with a pharmaceutical rep, played to perfection by Heather Locklear.Ken Jenkins adds a bit of meanness as Chief of Staff Bob Kelso. He constantly berates Dr. Cox and is always looking for a resident or intern to pick on, often settling on Elliot or JD. His pompous attitude creates a lot of friction between himself and other members of the staff, but that leads to a lot of great comedic moments.Neil Flynn is added to the regular cast as the nameless janitor. According to commentaries with the show's creator, Flynn ad libs most of his lines. His incessant picking on JD is quite funny and really, I find the janitor to be the funniest character on the show. I love it when he pretends to be a doctor, or just finds inane ways to pick on JD.As far as extras go, this set is great. There are a number of commentary tracks with creator Bill Lawrence and various cast members. There are a number of featurrettes, one dealing with guest stars, another with music. There are deleted scenes and outtakes and a one-on-one interview with John C. McGinley, which is quite interesting. I found the commentaries to be quite informative and a very welcome addition to the set.All in all, a great set of a show that has yet to be truly appreciated by the networks and even by some television fans. This is quality comedic television.