For the combination of the product, Amazon and the Amazon's fuifillment merchant, this purchase would have a 5 star rating because I am very please overall. The reasons for giving a 4 star are:1. The phone got locked up by the "unexpecting error". After some research, I believe this is the Android problem and happen mostly on Samsung and HTC phones and tablets. I did not want to reset the phone to clear this error because there would be a lot of custom re-configuration of the phone to be taken place. So I called Samsung USA, none of the three support staff I spoke were knowledgable to know about this common problem at all. Later they found out this phone was not yet available in the U.S. and then told me they could not provide any support. What a joke. So, I ended up reseting the phone and it works fine so far.2. The phone is for the European market. So it does not come with the Asian language pack (except Korean...Duhhhh). The seller should mention this in the product description.3. The phone came brand new to me because the way it was sealed. This made me the happiest. All phones I've got in the past from the local T-Mobile authorized dealers were opened and used and they still claimed they were brand new. When you had no option, you could only pretend you believe them. Now I figured out how to get a brand new phone you will like/love but you can still get your cash rebate from the local mobile phone authorized dealers will offer.4. The price of the phone dropped by 7% right after Amazon shipped the purchase. Amazon allowed to return the phone but not refunding the difference because this phone was not sold by Amazon directly. I decised to keep the phone because I believe it was brand new.5. The phone is big for me. Almost all of the time I need both hands to operate the phone, though I can hold it with one hand comfortably. Well, I like the big screen. So this is not my complaint. This is for other's information.6. Similar, it is a bit big for my pants back pockets. I can't button the pocket at all so there is a big chance it will fall out of the pocket, especially when you sit or bend down. Better to keep it in the front pocket but makes the pants look funny.7. This phone is perfect for business, design professionals and web lovers. So I am not going to describe all the good things this phone offers.8. Oh, one moe thing: the phone's material is somewhat cheap or flimsy. I am scared every time when I have to remove the battery cover because it can be broken very easily. I am also scared the phone can break in half if you bend it because it is pretty thin and wide.9. Of course, this phone is way over-priced.Buy it if you are OK with android, the material and the size.