OK, so the early production code name for this phone was the Verizon Laser. Too bad they didn't stick with ; ) it but I can understand why. This is the perfect business phone.The good (not necessarily in order of importance):1) Windows UI: So much better than android and iOS in my opinion. I upgraded from an iphone 4 which was also an awesome device, but the usability of the Windows Phone OS is so much better, fluid, and easier to manage. iOS just seemed clunky to use in my opinion, even after over a year of heavy use. The Windows phone OS is really a mix of iOS and Android, easier to use than Android but offers more flexibility than iOS.2) Skydrive: Not perfect yet but very awesome none the less. I'm using the Windows 8.1 preview on my tablet/laptop and Skydrive is integrated now into your document libraries. Auto upload of photos and documents from the phone are available through explorer in Windows 8 and vice versa. It's also handy to have skydrive available from a web browser. No more dropbox for me! It works very well and there was no setup required with the exception of having a Microsoft account.3) Nokia Exclusive Apps: Not enough is said about Nokia's app lineup. Photobeamer, the camera app, the augmented reality apps, all very cool and useful. Their GPS navigation app works very well and is fun to use.4) The camera: Top notch awesome photos, good zoom, easily the best camera I have played with on a phone. Night time photos look awesome as well thanks to the fancy flash.5) Office: Out of the box editing word, powerpoint, and excel on the go! Sure, you aren't going to build a whole business presentation on a phone, but making quick edits is very handy. The email app is far superior to android and ios for my business use.6)  Hardware: Very high quality! The screen is top notch, very vivid colors and deep blacks. Videos look amazing. The 928 can hold its own up to a Samsung Galaxy and iPhone. The buttons are well placed, the speaker is loud and clear. Calls are much clearer than my iPhone was. I really like the placement of all buttons on the phone as well. Good spacing and easy to access. I'll also note that it went flying out of my hand screen down into a gravel parking lot. After letting out a loud sissy squeak, I was relieved to find no visible scratches on the screen. Very impressive. With that in mind, cases for this device are pretty limited for now as well as the screen protectors.7) XBOX Live: True they don't have the selection of games that Android or iOS does, but the integration of your XBOX live account is very well done and fun to use. NBA Jam is really fun and the controls/touchscreen work great.8) I could go on about more little things I love about this phone but will cut it short. This is the only Windows Phone you should consider in my opinion. If you are an app fanatic, the Windows OS may not be a good choice yet as they grow the app store. I will say the apps they do have are high quality. For business use, the Nokia with Windows is the clear choice. I may be a little biased towards Windows as an admin, but also enjoy and respect Apple and Google's interfaces as well.The Bad:1) I really don't have any complaints yet after a month of use. A couple freeze ups (thankfully no blue screens!) easily fixed by a reboot.If you are considering this phone, GET IT. You will be satisfied.