I wanted to get the phone unlocked for obvious reasons, but there are a few things I didn't know. For one, it doesn't come with US hardware, like the USB charger is a European model. There is no warranty either, I contact Amazon, they told me to contact where I got it, I think they said World Wide dist., they were short and terse with me. They couldn't tell me how I can register this phone. What's worse is that Samsung doesn't support it either - they made the phone. You can't ask questions because the number n7100 isn't a choice. So that's a big problem right there.I installed a Sandisk class 10 64gb micro sd card, it had the android on the cover. The phone knows it's there, yet there is no install to SD option anywhere on the phone, and most programs don't know from it. Some know it's there, some don't, some backup programs know it's there and can use it. But for the most part it's useless, and I can't find anyone in Samsung that will answer that simple question. I don't want to root the phone, because I don't want to take the chance messing it up. I'm hoping it's a glitch, 4.1.2 is rumored to come out at the end of January, maybe that will be fixed by then.That's why it's a 3.However that aside, it's a great phone. Fast, GPS locks on in seconds (though a little too often since it writes home to google each time you connect). Plenty of apps to get. I found it odd that even though I'm plugged into the USB, that the battery will drain. And the computer won't sync up with it, instead I have to rely on the wifi working.The pen feature is kind of dumb. Mostly it's the software, Samsung made the software and it doesn't flow like the system does. Like you can't drag and drop a file, you have to select by holding down, then move, then click the folder, then select move again, it's kind of tedious. The pen is also really hard to hold onto and that button is a joke, unless you have tiny hands.The size of the thing is rather large, and it's very slippery. Even with a case on it, it slid out of my pocket twice. If you plan on putting it in your pocket, and I place the glass side against my leg, choose a case that is sticky. When the otter box comes here and if it's less then retail I'll buy that. The instructions are terrible though it does come with a help app. The instructions that came with the phone was in 5 languages but not English, but you can download the full version online anyway, and the booklet was mostly for that pen.Everything about the phone is google oriented, and while I'm not totally certain, I think my search results for a map ended up in the google now that's installed. The talking features of the phone work well, they understand most things what I say, I just wish I could teach it my name. The spoken by it works well. The map functions is more than great because you can download 10 miles at a time, though the resolution drops the further away you get. But the maps are huge. But when offline you can browse these as if you were online and get spoken turn by turn instructions. If your online you can choose other routes to avoid traffic. There is a siri like thing on this device that I have yet to figure out. So far everything I asked has been totally ignored. Frankly I don't know what it's even for. I guess it's another gimmick to compete with apple.Graphics are fantastic, bold bright and pretty even. Strong contrast, you'll lose a little detail in the shadows, but everything else looks wonderful. There is a built in updater that will check and install any updates you programs might need. The info is in the notification box. The flash for the camera is a LED, pretty bright and can be used as a flashlight, so that's pretty neat. Oh you might want to get a better USB, I find that it's too short and seems to always pull out, along with that - you'll need the charger for your outlet, if you don't already have one.