When my company's IT department decided to lock us out of our webmail accounts, I went looking for a phone that would allow me to send and receive email for my side business.  I read all of the reviews and went to the Cingular store planning to buy either a Treo 680 or an 8525.  After holding the two aforementioned beasts, I realized that there's no way I would carry a phone that large - I'm not a utility belt type guy, I like a phone that fits in my front pants pocket, but doesn't raise eyebrows while there.  After holding all three phones in my hand, I knew that the Blackjack was the one.I was a little trepidatious after reading some of the reviews here, but the Cingular store guy assured me that I had 30 days to return it, and matched Amazon's price.  So out the door I went with my new phone.After using it for two weeks, I love it!  It does just about everything my old Ipaq did and is an excellent phone to boot.  My favorite features:1) Email - that's what I bought it for in the first place, and the email feature works great with my POP mail accounts.  Someone posted below about how it deletes your emails as soon as you have read them...that's only the case if you configure it that way.  I initially hooked it up through outlook and outlook downloaded all of the emails from my pop mail accounts, emptying my webmail boxes.  I have since turned off outlook, and set up the pop accounts on the phone itself.  This way the email goes to the phone AND to the webmail boxes.  I only keep the last three days emails on the phone, but an additional copy is stored in the webmail box, so I can log on to the internet to read them.  I also have the POP email accounts configured to automatically check for new email every 15 minutes.  Easy and very functional.2) Internet - Cingular has a 3G network where I am and it is fast!  The BJ has a great browser, which lets me surf my favorite sites from anywhere.  The excellent screen makes the sites surprisingly readable, even though the text is small.  The added banus, however, was how easy it is to use this phone as a modem.  I can connect the BJ to my laptop with the USB cable, go to File Explorer>Windows>Internet sharing.exe and my laptop recognizes the BJ as a network device.  Combine that with the 3G network speeds and I have a decent broadband connection on the commuter train!3) Entertainment - I get bored easily, so I always need to be doing something.  I used to carry my Ipaq with me all the time, just to have games to play in the checkout line.  I stopped doing that years ago, but now I have the equivalent functionality in my phone (which I do carry everywhere).  It took a couple of days to get used to the stylus free operation of the Windows Smartphone OS, but after a little playing, I found out that it can do almost everything my Ipaq could.  I can read books using the free Mobipocket reader, and I have three novels currently loaded on.  I can listen to music or watch videos. or (My Favorite), I can play classic Nintendo games.  I was able to get the PocketNester application to work on the BJ, so now I can whip out Mario Bros, or Legend of Zelda or Tecmo Bowl wherever I am.  Cool stuff!  All this content requires more memory, but thanks to my friends at NewEgg, I was able to get a 1GB Micro SD for $13.ABOUT THE BATTERY LIFE: A lot of people have complained about the battery life.  Cingular included an extended battery and a new battery door with mine.  The extended battery makes the device a little thicker, but not in an uncomfortable way.  With the standard battery, the camera sticks out a little bit from the back of the device.  With the extended battery, the battery door brings the back of the device flush with the camera.  Still planty pocket sized.  I've never used the standard battery - so I can't comment on that - but the extended battery gives me about 2 days of juice under normal usage (about 1.5 hours of calls, 2 hours of email/internet, 1.5 hours of games, phone on standby the rest of the time).  I try to remember to plug it in every night, but when I forget, I have plenty of juice to get me through the second day.All in all, I couldn't be happier with the device, I will list a few cons, though.CONS:- Nonstandard headphone jack.  I'm used to it because my Ipaq did the same thing, but I really wish it had one!- Three button unlock.  I wish there was a better way to unlock the phone than having to click three buttons.  Two would have been fine.- Navigation (again Windows problem).  Some of the features take a lot of work to get to, like the internet sharing.- Lack of a clipboard - I really wish i could copy/paste (Windows again).