Boost Mobile has replaced the Galaxy S II, using the obsolete Wi-Max network, with the more advanced Samsung Galaxy S3, running on Sprint's new high speed 4g LTE network. There is NO reason to buy the Galaxy S II unless you can buy the it for a sensationally low price...say, about $199. The more expensive Galaxy S3, with MUCH faster data speeds, provides better value for your money.The Samsung Galaxy S II is a great phone. If rated by the superb quality of its large screen, the solid quality of phone calls, and its superior ability to handle basic functions such as texting, email, photos, videos, and music, the S2 is equal or superior to the Apple Iphone 5 and most other premium quality phones. For details on why the S2 is such a great phone, read some of the many "Five Star" Reviews.So, why do I rate the Samsung S2 as only a "Two Star" phone? Because it is priced as being a 4g phone, but the Sprint/Virgin Wi-Max network can deliver TRUE 4g speeds indoors to only about 10% of American homes. Second, instead of expanding the Wi-Max network, Sprint/Virgin has decided to replace the Wi-Max network with a 4g LTE network and shut down the Wi-Max network.The closing of the Wi-Max network has begun. Within three years, the Wi-Max network is likely to be totally shut down. A Wi-Max phone, such as the S2, can NOT connect to Sprint/Virgins's new 4g LTE network. In cities with a 4g LTE network, the S2 will be limited to the Sprint/Virgin BASIC network, which is the slowest network in America...with very slow download speeds similar to the snail slow dial-up internet speeds of 1995.How bad is the Wi-Max network? Go to the Virgin Mobile website and study the Wi-Max coverage maps. ZERO coverage in the majority of states. Zero coverage if you are not near a city with a population of over a million people. Tests by CNET and other organizations find that even in cities with great Wi-Max coverage such as Houston, Texas, TRUE 4g speeds are reached only when you are outdoors. Inside a home, the speeds slow down to less than the speed of an At&t; 3g HSPA phone. Inside a large office building, the Wi-Max speeds revert to 2g speeds that are too slow for video, and sometimes to slow to stream music.Battery life? Many of the "Five Star" and "Four Star" reviews mention very poor battery life. That is a direct result of the low quality Wi-Max network. If a phone is getting a strong signal and can download data rapidly, there is a very light load on the battery. However,if a phone is constantly searching for a usable signal and struggles to slowly download data, the load on the battery doubles or triples. A phone that gets eight hours per charge on a weak network would get up to 16 hours or 24 hours per charge on a strong network.If the Galaxy S2 was selling for the price of a good 3g phone ($125 to $199) it would be worth buying. However, Virgin Mobile prices the SII at the level of TRUE 4g phones that have 4g coverage in every major city and in every major state. Because Sprint/Virgin has already decided to close its Wi-Max network, selling Wi-Max phones at premium prices borders on consumer fraud.