I have used RAZR, PPC phone, and other "state of art" phones. I think this SE W580i is the best phone I've had. Of course, this is from my personal preference. I don't like big and heavy phone with short battery life time - like PPC phone. I don't and won't ever like text messaging or watching video over phone screen. But I like small and long-lasting device with multiple (and useful) functionalities. Following are what I found with the phone so far0. This phone is light and small enough for me to do running exercise with. Its size and weight do not bother my running at all. Handfree headset fits well in my ears so while running, any ear piece does not fall off from my ear.1. Memory Stick Micro (M3) slot with 4GB capacity to store any type of data. With 4GB memory stick micro (about $64 from Amazon) and bluetooth connectivity, the phone can act as wireless multimedia device with 4GB hard drive.2. 2M camera that is far from perfect but much much better and tolerable than 1M camera from usual phone. picture quality of 1M camera was too terrible to use it for any purpose. But 2M camera actually provides enjoyable and sharable(?) quality of the picture.3. Media player is very good. It automatically identifies album title, singer, and other info from MP3 and WMA - Yes it can also play Microsoft wma file. This means you don't have to subscribe anything or download/buy any software to convert your existing music files. You just connect phone to PC with USB adapter or bluetooth, and copy the files into the phone. That simple. About ringtones, as one of reviewer said, you have to make music file size less than 600K to use it as ringtone.4. handfree headset includes 3.5mm (mini plug) adapter. With the adapter, you can connect your W580i not only to any PC speakers but also to car audio system if your car has 3.5mm Aux Audio port. Luckily, my car has the Aux Audio port. I don't even use CD changer in the car any more. When I connect my w580i to the Aux Audio port, I can listen to thousands of songs in the small device.5. Battery life is surprisingly long. Talking life time is about 9 hours as advertised. As I frequently use bluetooth connectivity for various purposes, I always keep bluetooth on in the device. But unlike other phones, the bluetooth connectivity does not eat up battery life that much. In my case, full charge once a couple of days would be enough with bluetooth on.6. Internet browser has been much improved. It is still not Safari on iphone. It can only read WAP web sites, not normal web sites PC can display. But it has nice zoom capability and tolerable speed. Don't forget to subscribe a AT&T; Media.Net program - cheapest one is $10/Month. Otherwise pay-per-connection may cost you hundreds dollars after you download several files.7. Email software is automatically checking email arrivals and let you know.8. Voice Recorder is good enough to record a call session or a lecture.9. Yes, keys are not big but once you are used to them, it does not really matter.10. I love screen of this phone. It's bright and sharp. Still I don't like to watch TV on it but I love to see pictures taken with the phone on the screen.Briefly, this is poor man's iphone.  With 2 year contract with AT&T;, you can buy this phone from Amazon for 1 cent. The price and many functionalities I mentioned might be the reasons this phone is #1 bestseller in Amazon these days.