The LG Venice is a good phone limited by the slow Boost Mobile 3G network because it is NOT a 4G LTE phone and it can not connect to the high speed Boost 4G LTE network.  As of May 2014, the Venice has been replaced in the Boost lineup by the MUCH better Motorola Moto G, which is a 3G phone with a sharper screen, faster processor, and the newest Android software.If your neighborhood is served by the Boost 4G LTE network, do NOT buy the 3G Venice, instead buy a Boost 4G LTE phone that has ten times faster data speeds.  If your neighborhood does not have 4G, buy the much newer, much better 3G Moto G, which is the best 3G phone in the Boost lineup.The Venice runs all my favorite apps, such as Pandora Radio (using 3g) and Netflix (using wi-fi). The Venice has a single core processor, so it is NOT the best phone for demanding 3D action games.The front speaker is adequate when you are making a phone call in a quiet room, but can be shrill at maximum volume. The rear speaker sounds good at moderate volume levels, but becomes harsh when turned up to a loud volume.Music sounds great through high quality headphones or when streaming to a good bluetooth speaker.The rear camera takes good (not great) photos and adequate quality videos in bright sunlight. On cloudy days and indoors photos sometimes have muddy colors, with poor contrast and will lack sharpness. Locking the camera at ISO 100 outdoors and at ISO 200 indoors improves photo quality.Battery life can be great. You can get up to 24 hours per charge when you are using the LG power control bar on the drop down notification screen to turn OFF 3g, wifi, bluetooth, and GPS until they are actually needed. I turn on wifi a few times a day to download Gmail and check the news and weather, then I turn wifi back off.The pull-down power bar lets you "click" the screen brightness to 100% for outdoors and back to 50% level indoors, which greatly increases battery life. If you are watching Netflix at night, a brightness setting of just 20% work well and extends battery life.Using GPS navigation with 3G will drain your battery in about three hours. Connect the Venice to a high quality car charger (such as the Motorola fast charger) if you use GPS for more than an hour or two a day.Cases and Batteries: The LG Venice uses the same cases and batteries as do its siblings, the LG L7, and LG Splendor.Best Cases: Search Amazon for "Black Perforated Hybrid Case" for the LG Venice and LG L7.For MAXIMUM drop protection, which requires a thick, bulky, heavy case, search for "Ballistic SG LG L7" case or "Ballistic SG LG Splendor case.BOOST MOBILE COVERAGE MAP: Before you buy any Boost Mobile phone, carefully study the coverage map at the Boost Mobile website. The map enables you to zoom in for a block by block view of signal strength, to see the quality of the Boost signal on the block where you live and work. There is ZERO Boost coverage in some states, and ZERO Boost coverage in most rural area. Check the coverage map carefully before you buy any Boost Mobile phone.