I bought this phone to replace an ancient Nokia phone (probably was purchased in 2002).  I wanted a smallish phone with wifi connectivity and wanted to use it with my t-mobile sim.  I have had this phone for a couple of weeks.  It works great, call quality is better than my old phone, the web browsing works fine for lots of basic things.  I like it a lot.  Some problems with the phone:1.  Sometimes you tap once to do something, other times you need to tap twice.  I can't quite figure out the logic behind this, so I never really know.  Most of the time one tap is enough.  If it does not respond I tap again.  Sometimes you dont know if it really needs two taps or if the first tap was just not recognized by the phone.2.  This phone is not really mac compatible.  I was able to get my music onto it but it was much more labor intensive than syncing my iPod.Of these two, lack of mac compatibility is the most frustrating. I would love to plug my phone into my mac at night and have it sync everything up and charge the phone for me, ready for the next day.  Too bad.UPDATE 5/27/10Just wanted to update my review since I have gotten more used to using the phone.  I have become more acclimated to the phone and it's features and have basically gotten over the learning curve. I still really like the phone.  It really does everything I need.  I was not able to get the email function to work, but use the mobile yahoo mail via the web on the phone which works well, and have configured my work email to shoot a copy of everything to the yahoo account to easily navigate from wherever on my mobile.  Some issues:The phone froze on me once when I tried to end a call by sliding the key lock button instead of hitting the end call icon on the screen.The contacts view from the home screen disappears.  If I turn the phone off and on again it comes back, but a day or so later it will disappear again.  I dont make a lot of calls so this is not much of an issue.Transferring music is still a pain.  I ended up buying an extra charger to keep at work because the phone will kill its battery fairly quickly with regular use.I highly recommend this phone, and just ordered one for a relative.UPDATE 2, 9/1/10This phone got me totally hooked on owning a smartphone, but I kept running into walls.  I was never able to get the email app to work on  my phone, so I needed to check the yahoo mobile site to see if I had mail.  Push email is much better.  I was using the phone with a T-Mobile prepaid account, and they did not offer prepaid data, so I could only use several features if I was in a wifi hotspot.  Many of these are locked down and require you to register to use, which is a pain if you just want to check a movie time or your email.  I finally decided to get a 3g smartphone with a data plan to replace this device. I am a bit sad about that.  I was somewhat disappointed with the software on the 5530, the web browser would mysteriously crash for no reason, the phone would freeze up from time to time when completing a routine task, like ending a call.  I looked into all my options and ended up buying an iPhone 4 with an AT&T; plan.  I miss the calendar and to-do displays on the 5530.  They displayed right on the home screen where it was easy to keep track of my appointments, meetings, reminders, etc.