This is a minimum viable smartphone toy --- for 2009.Things I love:1. Contact integration and auto-updating. If any of my LinkedIn or Facebook contacts changes their information, this phone's address book will be updated automatically.  If I edit a contact on the phone or in my GMail address book, the change appears in the other place and vice versa.  Same with my appointments, synchronized with Google Calendar.2. Not having to buy a data plan. Over the past year, I've bought this phone twice and used the Page Plus Cellular $80 refills to get $0.04 minute and SMS rates with the Verizon network, and all in, it has been $400 (including equipment, activation, and airtime). If the equipment holds up, I'm looking at about $300 next year.  I don't use mobile data or roaming.3. Battery life without a data plan is excellent. I have the Wi-Fi (Wi-Fi Prefs -> menu -> Sleep Settings) turn off when the phone is sleeping (locked), and I can go almost a week without charging if I'm not reading too much e-mail on the device.4. Case can survive minor splashes.5. I can listen to streaming NPR.Things I find frustrating:Slow performance opening e-mail: it takes 7-10 seconds to open the list of messages, and 3-5 seconds more to display the body of very simple messages.  When checking e-mail, it downloads all headers and then all bodies, consuming more data (and time) than an Android GMail app, which only downloads bodies on an as-needed or background basis.  If you try to delete e-mail while messages are coming in, you can sometimes delete the wrong message.  If you delete a message whose headers but not body have been received, the message will appear again after the body is received.Slow graphics transitions: when I answer the phone, it takes at least 3 seconds before I can see the buttons to put the call on speakerphone or mute.  Sometimes, it's not clear that the speakerphone button has registered my tap, and I tap again. Contrast almost every Blackberry, with a dedicated key, allowing the switch to occur in a fraction of a second.Camera is extremely slow.  It can take as much as 10 seconds to open and show a gray image before the app is ready to let you take a picture.Web browser runs out of memory on moderately complex pages.Minor user interface problems: in typing a text message, the "send" button is at the end of the line. This makes it difficult to reposition the cursor there if you jump back to edit something and then want to resume at the end, because you could accidentally hit the send button.  (On the iPhone, the send button is away from the text. That couldn't be covered by a patent, could it?)When you set an alarm for a given time, if your phone has locked when the alarm rings, you need to unlock the phone in order to dismiss the alarm notification --- which can take a while if you have a security code.  Once you have snoozed an alarm, there is no way to cancel that.Palm profile backup/restore needs cellular data and does not work over Wi-Fi.When mobile data is enabled, the phone is particularly data-hungry: 300 MB in one night, for no apparent reason.Why I bought a second phone (both from UnlockedCellPhoneKings): the screen cracked once when I dropped the first. And then, I found the keyboard was completely useless! I couldn't even connect a USB cable to copy any photos I had taken and then scrub the phone, because you need to confirm that you want to use the phone in USB mode via an on-screen button!  The manual provides the following key-combination to reset and erase the phone, though: power-opt-sym.All in all, this phone let me try out a prepaid wireless plan.  I like the plan, and at some point, I will come to my senses and try to activate a mainstream phone with my prepaid plan.Update (mid 2013): I am much happier with a Samsung Fascinate. The biggest drawback is the lack of a physical keyboard. A Droid 3 I tried had a very flaky keyboard.