This isn't a smartphone, but it is pretty simple to use once you take the time to figure it out.We bought it for one of our teenagers who doesn't have the kind of social life that requires a big cell plan.  We decided to get the S390G because of the 3 G capabilites.  Our family cell phone plan doesn't include 3G, but we don't have need of it most of the time anyway.  We all have smartphones, but our carrier allows purchase without dataplan so we just use wifi.  Anyway, that's why we decided on this Tracphone.  When we go on trips, this phone should allow us to do any browsing for information we may require.  It's pretty simple to get wifi running.  He loves the ability to watch youtube videos, and look up things using the wifi.  Also, if you download youtube videos to the mini sd card you can actually watch them on the phone (mp4).  To view them, he had to go to camera, and view, play and then it will say too large; but then hit the arrow play button and an 8 min video will play.  Ones that are more like 6 min do work without the error, but I have been able to load a few 1/2 hour sitcoms on that are on Youtube in part 1 2 and 3 segments onto his sd card for him to watch on the phone when there isn't wifi (with the error it just takes one more push of a button).You can download the OperaMini App into the Games & Apps to browse the web instead of using the built in browser (which is kind of clunky).  The Opera browser is much better.  So I'm sure there's a few other apps that would work also, but I believe they are all online java apps so they won't really work without the browser so unless I'm wrong about that we won't really use many apps with this phone.  And he doesn't have a use for FB or Twitter etc.  I'll have to do some more playing with more apps to see what can and can't be done.The phone does have a calendar, notes, calculator, and alarm.  But there's really not a way to sync the calendar with your computer as far as I can figure out.  I would imagine there's a google calendar app that may work on it's own with wifi connection...?My only complaints are:The browser connection is on the front screen, so you do have to be careful not to connect to the browser if you haven't connected to wifi yet.It would be real nice if the keyboard was a slide-out so that the actual screen size would be larger.Have to add contacts manually.For this price (less than $8.00 a month on the year plan on a triple minute deal), the benefits, and functionality are great.10/3/13 Have to add that Tracfone Customer service is wonderful.  Our son lost the phone, and we purchased another since they are under $20 to replace.  They moved the minutes, the plan time 1year, and the phone number to the new phone without hesitation. Not only once, but twice!  We activated in Jan 2013, and now have one year of service til June 2014 because of the lost time of not being able to use the phone because we spent 3 months looking the last time he lost one.