Hi people,Im Carlos from Dominican Republic. I used to be a fan of Windows Mobile a few years ago and then about 2 years ago turned Android.While must of the companies are developing or focus on great phones with fast processors, bigger and vivid screens, which one will integrate NCF?, fingerprint reader, getting app update twice a month or a lot of customROMS to flash like a maniac looking for the best performance... Me, ...tired of that life style, prepare myself for something new.I had a really bad and annoying experience with a Nokia 5800 :S It looks so FAT, screen sucks and feel so plastic! Besides that, the Symbian it uses fed me up. The menu or process for doing anything is maddening. It ask for everything. Makes me feel stupid.I did a very detailed research of this device before I placed my order. I read every single review on amazon and from other websites. At first, I was REALLY scare of the Sleep Of Dead [SOD] that happens on some units but I assume de risk and hope not to use the "return" option.Here are my POSSITIVE impressions of the Nokia N8:+ Penta Band 3G: Wherever I go, USA, Europe, Caribbean I'll have 3G access! That's cool.+ AMOLED screen: Looks great and it's nice to know that it has gorilla scratch resistant. Of course iF4 and must of Android devices has better graphics.+ Housing/Design: Perfect! The aluminium finish, nice material and the silver color makes a great balance.+ Camera/Xenon Flash: Much better than all Windows Mobile, Android that I've used. I cant compare to iphone4 since I haven't use it.+ FM Radio wRDS and Transmitter: Nowadays it's not common to listen FM stations but I've found the FM Transmitter very useful! The only issue is that must be really close to the radio in order to work better.+ Signal: Great. I've experience this talking volume in Blackberry devices. The sound is adequate.+ Battery: Great so far :D Gives more than a day. With Android devices battery last 6-12hrs...+ USB On the Go: Havent test it but It's really cool to know It's on your device!+ HDMI: Havent test it but It's really cool to know It's on your device!NEGATIVE Impressions from other REVIEWS and my fixes:- Virtual Keyboard: Yes, it's bad at first. Need some time to get used to it but It's good using Spanish language. We'll have an update soon, so, we hope Nokia do something with this! There is also another keyboard called "DAYHAND" just google it... It seems that is not available any more.- Browser: IT REALLY SUCKS!!! Try Opera and use Opera Link to have your Favorite websites linked.- No OFFICE Documents Edit: Yes, This was fixed with an update... Anyways I don't use it.- Video Recording has no light: So? Some other devices don't have it either... Im so satisfied with the Xenon that I don't really care of LED.- Battery is not User friendly replaceable: So?!?!?! With Symbian there is no need of flash-a-holic and do some crazy app installations. Just press the power button for a few seconds and I'll restart.- Poor Application Store: It's right, it's not the best. But must of the application I use are available. Too bad Developers are not motivated :(- GPS: I can't use OVI MAPS in my country. Looking for google maps for Symbian...EXPECTATIONS1) Announcement of the next update with fixes of all software issued including new keyboard!.2) Hope my N8 dont DIE!!! I wouldnt like to start a return-waiting process.Well, That's all folks. Sorry for my extended review.Oh! Last thing: Don't forget to buy the otterbox to protect this little toy :D