I don't have any complaints about the call clarity or functionality.  Most of my complaints are actually the way it is programmed.  In order of how often it drives me crazy:* Call me old fashioned, but I like to capitalize things that should be capitalized while texting.  This phone makes that an arduous task.  There isn't a "shift" key, but a key that changes between three modes, ABC, Abc and abc.  So if you want to use "I" in a sentence, you have to change mode to all caps and then back out.  The same thing goes for the first letter in someone's name.  And if you use a punctuation, it automatically goes back to abc mode on you.* If you get a text, it pops up with that notification.  But if you click on that notification, it clears it . . . and goes to your regular screen.  You want to see the text, you have to go over and click on texts, go down to the first one, open that up, etc, just like normal.*Also, if you are looking at the text and put it in your pocket, it will NEVER lock itself.  It locks automatically from the main screen, but if you have something open, all bets are off.  And if you put it in your pocket, it will most likely call the person who texted you.  This has happened more than once.*I like to have specific ringtones and pictures for the people who call me the most.  I bought a microSD card and loaded it up.  But if you remember something you want to add later and take the card out to add it, the phone erases everything you just set up.  So if you set up the ringtone and picture for six friends but want to add a seventh, you have to reassign the first six all over again when you pop out the card.*Speaking of which, when I assigned people in the first place, it took me days to figure out why one person wouldn't work right.  It turns out that if the name is longer than will fit on the small screen, it can't figure out who you are talking about.  Once I made a short nickname, it had no problem.*And finally, when I assigned my speed dial numbers (which took some hunting online for instructions), it assigned that key to a person, not the specific number I picked.  I wanted to call my mom's home line when I pressed the 2 button, but it calls the first number in her contact list . . .the cell phone.  The only way around that is to make a separate fake contact with only the home line listed.I'm a very low-maintenance person on my phone.  In fact, when I first got this phone I was thrilled because it was my first keyboard phone.  But at this point, it is driving me crazy.  I'm sticking with it because I am too cheap and lazy to switch phones again, but I'll probably cave at some point.  I think the reason it drives me crazy is because these all seem like such simple to fix, stupid problems.