I purchased my unlocked 8820 a little over a year ago.  The one I have is labeled for T-Mobile and since I am a T-Mobile customer that works out fine.Overall the phone is one of the best I have ever had.  It is durable enough that even dropping it has not seemed to have damaged it in the least.  I might add that I dropped it twice and it fell approximately 5 feet to the lightly carpeted floor.Even with my big fingers I find the keyboard easy enough to use with getting the wrong key too often.  The media functions work fantastic and the audio comes through with decent fidelity.  One can play a variety of video formats including the newer MP4 HD types.  Though small the screen displays the videos very nicely as well as all the other things the phone would display in the course of using it.The WiFi is easy to set up and works quite well.  There is one problem, though, associated with the WiFi functions but I'll go into that a bit later.  The general menus and various setup functions are easy to follow or figure out, if one hasn't read the manual, and the basic help screens do help remind one of how to use and setup various functions and features.The available desktop software and phone management program are easy to find to download and easy to use.Now, as to the drawbacks of this model:1. It does not have a camera so, depending upon one's desired use this could be a problem.2. It does not have 3G but it works well enough that I can send/receive texts while taking with someone as long as I am connected to my home WiFi network.  I don't know if that works without a WiFi connection as I have never tried to send/receive texts while talking except at home or when I was elsewhere that had WiFi service.3. It does not have a lot of memory for apps so one must be careful about which apps and how many are loaded.  With too many apps the memory will eventually become overwhelmed and the phone will reboot when you least expect it.  To correct this one can delete any of the themes that will not be used as well as much of the language support.  The phone has the language support for several languages including the full set of Chinese characters.  Unless one needs to operate the phone under one of those languages I recommend they be deleted.  Deleting those unused languages, unused themes and any other unused feature(s) software will free up more than enough memory so that the phone does not reboot unexpectedly due to memory errors and also makes room for the apps you may wish to run.  I had experienced several unexpected reboots due to memory errors but as soon as I removed the languages, themes and features I do not use I have not had an unexpected reboot due to running out of memory.4. That brings us to the unexpected rebooting and other causes for it to occur.  It seems that with certain WiFi networks this 8820 will sometimes reboot if it tries to make a connection and fails to do so or if the phone tries to connect to a WiFi service no longer available.  The WiFi functions are automatic by default and that is nice when one first goes to a new area and searches for a WiFi connection however, if one does not remember to go back into the WiFi functions and disable or delete a WiFi profile that is no longer in range then occasionally the phone tries to re-establish the connection.  As I mentioned, with some networks an error in the connection process can result in the 8820 rebooting.  To eliminate this all one has to do is go into the WiFi functions and set them to manual and, while in those functions, either delete or disable any WiFi network connections one is not using.NOTE: **After setting my 8820 WiFi to manual and eliminating the languages, themes and functions I never use, the unexpected reboots stopped occurring.**Bottom line is I rate this phone with 4 stars as it is a great phone but it should have had more memory and be error free when not connecting to some WiFi networks.  Now that I know what to do to prevent those pesky, unexpected reboots, I would have no problem with getting another 8820 or recommending it to others.