I have had my Motorola Flipout for a couple months now so I feel good about what I think is good, and I think is bad about it.THE GOOD:To start off, this thing is SMALL. This is the smallest smartphone I have ever bought, and this is a great advantage for the device. Unlike other phones where the keyboard is always visible, it is actually hidden under the screen and easily "flips" out to make the phone full sized. Because of the hideaway keyboard, the phone easily fits into any of my Jeans and pants' pockets, and I have even sat on this thing several times and it just shifts slightly over to the side or whatever. Very cool.Even though this is a small phone, do not be fooled, this is still android we are talking about here, and you get all the advantages that it brings with it, such as apps, music, a great interface, and seamless wifi & 3g internet browsing.THE AVERAGE:Call quality is ok, nothing spectacular, but it gets the job done. Sometimes you get a bit of muffled sound.Battery life is just ok as well. You can get an entire days use, but after that, it's charge or die. I recommend putting the screen brightness on the lowest all the time as well. Contrary to some reviews, the screen resolution is not a problem. Yes, it isn't HD, but it doesn't need to be. You can see what you want to see, and youtube videos look nice when you need them. Playing games is also possible, but a bit more challenging, considering how small the screen is. On the other hand, it is a cool novelty to see angry birds and temple run play out on this small thing, although I wouldn't recommend it to anybody looking to seriously game for hours on end with precision. The phones processing power isn't very good, but you can't tell all that often. Only a couple times has the phone stuttered on me, and that was when I had a lot of stuff going on in the background. One last thing that I forgot to mention is that this thing has an FM radio in it! This is very handy for me as I do not have a data plan, so I can listen to the radio whenever regardless.THE UGLY:Motoblur is a piece of crap. It's not that I am some nut who is paranoid about giving them my facebook info (which you totally do not have to do), but I associate the Motoblur OS with glitchiness. When I played around with a friend's Droid 2, it would constantly act like the thing had a mind of it's own by turning on music, starting the internet browser, and generally doing things without telling you. With the Flipout, this problem is generally gone, except that sometimes when you "flip" the phone out, it actually completely shuts off. It is rare, but it does it enough to be a really, really annoying problem, expecially when you flip your phone out to take a call. One last issue I have is that since this is a ridiculously old version of android, you cant put apps on an microSD card, meaning you are left with only about 100 MB of onboard space to put and run apps off of. Any SD card you put into this card would mainly be for music, photos, and videos.SUMMATION:Overall, this is a phone designed for portability. Personally, I use it all the time when I am on my University's campus to check the internet, my email, social network sites, and more. When I run, I plug my earbuds in and tuck it in my pack. I have a 16 gig sd card, so I never run out of stuff to listen to. This is also a phone that the AT&T; network doesn't recognize as a smartphone, so you can turn data for your line off if you want to, and use solely WiFi for your internet needs, since WiFi is pretty much everywhere.Yes, this phone has flaws. The only ones I would really concern myself with though is the whole shutting off thing, and the 100 mb limit thing, but the shutting off issue only happens enough to be occasionally annoying, and the limit doesn't hurt all that much, as I have all the important apps I want. Despite these flaws, the phone is just fantastic.NOTE: a comment that has since been left by another user says that AT&T; recognizes these as smart phones.