If you read up on this phone as I did, Virgin Mobile squarely took aim at first time smart phone buyers. I have had a Blackberry in the past but since that owned just a dumb phone, but that being said I wasn't about to spend a fortune on a phone full of features I wasn't sure I needed or wanted. Then this phone caught my eye and for the price I was ready to gamble since it was only 10 dollars more than the last phone I bought. I have to say I was skeptical since it was so cheap and looking at it on the VM sight it did sort of look cheap, but it was packed with features so I ordered it. So far I have to say that this phone is all it's cracked up to be, it's fast, thin, easy to use for first time Android users,and I have to say that although I have never heard of PCD I would recommend this phone no problem.The phone works with all the Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk plans so for as little as 35 a month you get to use all this phones features. Parents why let your kids have all the fun?? I will update this after I have had it longer than I have which has been about two weeks, so far so good. Oh and bye the way it's actually better quality than it appears to be in the pictures, I have seen some complaints about the battery life but I don't see any problems with it's life, really it's all in how you use it just like any other electronic device.Only reason for the 4 stars as opposed to 5 is the lack of accessories, but I'm sure they will start to come out soon. UPDATE TO THIS REVIEW !!!!!!So now that I have had the phone for a while I can update everyone to a couple of things I have come across, first this is still a good solid phone,that being said like all Android phones it will suck the life out of the battery if you use a lot of apps or if you have turned on everything this phone can do. You should download a battery saver app and install it, this will help a lot with battery life, second shut off the functions you don't use all the time, because much like a computer operating system, there are applications that will run even though you are not using them at any given moment. The touch screen seems a little quirky at times, sometimes it seems VERY sensitive while other times it seems as though you have to press things several times to bring up a function, this does not happen a lot but enough to notice. The volume for all functions seems low even when turned all the way up, especially the speaker part of the speaker phone. I swapped out the 2GB micro SD card the phone came with for a larger ( 8 GB ) version just because I like to have a huge music selection, the phone can take up to a 32 GB card which is massive.So all in all this is an awesome phone for the money, works very well, great reception, a huge variety of free apps, large storage card capacity, and very slim design, still not many accessories but some have appeared already. overall a great buy for the money.Oh I forgot one more thing, the battery meter seems to be off all the time, it tells you your almost out of a charge when in fact your not, but again this is a glitch with almost all Android devices and some other phones in general.