This is my 3rd Android phone after an ancient LG Optimus V and a more recent LG Optimus L9 (also prepaid on T-Mobile).  I really liked the higher resolution L9, but T-Mobile's data network is hit-or-miss in Toledo (and gone complete outside of town).  So I'm back to Virgin Mobile (not the fastest data, but the coverage is good, consistent, and the $35 a month plan is a good value for me), with a new Samsung Galaxy S II 4G in Toledo, OH.  Here are some of my initial observations:According to all the the little blurbs at VM, we can "browse the web at lightning fast 4G speeds"; that would be true if Sprint had their WiMax everywhere.  Too bad it's not in Toledo (nor is likely ever to be deployed, as it is obsolete technology).  The other problem with all the 4G hype is that the Touchwiz notification toggle is set up for 4G, rather than just mobile data.  Toggle on 4G in a non-WiMax market and it looks for a bit, then gives up, without toggling data.  To start/stop 3G data, you have to toggle it manually in the Mobile Network Settings menu (or install an ugly widget that doesn't match anything else on the home screen).  The L9 let me customize this toggle, the Samsung doesn't.  Big Fail.The blurbs also mentions that we'll "see every detail on the massive 4.52" touchscreen".  Sure, but the resolution is only 800x480 -- great if your eyesight isn't very good.  Otherwise, the screen looks like a child's toy.  qHD (900x560) would have been more appropriate for the screen size (e.g., on the L9).I'm finding I don't care for the hard-to-see capacitive only buttons on the front face -- I'm used to having a physical Home button on the front face for (1) orientation, and (2) turning the screen back on quickly, say, to check the time or an incoming message (here, we're left only with the side Power button to do this).  Fail.WiFi seems a little iffy on the device.  All of our other mobile devices (phones, tablets, etc.) connect with our SOHO AP just fine in every part of our frame house.  The Galaxy S2 has trouble even seeing the AP at times when other devices are already connected & reporting a Good signal.  Fail.The Samsung overlay to Andoid is ugly (in my opinion), and there's not much to do about it.  As I noted above, the Touchwiz notification toggle is nice, but the data toggle is useless if 4G is unavailable.  Upgrading the phone to Jelly Bean helps alittle in this regard, but not enough.  Fix that, and I would bump up the rating by a star.  Fail.Oh, and Samsung doesn't include Google's Genie widget for news & weather updates.  Another Fail.Battery life is also a potential problem area on the Galaxy S2.  The standard 1800 mAh Li-Ion battery is under powered for the device.  Prepare to spend some time looking for ways to make it through the day if you use lots of WiFi & data.So, why did I get this phone?  Mostly due to its size (fits in a shirt pocket, the L9 fit better, though) & feature set (CPU, RAM, OS, etc.) compared to VM's other Android device offerings.  When VM offers a decent 4G LTE device (Sprint's 4G technology going forward), I'll probably give that a try.  In the meantime, I'll make due with the Galaxy S2 4G (NOT!).