I just got back into the smart phone world and things have changed while I was gone.I did a lot of reading on phones and carriers and making a decision was a hard one.In the end, the phone I wanted was the HTC Evo V. It was the perfect phone for what I want (note: want, not need) but it carried a $300 price tag.Another phone I considered is the LG Optimus Elite. That is a perfect phone for what I need and only carried a $120 price tag.Comparing them, and also looking at this phone, I get a good compromise at a compromised price.Also factoring in is the fact that I was buying multiple phones for my family and I ended up buying the LG Optimus Elite as well (so you can check that review too). The last factor was a sale where this phone was $150 instead of the standard $200.So what do I think of this phone?It is really nice. I am extremely happy with it.The screen is excellent. Seriously excellent. Bright and deep colors, and a clean resolution that makes using it so much better.One reason I opted for this phone is Ice Cream Sandwich. Is this version of the OS so much better than previous ones? No. But it does have some really nice features such as being able to combine items into folders.The phone is quick and responsive, and I never seem to have any issues or lag with it.Battery life seems mediocre. Not bad, not good. What I would expect from any smart phone. I make sure to use a task manager app to kill anything I am not using to extend the power.I seem to be able to get a day's use on a charge with no heavy usage.There are two physical features of the phone I really was leery of before buying.One is the obvious slant at the bottom of the phone. Style wise I didn't really like it but was more concerned with how it will fit in my pocket etc...In reality, the slant doesn't bother me one bit. Sure, I wouldn't have designed it that way myself, but it doesn't get in the way or annoy me.The other thing is that the screen of this phone is slightly raised from the body.I really didn't like that at all and thought it would collect a lot of lint and dust on the edges. This also doesn't really bother me. My case covers the left and right sides so it isn't an issue, and the top doesn't collect anything at all. The bottom does a bit, just because of the slant of the phone, but it isn't bad and in using the phone I don't even notice the screen is raised. So my two biggest hesitations are not really issues at all.End result: This is an excellent mid-range phone these days. It has nice, strong specs, but nothing so super that it blows other phones away. For a mid range price this is a great phone.