The 3 1/2" screen (size of I Phone) was to small, the G3 was to large and the S3-MINI, well a perfect size to read, write and keep in a pants or shirt pocket. Speed is fast in 3G, just DO NOT load your phone up with every app you find or you can experience some major slowing. This is not a 3g Mini issue, this applies to any smart phone on the market.As the title states, this phone WILL work on 3G in South America using MOVISTAR, TIGO or CLARO. I travel there quite a bit and tested this phone on my last trip using each of the three companies Sim chips. The 3G data was transmitted on the 850 band width. Just make sure your phone is the "L" model. I have found the 3G speeds to be fine for GPS directions and turn by turn mapping while driving. No phone freezing or lag time.In the U.S, this phone will work in 3G on AT&T;, either a contract or " Go Phone". IT WILL NOT WORK WITH T-MOBILE in 3G data. It will work with T-Mobile on their 2G bands.Battery life is good and the screen is bright and clear. Speakers are loud and clear for calls and I have had no problems with the listener being able to understand me. A car charger is a must have if you drive.This phone has the SAMSUNG-DIVE anti theft software installed so you can easily track your phone, lock it or wipe you data in the event it is lost or stolen. This service is FREE since it is a Samsung device. Go to SAMSUNGDIVE.COM to get all the technical info about how this service works.Another thing I like about this phone is NO branded locked in software that you can't remove. No branding so you don't get any carrier start up screens.We purchased three of these phones. One for my wife, one for me and a spare.SWYPE & DRAGON. This is a must have program in my opinion. SWYPE is fast for typing and DRAGON is lightning fast (and accurate) converting speech to text. Great for emails and texting. These programs work great on this phone.Have not found any negatives with this phone yet and don't expect any. For under $300.00 this is a great value, nice feature set. Samsung put just the right amount of apps on this phone that 90% of people will find themselves using. No useless junk ware.I am not a gamer, so I can't speak to gaming on this phone with regards to game speeds or screen freeze.As far as repair work, it is important to know that the major carriers in S. America DO SELL the G3 Mini (i8190L) so in the event you needed a new screen or other service work, they should have the parts and technical data available to work on your phone.Only thing to add would be to get yourself a good screen protector and a case that protects the corners in the event you should drop it.So get it and start enjoying it. I nice phone at a decent price.