My target price was free to $50.  This was the highest rated and reviewed phone and new as of 4th quarter 2012 in that price range available w/ Verizon.  I wanted something different than my old starter Thunderbolt HTC, didn't want to pay for a new iphone, didn't want to go with an older Samsung.  I liked the way the Windows phone looked, and I'm always into the underdog as a rule anyway.I had issues getting the sim card to sync, but that had a lot to do with Verizon not flipping the switch from old to new, and I forgot to pull the battery out of my old phone to make sure it was off so it's recognized properly.Phone is a beauty, it's like going from SD to HD with a TV, just looks gorgeous.  I was able to move my contacts easily with a transfer app, free.  I already dl Pandora and am playing music on this bad boy.  Thunderbolt had low sound, this is much better.  I love Windows 8 so far easy to pull up everything you need on that front page, THIS IS HUGE TO ME, easy breezy lemon peezy.I really think this phone is more cutting edge than iphones, samsungs, htc's  except for the brand spanking new ones, windows phones just are the unknown for most folks.  Give this one a shot.  I love it, huge upgrade for me.CNET:The good: Nokia's Lumia 928 introduces a slimmer body and straight, grippable sides. Low light camera performance is top-notch.The bad: Verizon's typically blazing speeds stumbled on the Lumia 928, and call quality sounded harsher than Nokia's usual standard. Those looking for Nokia's bright statement hues won't find them here. (I don't find faults with either of these issues the reviewer had, and either did any of the reviews I read)The bottom line: Windows Phone fans on Verizon should buy the $100 Nokia Lumia 928 (I paid $49.99 on Amazon family plan) for its strong feature set, but watch out for slower-than-usual data speeds.CNET Users:  4.5/5 based on 8 reviews***Update:  I'm not a normal user, because I get free use of the phone on my family plan so I'm limited in data usage.  So a few notes.  This is the prettiest phone I've ever had, slick as heck, beuatiful screens, great having all your apps on the front page with all the customization you want, nice easy to use camera.  However, this phone is super sensitive to water. I'm talking drops when I clean the screen with a cleaner, or a light overspray from the sink, the phone can flip out.  You can't take the battery out to reset it.  I couldn;t even figure out how to manually shut it off, cuz you normally shut it off slide screen and when that was frozen I panicked.  You hold power and volume down to pass the slide screen when stuck.  I thought my phone was dead over the weekend, touch screen didn't work, I couldn't turn it off because of that.I  t finally shut off from the battery dying and restarted good as new. So a very very light spray on a microfiber cloth is my next move to clean it.  Other issue is apps, like instagram isn't compatable yet, there aren't normal iphone and android apps available always, very anoying.  Otherwise it's a brilliant phone.  It depends what kind of user you are.