I bought this in December for about $90. A friend got it on an Amazon lightning sale for $70. Radio Shack has knocked it down to $50 at points. This is a very good choice if you want an entry-level smartphone with a decent set of features and mostly acceptable performance. If you have more money to spend, in the $100-200 range, you might check out the HTC Evo instead (right now Virgin has it for $150). Above that, try looking at the Samsung Galaxy SII (which I've seen for as little as $225 on Boost). These pricier phones will give you better performance and bigger screens with HD resolution.But if you're dipping your toe in the smartphone water, this is a fine choice. Some additional observations:1. This comes with Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich. The current version is 4.1/4.2 Jelly Bean, but HTC will probably not upgrade the OS on this phone due to RAM restrictions. And 5.0 Key Lime Pie will be out in the spring. These new systems are not absolute musts, but I do clearly prefer JB on my Nexus 7.2. This phone has a smaller 3.7-3.8 inch screen. I prefer that and have tablets if I really need a big screen experience. You might not like this, though.3. The phone does not support NFC, so you can't use your e-wallet. It's still a bit early to worry about this, but NFC will probably catch on by next summer. So you need to think through just how carefully you want to prepare now. CVS is already installing the equipment to accept e-wallet payments from phones with this capability. But don't worry. Debit cards won't be obsolete for a little while.4. The phone does not support mobile hotspot operation, which is nice if you are carrying tablets.5. The screen is OK for video although I really think you should consider a bigger phone or a tablet if this is a priority. Angry Birds looks fine on it, though. YouTube works pretty well off a wifi connection but stutters on a 3G link.6. Network performance for Virgin on this phone has been adequate for me but nothing special. I can make calls, read email, get CVS and UPS text alerts, and check the news and weather. That's been fine for now. But the 3G networking is clearly not up to zipping along. If you're in a locale with a lot of public wifi hotspots (e.g., Long Island), you might be able to hop from one to the other. In less metropolitan locales, keep your fingers crossed.7. If you get this phone, invest a little time and money and energy using Google Play to download widgets and active screensavers. Use these to customize your screens to suit yourself. Unlike iOS (which I also use), Android 4+ offers customization opportunities that Apple can't match. In skilled hands, this phone has the potential to make your iPhone friends envious. By the way, while there are ways to purchase through the Amazon Android store on this phone, I've found that it isn't worth the bother. I don't really save anything, and going through the Amazon market makes transferability between my Android devices more problematic.I intend to keep this phone for a year. When the fall 2013 sales heat up, I will replace it with something covering the deficits I mentioned above.PS: If you get this phone, you're also going to need a micro SDHC memory chip. I recommend at least 16 GB. 32 Gb is also OK, and you can always swap it to another phone later. Make sure you get a MICRO chip. Otherwise it won't fit. And get a Class 10 chip, not Class 4 or 6. The performance is better and the additional cost is mnimal.