This is a slim flip style phone that you get the basic description up above. I will concentrate reviewing what may help you decide if it's right for you.First go to the Tracfone website to do several things. You will input your zip code to see what phones are available in your area (on the buy phone tab). After confirming your city, carefully check the web address page that will appear in your browser. Somewhere in the string of characters there will be either a GSM5AT (ATT and Tmobile), GSM5 (Tmobile), or GSM4 (ATT). Those are the two providers that Tracfone currently uses. This code will tell you who is in your area. If you are lucky to be in a dual provider area, select your W260g (or actually any other) carefully by looking at the white label on the bottom of the box (if shopping in a store). The phones (and sim cards) are specific to only one provider. The top line of the white label will have a string that will contain either TFMTW260SP5PSDM (Tmobile) or TFMTW260SP4SDM (ATT). Pick a phone for a provider that you have better coverage with in the area that you will be using the phone most often. You cannot swap a P4 sim into a P5 phone and vice versa. They are sold married to each other only.Second, select this phone in a "Bonus Pack" package only. It is only a couple of bucks more and includes car and home charger, a case, earphone and most important "Free Double Minutes For Life" (FDML). That is what the last two digits in the code above stand for. This means when you buy a 60 minute card, you will get 120 minutes, etc.Third, always Google "bonus codes" and Tracfone when buying air time for current offers that will add even more minutes to your card/phone. I typically buy a 60 minute card, get double minutes up to 120, then get 60 additional bonus code minutes. So a 60 minute card can get you 180 minutes.Fourth, activate on line on Tracfone website. You will get 10 minutes free.Fifth, when you first get assigned a new phone number, be aware that someone may have had it before you. They may have had a "history", such as bad credit. If you don't want to load up your voice mail with unwanted messages, do not set up the voice mail for a couple of weeks, or have Tracfone "unset it" up for you. You can also set the unwanted caller numbers up as "ignore a, b, c, d etc" in the directory. You then hit "ignore" soft button (the one on the right of select circle)when they call, and not lose any minutes.Now the rest of the review. The phone looks nice and modern with a sleek shiny black surface. Feels good in the hand. The charging and earphone openings have plastic covers that swing out of the way when needed. Unfortunately when you unplug the charger you tend to grab the both the plug and the cover, and the plug feels like it does not want to come out, or worse it does come out with the plastic cover.The battery life seems optimistic at 6.5 hours talk time and 18 days standby. While futzing with the phone and all its features (not on the air, but with screen on all the time) I managed to run down the battery in about 3 hours. Not using the phone much at all I had to recharge it in 4 days. That is still good for a GSM phone.Keypad is just OK, the circular pad is a bit small and I wind up occasionally hitting one of the arrows rather than the center circle.The screen quality is good. You can only set the contrast, not the brightness. The various W260s I saw, had a good degree of variation between them some bright with a bluish tinge, some dimmer and yellowish. Both are very acceptable.The reception and voice quality are good to very good (not excellent). I had both the Tmobile and ATT versions, and in my case the ATT had much better signal strength.The supplied earphone (bonus pack) is single ear, pretty good quality, the clip on holster is very good, and both home and car chargers fully recharge the batteries in about three hours (updated information).PS Tracfone customer support has been excellent. They answer on the first ring, sometimes are a bit difficult to understand, but get the job done.