I bought this phone after reading rave reviews and have definitely learned my lesson to ignore most reviews as they must be from the manufacturer/paid reviewers. I am not either of those and it is possible that my specific phone is a dud and others work well but I have met one other LG'er and she also said the phone is the worst. That said, let me start by explaining what is wrong with this phone; it gets no reception anywhere. I basically can not make phone calls. I live in Chicago and service is not the issue, I also have the same service as a lot of people I know and it works for them with different phones perfectly well. This phone drops calls every time I am on it. I also have had several occasions of "I tried calling you all last night, why didn't you answer?" and my phone never rang or registered a missed call. At this point I have stopped using the phone for phone calls. Awesome. Next on the list is text messages; when I go into my text messages it takes a good 30 to 60 seconds to bring them up. I have deleted them all and it still works the same way. I don't have a crazy amount of contacts in my phone maybe around 70 so that's not the issue either. If I get a text and go to look at it I better be patient because it can take a minute sometimes more and maybe if it's real crabby it will restart itself. Responding to them is not bad, that part actually works. Next up is the internet; I was excited for this phone as it was my first real smart phone and was looking forward to streaming music and podcasts. Well look who the fool is now says my horrible LG Venice phone, it's me because this piece of junk can't do it. It stops all the time and basically does not work, alas I have stopped trying to utilize this feature. I have also added a new lock screen because I read that when the lock screen comes on the music goes off, this did fix that issue but still this phone is totally incapable of streaming anything seamlessly. This happens on 3G or lightening fast WIFI I have at work or at home. I have had many phone nerds look at this phone for viruses, extra processes running, etc. and there is no reason it should be like this. A few other little quirks of the phone; the battery lasts about 8 hours, that may be normal for a phone but it seems a little ridiculous considering I have nothing running on it, my 3G is turned off as is WIFI (turned it all off a long time ago). Sometimes in the morning when I wake up, my LG Vencie refuses too. That's right it's frozen and will not work even with a restart. At this point I have to take the battery out and restart it. Fun times! Most often when I have to restart it it will not read my SD Card so then I have reopen it, take it out and reinsert it and then it will read it.I now laugh at the countless issues of this phone and can't wait to replace it, but I just spent $150 on it a couple months ago and it just seems so wasteful. It has caused me so many many issues it's unbelievable. I missed a phone interview call even though I had it in my hand the whole time. All of sudden I see a new voice mail sitting there even though the phone never rang. I have had friends mad at me for not answering, missed important calls and texts and can't use the best functions of a smart phone. Until I can afford a decent new phone I am switching to a more reliable walkie talkie, you can find me on channel 78. I am giving it 1 star because I have to and also it has made me appreciate the simpler times before even basic cordless phones were around.