As soon as I read about this phone, I was fascinated and kept reading about it for weeks and finally decided to order it from Amazon (European version because it's not in the U.S. yet).  I don't mind that I got the European version because I like having the physical home button.  I just switched from the Galaxy SII which did not have the physical button and I like this better.  I was an iphone user since the day the iphone came out years ago and have upgraded to new iphones every year.  I liked it but definitely felt like I missed a lot of the functions I had with my pocket pc's (customization, etc.)  If you don't care about customizing or a smaller display, nothing wrong with the iphone.  Depends on what you like.  A few months ago I switched from the iphone to the Galaxy SII and loved the change.  Now a few months later, I switched again because this was the kind of phone I dreamed would be developed eventually.  (kind of like the pocket pc's but with phone usage, more storage).  Love having the S-pen (stylus) again.  It's nice to be able to switch between using fingers and pen, depending on what you are doing.I am female, only 5'2", small hands and was worried that the phone would look ridiculous.  Either I ended up not caring because really who cares what other people think!  Or what I really noticed was because I have long hair, when I talk on the phone, my hair is covering most of the phone anyway.  I don't think anyone has noticed it looks any larger.  I have definitely had friends ask me about it (when I was texting or checking emails) and thought they might wonder what in the world??  But all they have said is "That is REALLY cool!"  So don't worry about it looking silly, I realized it was a silly thing to worry or think about.So comparing it to the Galaxy SII which I had for a few months, I would say it's pretty similar but larger screen, FASTER, better batter, has the S-pen, no negatives.  I liked the Galaxy SII but LOVE this phone!  The main thing I didn't like about the Galaxy SII was the battery did not last me all day and this phone does.  I would say the battery lasts the same as the iphone, which is all day and then charge it at night.  The display (to me) looks exactly like the Galaxy SII.  I know they're a little different but I look at them side to side and the Galaxy Note does not seem any less colorful or bright than the SII, and the clarity is better on the Note.My apps that I used on the SII work just as well on the Note.  Another thing I was worried about.If you're thinking of this phone and worried about the size, I"m telling you, I am very small and absolutely ADORE the size.  I want to play with this phone ALL THE TIME!  It's a lot of fun and when I look at everyone's iphones now, they look teeny and drab.