Update 08/13/2013  Blackberry the company, is FOR SALE as very few like to buy their new Smartphone's like Z10, Q10 !!! as stated Monday Aug 13, they are looking for an easy way out and is selling....I am thinking there may not be a buyer for they should have done this quietly cause this will make their customers nervous about blackberry's future...Analyst saying Blackberry may go private but this is a very very bad sign, meaning Blackberry may want to die quietly without any press coverage while it is disposing all its valuable asset..Yuckkkkkk.... For those who did not listened to me you might as well trade your blackberry Z10 Q10 Q5 with iphone, Samsung or nokia Smartphone's while it still has some value left on it. You don't want to have a piece of junk  months from now cause THERE WILL BE LESS AND LESS APP'S AVAILABLE FOR THIS SMARTPHONE and expect more BUG'S because app's developers might become lazy in updating their existing app's running on BB10 knowing that this company may go under in the future. Besides blackberry employee are for sure very demoralize as they see their future dwindling and many maybe looking for other jobs. I was thinking talented employee's of blackberry many of them maybe leaving or looking for other job. So my friends and co-consumer BE WISE and save your hard earned monies. My belief is there will only be 3 major Smartphone OS in the future and they are Apple OS, ANDROID AND WINDOWS. So if you like your investment in technology and knowledge relevant in the future just concentrate on these 3 Smartphone OS and I am pretty sure your investment will not put to waste.Tried this many times but the problem is there are very few good Apps for this blackberry new operating system, Most Apps are google apps emulated softwares design primarily for android so future updates and performance is an issue. Developers has anemic support for this new Blackberry operating system so I don't see future development of popular apps for this smartphone, I don't see any reason to spend so much money for a smartphone like BB10 if only you will use it for text messaging, voice and few apps. Some functionality are also buggy (With bugs), battery is not good enough to last if you browse a lot. Maybe be if they lower the price below $100 as compare to other smartphone with the same feature as this I may consider, I think paying more than $600 dollars for this phone is a waste of monies . Buyer beware cause this operating system may not last just like other new smartphone operating system without application developers support. Companies are starting pilot testing to convert from Blackberry to Iphone and Android smartphone so I think it is better to invest in the future and learn new technologies than stick with this new operating system that don't have support of major developers and popular tech companies like Microsoft, Netflix, facebook, google etc. Take note that if you buy this smartphone facebook, Netflix and other popular apps is not supporting and developing apps for this smartphone so you may regret spending a whooping $600 plus for smartphone like this.Buyer specially current user of blackberry should also realize that this new blackberry is totally different from the old blackberry phone they have before, this one has new operating system, functionality and features, so effort in learning how to use this is similar to learning how to use the much popular smartphone like iphone, android and even windows phone. Iphone, android and even windows are tested and with strong big hi-tech company support and application developers support, so why not spend your effort in learning popular and tested smartphone instead of spending so much money for this new blackberry smartphone that I for sure will be gone in the future. Without developers and big hi tech company support this new blackberry operating system will be gone in next couple of years.I hate it when consumers are being reap off, if you buy this phone for close to $700 including taxes what you get is a phone good for texting, browsing the internet and emails, very few popular apps are available for this phone yes they have 100,000 apps but most of the popular one are android apps, if the underlying android apps where updated user of this phone will have problem using them unless they manually upgrades. If you buy apple, android and windows phone after two years you can sell them and get some money back or you can even trade them to get new phone, this blackberry phone, theres nothing you can do with this phone after two years it maybe gone and there is not enough senior citizen to buy this phone in the future. I believe buying this phone is a bad investment in terms of money and technological knowledge.