Bought this to replace a Dell Streak 5.  Definitely a keeper with better screen and newer Android.  Strongly recommended for anyone like myself trying to consolidate a smart phone, a tablet, and a laptop into a single communication device.I had minor challenges to get this phone fully working on AT&T.;1. Out of the box, phone was set to German language, so had to find the "language" icon/button to switch language to English.  That was fun since I couldn't understand a word on the screen.  To seller's credit, I did eventually find a note at the bottom of the shipping box with instructions on how to change, but only after the phone was all set and I was putting away the boxes.2. Once the SIM card was moved from Streak to Note, the phone worked but not data.  The fix was to add "wap.cingular" to APN in the network setting.  Data portion worked immediately afterwards.3. With existing AT&T; 3G data plans, Note will show "3G".  However, upgrading your plans for 4G may enable "H+" where service is available.Many thanks to Samsung for releasing this device.  To Dell: Shame on you for dropping the Streak!------------  Update ------I have upgraded my AT&T; plan to 4G plan and the Note now displays "H+" when available.  Also, the addition of USB to HDMI converter can output to my HDTV.  So, I can now stream Amazon or Netflix onto my TV from the phone!If this continues to work reliably, I might consider cancelling both the local phone and Cable TV and just get a much higher bandwidth AT&T; plan for the phone.------------ Update 2/19/2012 ---Now that I've had both the Galaxy Note N7000 and Galaxy Note I717 (AT&T;), I actually prefer the N7000 due to following reasons:- Battery lasts about 30% longer.  I can't make a full day with I717, but N7000 has no problem surviving a day.  It's either the hardware difference and/or the AT&T; bloatware.- The large single button is more useful than having four tiny touch buttons.  However, the missing button on I717 makes it easier to apply the screen protection film.- The N7000 says H+ where I717 says 4G on the screen----------- Update 3/11/2012 ---So far so good.  Both the N7000 and I717 are performing well now.  I have figured out that the I717 for some reason uses much more battery with WIFI is turned on, especially in areas where WIFI is not available.  N7000 hasn't done this so I'm guessing that this is where the hardware difference matters.Last point for any new buyers - This phone not only looks big, but it's so big that you can no longer safely text while driving because you'll most likely need two hands - one to hold and the other to text.  I have medium-large hands and I definitely cannot do many tasks with just one hand that I could do with other smaller phones such as Captivate or iPhone.  This is due to the fact that many of the menu functions and "search" data fields are located at the top left of the screen where my thumb isn't long enough to reach the screen.For example, While in phone dial mode, my thumb isn't quite long enough to reach the "Logs" without unsafely holding the phone.  I guess this is where the voice command replaces the old habit of finger texting with voice texting.Despite the size, it's still an excellent all-in-one phone.  The though of going back to a smaller phone and the new iPad 3 has gone through my mind, but I'm sticking to the Note for now for the convenience of not having to carry a phone & a tablet.