This is not negative but I have had this phone for 3 years and have replaced it twice, once due to my own fault (I dropped it in a mop bucket full of water!) and once because a flex cable broke on the inside. I ended up fixing it myself but I also bought another used one for $30 so now I have two. Why is this positive that I have had to replace it then? This is because it is easy to fix yourself as long as you know how to use google ^_^ Both software and hardware problems are easily fixed with a little search on Google. Spare parts are cheap and can be ordered online so it is much faster and sometimes cheaper then sending it in and getting a new one.NOW,If all you're looking for is phone and music capabilities, but you want the best for these categories then look no further! This is the phone for you! However, if you are looking for a good camera, video or gaming capabilities, or internet capabilities then keep looking.This phone does everything a phone needs and has good quality, call quality is great I rarely get any static or problems with it! I text all the time and I have no problem with the numeric pad, and prefer it to a keyboard pad to be honest, when it comes to texting but that is my personal preference. YES the keypad of older models does crack after a while however newer models have changed this. Personally I like the cracking, it adds a sense of vintage to the phone. Cracked keys will not stop working because of the crack, hell you can remove the keypad entirely and still use it.The real greatness of this phone lies in its music player capability, sound quality is much better than that of iPods and the Mega-Bass feature is a MUST for bass-heads like myself. I love being able to use the numeric pad to jump to an artist quickly instead of moving my thumb in circles for half an hour to get to another letter.One of my favorite aspects of this phone (and a reason why I "downgraded" as my friends tell me) is the personalization. Because the phone uses clips instead of screws the phone is easily taken apart by even a novice. Parts are easily interchangeable so you can order different colors and mix and match! You could even paint the housing however you wanted and put it back on in a snap! This also allows you to replace the housing for cheaper than the cost of one of those cases most people put on their phones. Themes can be downloaded for free or made by YOU using software Sony provides. With a bit of Google searching you can learn to do anything to personalize it, even changing the colors of the side lights to flash through different colors when your music plays!In general, if you are looking for a great phone/music player with a wide array of personalization then go for this phone. If you want a data or video powerhouse keep looking.