I am on att and my feature phone stopped working correctly and they wouldn't let me get a replacement for free which they are supposed to. anyways i got some amazon gift cards for my birthday so i bought this phone.  The delivery was very fast( i have amazon prime) and all i had to do when it got here was open the box put my Sim card in and change the network setting from cdma to gsm. After an hour or two the interface started to bore me so I googled skins and or themes for windows mobile 6.5.3 and alot of results came up. well i tried a couple they were OK i guess. Anyways while I was searching for all things lg fathom related i came across a website that lets you download a few files and lets you run android on your phone from a micro SD card.  Ok so now that i have told you about that lets get to the review itself.This phone does so many things( with or without android running on it) and I think I will start with the battery.  The battery is OK, I get a few hours of use out of it with the WiFi turned on and a little longer with it turned off.  The screen is very good, the specs sheet says 480 by 800 and has 18 bit color (262,144 colors) but i think it looks better than that.  There is 211 MB of ram available to the user, and this has a l GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S1 QSD8650 processor which makes this phone very speedy when using multiple applications or when having alot of tabs open in the web browser. Speaking of the web this phone connects to 802.11 b g and n wireless networks and it works on CDMA in the 850/1900, GSM in 850/900/1800/1900, WCDMA 1900/2100, the high speed data technology includes 1xEV-DO rA plus HSDPA.  Were I live I get HSDPA and it sends text messages and connects call much quicker than at and ts regular 3g.  The camera on this device is ok it is 3.2 megapixels which is pretty good considering this is a phone.  This phone has bluetooth 2.1 and it also has a headphone jack so you could listen to music through either one.  The lg fathom also supports mass storage when connected to a computer, which also means it can be synced with windows media player.If you click on this link [...] you can download the files that you need to run android.By using battery saving apps and lowering your screen brightness you can be more battery efficient with android than with windows mobile.  The good thing about putting android on the fathom is that it is pre-rooted so you can instal any of the apps in the android market from the get go.  I personally like android on the lg fathom better because it lets you customize your device more, it has a much larger app store and it is faster than windows mobile 6.5.3.Also I did not make the files and are in no way associated with the maker(s) of the files. So please dont ask me for support you install the files at your own risk.