Having had several iPhones over the years I had been considering trying an Android phone and after being wowed by the features of the Samsung Galaxy S3 I figured it was high time to try one after the contract was up on my iPhone 4.  After having the phone for 8 months I'm very disappointed in it and I'll cover this with some pros and cons below.ProsBright Vibrant large display!Very lightweight and slim designGood cell, WiFi, and Bluetooth receptionExcellent feature set!ConsBattery Life is Terrible! Terrible!!  Terrible!!!Using my S3 phone about the same amount of time for apps (less probably because many of the apps I had on my iPhone were not available for Android plus I got a tablet which I used a lot for casual surfing as I used to on my iPhone), phone calls, etc. as I did my iPhone I could charge my iPhone every 2 days;  with the Samsung S3 it's AT LEAST once a day if not twice.  Yes, I tried all the tips for saving battery life but I did not have to do that on my iPhones and I bought the Samsung for some of those fancy features that I'd have to turn off.Case is cheap plasticI was warned by friends of this and I did not listen.  Subjecting the phone to the same wear and tear as my iPhones (less in fact as one dark day I had dropped my iPhone 4 onto a cement floor from about a height of four feet;  not a scratch on it even though it landed face down!) after four months I was seeing cracks in the case of the S3 by the volume rocker.  As time progresses they are getting bigger and it's only a matter of time until they break all the way through and small pieces of the case come off!Poor Quality GlassTurn off the display on the iPhone 4 I had for almost 2 years and not a mark could be seen on it.  Do that on my S3 and there's a myriad of scuffs and tiny scratches.Resale ValueNone!  Based on the case and glass issues there's literally no resale value and I got top dollar for all my iPhones selling them to one of the electronics resellers online.Conclusion:  While I was blown away by the performance and feature set of this phone the cons listed above made it for me a very bad purchase decision!  Last month I finally ordered a large capacity battery which now lets me go two to three days without a recharge, but it also makes the phone twice as thick and significantly heavier.  Very disappointing experience for me with this phone.UPDATED 17-October 2013Last week the glass cracked on the screen.  It's weird because I had dropped the phone some weeks back and the screen was fine, perhaps it was a delayed reaction due to a small fracture I could not see.  I've ordered an iPhone 5s to replace the S3 and I'll soon be able to put this major disappointment of a phone behind me.Note I had conversations with Samsung online about the battery life and I was basically told to disable all the fancy features and other background processes on the phone to improve battery life.  One of the reason I bought the phone was for the features.  I shall never procure another Samsung phone.