This is really a tale of two reviews -- the Galaxy Note and the Android operating system (2.3.6). Told from the perspective of someone who has used Symbian (rooted), Windows Mobile (hacked with custom ROMs), iOS (since 3.1, and always jailbroken), but never Android. For the last two years, I have been comfortably ensconced with Apple, first on the iPhone 4, most recently on the 4S. But the small screen and, until last week (only after I ordered the Note), the lack of a jailbreak, had me coveting something larger and more customizable.Cut to the chase -- the Galaxy Note is a 5 star device. I can second the experience of most of the reviewers here and, although I have a few quibbles, it's a great phone/tablet. Android -- meh. Three stars, I think, especially compared to a jailbroken iOS 5.0.1 (which I now have -- thanks Chronic Dev Team!). Maybe I've gotten too used to the iOS ecosystem, but I just found Android horribly complicated, the Android Market difficult in terms of separating the wheat from the chaff, the Google voice recognition significantly inferior to Apple (if I had stayed with it, I would have definitely bought the keyboard that comes with Dragon), and the lack of a unified inbox in the default Gmail app frustrating as heck (yes, you can download K9 or use the built-in Samsung email app, but each has its shortcomings, like lacking a server search or having an ugly display or having no instructions (I figured it out eventually) for setting up push). I'm also not a fan of the soft menu and back buttons, which I invariably grazed and activated unintentionally. Would I have gotten comfortable eventually? Sure, and I probably didn't give it enough time before returning the Note (I recommend waiting to order until the "fulfilled by Amazon" link is offered if you think this might be a possibility for you too). But when the jailbreak for the 4S came out, I very happily reverted to that phone, small screen and all.So I offer that experience only in the spirit of possibly helping someone else contemplating the same move. Many people have switched from the iPhone to the Note happily. I just wasn't one of them. If you know and already like Android, this is a great phone. And, even if you don't know Android, your experience, obviously, may be different than mine.As for the Note itself, I will confirm what others have said: gorgeous display, great S pen, acceptably pocketable size (even in the front of tight jeans), responsive screen and scrolling, very visible outdoors, good and quick camera, fine audio and reception, and oh that screen size! Only real negative IMHO, as others have mentioned, is placement of the power button on the side. Either hard to find, or you accidentally hit volume (on the other side) when you do find it. I was not worried by the back cover -- it needs to be thin and light to keep the weight down, but I never felt I was in danger of breaking it.If you're on AT&T; (I'm in NYC), I can confirm you can simply pull your microSim card out of your iPhone, put it in a regular Sim adapter (available for a buck or two on Amazon) and use it in the Note -- and once you adjust the APN settings as outlined by other reviewers (I won't repeat here) you've also got data on top of voice. No call to AT&T; needed (although I separately confirmed that my grandfathered data plan would transfer over). One caution -- keep your network setting on "GSM + CDMA" -- even though AT&T; is only GSM -- or else you won't get 3G or HSPA data speeds. Took me a while to figure that out!Now, if only Apple would make a 4.3" screen iPhone! That would be perfect....Maybe Nokia's Lumia 900 with Windows Phone will be the answer!