I was spending too much for cell service being I am a lite user. So I set out to buy the least expensive phone available and "pay as I go."  The Motorola W175 was the cheapest phone I could find. I paid $15 for mine and got "double minutes for life." Which is really just a sales gimmick. Otherwise minutes from Tracfone are overpriced. You can buy a double minutes option from them, but that stand alone purchase is $25. I got the phone, double minutes for life, 20 mins of airtime, and 2 months of service for $15. You should get a similar "starter" deal. The Motorola W175 phone on sale here is NOT a double minutes for life phone, by the way. Just FYI.As others have said, this sort of "pre pay" deal isn't for the heavy phone user...or even the modest one. This is more for people like me who use their cell phone sparingly, and may even go days at a time without using it at all. And if you do have conversations, they are short. I mean think about it...a half hour conversation costs $3 to $5 with Tracfone. Depending how you buy your minutes. So if you have several or more of those half hour conversations a month, heck, you can get a pre payed "no contract" plan via Straight Talk with 1000 mins and 1000 text included...for $30 a month. Straight Talk is owned and run by Tracfone, btw. And Virgin has unlimited talk and text for $50. With Tracfone you get no "mobile to mobile" or "nights and weekends." You simply get what you pay for. No ups, no extras.So Tracfone (and the similar Net10) is for people who use the cell phone 5 minutes here, 10 minutes there...a couple minutes a day to talk to the kids, maybe? Or  to have a phone around "just in case." Maybe let the kids use it on sleepovers, etc. To "keep in touch" with home.So far as the phone itself...its plain, sturdy, has good build quality, and looks decent next to similarly styled Moto's. It has a loud speakerphone, a big text display, and keeps a charge well, also. The menus are simple and well laid out.  It makes calls, takes calls, sends text, receives text. Thats it. The buttons feel nice, and it looks better in person then in the pictures. It is a simple, plain phone. 4.5in high, around 1.7in wide. Nice candy bar sized phone, lightweight but not cheap feeling. Service is reliable so far, good connection, calls are clear, none have dropped. The phone seems to get a strong signal here in the L.A. area, however it does take two or three minutes to find the signal when you power on the phone from OFF. I don't know if that is a phone issue or a network issue? But its not a big deal to me.For the phone, double minutes for life, 3 months of service, and 140 mins of airtime, I paid $30 total. Thats enough for me for a month and a half...maybe two. And if I need more minutes I can get more for a little bit of cash anytime to add to the phone.  Pay as you go. It suits me fine. I was paying $50 a month before for a phone I hadn't used much in almost 3 years. So this is great for me.