I am biased.  I admit it.  This is my third Motorola phone, and it does not disappoint.  The upgrade was not without its snags, though.  My carrier is AT&T;, and even though I had an existing plan, this one did not quite match line for line with those currently available.  As a result, whoever did the paperwork (Not sure if it was Amazon or AT&T;) they dropped off my Text Messaging service.Second snag:  I accidentally locked the SIM card. When I logged into AT&T; to get the PUK code, the one provided did not work.  When I called Technical Support, both codes they provided did not work.  I had to wait until the next day to visit anAT&T; store to get a new SIM card and was without phone for awhile.It took technical support two days to figure out that ??? had dropped the messaging service from my phone.Ok, the phone.It is larger than my old phone, ATRIX 4GL, but it still fits in my back pocket.  It is lighter, and the integration with Google is tight, but not proprietary like the iPhone.Migrating the data from my OLD phone to my new one was pretty much painless for all android/playstore applications.  Now, even though you migrate these, you still have to sign in to each account/app and sync with the server to restore your saved data.- Rule one, before activating the new phone, make sure you open each app on the old phone and sync with their server (i.e. Endomondo, ShopSavvy, KeyRing, etc.).  This way, when you open the app on your new phone you can restore your data.Migrating Apps from Amazon was also easy, you have to download the Amazon Appstore to your new device.  When you open that you can select which apps to install from your Amazon Cloud.  Also, you may want to disable the old phone in your Amazon Account.The best way to do this is to hook your phone up to the USB for power options and do your upgrades while you are also on the computer.If you had Cloud or Google storage for your photos, then you can sync from the cloud, otherwise the Motorola Migrate app will transfer these to your new phone.Voice recognition on this phone is superb, much better than my previous phone.  The "keyboard" is also much better and easier to use.Email:  You have a choice of using the Email app for all your accounts, or you can use the vendor's apps (outlook.com, Yahoo Mail).  I like the vendor apps better.  Don't do both.  The GUI for the Email app is really nice though.  You swipe a message to the right to delete it.  - downside is you have to swipe each one.  - upside is that you don't have to select check boxesInstant Photos - you gotta love this!!! If you're like me and password protect your phone, you know how many shots you have missed because you had to log in first.  No more.  Shake the phone in a circular motion, and the camera activates; even though the phone is locked.Camera controls are really improved.  The new Slow Motion video feature is really nice.  Once the camera is activated, you can access controls by swiping an icon/label and selecting one or more features.  You can snap a bunch of photos without having to wait for the camera to reset.  Resolution is not top of the line, but is on line with other phones (10 megapixels).  Full HD video (1024 p).The phone comes with Assist, that (when activated) allows you to set preferences when you are driving, in a meeting or asleep. It will send a predetermined message to callers letting them know you are driving, in a meeting or asleep.That's all I can think of right now.  OK Google Now: voice recognition works pretty well. So far, it has opened or called the right people and webpages.Made in America!!! Did I mention that!!! Go USA!!!