I'm a Sprint user. Yes, the data speeds on 3g are horrid. I thought it was the network, but either this phone is good enough to overcome that, or Sprint actually has been performing upgrades as promised. Just seems so much better with this phone.  When I first saw the specs of the Galaxy S2 (Epic 4g Touch) a year ago, I had to have it. When I first got it, I fell in love with it despite so-so battery life (which was still better than the Evo 4G I was using at the time but that's not really saying much). Coming from an original HTC Evo 4G, which was a pretty good phone for a while, I was amazed at how good the E4GT was. So much faster, lighter, crisp, no lag, etc. I didn't think it would get much better than that. When the Galaxy S3 was announced and I saw the specs, I wasn't too crazy about it. I was looking for a giant quantum leap over the GS2 and this didn't seem to be it. So I figured I'd wait until around Christmas this year or early next year to see what else was out there. I was going to hold out for the possibility of the Galaxy Note 2 for Sprint, but whatever. However, the time came when an unfortunate accident necessitated the possibility of using my upgrade. Even with insurance, my GS2 would've required being sent away and fixed at a cost of $150 (don't ask). So I bit the bullet and upgraded to the GS3. All I can say is that if you're even considering getting the GS3, just do it. DO IT DO IT DO IT!!!!!! I walked out of the Sprint store with a bit of head-down uncertainty, but after a couple of days I am amazed. Even though I upgraded my GS2 to Android 4.0 a week or two bwfore, it's a completely different and better experience on the GS3. I never realized how choppy and grainy the screen of the GS2 was until I saw the glory of full HD Super AMOLED (even with PenTile which was a huge turn-off...or so I thought). I know a few people with the original Epic 4G with the PenTile display and it looked as if you were looking through wire mesh. For this phone, you REALLY have to look to tell. Just wish it was a tad brighter, but no biggie since I live indoors. SO smooth, so many new features to play with! Can't say enough about it. I love switching phones because I'm a gadgethead and love the newest and shiniest "thing", but I hate it at the same time because it takes a while to get your phone just how you want as far as settings, widgets, photos, contacs, arranging home screens, etc. You get a new phone and you have to do half of that stuff all over again.  Don't worry...it's worth the effort here. Samsung has stepped out of the box and made an incredible phone that looks, feels, and performs like nothing else out there right now and they now have a customer for life so long as they keep at the forefront of innovation! Oh, and if you're a "gadget-head" like myself, do yourself a favor and pick up some TecTiles. They're little stickers about the size of a postage stamp that you can program to enable certain functions. I just put a sticker in my car and programmed it to turn on Bluetooth whenever my phone comes in contact with it and it connects to my car automatically without touching the phone. You can stick one on your nightstand and program it to set your alarm and turn off the ringer when you touch your phone to it! How cool?!?!? And you can program and re-program them as much as you want! A little lacking in total functionality for now, but still cool to play with!