I don't know why so many reviewers here are complaining about the Nextel service, when in fact, service bars hardly vary from phone to phone. I've had my i730 from when it first came out and it was my first Nextel phone but I've switched my SIM card into other Nextel phones (a convenient feature of Motorola cells) and didn't see much of a significant difference in service. And granted, there might be a geographical difference in the overal Nextel service, but where I am in the city, I hardly have any complaints with either the call service or the Direct Connect availability.Onto the phone itself. It comes with a pretty durable looking steel cover and although I switched my faceplates almost immediately for a white cover (the plain silver was a little blah for me), I was never really too disappointed with its look and feel. The front screen is only a one-liner, but shows all the necessary information - time, service bars, date, and battery life. There are the standard Push-to-talk and volume buttons on the side and two buttons on the top of the mobile which can be used to make a call through speakerphone without flipping the phone open. It's a nice feature, though I haven't really used it too much.Perhaps what's most distinctive of the i730 out of all the other Nextel models is what they call the disco light, which is a circular light-up feature that flashes different colors according to whatever ringtone you use. It's nice to look at and would be more attention-getting, were it not for the fact that so many people have the phone, making it somewhat played out.Overall, the phone has decent battery life and I admit, I've been impressed at how sturdy it's been. I'm a pretty clumsy person and any phone I have tends to be put through some rough conditions (for instance, accidentally stomping on my phone with boots - don't ask), but the i730 has lived up to it pretty bravely. There are a few cons to it though. Depending on how heavy a talker you are, the battery life isn't so great. I have the 1000 minutes a month plan, which allows me to talk for a long enough time but my battery life usually can't survive the hours of talking I can do sometimes. Because I'm on the heavy-user side, though, I'm sure this won't be a problem for the average talker.Another downside I've found with both my phone and others who have bought the i730 is that the paint on the sides of the screen inside the phone will eventually wear and scratch away, leaving some unglamarous spots where you can see what lies underneath. It's probably a cheap paint job on the part of Nextel, but it's nothing a nice makeover can't fix. The i730 is pretty customizable because it's so heavily purchased, and you'll find a lot of places that sell and install whole new housings for you.Since Nextel has been coming out with a whole range of newer and shinier phones, I have recently decided to upgrade to the brand new i870 which just came out but the i730 has served me well. It goes for a pretty decent price now and in my opinion, it's well worth every penny.