This is the fifth Nokia phone and the fourth Nokia Smartphone that I have owned. I have favored them for almost 14 years now. I have not been on a cell phone contract for over eight years, so I just buy the phones I want (all Nokia) & change the SIM card. I have liked them for their simplicity, their many features and their ease of use. When I first opened the box for this Nokia C6-01, and after charging and some initial setup procedures, I did what I have always done. I "synched" it with my Microsoft Outlook. It's a real easy procedure. I always use the Nokia software. They have had Nokia PC Suite and now they also have Ovi. I have done this for over ten years now. It's pretty basic stuff.This time, however, from the time the sync was complete, I began to get messages: "Memory Full. Close some applications and try again." These were mostly when trying to use the Calendar, but it also happened for Contacts and for other things and at other times. I cannot tell you how many factory resets I did, and repeated this process, before I went online looking for a solution. None of it worked, and I am usually able to get to the bottom of technical problems.The Nokia C6-01 phone has an extraordinary amount of memory compared to others, so I do not know what was happening. I had not yet run or installed any other apps. Something "it" was doing must have been grabbing the memory-the sign of a nice "bug." There is a selection to see what Apps are running, but none would show up except "Menu.""Google-ing" the above message brought up a host of different Nokia phones that were having the same problem besides the Nokia C6-01. It was not a new problem. Just Google the message yourself and you will see. Obviously, this has been a problem for some time. I am figuring that it is something that is imbedded in the Symbian Operating System, or some other internal problem. I am surprised that Nokia has let this go on so long and spread to so many other phone models. This may be at least one reason that explains why Nokia sales are down, while people wait for it to move to the Microsoft Phone 7 platform.I tried to follow the recommendations that were suggested in the various forums. However, not one worked. I must have started from the beginning, again setting the phone back to factory values at least a dozen times, but to no avail. So, I gave up. So did my loyalty to Nokia since 1998. I cannot spend any more time with it. I wasted more than 12 hours on this.So, this is the last Nokia phone that I will buy at least for now. This one, however, is going back to Amazon for a refund. I must do the research now and find a comparable phone from another manufacturer. My loyalty to Nokia has kept me out of touch. So far, a few of the Samsungs Samsung I9000 Galaxy S Unlocked GSM Smart Phone with 5 MP Camera, Android OS, Touchscreen, Wi-Fi, GPS and MicroSD Slot - Unlocked Phone - No Warranty - Black (the only brand for which Windows Phone accepts a MicroSD card-although you have to "marry" it to the phone-see specs!) and several HTC models like the HTC A9192 Inspire 4G Unlocked Phone with Android OS, 3G Support, 8 MP Camera, Wi-Fi and GPS - Unlocked Phone - US Warranty - Black have caught my eye.Update: Still, after more research, I found myself wanting a Nokia. For someone who favored them for so long, it just seemed like a no-brainer. Reviews all tell the story of Nokia loyalty. Anyway, hands down the E71 probably will go down as Nokia's best or favorite phone. In spite of that, after all of the above, I was attracted to the E72 which had high reviews and had improvements over the E71, in spite of what was said by the extreme E71 loyalists. And for the price that "BLINQ" was offering for "Open Box" models on Amazon, Nokia E72 Unlocked Phone Featuring GPS with Voice Navigation -- U.S. Version with Full Warranty (Zodium Black), and in spite of what I said above about Nokia, forgetting about the touchscreen and other gimmicks and concentrating on what I really needed, I thought I would take one more chance.I bought one. I love it. However, I had the same problem with it too. You can read my review for this there. I found a solution that will probably work for this phone too. I feel a little stupid that my Outlook file might have been the culprit, but there was so little troubleshooting help, I thought I was doing the best I could do.So, in fairness, I am raising the rating from 1-star to 4-stars!