I bought the LG neon Go Phone from ATT as a starter phone. It was a good phone for the first day that I used it. But when I tried to set the passcode for my phone, it went all techy on me and locked my SIM card and it locked me out of my phone. I called ATT Customer Service for help, and told me, "We can not help you over the phone if you have a LG phone," the only way they could help me was if I had another phone with a SIM card slot. Well I didn't, so then they told me, "Take it to an ATT Corps. Store, you CANNOT take it to a retailer," well I was pretty ticked off because I didn't have an ATT Corps. Store in my area! I was finally satisfied when we finally returned it for a new one that same day!The hardware design is really good, and I liked the feel to the phone. The TOUCH DIAL feature was really good, but I wished it had a full touchscreen.I bought my Go Phone from Walmart and it came with $50 airtime included in the package. I liked that it came with that, but was not impressed when I could only choose a plan that didn't take money off my account each day. It was the 25 cents plan where every minute is 25 cents (even if its not a minute)! All I wanted to do was text basically on it, but my hopes and dreams were crushed when I found out with the "plan" I got, it would cost 20 cents for each text message I send AND receive! That was a real pain until I got 1000 messages for $10 that came off my airtime (you only get 30 days to use ALL of the messages or they are gone!).Another thing that I didn't really like about it was they charge you for SETTING UP YOUR OWN VOICEMAIL! So if you don't know how to set up a voicemail, then leave it! I spent $1.25 of my money just setting it up! I was really upset with ATT for doing that! You would think it was for free! WRONG! Then to for me to set up my account, they sent me a "Free Text message" from them!Overall I like the phone, hate the service! I use it basically to text now that I got 1000 messages. But that won't last long before I have to spend 10 bucks again just for a decent deal! DO NOT MESS WITH THE SECURITY SETTINGS UNLESS YOU KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING!I would recommend the phone to people who are just starting with cell phones, or just get a regular ATT plan! I am happy with the phone now because I got it all under control, but if you are not familiar with these kind of phones, DO NOT GET THEM! Read the plan features first before you buy them!If you do get a GO phone, then good for you! But my suggestion for those who want to text a lot, get the unlimited texting for 20 bucks a month (this also comes out of your airtime!).