This is truly a terrible phone, don't let the new, long overdue features fool ya! Sure its about time they make a phone with a color screen to keep up with everyone else, and the new features are handy. But tell me.... What use are they if you cannot use the phone???? Every other call is a dropped call. And its annoying and embarrassing especially if you take business calls on them. Within about 8 months I went through about 9 phones. Their service department is pretty cool and is aware of the issue so they gave me no problems switching out the phone, they just never had any in stock! For those out there that are experiencing dropped calls, take it into a service center and let them put in a internal antenna they had to make for these units. It does help a little, any less dropped calls is an improvement.The Worst parts are of the phone:Is never having a signal, I can't even use the phone in my house anymore! Not at work and I am on the 15th floor, I have to stand on 1 baby toe to get 3 bars.The speaker phone blows out. When you download ring tones, they are too loud even on the lowest volume level. And when you use the speaker, it cuts in and out.Each time you download something, since the phones are so crappie, you have to keep getting replacements. They don't save your ring tones or anything you downloaded from IDEN. SO now I am just out of luck on the money I have spent on the past. Although they don't use IDEN anymore, I still was cheated!!The screen gets jammed sometimes. Very rare but true. I have to close the flip and re-open it.How about the phone just cuts itself off. Power Zero! Battery fully charged. Do warning or nothing.It ruins the Jarba earbuds. I have had to buy 2 of them because whatever is the problem, when you plug in the ear piece, it zaps it and the earpiece will no longer work. And you can't return those! So you are just our of $40+They refuse to recall the phone. The customer service reps, the service centers,managers, you name it from Nextel themselves has said they phone is "No Good" that "Everyone is having the same problem" and there is nothing they can do. When I disconnected my service the department that handles that offered to take $150 off the price for the i830 but I heard the reception on those were worse.Customer service doesn't know what the error codes are. If you call and report back to back dropped calls and tell them the code... They don't even have the reference guides to tell you what the code means.Oh and be careful when you change your package!! If you Upgrade or Downgrade it signs you up for another year to your contract. Don't do it. Stay where you are so you can get out.One positive thing I will say is that the rate plans are good depending on how much you use your phone and even though customer service is terrible, they don't say no. You just have to be patient over and over again until they fix it. Also be prepared to call at least 3 times back to back to make sure they handle the issue, that they did make the adjustment/credit. Each representative will tell you something different I promise you. They don't know the system, they don't notate accounts properly, and their knowledge is very minimal. I want a Pro on the phone I can look in the users guide myself. So get yourself a good book and prepare to wait.Myself, I have left Nextel for good. I was looking into Sprint but now since they merged.... I am sticking to plan A to the Verizon Wireless. So all of those people out there that are saying the phone is great, don't leave that area, and give it a few months. You will be changing you review. Because I too at first loved the phone.