An ideal buy for those not interested in a truckload of extra functions, but rather prefer to focus on the 3 primary necessities: calls, texts and internet access. Definitely recommend this particular seller. The phone came in the exact same condition as it was originally manufactured and packaged in. The best part was that, due to being an Amazon Student member (one-time only offer which entitles you to a 50% discount on the Amazon Prime membership - $39 for the year of free 2-day shipping instead of $78-9 default), I paid no sales tax OR S&H; (shipping and handling) fees. Could have gotten it from Wal-Mart a few miles down the road but why spend money on gasoline to pick it up (whether I bought it online and had it shipped to the store or not), pay sales tax if I bought it from the store's inventory AND/OR pay S&H; if I sent it to my home address - especially when I don't have immediate need for it? Waiting a couple of days was more than acceptable for the overall price discount.The phone is well designed for compact portability. In regards to its general specs: The phone keypad is spongy and durable, but small and tight-knit(typos will not be few and far between, regrettably for those with grown-up fingers); the speaker is fairly clear; the digital camera is well made but not professional level in definition; and the text message keypad - while having fairly small buttons - makes up for its lack in physical size with sufficient spacing between each key to avoid repeat typos due to an overcrowded/cluttered console. Odd how the two keypads simulate and oppose each other in design. Another point of note is that the menu items are pretty much individually ordered in a standard grid formation. Size-wise, anyone familiar with the Nokia 1661 (pre-paid colors were gray with red lining along the seams), which I am actually replacing with this one, would recognize this model as the technical big brother of sorts - in physical build, with added flexibility and size. An upside to the scale of it is the ease that one can manipulate its sliding mechanism one-handed - "easy open, easy close" with just your thumb doing the work. Protective skins for this model (frequently referred to by its battery brand name, Alcatel) can be found in abundance on Amazon, eBay and Google Shopping (for general listings of availability). More often than not, the S&H; will cost you more than the skin(s) itself/themselves.These points are worth considering, ESPECIALLY when compared to the level of personal need for the merchandise in question. This was just a replacement/DIY (do-it-yourself) upgrade of sorts. Just a specialized messaging type, slide design model cell phone to make texting more time and energy efficient in the long run. (Note: If anyone didn't realize yet, should you be on a standard 2-year agreement, you can buy a prepaid cell phone model to use with your phone plan sim card WITHOUT needing to re-negotiate your payment plan or phone contract with the service provider. Just switch the sim card out of 1 phone and put it in another while keeping the original as back-up. This extra advice is particularly for those who are still unfamiliar with technology's standard tips and tricks.)