I have had this phone now for about 6 months. I have nothing but high high praises for it.I shopped for about 2 months tapping into every youtube video, review and social media site I could. I finally settled on the One. I really haven't found much negative about it.As for Features, where do I start? One of the most beautiful screens I have ever seen. Gorilla Glass to prevent scratches, clear, very vibrant colors in all settings. Being outside with this phone does, diminish the visual aspect, but this is the draw back to smart phones. The Zoe feature is where this phone shines above all others. I have made some amazing short movies with really no work at all. I have programmed my One for all major TV manufactures with the remote feature. This is one of my favorite features on it. I can control most TV's in restaurants and bars. Nice little feature during basketball season when some fool wants to watch Jersey Shore in a sports bar.I gave the ease of use 4/5 stars as this isn't the easiest phone in the world to operate. I had been an android user for years and switched to IOS for a few years. Switching back to the One was difficult at first, but with the power of youtube, I have tapped into every feature I have. With the upgrade of Kitkat, it made it a bit easier to run. I love the larger screen of the current generation of smart phones, but you can get too big. The iPhone fits well in your hand, but your left wanting more. The One fits this bill perfectly. Its 4.7" screen fits well in the hand and give you the ease of one handed operation even with small hands. I have an Otterbox Commuter series case on mine and the overall size is still perfect. I really cant tap into all the amazing features of this phone without taking up 2 hours of your time!Battery, Here is where gave the phone another 4/5 stars. Its running the Snapdragon 600 @ 1.7 GHz so battery life is not going to be that of the old Nokia 5120's, but it does lack some of what I think should be coming out of a 2300 mAh battery. With the new Kitkat upgrade, you are able to turn BlinkFeed off giving you a good increase. I never had much use for it as I have Sports Center for well sports and each social media/news site provides updates. You are able to turn off all unused apps as well. It comes preloaded with a bunch of stuff I will never or have ever used. You have the ability to hide them and force stop these apps. This was a major increase in battery life for me. You can also limit the CPU, but lets face it, you bought this phone for its speed so that not the best idear. Adjust your screen brightness and your set. I will take the phone off the charger around 0430 hours and use it as my morning news and sports updates, spend an 8 hour shift running texts and some twitter updates. Around 1500 when I arrive home, i am usually sitting at 55% battery life. By the time I hit the sack, its still around 25%. Not to bad for my lifestyle.Performance. I compared this to several different brands and style of smart phones and I was overly drawn to the One. It may not have the larger Snapdragon 800 or over 2 GHz, but it still runs super fast.Call Quality is better than anything I have ever experienced. It will filter out back ground noise which is great for being on the road. I log over around 1200 miles a month and am on the phone much of these miles. The filter has made it much better while on the road.Overall I can't say enough about this phone. I was blown away. Unless HTC pulls the new M8 out of hands of God himself, its going to be hard to top this phone!