First, I'm a die-hard Nokia fan, having been using Nokia since 1998, but I'll try to be honest here. I own this gem for more than 3 years and still work flawlessly. Recently I got a Nokia N9, but this is still my primary phone.- If you never used Symbian, it will seem awkward at the beginning, but it's easy and very customizable when you master it. You can setup 2 different profiles, called modes, each with a different homescreen and 6 apps shortcuts for easy access. I've named one "Personal" where I've Opera, Music Player, Sport Tracker (a must if you a runner), SMS, Facebook & Switch mode (for switching on the fly). On the other one, "Work", I've put Email, Quickoffice (great word processor), Notes, Adobe, Podcast, Switch mode. On the homescreen can enable Email & Calendar notification, WLan & phone manager. The left and right top buttons for menu & camera. The home button work as a task manager if you press it for 2-3s. The keyboard is easy and fast to use as the buttons are slightly raised. Someone complained about unlocking, I don't get why, it's so easy & fast: Top left button + Bottom left. That's it, 2s.- SMS, missed calls & voicemail notifications will appear at the bottom of your screen for you to click and access them. Easy.- You can delete all your SMS in inbox by going to settings - mark/unmark - mark all - delete. Or select as much as you want.- WLan works flawlessly & easy to setup. It will connect with only a click and open the browser automatically. Bluetooth worked out of box and easily sync with my PC, laptop and N9. I transfered all contacts and documents to N9 using it.- Voice calls are clear & camera, after last update, is great. Even the included headphones work great for music & calls.- Apps. Everyone complaining the Symbian or any other Nokia phone have a poor apps selection. Really? There are thousands there, even N9 has at least 3000. Have any Android or Iphone fan used all those half million apps? The most used ones are available. Facebook, Twitter, Opera, Skype, Whatsapp, Sports tracker, and so on.- Ovi maps. Great free voice navigation for life in any language. Do I've to say more?- 8 gb micro sd is great and more than needed, and raises the value of the phone.- And last the battery. The greatest battery ever. Even better than my new N9, though not as better as it was 3 years ago. I still can manage 24 hrs with one charge. Not bad for a 2008 phone.It's still a great smartphone, even after 4 years can stand in par with most new full keyboard ones. Don't compare it with touchscreen phones, they are a completely different category. And it's beautiful, shiny metal all around, not cheap plastic.Lastly, I think it's a bit pricier, but if you find it around or under $200 grab it.Just my two cents.