My Samsung phone Android experience was slightly different than my HTC Android phone experience. HTC is definitely better, more stable, browsing is better, battery life is worse but the overall quality and the sturdiness of the phone in question is penultimate. Let me try to tell you why I am so enamored by this phone.1. The browsing is excellent, the downloading is quick, the web pages load in seconds and even on 3G the phone is super fast, I have never switched on the 4G for more than an hour and feel it should only be done when you're downloading a very big file. You may wonder what the purpose of 4G is, so well, although the 4G function is there, this phone is faster than any 3G phones available on the network by a mile (Hero, Moment, Optimus S to name a few) So the browsing is excellent.2. I used GPS once while trying to locate a bar a friend of mine was at in downtown. Anyone who's been to downtown manhattan knows what a headache directions are there but using this I got there just in time. Yes, it takes a bit of getting used to and yes if you forget to switch the GPS off, the phone is going to complain and be really hot.3. Of maybe the seven or eight phones I've used in my life time, this one has the loudest speaker when using Pandora. It is very clear at the same time. While the EPIC may have a louder speaker, the Evo has the clear one, for hours at a time I let it play at volume level 2 with the screen switched off and it is the most delightful jukebox. There are several applications for music and the phone's customization and level of speed and concentration is nothing short of excellent. It never confuses between two running apps and multi-tasking is the best on any phone. Credit to Android and HTC Sense developers.4. The kickstand is a unique feature which can be helpful once in a way, the back of the black EVO is smooth and a pleasure to hold in your hands. The QWERTY touchscreen is really good and I have almost mastered it. When I was using the Nexus S, the touchscreen keyboard was awful. The touchscreen on this phone is the best i have seen on any phone. It is maybe better than my ipod touch too which now is a device i never touch. I don't need to use SWYPE cause I'm fast enough holding the phone vertically.5. The alarm feature is just awesome and I had to make a point about it because even if you're listening to music it will give two sounds, one for the music, the other for the alarm, functionality and customization again get a big score here. The NOTIFICATION bar is the best I've seen on any Android phone.6. The BATTERY life is horrid. Worse than Samsung phones. I have a solution that will cost you money. There is a Seidio battery which goes into your phone but doesn't require an extended back. Get that and you will get a day with your phone. With the STOCK BATTERY, there is no use using your phone.7. One of my BIGGEST COMPLAINTS with this phone is the earphone speaker being way too low. When I'm in a busy room full of people, I always have to get up and go out. With my Blackberry or Samsung I never had to this. So yes, this is not the best phone in the world to talk with. It's a very big flaw and makes me dislike the phone immensely. When you plug in headphones, it is loud enough of course but who does that everyday or all the time? not me i guess.8. Ships with 8GB memory, the touchscreen is flawless and never skips a single beat, the phone never freezes and yes, it has restarted itself once or twice since I have had it but I have never had a phone that doesn't ever reboot once in a way so can't complain. I don't use any app killer, at night i keep my brightness to the lowest level, I restart my phone daily to kill any apps running in the background. I use Winamp for playing music. There are several shortcut and widget options. The phone has a beautiful time display, weather display and quite a sense of humor too. The four capacitive buttons always work.The GREEN NOTIFICATION light is friendly and not too urgent like the Blackberry's RED. I know it is silly to compare but I am silly. The camera is just awful to be honest. Though better than the Blackberry, it is still very difficult to take pictures in the night. The flash is too flashy and washes out the face. Netflix runs smooth, I haven't cracked the screen yet but I've seen several cracked Evo's. I didn't bother rooting it or any of that nonsense.Overall, a solid phone with 2 flaws I can live with. I am not going to deduct any marks because the phone has several stand outs.