I bought 2 of these in order to have GSM world phones to use on a trip to Europe and Asia this summer. So far, I haven't put a SIM chip in one, since I don't use either of the USA GSM carriers. So, I've only used it with a WiFi connection. Product was not really as promised. The "Maps" app isn't at all like GPS, and it only gets your location by triangulating signals from nearby cell towers (a pretty inaccurate way to do it). Worse, the "keyboard" is on the screen but functions like a basic phone, in that you have just 10 keys and have to hit "pqrs" 4 times to get an "s", so even basic texting is slow and cumbersome (the good news is that the keys are large enough on the small screen). Also, even with a very good, fast WiFi connection, I couldn't get this phone to play any videos.Nokia's literature claims the phone has the ability to synch contacts via Bluetooth, but although I got it paired with my Bluetooth cellphone, nothing synched, and I think that it only synches with other Nokia telephones (a fact that Nokia doesn't seem to feel worthy of mentioning in its user guide). Speaking of the user guide, the box from Amazon's vendor included only a user guide in German. German??? I was able to download one from Nokia's website, but only by pretending I wasn't in the USA. Apparently, Nokia never sold this exact model in the USA, so Nokia won't give you a user manual if you're dumb enough to find yourself in the USA with this phone. It's not totally clear exactly what I purchased, actually. The to-be-sold-in-Germany version of a Finnish phone made in India is my best guess.The phone is small and is nice in the hand, and the screen is big enough (although I've yet to see any video at all on it). The user interface is clean enough and slightly customizable, but requires way too many confirmations. Every time you leave an application, it demands to know if you really meant to do so. That gets old.I assume this phone will eventually provide basic telephone functions when I put a working SIM chip in it, and when/if it does, I'll upgrade this rating to 3 stars, but it will always be quite limited for any smartphone functions.Update: I used this phone all over Europe this summer, and I have a better opinion of it now. I was able to get it to synch all my Outlook contacts and bookmarks, but only using a USB cable and the Nokia desktop software. It was pretty hard to do, but in the end it worked.On the road, the phone worked fine, with good battery life. I wouldn't ever want to use it for Internet browsing unless I had a good WiFi connection, though as data speeds were never usable, and the phone frequently froze. Another weak spot is the socket for a SIM card--it is very flimsy and takes a lot of wiggling to get it to accept the SIM. About half the times I took out the battery to swap batteries between phones, the SIM card and/or the memory chip fell out. It's a phone, but very basic one, and the promised GPS never delivered anything at all. So I'm upgrading this to 3 stars, as it does work. I wish I had spent a little more and gotten a much better phone, though.