Ordered 8/31/2013 via Moto-maker.  Received a phone call two days later stating I should call them to clear up an activation issue.  When I called, representatives could not figure out what was wrong with the order and kept transferring me to different departments.  After two days of phone calls that they initiated one rep finally seemed to resolve the issue.  Then as the est delivery date approached, I noticed my phone was still not shipped.  I called to make sure everything was ok with order.  Rep changed the shipment date three times after I questioned him on his "promised" delivery days... I do no think the reps are well trained.  They have generally been unhelpful.  They are pleasant to the point of being annoying; constantly marketing scripts about how Motorola wants to make sure customers have a great experience.I tried to cancel the order but they would not allow me to cancel so close to shipment date...wow what an annoying experience!Hopefully will receive phone sometime in the near future and be able to amend the rating after finding the amazing utility this phone potentially has!Addendum 9/7/2013A pleasant surprise.  I received the phone today 9/7/2103 (initially ordered 8/31/2013).  Not too bad.  Rep on phone claimed that deliveries were not made on Saturdays.  I guess they were wrong about something else again.  I am happy to have received the phone in a timely manner despite the customer service frustrations.  I am amending my initial rating and will update rating after using the phone for a while.Addendum 9/10/2013After using phone for a few days it is pretty much everything I expected.  Very good feeling phone.  Takes a little getting used to the smaller the screen but nice to have a smaller form factor again (I am coming from a note 2 and have previously owned an iphone4, incredible 2, evo4g, blackberry bold, iphone 3gs).  The always on/hands free functions work well and is one of the things that puts this phone above all the others.  Below is a summary of my thoughts.Pros:  1. Customizatble: Motomaker website is nice and allows personalization that is not available anywhere else.  Good choices and it is fun making a personal phone!  2. Form factor: 4.7 inches is a great form factor for me.  I do not watch a ton of videos and do not play a ton of games.  I mostly do emails, text, read news, and use apps like maps, epocrates etc.  I play games once in a while and do watch some videos but this is a perfect size for me.  I like the portability of the phone and the shape & weight.  It feels great.  In fact I would say it is the best feeling phone I have ever used in terms of holding and carrying it.  3. Battery Life:  Excellent.  Gets me through a day of use in a small form factor.  Nicely done.  4. Processor: Good enough.  Gets choppy when I use lots of apps serially but I expect that.  Only time will tell if the processors are good enough to "future proof" this phone.  But I think it will hold up pretty well.  5. Software:  Motorola really has done something very different and practical with their version of android here.  Handsfree works well for me.  I especially appreciate it when I am driving.  But I actually find myself using it more than I thought I would.  I even use it sometimes when I am just sitting around.  The skin is light which I really like also.  Camera gesture is awesome and I have found myself using the camera more these past few days.  If this keeps up this phone is worth it just for these reasons...I use the functions on the phone more!  If I take more pics and use the functions of the phone more then that pretty much makes the case for me to buy this phone vs others just on that fact alone.  Notifications are also second to none.  I can see messages pending to be read without having to touch any buttons when I pick the phone up.  Something as simple as that is a great feature.  6. Voice phone calls clear and signal strength good.Cons:  1. For me Moto maker is one of the factors that make this phone distinctive.  So although personalization is a "pro" the service failed horribly because of the customer service.  I almost did not get the phone because of the moto maker experience.  Actually I was almost not able to get the phone because of the customer service...After ordering the phone, waiting about a week to get it, going through torture during that week to make sure I got it, and then using it for about 4 days, I have to say I would recommend this phone.  Great feeling and looking phone while being very functional.  Minus one star for horrible moto maker experience because of customer service.