Just to note, I got my HTC One "M7" (unlocked international version, black) on Amazon from the seller Wireless Experts. The phone came exactly in the stated condition, and they have always been great on email follow-ups.As for the phone, it blows away everything I've ever owned in the past.  The quality of the workmanship on the actual unit is solid and classy.  I love the elegance of the software design compared to the clutter of features on the typical Samsung, and the color is far better, IMO of course.  It is also screaming fast, with no delay whatsoever regardless of what I'm doing or the amount of multi-tasking I put it through.  I truly love this phone, and have found not a single flaw in it so far after a month of use.Being an international user, what I loved most, was that according to my research (YMMV, so do your own checking!) HTC makes only a single model One to cover the whole world.  That means you can buy a phone anywhere, and use it anywhere.  At least that's what my research brought up to me, and that's the reason I bought the phone, because with Samsung the phones are regionally-based, with no easy way to tell the difference between them.  That means that an unlocked Samsung you buy in the USA won't necessarily work somewhere else, and vice versa.  And you can see the amount of people struggling with that by reading the reviews on some of their unlocked phones.  I couldn't afford to take that chance, so I bought the HTC One instead.As it turns out, the phone worked perfectly in the USA with an AT&T; Sim card installed.  It helped that it was an unlocked AT&T; branded phone, so all the settings were ready to go.  When I returned to Europe this week, the moment of truth happened.  I set it up with my phone service provider (Vodafone in the Czech Republic), and... all worked well.Here are some helpful notes for those of you thinking of using this phone in Europe, for example:1.  The phone got a perfect signal and was able to make calls and send texts (SMS) as soon as my Vodafone rep replaced the SIM card and got done with her settings.  That was the part I was worried about most, and it went very smoothly.2.  The phone did NOT get internet service right away.  What was worse, was that neither of us could figure out why.  As it turned out, the APN settings Vodafone provided were incorrect.  But with a little internet searching on some of the Android tech sites, we found the correct APN settings for our country, entered them in Settings > Mobile Data > Access Point Names, and all was suddenly perfect.3.  Unlike what was listed on the specs for radio frequencies, the phone CAN and DOES get 4G internet connections here in Europe, (at least where I live), and works great with it over here!In summary, for those of you thinking of taking the plunge, all is going perfectly for me and I can't be thankful enough for the great deal I got on this phone.  Compared to buying a new HTC One M7 from my European provider, I saved $400 going through Amazon and Wireless Experts!I hope this helps some of you international users / buyers.  Take care.