I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PHONE! The phone is sleek and it stands out in a crowd. It is a conversation piece. At least until the X2 debuts:) I like being different and this phone fits w/my personality.BATTERY: I heard there were problems so let me tell you how I dealt w/it. I got the phone and charged it per the instructions. I then let the battery die completely...which it did within 1 day. I charged it and let the battery completely die again. After 2 full charges and draining the battery twice, the life of my battery improved exponentially. My phone can now go 3-4 days using internet, panels, and regular usage.PROS- I love the panels but found the spb mobile shell (which is free) is really the only panel I need. The facebook panel gets some usage as well. I'm going to try the spb mobile 3 and the phone suite and see what it has to offer. I really love all the customizable things you can do with this phone. The spb panels add alot to the X1. I love the Oxford Italian language download which allows me to learn Italian on my own. The battery life is not an issue since I did the steps mentioned above. Connectivity is not a problem and the programs run flawlessly. I love google maps and used it to find my way home after getting lost. It was a life saver since I was in another state. I have had no problems w/the camera or taking pictures. I found that by using mobile windows device on my laptop, I can go into my phone & storage card and put pics, music and anything else where I want it to be including making new folders if needed. Making videos has been fun and the quality is great! The picture quality is amazing w/ or w/o the flash.If you are going to get the phone get the spb mobile shell...it brings the phones best qualities to light and puts them at the touch of your finger w/o tons of searching. I LOVE THIS phone. I haven't registered this phone on the AT&T; network but haven't had any dropped calls. That says alot since some of my classes are underground where lots of people get dropped calls. The only deadspots I experienced were in the backwoods of Tx somewhere between Houston & Hooks. But I've been told the moment I register my phone, it'll be on the 3G network and will work in more places. The phone shows I am on an "H" network. The sound quality is good.CONS- For most people the price is a con but since I keep a good phone for 6-9 years, it is not overpriced. It does not have yahoo IM. I hate that there is no "vibrate during appointments" profile like the HTC Touch Pro because I have to remember to turn off my phone when I go to class.  You cannot turn off the SMS notification for sending messages which can be annoying. You can only see the weather for 1 city and the forecast only goes to 4 days. It only has 3 alarm clocks to be set. The font is small but it can be changed using the spb free mobile sheeHowever, I think most of these things can be fixed w/spb downloads (weather, travel, time, diary, etc which are mostly available for a 15 trial period). The keyboard is a little weird at first. It actually hurt my fingers during the first week on use. The keys are almost flushed w/the keyboard and the keys are kinda small for my big fingers but after a week these become minor, if noticeable, points.I'm not sure if I covered everything about the X1. If I can think of anything else, I will definitely write back. I'll write another review after the trial period has ended for spb mobile 3 & sbp phone suite.This phone is worth the money and is AWESOME!!!!! The cons aren't and shouldn't keep anyone from purchasing but beware...the X2 is on its way:)