I would rate it as 4.5 stars if Amazon lets me.I have been using this phone for 3 weeks now. Before getting this phone I also considered getting an Android phone or upgrading to iPhone 4. I had an iPhone 3g before which is a great phone, but overall based on my top preferences I switched to Nokia N8. Of course I also thought about the price since the N8 gets no subsidies from any carrier, but I realized I can just sell whatever iPhone I get when I renew my contract (oh and the data plan is cheaper for the N8, please read on).CAMERA: #1 reason. I wasn't satisfied with iPhone's weak camera. Even my much older phone (2006 model) had 5mp and a flash! I also had an option to upgrade to iPhone 4 with 5mp camera to even it out, but 2010 that is below par compared to most high end phones. Besides, I also dont really like bringing my digital camera. I like to travel light and not worry about forgetting my camera. Top Andriod phones have 8mp, which by megapixel count would have been good enough for me. But I want something closer to a dedicated digital camera - which translates to Xenon flash and larger camera sensor size. Overall, picture quality is great. It takes 2-3 seconds to turn it on, which is just a bit slower to compact cameras.GPS Voice Navigation: It's free, as fast as my brother's Garmin to load and locate, and has turn-by-turn voice navigation. Google Maps is nowhere close to this. I am really bad at multitasking and the worst I can do is look at my phone or printed maps for directions while driving. Android has pretty good voice navigation too.DATA PLAN: I'm with AT&T; right now and I dislike being forced to pay for smartphone data plan that I don't use! I unlocked my iPhone and installed something so it would use 0 data, but AT&T; still detected the iPhone regardless and began charging me. Maybe I did something wrong with the unlocking. Anyways, AT&T; doesnt recognize the N8 as a smartphone so I can either get $15 unlimited data plan or no data plan at all whenever I want. In the long run that saves $15 a month if either right now you are paying $30 right unlimited or $15 for data plan you dont use. x24 months if I had been on a 2 year contract. That's $360 total! Compensates for the big initial expense.The N8 has other good features such as great build quality (no cheap plastic feeling), penta band (when I go abroad), and HDMI out (which is super fun to use for games,  pictures, and movies). But overall the three above are my top reasons for buying it.However, despite all these great features, the N8 definitely falls behind with applications. There's the "oh most iPhone and Android apps are junks anyways," but I could say the same about Nokia. I'm not really an apps person, but I do miss most of the games from my iPhone. It's still a pretty new phone so hopefully new games would come out. At least N8 has Angry Birds... I wont give it 5 stars until more non-junk apps become available.In summary, if you want an all-in-one phone with great camera and GPS navigation and don't really care about applications and mobile internet, then this phone is perfect. But if you do a lot of gaming and social apps like Facebook, this phone might be disappointing.Hope this helps!