I've lived with this TV for just over one month now, so let me share my observations: Wonderful. Exceeds expectations. Quite simply amazing. What more is there to say?Being in the video production business since the early 80's, when the promise of high definition television was first whispered, I was more than ready to receive. So, I spent some time getting up to speed on current HDTV technology, which was considerable but necessary with so many variables in play. (Wikipedia is a great place to start learning about all things related to HDTV.)After much research and comparison shopping on-line, I targeted the Sony XBR series. I was entirely decided to go Sony, when I went to look at the set in person at my local Circuit City store. I marveled at the dizzying array of flat panel video. "Wow, they all look great!" I thought. The Sonys were real stand outs too.Then, across the room, I noticed a picture that just stopped time. -- It was the Samsung 71 series playing a Blu-Ray version of "Pirates of the Caribbean". I thought I was looking through a window, it appeared just that real. Almost too real! Well, now I was smitten with the Samsung 71 series. (Incidentally, Samsung and Sony share an LCD panel factory.)I went to the Best Buy store around the corner and they happened to be featuring the Samsung 4071 TV, and were really talking it up as "the best TV for the money, on the market today" (December 2007).Well, I went home with those experiences and started checking around for the best price. Far and away it was Amazon.com. They were hundreds less than any other retailer. In addition, over the next 30 days the price dropped 350 more, which was refunded upon request. Brilliant!I too was contacted by Eagle Freight for a delivery day, but because the soonest they could deliver was the middle of the following week, I just went to their warehouse and got the TV with my car. I wouldn't recommend it, but I was anxious to get the set!Once I got the TV home, my wife and I un-boxed it and it was simply a plug and play operation. The picture is thrilling right out of the box. There are loads of options for picture adjustment but the defaults work fine as a starting point.As for content, we get high def TV signals pulled in off the air with a Terk antenna. Broadcast HD is stunning. A Sony upscaling 1080P DVD player handles our 'legacy' dvds really well too. And finally an Apple TV box for streaming internet video, movies and digital photos, straight to the TV screen. Simply amazing!!I have noticed some of the drawbacks that others have seen in this TV too, yet I think that they are minimal and certainly not deal breakers. I highly recommend this set, unconditionally and without qualification. Buy or die!...