I thought I bought this TV (which is fantastic and I love it) with 12 months no payments, no interest.It turns out that the so-called Store Card is not the Amazon credit card--and there was no such dealusing the Credit card. I ended up with $2,899.99 on my Amazon Credit Card--all due the following month.I called Chase--the manager was arrogant as I tried to explain the problem. She giggled and said thatshe'd never heard of this offer. I called Amazon--many pages of "clickable" choices.I finally found the "Help" link. This guy was nice but explained the difference between the Amazon CreditCard and the Amazon Store Card and suggested I ship the TV back and redo the order. Nice in theory butI'd already unpacked and installed the "thing" so it doesn't pan out in reality. I kept theTV (it really is nice) and did not pack it up and ship it back, too much hassle.Next I got an email from Amazon explaining--in so many words--how I f'd up. Nice. I wrote them back andexplained that I'd go ahead, pay off the TV then cancel mu Amazon "Confusion" Card and revert back to my Citicard that gives me air miles. I felt better... until I received and answer back explaining that my response to THATemail didn't go "anywhere" because it's unanswerable please go to (link such and such). I did, but once again I founda busy page where it was difficult to come across the link to contact Amazon. Maybe if I still worked--I'm retired--I'dhave enough time (screwing off at work) to hack around and find these links and sort out all these cards, and offers,etc. But as I explained in the email--that essentially went nowhere--that once I receive the Chase statement that I paidthe TV off--I will take great pride and joy in canceling that Amazon/Chase Credit Card and lick my wounds--they cankiss my A-- if I ever use it again.Signed: "Enjoying my TV," and the fact that Iam rich enough to pay off the debt and not haveto deal with jerks like the manager I dealtwith at Chase. She really reminded me of atown hall meeting where the idiot from Congresstakes a question then calls someone on her Cell.Duh?