I pondered for quite a while on a Panasonic plasma or this Toshiba LCD. After having seen the Panasonic in lineups at a few stores and noticing how head and heels above all the others it was, I really wanted it. But after reading reviews and pros and cons about Plasma versus LCD and all of that...I couldn't quite shake loose the price of the plasma set. I continued studying and came to this Toshiba Regza...I read some online reviews and Toshiba's own facts.I decided I would take a chance on the Regza and save 400 bucks in the process.I ordered it from Amazon.com. They shipped it via their 'white glove' delivery service. I live in Arizona and it came from Pennsylvania...intact, no problems! And Amazon covered the freight! Can't beat that.I was a little perturbed at first , because I have no HDMI connections on any other equipment I have, so had to do a little engineering to get it all connected correctly. The booklet with the set, was a little weak on hook ups. So you might need to know, or have someone who knows how, when you hook it up. Especially if you have any components. My stuff is older...as I don't or can't buy NEW equipment every six months when they change as fast as they do now. Long story short, I managed to hook everything up and got my surround sound working and DVD/VCR combo too, and cable box, (although I want to go back to DirecTV). For my local HD channels I connected the Terk antenna described here in one of my other reviews. You cannot go wrong with it for local HD or Digital channels, so check that out.Watched the Indy 500 and the Coca Cola 600 today in HD and both were excellent! Have to say the FOX HD on the Nascar race was superior! Excellent TV, Excellent picture quality and fairly easy to use controls and remote. The stand and tv build took about 5 minutes. I , for one...don't like the fact that most TV stands now , cost as much as a TV should. So, I went to Home Depot , bought some red oak for about 80 bucks and built my own stand!Overall Excellent buy and highly recommended!UPDATE: 1 YEAR LATER...still EXCELLENT and I UPGRADED! Now have HDMI DVD and HDMI receiver...sound quality and video quality even MORE improved! Only BluRay could be better and not sure how much!