This Panasonic is the first incorporating Pioneer's KURO technology. This tech was sold to Panasonic when Pioneer decided to get out of the flat panel business after 2009. Pioneer made only plasmas but they were, and are still regarded as the best TV period! That is a fact and a depressing one for some (including me <:-/ because a Pioneer TV generally cost approximately $5,000-$8,000, give or take 1K and where it was sold - you get what you pay for is an often repeated line by those who own them or just simply viewed them. Now, Panasonic in its first year with KURO technology (they incorporated only SOME of that tech in their 2010 plasma line) made a TV that while wasn't quite in the same league as Pioneer, sure raised a few eyebrows among HDTV consumers and videophiles alike.Now to get to my point. As nice as the TC-PxxVT20/25 is out of the box, which is impressive, I would firmly, firmly suggest you have yours calibrated. You've already spent somewhere in the neighborhood of $1,800. Now have it calibrated by an ISF-certified Pro (~$300, and AVOID having it done by a big box store). After having this particular TV calibrated, your black levels will have better detail, your colors will appear spot-on accurate and have great contrast, the life of your panel will be considerably extended and many save on energy costs. The difference is startling. It's really that good. For that matter, I recommend a calibration for any display system, even valued older CRT models). Once you have this TV properly calibrated it still won't look like a Pioneer KURO but it will be much, much closer. It will look so good you will just marvel at the picture - 2D or 3D.Calibrations are recommended for plasmas after 100-150 hrs of use. This is referred to as the break-in period. In the mean time watch your TV using it's standard or theater type settings. Don't use the torch-like settings because phosphor lifespan is accelerated during the first hundred hours or so. You can have it calibrated at any time in its life after that point and it only needs to be done once.Why don't TV manufacturers ship their TVs calibrated? Simple. When people shop for a TV they go to a store and look at all different models to narrow down their selection of which to buy. Which TVs appear to be best are the ones that have bright, exaggerated colors and contrast all in an effort to get your attention. LCDs are more popular simply because they produce the brightest and most vivid colors. Especially in a brightly lit room where plasmas perform their poorest.But you don't have to listen to me, do a google or better yet go to AVS Forums.comIf you do or don't what matters most is your happiness. I'm just passing on some info that will get your set to give you the most of that. Good Luck!