I purchased this TV on black friday from BestBuy. I was originally planning on purchasing the Panasonic 42 inch plasma( I have many Panasonic products and they have all been incredible, TV's, DVD player, receivers, etc)However after waiting in line from 4am I was one of the many unlucky people that couldn't get one.I starting talking to the manager and he said that this BestBuy only is selling the Samsung 42 today only for $1,199. Originally $1700+This TV is replacing the 26in HD Samsung tube TV in my living room. I have brought home at 5 tv's previous to this one before my wife said that picture looks good.1-Winbook LCD- Junk2-HP LCD-Junk3-Syntax or something- waste of time4-Polaroid-Stick with making cameras5- Samsung DLP- Pixels galore with standard cable.So finally I set this up, tune in HD and it looks great!!  Now the true test. I changed the station to a regular cable channel in standard definition and it looked good. I got the stamp of approval finally.Sorry for the long details, but it took a long time to finally get a new tv for the living room.  Here are some additional comments:-I was told and also read that for the first month or two watch the plasma in either movie mode or standard-NEVER Dynamic mode. Reason why you are training the tv with bright colors off the bat, you should work it in slowly. Standard is nicer than movie mode in my opinion.HD broadcast looks great- Don't worry about burn it(dont go crazy) Samsung as a built in pixel mover that adjust the pixels every 2 minutes. This is seamless to the person watching. Also they have some built in tools that in the case that you do get "image retention" you can run these utilities and they can correct them.SD broadcast is nice- much better than some tv's I have seen. I recommend being at least 7 feet away from this tv for optimal quality. Honestly, even from 2 feet I didnt see an pixelation.Gaming- There is a game mode that you can turn on for the input you use for games. They look great regardless of the input.DVD- Awesome through component inputs and S video.Audio- You can customize these setting. If you turn on the special sound T-something, it echos sometimes. I have adjusted mine and it is perfect. I have a home theater in the basement so I only use the tv speakers for this Samsung.Overall- The design is beautiful, it's a technical piece of furniture. The tv is about 90 pounds so it is heavier than some LCDs. If you are looking for a Plasma TV in the $1200-$1700, this is the best overall bet.