It's worth every penny. I can't think of one flaw on this set. Ordered from Amazon on Tuesday and got it on Friday delivered straight to my 3rd floor apartment. Worked from the start, no issues whatsoever.Hooked up my cable set top box (component), Xbox 360 (component), and my old PC to it (pc video cable). Turned on the TV and my jaw dropped in awe. I replaced an old tube RCA 36" TV and I did ALOT of research before I bought this Samsung LN46A650. I wanted to make sure I had at least the same picture size in height as my old TV which it did, if not slightly more. I sit about 11 feet away from the TV and everything is crystal clear. The colors are vibrant, the blacks are black, the whites are white. I'm just amazed at how great the picture looks and this is at 1080i.I got Time Warner Cable with the HD DVR cable box they supply and the HD channels look incredible. Most of my favorite channels are in HD and hopefully they'll continue adding more. I've been recording everything from HBO to Discovery channels and rewatching every movie and it's a whole new experience with this tv.As for gaming with the xbox 360, I dusted off all my old games and enjoying it so much more in widescreen, clear, vibrant colors. Everything looks smooth. Graphics are amazing. Same goes with the PC. The only problem is that the video card on my old PC can't handle the 1080 so when I tried to play World of Warcraft on it, my fps was very low. You'll need the latest video card to run stuff in 1080 but browsing and even writing emails is just amazing to see on a 46" widescreen as I am doing right now.As for the "red touch of color", I was concerned it would stand out too much but you can't notice it at all unless you're very close to the set. I think Samsung did a great job with adding a little flair to the set with the added red and it doesn't get in the way at all.I just ordered a few HDMI cables (9 cents each). My only regret is that the XBox 360 doesn't have Blu-ray. Hopefully they will come to their senses and get one soon.If you want the perfect TV, I would highly recommend the Samsung LN46A650 46-inch 1080p 120Hz LCD HDTV with RED Touch of Color