The TV was delivered before the estimated delivery date. AMAZON ROCKS. Panasonic makes very good high quality televisions. Their plasma TV's are the best in the business. I own a 2010 Panasonic 3D Plasma. I can honestly say the picture on this  TC-L37DT30 is almost identical to the plasma. If you want plasma quality picture performance in the form of a 37" LCD TV. This is the set for you. The picture is sharp and the colors are vibrant and accurate. One of the most important aspects of picture quality is deep black levels. With a little tweaking I can actually get deeper blacks out of this TV than I can with my plasma. You have to sacrifice a little brightness, but if you turn the backlight way down and have the AI picture mode on, this TV will produce the deepest of blacks. Because the TV use's local dimming edge LED's you do get some "blooming". When you have an all black background with bright text like movie credits for example. The black background around the text gets a little brighter than the rest of the screen. I've never seen this blooming effect while watching regular TV and movie content however. This slight bleeding of whites into blacks is inherent in all dynamic edge LED displays and in no way should be a deal breaker. Most edge LED TV's have flashlighting in the corners, this TV does not. As for the build quality, the TV is built out of metal instead of plastic. Even though the TV is very thin, it still seems very solid and heavy duty. The sound quality is good for a thin LED. The remote is easy to use and lights up red (kind of cool). If you're a gamer you can't go wrong with this TV. There is virtually no input lag in game mode. Motion blur is a non issue because the TC-L37DT30 comes equipped with Panasonic's redesigned IPS Alpha LCD panel. pixel response time is almost instantaneous, you don't get any of the trailing or ghosting like you get from traditional LCD displays. I don't know what it is but games look almost 3D on this TV when its not in 3D mode. You get a real feeling of depth and perspective. I've owned Sony, LG, and lots of Samsung, LCD's, they all have their good aspects but none of them are the "total package" like the TC-L37DT30 is. Panasonic packed all the goods into this 37" beauty.