I did extensive research on 2010 Plasma TV models, and it basically came down to the Panasonic P50VT25 vs the Samsung PN50C8000.While the Panasonic has slightly better black levels (indeed, it has the best black levels of *any* TV except the Pioneer Elite Kuro series), that's essentially the only real advantage the Panasonic has.The Samsung has a better overall picture once the TV has been calibrated. (See calibration settings below.) While the Panasonic has an out-of-the-box better picture (thanks to its THX mode), 10 minutes of tuning erased that advantage. Indeed, side by side comparisons of the two TVs clearly show an over-saturation on the Panasonic that simply isn't there on the Samsung.Esthetically, the Samsung is sleek (very thin at < 2"), modern, and sexy. It is far more attractive than the Panasonic, imo.I personally don't care a whole lot about "apps", internet connectivity, or 3D - but with the exception of the 3D aspects (which I would say are nearly identical on the two sets), the Samsung wins these categories hands down.It's not all roses for the Samsung, however. The interface for entering text is maddening, and the TV seems to have trouble saving my "user" settings - which makes the text entry all the more frustrating since the 10 minutes spent entering Facebook account information is often lost.In addition, there appears to be a rare but obvious "halo" effect in certain images. I most often notice it when a person is walking across a scene with a series of solid colors - like if a person walks from a dark wall across a bright window. Artifacts appear around the outline of the person's body. It's rare enough so that the TV still gets 5 stars, but it's something to be aware of.Unlike other people, I don't appear to have any buzzing sounds - even when the TV is muted. The TV does, however, get warm. This is my first plasma, so I don't know if it's warmer than others - but it's warm.If you're in the market for a plasma, this is the one to have. I got mine from Crutchfield for $1900 shipped, and that came with 2 pairs of 3d glasses, a 19" TV, a blueray player, and some misc guides/labels.For detailed calibration settings, see:[...]