This tv has impressive picture quality.  Actually, amazing is probably a better adjective.  There are many setting options, and I'm not an expert on these by any means, but I selected "dynamic" display, or something like that, and the picture just bursts from the screen.  With my old tv, the picture was better at a distance.  Sometimes, with this new tv, I find myself walking up to the tv for a better look at Brian Williams or somebody else.  As you get closer, the picture does not distort.A word about the delivery.  "White Glove" delivery means that they bring the tv into your house and plug it in to make sure it will turn on.  That's it.  They don't do any connections or anything.  I had to assemble the tv and do all the connections myself.  Fortunately, it was pretty easy.The first tv came in a damaged box, and the delivery guys said I should send it back.  I hooked it up anyway, and it worked, but I was worried that maybe it was damaged in transit, so I called Amazon and told them about the damaged box and the delivery guys' recommendation.  They said I had two choices-- I could get my money back, or they'd send me a new tv.  I asked for a new tv and they sent one within the next week or so.  Very good customer service.  The second tv is up and running beautifully.One feature I really like is the Netflix app.  I put movies in my instant que in Netflix, and then watch them whenever I want.  To make this work, I had to purchase a little do-dad that hooks up to the dvd player and connects to the wireless router in my house.I've only watched a little 3d.  I'm hoping that the networks will begin broadcasting in 3d soon.  However, the picture quality is 2d is very clear, sharp and beautiful.I bought the Samsung sound bar and subwoofer to augment the sound.  It was okay by itself, but better with the subwoofer.  The tv is so thin that it can't generate booming bass.I really enjoy this tv.  As I said, I hope they start broadcasting in 3d because my 3d glasses haven't gotten much use.