I decided it was time to upgrade from my 720p Samsung DLP HDTV I bought about 6 years ago.  I chose to go with a plasma HDTV because I figured I was used to better black levels and contrast ratios from the DLP.  I have not been disappointed by this Panasonic.  The picture quality is astounding.  There are several more picture adjustment options than what I previously had, and I have been able to find some good starting calibration settings from cnet.  I also really like THX mode.  In addition to having it's own set of picture settings, it turns off certain features like motion smoothing, pixel orbiter, etc. that will alter the intended image, and it's a fairly quick option to select.I suppose it may be due to plasma technology, but it's a heavier TV than I expected (although I suppose I saw the weight listed and never paid attention).  It's also a very thin TV especially for a plasma.  I've heard Panasonic hasn't been known for stylish looking TV's, but they've definitely got a nice look for this one.One thing I feel I have to note is that the brightness fluctuation problem appears to be fixed.  I have not noticed any fluctuating brightness or floating blacks.  Maybe my eyes aren't as sensitive as other reviewers, but I'm not complaining.  I haven't watched the Dark Knight on it yet (I've read that movie really suffers from fluctuating brightness), so I'm hoping I won't need to update my review after that.I was looking forward to getting a TV that properly handled 24p input such as Blu-Ray.  This TV has a 48 Hz setting that is to be used for 24p inputs.  Just like other reviews have mentioned, this setting causes a fairly annoying flickering effect kind of like watching a movie on an old film projector.  I watched most of Avatar using the 48 Hz setting, and what I found was that medium dark to dark scenes and those with a lot of motion tended to hide the flickering.  It's mostly noticeable in brightly lit scenes especially those such as bright skies or rooms where most of the scene is the same color.  The VT30 series has a 96 Hz setting which I've read does not show the flickering, so if you're willing to spend a few hundred dollars more for proper 24p handling, that would probably be a good choice.