I was not very convinced when I got mine, but liked the form factor. This TV grew up on me every day I've used it (had it for a couple of months now).What I did not liked about:1. It makes a buzzing sound when the screen is completely black. It is not loud, and I am already used to it, but the buzzing is there.2. When I turn it on, it takes about 20-30 seconds to recognize my wireless router. After that all the internet functions work flawlessly (I use Netflix every day).3. The smart TV apps are slightly slow to react to the remote. This is not a big deal, but smooth animations and transitions would show off the display better.4. Sometimes there are little banner ads from Panasonic on the bottom of the screen for about 5 seconds when I turn the TV on. What is up with that, Panasonic? I paid for this thing, please keep the adds for yourselves, thank you.What I did liked:1. In gaming mode, the display is amazing. I was worried about lag when using my PS3 on 1080p, but there is none. I play FPS games (Resistance 2, Killzone 2, etc), and the experience is completely immersive.2. The video quality is outstanding. What they say about plasma is right on. The cinema and THX modes are amazing for movies, and the 3D effect is outstanding.3. I was worried about burn-in of images. It did not happen, and I had no special care with this TV set. If I freeze any video source, is will go into a screensaver move after a little bit, and dim the display. The Netflix app does better, it has its own screensaver.4. The design of the set is beautiful, and it is incredibly thin (I still cannot believe how skinny does it looks from the side, it is almost unreal).5. Delivery by Pilot was excellent, and Amazon was very good at accommodating my schedule. I was worried about it because I though it was a fragile/large item, but was amazed at the service. And it was free (I have Amazon Prime).6. The sound is very good. I was concerned about people saying you need to purchase an external soundbar, but give this a try on its own. I have it in a large, carpeted room, and never went above 50% of the volume. Yes, sure, it will not rock the house, but it is more than adequate for movie watching and game playing.7. The 3D effect is very impressive. I only use this from time to time, but the effect is comparable to what I experience on a 3D theater.Overall, I am very happy with this TV, and would recommend this to anybody. Note about networking: Used this set both as wireless and with an Ethernet cable: The Internet apps start almost immediately if the network is wired, but take some time if using a wireless connection.