The TV set itself is incredible...if it worked.  Picture is clear, contrast and resolution are amazing.  Then there's the warrantyAs soon as we took the set out of the box, it turned on and powered itself off.  The set acted possessed, maxed the volume out, switched inputs at random, very odd stuff.  I put in the trouble ticket with Samsung Warranty, and they said a service person would visit in 2 business days.  At the end of the second day, I received a call followed by the same questions I answered with the Samsung reps.  This was a seperate service company, First Choice Business Products, who ordered a new processor based on our phone conversation.  I was told on Monday the part would be in Friday or the following Monday.  Two and a half weeks and many frustrating phone calls later, they scheduled a time to come out and fix it.When Mike arrived, he dismembered my TV in my living room, really manhandled it, and forty minutes later it was back together.  However the power button would not turn the set back on.  Three minutes he tried the same things to no avail, finally he got it on.  After a software reset, the set looked to be working.  He left on a Friday.Two weeks later, the set began acting up again, powering itself down with the slightest touch, switching itself to Demo mode, and the same irradic activity.  A second call was put in, same old story.  Then I got a call from Executive Customer Service at Samsung, to verify my problems with this unit.  Light at the end of the tunnel?  Not quite, the gist of that call was to confirm that my problems happened within 3 weeks of the initial fix, and Samsung would not be billed for the second trip!  Now I'm left with the same incompetent techs, who are no longer being paid to fix my TV, and have no interest in communicating to me how and when my $2500 brand new unit will actually work correctly.  Two business days later, same questions, same phone diagnosis, and another part ordered.In the past I have always gone with Sony components and Electronics, and I have never had a problem.  This will be the last time I purchase Samsung equipment for my own sanity.  Do yourself a favor, go with a trusted name who will stand by their product.