I picked this TV up for about $270 on sale. For that price, I think it was worth it. The picture quality is beautiful (minus standard def channels, which look horrific), the sound is more than adequate (I use it in a bedroom and can't really tell though), the viewing angle seems to be wide, and there are plenty of inputs. I do have quite a few pet peeves about the E320VA that I feel should be pointed out though:1. Volume fluctuates wildly if SRS TruVolume is on. Turning it off is a one-time, easy enough fix (just go into the sound menu).2. Rear inputs are designed HORRIBLY. There is very little room between the inputs and the case itself. This is notably troublesome if you're trying to use an antenna or cable straight from the wall, as stiff coaxial cable will have a very hard time bending into the area where the inputs are. The HDMI inputs weren't skimped on. They are very easily accessible, but are on the left side of the TV, which makes for an eyesore if you have multiple things hooked up via HDMI.3. Speaking of antennas and cables out of the wall, DO NOT BUY THIS SET IF YOU INTEND TO USE EITHER METHOD OF RECEIVING TV WITH THIS SET. The included tuner(s) is/are junk. It takes ages to switch between channels, and the ATSC tuner has trouble converting 1080i signals (used with some major broadcast channels, such as ABC/NBC) for use with this 720p set. Every few seconds, the picture freezes up for a splitsecond. This is EXTREMELY annoying and is not a problem with signal strength. Also, if you don't have the coaxial cable in the TV positioned perfectly, lips have trouble syncing up. Anything that uses HDMI cables thankfully bypasses the terrible tuner.4. The remote is of SHOCKINGLY bad quality. Some buttons can barely be pressed at all. Not a problem if you're only using a cable/satellite box.5. The "normal" picture mode leaves a few rows of pixels which display oddly (I'm guessing these pixels aren't used in the original broadcast image). "Widescreen" mode horribly distorts standard def images.6. The TV has randomly shut off a few times on me when I've been browsing the menus, but it has been a while since it last occurred. It has randomly shut off completely in the middle of playing a video game through one of the HDMI ports.7. Take this last complaint with a grain of salt, as I do not know the exact cause of my problem. Many times (10+) while playing on my Xbox 360 connected through an HDMI cable, I've had my sound die. Muting and unmuting solves the problem. I'm pretty sure the TV is at fault, but I suppose the 360 or HDMI cable could be the culprit (though I think the signs point towards the TV).