I bought this TV from Amazon and it actually shipped from Vanns. I had been patiently waiting for the right TV at the right price to upgrade from my 5/6 year old Samsung 720p, 60 Hz DLP TV. (Lots of acronyms there) When Amazon/Vanns dropped the price of this 1080p/240Hz TV under $1,300, I knew the time was right. The shopping experience with Amazon and Vanns was superb. It arrived on time. It was heavier than expected, but the FedEx guy helped me bring it in the house and I gave him a tip for his extra effort. Set up was a breeze for me. It replaced a 50" DLP, so it is just a bit smaller. The TV has a plastic cover over the glass screen. I tried to get it off, but I think that it had been super glued in place. I called LG to make sure that it was supposed to come off as the manual never mentioned removing it. The lady told me it comes off easy. Well, easy must be a relative term because I could not get it off. I just set it up with the plastic in place. About a week later, a friend's son dropped by and said he thought he could get the plastic off. We took the TV down and placed it on cushions on the floor. He and I both were finally able to get the plastic off after about 30 minutes and a lot of sweat and muscle. I think pulling teeth may have been easier. However, once we reattached the TV without the plastic, I could not believe the picture quality. It was amazing!!!The only audio out is digital optical so I never hooked that up since my TV is about 20 feet from the surround sound system. I play audio through a surround sound system with Klipsch speakers anyway, so who needs the TV sound. However, I did buy a couple of optical audio cables to connect from my Dish receiver and Blu-Ray player to my sound system. I am now seeing and hearing Dish content and Blu-Ray movies like never before. And the Super Bowl was incredible, commercials too!!! The picture is so clear that I never realized how much make-up news casters and TV/movie stars wear.I absolutely love the Lord Of The Rings trilogy. It was the first movie I watched in Blu-Ray on this amazing TV with the digital optical audio. It was like I had never seen these movies before!!I am one happy camper, although I probably should have gone to the zoo to get a Gorilla to remove that plastic cover. I highly recommend this TV as long as you can remove the cover. I would buy another one if I had a place to put it and could get my friend's son to peel the plastic off!!