Having just purchased a model from same Philips series, I concur with a prior positive review 110%. In my quest for the best, I went as far as buying, assembling and then returning 3 other 47" TVs within a 24 hour period. After hours of internet research and staring at countless screens in every major retail store, my eyes told me that the Philips 47PFL6704D is THE BEST 47 inch at any price, including those advertised as 240hz oe LED. It seems the differences between the 47PFL5704D and 6704D are as follows: Thinner bezel (frame around screen) on the 6704, lighter weight (6704 under 54 pounds), higher contrast ratio (50,000 to 1 on 6704). Having owned and gifted too many Sony, Samsung, VIZIO, Hitachi and Toshiba big screen TVs over the past 10 years, I can say without a doubt, this line of Philips is the best available today for ease of use, picture quality, clean design and although Philips is not a household name in the USA, in Europe they have been a top brand for all kinds of household appliances for many decades. In fact, every day I brush my teeth with a Philips Sonicare.My only complaints with this Philips are that the images appear to be too bright and too realistic at times. I watch most DVD movies using my VIZIO Blu-Ray player because it seems to upconvert regular DVDs to 1080p better than my Samsung and JVC players. Unless I change the Philips TV mode to MOVIE, everything appears closer to live TV instead of a film because the Philips TV does such a great job at delivering razor sharp images with details I'd expect to see only from a 3D Blu-Ray DVD. The TV lacks 2 inputs I expected and found on all my former big screens. It only has 1 coax input for antenna or cable and uses standard left & right RCA connections for mating with a home theatre systems (vs. a single digital jack).  On a positive note, my former big screen only had 3 HDMI jacks and this one has 4 so I can hook up my home theatre system, Blu-Ray player, DVD recorder and DVD/VHS recorder as well.Sound quality also surpasses what i experienced with 6 prior Samsung and Hitachi big screens that had much larger cabinets and speakers. Most home theatre systems (HTS) will still deliver deeper bass and surround sound, but without an HTS you can still enjoy whatever you're watching as this TV mesmerizes you.