So many helpful and comprehensive reviews have already been given for this wonderful TV, so I will keep my comments to those things which aren't often stressed.For me, the Clear Voice audio option has made it so that I can actually hear voices clearly, and not have to use closed captioning and subtitles. At first, I didn't realize that there are actually different levels that you can set the Clear Voice to. When I set it to the highest level, it was a revelation. You can also keep the Clear Voice on, and at the same time have it set to Music, Cinema, etc. And the power for the speakers is 14 watts, which is higher than most TV's of this size, making the audio quality even more impressive. It also has a feature which limits the sound of commercials relatively equal to that of the programming, another terrific feature.The four holes for attaching the stand to the TV are deeply recessed, so when setting up the TV, have a screwdriver with at least a 4" handle ready, preferably with a magnetized tip. Do not screw the screws in too tightly. The heads of the screws are soft, and strip easily if you need to unscrew them.The one serious drawback to this TV is that it is an energy hog if you leave it on standby after you have shut it off. The bright red light that remains on must use at least 20 watts. The solution is to put the TV on a power strip, and turn off the strip after you've turned the TV off. You will not lose your settings. The reason the TV did not receive an Energy Star rating is because of the high "vampire load" it carries when it's turned off. If you use a power strip to turn it completely off, it's actually more efficient than most TV's because you can use energy savings settings, including a no picture option when you are just listening to music. Please be kind to our planet (and your wallet) and use a power strip.26" is a completely adequate size for a bedroom (mine is 12' x 14') and makes it easier to set up and haul around, a good choice if you're not very strong. As has already been stated, at this size 1080 pixels will not really improve the quality of the picture, and may actually cause increased trailing.The only other comments have been already stated by others- picture and sound blows away the competition, at an excellent price (a steal at $300 through Amazon.)