I ordered a Sharp 46D92U after living with a Sony KDL464XBR2 for a while. My wife and I love the XBR2, but right now both sets are set up side by side in my living room and while there's a long list of things that we prefer about the Sony; after several evenings of viewing, the Sony's going back to the store and the Sharp has a new home.Now that's not because of looks. Neither my wife nor I have ever found televisions attractive. They tend to be these big ugly hunks of glass that are best hidden away when not in use. Not so the XBR2, we find the XBR2 to be the most attractive looking flat screen package on the market. It looks like a thing you want hanging in your living room. The Sharp? The Sharp looks like a really big computer monitor. We had a tough time ordering it in the first place because we find it so ugly and the Sony so pretty.It's also not because of the build quality. Don't get me wrong, the Sharp is built well. But the quality of the buttons, the labels on the ports, all much lower on the Sharp than the Sony.Nor is it because of the "out of the box" sound. The Sony's speakers and sound have it hands down over the sharp which sounds tinny and thin and quiet compared to the Sony.But then there's the picture quality. This is after all a TV; not a vase, not a computer keyboard, not a stereo, it's a TV. The two boxes are set up side by side in our living room and here's the net. Coming out of a Blu-Ray player, the Sony looks worse on almost every scene compared to the Sharp. The Sharp has this clear "no panel blur" picture that is just incredible. The Sharp displays a level of detail in the darker scenes that the Sony just cannot match.Don't get me wrong, if we'd not done the side-by-side, we would have continued to be completely happy with the Sony. The XBR2 has an incredible picture. But it's not as good as the Sharp's. Motion on the Sharp is better. Dark scenes on the Sharp are better. The only downside is that all that "sharp-ness" makes the source material look grainy once in a while. So, if you are willing to put up with the Sharp's looks and not going to rely on the built in speakers for sound, this may be the set for you.