I purchased this TV despite customer feedback about cracked screens.  Unfortunately, when I received my TV, it too had screen cracks on the top left and right and along the bottom.  I've given the TV an average rating when it may well deserve a top rating, because this is the only way I can pass the information on to other customers.  It seems that all of the Amazon customers with similar situations have been blaming the shipper, but I believe it is a Samsung packaging flaw.  I have owned several large screen LED and Plasma TVs.  The first thing I noticed that was different about this TV was that the center pedestal came pre-attached.  Also, it only had rigid corner and center styrofoam blocks for support.  When I discovered the cracked screen, I examined the packaging closely and noted several potential causes.  First, when placed on a flat surface with the TV inside the box and the top box cover removed, I discovered that the TV rocks on the center styrofoam pedestal support from side to side. This means that the bottom center support is higher than the side supports.  Second, there is no side support, except for the box, to absorb downward stresses.  This means that if any stress is applied to the top, the top styrofoam blocks would transfer the stress from the top corners of the TV, diagonally down the center of the TV to the pedestal.  This is because the side supportS are slightly shorter than the center support.  I believe this is the cause for the frequent screen cracks and not the shipping.  I recommended to Samsung that they remove the pedestal for shipping, or at least, place it on a soft, flexible, foam block, and add rigid side support so that stress from the top will be transmitted down the sides and away from the TV.  It has been frustrating for me, and other customers, to wait for the TV only to find it damaged when opened.  I'm also sure that Amazon can save thousands of dollars by helping avoid unnecessary damage.  Until the packaging situation is resolved, Amazon should insist that heavy objects NOT be placed on top of the TV box.  Unfortuantely for me, Amazon does not have a replacement TV and will not transfer the starter pack and bluray player promotion to another, more expensive TV.  I probably not buy another TV until another promotion is offered.