I had been shopping for a new HDTV for several months. So many choices but I definitely wanted something that would stream the internet and had a few other specific functions. This particular model had everything I was looking for. One thing I did not want and have no desire to ever have is a 3D TV so this model also was attractive because of that. It had come down to just a handful of choices and when this TV came up for $1350 with free shipping and no taxes I jumped on it and I could not be more happy with my purchase. Of course it will probably get even cheaper in the future but isn't that the same with all electronics?It helps if you research the proper settings for this TV to get a good picture because the default settings are okay but far from perfect. Once you get it set just right the picture is absolutely phenomenal.The reviews about the glare kind of spooked me but I don't find it that bad at all. Yes I had to adjust a couple of lamps in my living room to eliminate some glare but that was easily accomplished. The glass makes this a really attractive TV that's easy to clean and care for.I'm old school and I also have an analog stereo that I paid huge amounts of money for in the 80's and refuse to let go of so I had to get an audio adapter since it has no rca cable plugs. Here's a secret for those in the same predicament: There's a website called monoprice.com that you can find everything you need under $30 to accomplish this and it sounds great. The TV's own built in sound is not really that bad either, at least compared to my previous TV's.I really love the ability to watch Netflix movies and access my Picassa photo account through this set. If you don't plan on connecting your TV to the internet then you are wasting your money for this set because that's a key feature. Plus the ability to download updated firmware is fantastic.About the only complaint I have is it's kind of difficult to get to the usb ports in the rear. But that's minor and a short usb extension cable should solve that problem.