Something tells me that these people who gave this tv a 5 star rating wrote the review after only owning the tv for a couple months.  About 5 months after owning it, it was nothing but trouble.  As I write this review, I am depressed because I put so much money and time into this tv.  It is not every day you buy a $1,700 tv.I do have to admit.  The first couple of months this tv was amazing.  Super crisp picture.  I had no complaints in fact I loved showing off my tv.But after about 5 months, it lost it's wireless capabilities.  It even, lost the ability to switch from tv to blu-ray to net tv to video games.  I called to complain about that and at the same time I noticed the picture was not as impressive.After a month or so later, a repair guy came out to fix the wireless/input switch.  He did that.  It works now, but he did not do anything about the picture.  He said call back and schedule another appointment to get the picture problem fixed.  He did not have the parts.  Five months later I was still waiting.  I would call every couple days because my part was supposed to come in on X day, nope pushed back again, it got pushed back again and again and again.  I was told it is on back order.The problem I was having was the picture became grainy, but also when there was fast movement on the screen the picture became very pixelated.  After about a 5 month wait I had enough playing Mr Nice Guy.  I started demanding to talk to people.  I demanded action.At this point they said they'd give me a refurbished tv.  I was just happy to get something.  I figured if they fixed my tv it would be refurbished anyways.  SO they finally delivered and I got my refurbished tv.  The deliery guy dropped the tv off then later that night I watch it.  The pixelation on the refurbished tv was just as bad.  The problem is that the processor in the tv can not process the picture fast enough and you get blurring boxes in spots where there is lots of movement.  So now I gotta call them back and figure the next step.  Stupid me, the repair guy company told me I should of taken the money because I would most likely experience the same problem.  Obviously the processors on all these tvs are poor.In summary, excellent picture at the beginning.  Went south 5 months later.  I spent $1,700 on this tv and expected quality.  Customer Service, while they were nice people they had no sense of urgency and I got no results.  It got tiring calling them for what is now 6 months.  It seems that Toshiba has not developed the technology to produce hi-tech tvs.  Look to another brand.