I've owned this set for about 10 months now, and it never ceases to amaze me with its picture and ease of use. Simply put, it's an outstanding HDTV, especially for the price.The color is what strikes me first. It's drastically better than almost every LCD set I've come across that's been below $3,000. In general, plasma tv's produce better color output than LCD's, so that in and of itself isn't really surprising.  What IS surprising, though, is just how much more vivid a picture this set has than almost all LCD's and plasmas anywhere remotely in and out of its price range. My dad paid twice as much for his 40" LCD 1080p, and all he does is comment on how pretty my tv looks everytime he comes over. Same with a close friend of mine who also owns an LCD that cost more than twice as much. I never realized how beautiful reds, yellows, blues, and greens were until I got this set. Yellow has become my new favorite color, strangely enough, because it looks so bloody brilliant on this set. Bumblebee from Transformers blows my mind every time I watch it. It's absolutely beautiful.In terms of clarity, it's again a stunning product. Blu-Rays shine on this set, and I'm constantly showing off Transformers and Planet Earth to the delight of my friends. Also, the contrast on this plasma outshines any and all LCD screens I've tried out, too.I can't comment on the sound because I use my surround sound set-up at all times, but the three or four times I've utilized the factory speakers, they've been fine.My only major gripe is that the factory remote doesn't have preset buttons for each of the input selections. There's only one button, and you have to cycle through the input types until you reach your desired destination. I ended up purchasing the Harmony One remote which already has those inputs programmed in. Sweet!The only other concern I have had is screen burn-in, which has happened on occasion. I'm fairly mindful of it and whatever burn-in my tv has received has always worn off after an hour or so, but I imagine if you play video games with HUDs on them for many many hours at a time, this could become an issue. I haven't had any problems with my games (all three of the "next gen" systems look and play great on this thing), but I am not as hardcore a gamer as I used to be.Overall, this set is dynamically beautiful, and I wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone looking for a fantastic picture that will wow you and your friends and family for years to come.