I write reviews for various gadgets and restaurants and this is the 1st time when I do not have anything negative to write about the quality. I bought this TV back during 2004 Thanksgiving sale from BestBuy and paid about $1350. It took about few weeks for the picture tube to break in and show its real colors ! Then I had a technician from best buy come over and calibrate it (as you may already know that Rear Projection TVs need calibration, but if you have the bestbuy protection plan they would do it for free at your home). Ever since then all my friends come to my place to watch the big games, movies and even to play xbox in widescreen - and everyone just drools over the picture quality. The picture is crisp, specially when watching HD content and watching movies on DVD. I do not watch analog channels since almost all of them are in HD now for a small difference of $7 or so per month. I looked at Sony, Samsung and Toshiba - Toshiba won the race by a mile. Here are a few things worth mentioning about Toshiba 51H84:- Picture is absolutely crisp- Colors are beautiful (try watching Shrek on it)- Even movies in 4:3 look great- Size does matter ! I was about to settle for 42 and I am extremely glad I pushed myself to 51"- The multi-choice zoom feature will satisfy your appetite to zoom any sort of programming.- 7 inputs including HDMI (I use Component and am satisfied)The only negative:- Doesn't have a built in HD tuner, so you cannot use its cool Split (2 screens) and Channel Scan feature (split screen in 12 screens).  It has 2 inputs for Antenna, I connected one to the cable box and other bypassing the cable box, so I can screen the channels in analog (using TV's analog tuner) and then watch it in HD.There is a false rumor that Toshiba's doesn't do a good job with green - Not true ! Myself and few of my friends spent hours looking at 3 different brands and Toshibas (after calibration) does the Best job with all R G and B (Sony RPTV didn't do a good with Reds) !Calibration is the key - make sure you spent some time to tune it after few weeks of picture tube breakin period.I would recommend this TV as a big bang for your buck !