I went for a plasma because everything I read said burn in didn't happen anymore. Especially if you're careful. I bought this TV 9 months ago and was super careful about pausing it, etc...It "ghosted" immediately. ALL the time. I mean ALL THE TIME! Not when I paused it... just when I was watching TV or a movie.OK, fine. It needed to "break in." I ran the scrolling feature a LOT, I lowered the contrast, yadda yadda yadda.About 2 months ago, I noticed that there was ghosting of Pandora (which I listen to all the time as it came with the TV) boxes on the screen. And it wasn't going away. I ran the scrolling feature like mad. No dice. It's there permanently. I particularly notice it when the TV screen is playing a nighttime scene or when it's very bright. It takes up the entire screen and is very distracting. Also, 9 months later, it still ghosts various things.I can't even begin to tell you how bummed I am by this! I've never had it on one screen for more than 10 minutes because I was so paranoid about this very thing happening.The other thing that happened is the audio out where I plugged in my headphones is now broken, and apparently I have to get a guy out here to fix it. I don't even know how it broke! Both the issues are not covered under the warranty. I've been trying to figure out a workaround (digital optical audio out to a converter to my headphones... nope. Didn't work)So, I saved and saved for an "awesome" 50 inch TV... for this piece of crap.On the other hand, I never heard the buzzing people mentioned in the reviews. So there's that. I mostly use it as a very expensive audio system for Pandora now. I hate watching anything on it.UPDATE: After owning this TV for 1 year & 1 month, the screen went black for no apparent reason. I took it in to a repair shop and they said the whole panel needed to be replaced. That would cost only a little bit less than to re-buy new. It's going into the dumpster.I emailed Samsung and they said there's nothing they could/would do because the warranty expired ONE MONTH AGO! One of the most expensive mistakes I've ever made.I realized that I always felt stressed about using this TV. Every time I paused it, I would race around (to the bathroom, kitchen, whatever) to do whatever I had to do as fast as I could because I was so afraid of MORE burn-in. Right now, we're using our backup 32" LCD TV, and "poof!" the stress is gone! I will never EVER buy a plasma TV again.