As Altair said it - the "soap opera effect".  I would not be able to describe it better.  I have had this TV for over six months now and was blaming my old DVD player and Xbox for inability to convert properly, but recently purchased blue ray player and even blue ray movies look the same, so it's not the DVD player or Xbox.  For experiment's sake I then hooked up my Xbox to my PC LED LCD monitor with one of the regular movies I tried on the TV and saw that it was great.  That shows that the TV is creating this.  To me it seems like a "too much contrast" or, like Altair said, "soap opera effect."  I tried various setting in the menu to no avail.  The best way that I found to watch movies that actually solved the "soap opera effect" is to hook it up to my laptop through VGA cable.  This completely solved the issue but unfortunately makes my new blue ray player unusable.Also, to add, XBox gaming is hard on FPS games.  I play multiplayer Halo, and it is very noticeable and can get quite frustrating.  Tried playing the same game on my PC monitor and saw improvement in the lag.Anyway, general TV, sports and news is OK. Movies and gaming (FPS) is not.  Solution for movies: laptop/PC through VGA.  Solutions for gaming: 1. get used to it, 2. play games other than multiplayer FPS, or 3. get another TV.----------------------------------------UPDATE - 2/09/2011After posting my initial review I continued on tweaking the menu settings and went into one of the options that I did not turn off before.  It seems that turning that function off solved the "soap opera" effect.  The function is supposed to smooth the effects of "choppiness" attributed to fast object movement.This is how you get there:Press "Menu,"select "Video" (by pressing right arrow),go to "Advanced video,"in "Advanced video" switch "DNR" function to "Off"That should solve it.I have to say that when I turned it off I noticed very slight "choppiness" but nothing that I would consider a major problem.I am upgrading it to 4 stars (Originally was 3-star rating) although I think it is more like 3.75.---------------------------------------UPDATE - 7/6/2013At this point I already had this TV for several years, and would say that it is a solid 4-star TV.  No issues.  With the solution provided above movies look great.  Gaming does lag slightly, but I guess I got used to it, so at this point it is not a huge issue.