Bought this TV end of October after researching and determining that this was the best quality picture for the price hands down, only below the high end panasonic plasma. I hooked up the TV and used it for a few weeks and was blown away with picture quality with some exceptions in fast movement in certain scenes when it appeared distorted not sure what proper settings were to fix this but it was hardly noticeable so I was OK with it. One day to my dismay I found a dead pixel right in the middle of the screen! Totally noticeable as it was right dead center. I called up Amazon right away and had a replacement sent in November. The new TV I received did not have any dead pixels, however what it did have was the dreaded loud buzzing noise from the left rear of the TV. Really annoying and it actually hurts piercing your ears. At this point I contacted Samsung for service as I thought I was over return policy. The service company was HORRIBLE. I made an appointment for presidents day. They called and canceled due to weather, mind you it was about an inch of snow that dint even accumulate. Rescheduled for Weds. Tech called and said he would be by between 330 and 530. I said OK, I will be out of work at 430 and someone will be home to let you in if I'm not there. He shows up at 230!!! So I was not there while he made his diagnosis. He stated that buzzing was normal. I explained to him its not normal because the first Samsung I had with the dead pixel was not loud at all!! He didn't do anything for me at all. Unacceptable service and to top it off all my cables where switched around he left my satellite receiver unplugged. If you service something shouldn't you make sure everything is working as it was or in same condition before you leave?????? Worst experience ever!!! Needless to say, I called Amazon and they are now taking the TV back for a full refund! Thanks AMAZON for picking up the slack for this poor display of Samsung Support for a failing product with lots of defects off the assembly line. So it seems your gamble on buying this tv to not have any issues. If you got one of the good ones with no defects consider yourself lucky. I tried with two of them and no luck. I will be buying a panasonic for sure now!!!