I was in the market for a reasonably priced TV with a great picture and big size, and little else factored into my decision. After months of research I came across this TV and now that I've owned it for a couple of months, I must say that I love it.It's lacking Internet connectivity so no Netflix streaming directly through the TV, no yahoo gadgets to play with, and no other specialized content available like there is on higher end TVs. If this makes no difference to you, as is the case with me (I use my PS3 if I want those bonuses), then this TV may be up your alley.The main pro of this TV is the superb picture and the size. The size speaks for itself. Blu-Ray looks ridiculously good, video games on my PS3 are perfect (no input lag that I can detect either- which is a huge plus for me because I play a great deal of online FPS games that require quick twitch reactions), and watching sports or a movie on cable is great even though cable is usually broadcast in 1080i. Standard definition channels look like crap though, so make sure to upgrade your cable to high def.Other pros: Better than expected sound (although I would recommend investing in a sound system), a great number of inputs, it's energy efficient, and you have the choice between 60hz and 120hz.If you do make the purchase I have some suggestions. When it comes to the motion flow feature, which when on displays the picture in 120hz, I recommend using it on high for when you watch sports or when you're playing video games (by the way, to you gamers out there, do not play video games using the game scene option- it turns off the motion flow so you're going to see too much motion blur, especially in faster paced games, and the scene mode makes no difference when it comes to input lag). Otherwise, unless you like the soap opera effect that to me makes human movement on the screen look unnatural and makes movies in particular bizarre looking, put motion flow on standard or turn it off all together. I would use the Standard Picture Mode instead of Vivid, but if you want to customize further you can choose Custom if you wish. Beyond that, spend some time tweaking the settings even if you're not a techie so you get a picture that looks right to you, it can make a difference in my opinion but it really comes down to how anal you are about picture quality.Good luck shopping.