I purchased this TV as a replacement for an older JVC DLP 1080i set. The colors and details are amazing! Playing PS3 games and blu ray movies on a plasma are everything I've read about. There has been absolutely no blurring during action movies like some LCD's can have. I don't know how it compares to some of the "industry's finest" plasmas, like a Kuro, but from what I've seen, the black levels have been superb.I describe myself as a pretty technical person, so I really appreciate all of the adjustments available on the 7000 series. I would liked to have purchased the PN50C8000, with pro calibration controls, but it wasn't available to me at the time I purchased this model.Adding to the geek appeal is the internet functionality. I am able to connect it directly to a LAN cable, so all internet widgets and video streaming are quick and don't lag. Possibly one of the greatest connection feature has to be the USB connection. I have a 1 TB external hdd filled with movies and video. I have only encountered one obscure file format that the TV hasn't been able to play. It will even play .mkv files!There have only been a few downfalls to this TV. From the time I turned it on for the first time, there has been a buzzing noise emitting from the screen. I can't pinpoint the exact location, but you can hear it when you would like to have the volume lower (like when our baby is taking a nap). Apparently this has been an ongoing issue with Samsung TV's, and it seems that I have been one of the latest victims. I am still unsure how I am going to handle this buzz (take it back to Best Buy or call Samsung).This is probably expected with how thin these displays are, but the sound is pretty tinney and doesn't have a lot of quality. Most people will probably want to purchase a sound bar or have a home theater set up, like I do, so it really isn't that big of a deal.The only other thing, which is inherent in plasma screens (no matter what the companies tell you), is burning images. I've read all over the internet that modern plasma displays are not supposed to be susceptible to this problem, but let me tell you, if you leave your DVR paused for more than a few minutes on a bright screen or an image with a prominent network icon (Discovery Channel HD), you will definitely see an image for a little while. The TV has features to minimize or allow the pixels to "unburn" itself, but you need to be careful anyways.So far I have really enjoyed the PN50C7000, I would definitely recommend it, but will always caution the buzzing.