I've had this TV for 3 days now.  I'm not going to go into great detail on the picture quality, because other reviews have commented on how good it is.  The purpose of this review is to be a data point for a buzzing set.  I have the latest firmware, the ferrite cores installed around the power cord, and the tv is sitting away from the wall.  It BUZZES, plain and simple.  If you're anywhere in front of the TV itself, it can be heard.  If you move your head beyond the bezel of the TV, the buzzing goes away almost 100%.  I sit 15 feet away and can clearly hear it during low volume.  I'm trying to keep the volume loud enough to drown it out, but during quiet scenes I hear it.  It's a very high pitched frequency.  My parents cannot hear it (56 years old), but I clearly can (27 years old).  My girlfriend can hear it but she says it doesn't bother her.  It bothers me, to the point where I am not enjoying the TV.I contacted ABT (one of the sellers listed here on Amazon) and they simply state "all plasmas buzz."  While that is true to an extent, they don't buzz like this model.  Both of my brother's have plasmas.  One is a 58b550 that doesn't buzz like this, the other is a 60" Pioneer Kuro that doesn't buzz like this.  I have a Samsung tech coming out soon, but I'm fairly confident on what will be said, either a) it's a normal sound or b) I'll need a complete new panel.  I don't want either.  I want to return the set and exchange it for the same model with hopefully a newer build date to see if the issue has been addressed.  If not I'll move on to a different TV.If you aren't able to hear extremely high frequency sounds, then you'll fall in love with this TV.  If you can hear it, and you have the TV positioned so you sit in front of it at eye level, it will bother you.  If you mount it above eye level so that the bottom of the bezel is above your eyes, you will not hear it.I really wish this set didn't buzz.  It's an awesome TV aside from the horrendous noise it emits.  It's sleek, attractive, runs cool in comparison to other plasmas, decent black levels, excellent color reproduction, great video processing, but oh man, the buzzing.I hope this review helps others to make sure beforehand that they can/can't hear this type of buzzing.  Hopefully it will save you the headache that I am currently going through.