Purchased the Samsung LNT 4061F from Amazon a few weeks ago.  Choose "White Glove" shipping.  The set arrived in the timeframe Amazon anticipated.  I called Eagle and arranged delivery.  They delivered the set on time, brought it in the house, unboxed it and placed it on the stand.  I asked if we should at least plug it in and verify that it could boot up.  The driver said no, that wasn't part of their "White Glove" service, just delivery, unpacking and lifting in place.After the driver left I plugged it in and hooked it up to the Comcast Cable HDTV Digital Set Top box using component cables.  It seemed to work OK, but I had some problems, like the volume comtrol would not scroll up.  I had to press the remote button for each step and sometimes when pressing the button the set would power off.  After many attempts at getting both the cable remote and the Samsung remote to work, I tried the switches on the side and front of the LCD TV.  Nothing.  The switches didn't work, but the set would work with the remote.Called Samsung Support and they set up a dispatch for repair under warranty.  I did not attempt to send the set back for a replacement.  A few days later the repair tech came out and did a professional job taking the set back off and replacing the power switch board and cables.  It appears that one of the cables got crimped when the back cover was installed.  That fixed the switches and even the remote volume problem went away.Now I am trying to get the HDMI cable to work.  No luck so far.  Don't know if the problem is with the Samsung LCD or the Comcast 4240HDC Set Top Box.  The HDMI input has noisy audio and the video took a few minutes to finally come in and was grainy with green snow.  So went back to the five component and audio 8 foot cables, instead of the preferred 3M HDMI cable.Overall, the order process, deliver, etc went as hoped, no real problems.  The Samsung 4061 has a beautiful picture and I guess that the crimped cable wasn't the end of the world.  (Should have been caught in final test though...)  Would or will I order the next big TV over the internet?  Possibly.  But with these big screen TVs and all of the connections, it would be nice to have "one throat to choke", as they say!