I was so excited to get this TV after reading glowing reviews.  This TV is beautiful sitting in my living room and the picture is amazing.  Unfortunately, I'm having issues with my TV and my experience with Samsung customer service has been fruitless, frustrating and unacceptable.  Here are the issues I'm having with my TV:1.  The 3D effect is neat when it works. It looks better in low contrast scenes when the "ghosting" is not as noticeable. It seems I have the dreaded issue of my glasses "losing sync" with my Samsung 3D HDTV. I find that I frequently have to turn the glasses off and then back on to re-sync them with the TV. They seem to lose sync randomly and not usually at the same time. You can tell when they lose sync because the coloring becomes distorted and the 3D effect is lost and the picture becomes blurry. This seems to be a common occurrence (if you Google "Samsung 3D", sync issues are at the top of the list) but when I've called Samsung customer support they seem surprised that I'm having issues.  I've had my 3D TV and 3D glasses for almost 2 months and have made a dozen calls to Samsung and spent HOURS on the phone and still don't have a replacement set of glasses. All I've gotten so far are scripted apologies.2.  Burn in is not the concern it used to be with plasmas, but the risk still exists.  I watch Blu-ray movies, but unfortunately I'm unable to choose an aspect ratio that removes the black bars from the top and the bottom of the screen.  There is a zoom option that would remove the bars, but it is dithered (unselectable) when using HDMI cables.  Recently I've been noticing a minor amount of screen burn in from the bars.  I'm concerned what this will look like after a year or two (I've only had my TV for about two months).  Samsung customer service suggested I use analog cables to remedy the issue... losing a noticeable amount of picture quality in the process.  Once again I received a scripted apology but nothing useful.  They are supposed to pass the concern along to the designers.3.  Intermittent picture loss occurs for about three to five seconds regardless of input setting.  This occurs randomly a couple/ few times an hour whether I'm trying to enjoy Comcast, my PS3 or even some of the built in applications.  Once again I contacted customer service and was unsatisfied with the interaction.  Samsung informed me they could send a technician but if the problem didn't occur while the technician was there he couldn't fix it or trouble shoot it.Would I have purchased this TV in hindsight?  No!  Would I recommend this TV or any Samsung product to a friend in light of their customer service (or lack thereof)?  No!