Two months ago, I finally made the leap from SD to HDTV.  With as much TV as I watch, I'm not quite sure what took me so long.  This is the TV I got, and I'm loving it.I live in a condo with a small living room, so this seemed like the perfect size to me.  Compared to my old 27 inch TV, the size is an amazing improvement.  Yet it isn't too overwhelming for my room.Even though the room is small, I wanted something that wouldn't distort if you were viewing it from an angle.  The plasma screen was perfect for that, and I've been very happy.In fact, the HD pictures are so sharp it is amazing to watch.  At times, it still takes my breath away.  I'm actually disappointed now when a show is in regular definition only.  I had to play with the settings when I first got it home to find the ones I liked, but once I did, it looks amazing.  The 720P resolution is great for my needs, and the 15000:1 contrast makes pictures look sharp.  And the regular programming looks great as well, although it is more obvious when the source material is poor then on my old TV.Plasma screens are notorious for their glare, and that is something I considered long and hard before I bought this TV.  There isn't much I can do after the afternoon sun my living room gets (except close the blinds, of course), but the two halogen lamps I have create less glare on this TV then the on my old tube television.I will admit I found the sound to be less then outstanding.  It's adequate, but seems to be awfully quiet.  Additionally, sometimes when I play the sound through my surround sound system, I get a half second difference between the two.  It's not enough to make the lips off, but enough to be annoying.  Naturally, I solve this by turning down the sound on my TV and just using my surround speakers.The TV has features designed to decrease the amount of screen burn in.  Personally, I watch most things in stretch mode (I know, I know), and I haven't had a problem with burn in yet.It only took until I was done playing with the system to have me completely sold.  You can bet I will be enjoying this TV for a long time to come.