I was looking at an LCD 3D TV but didn't like the price compared to a closely sized Plasma version. After researching the picture quality between LCD and plasma formats, I am convinced that the plasma is by far a better picture. There is far less pixelization with the plasma and the picture is smoother and more lucid. The contrast ratio is 5,000,000:1. I don't think that is attainable with an LCD. In general, this is a GREAT TV. The Amazon price is a steal compared to buying it at Bestbuy. Not having to fork out $90 in Maryland sales tax to our thief Governor gave me even greater satisfaction.In regards to this buzzing sound, either I'm deaf (I lost my hearing the day I got married) or there is no buzzing sound. I'm using the TV speakers and maybe this buzzing sound stems from those people who are amplifying their audio through external speakers. Could be feedback or just bad cables/ connections. The only drawback I have about this TV is all the connections are on the far left edge of the TV panel, not the rear. Since all my peripherals are to the right of the TV I had to purchase longer cables.Not a big deal though I've seen people give bad ratings for reasons like this. Just because they're technically-challenged is no reason to give a TV a bad review.A few other things...For the wireless USB adapter you do not need to use a Samsung brand network adapter. My Linksys wireless-N (WUSB600N model) works with this TV. Be careful in setting up your wireless network adapter. If you use a NON Samsung adapter DO NOT enable the 'Samsung Wireless Link" in the network settings menu. I accidentally enabled this setting and, for some reason, could not disable it after it recognized the Linksys Adapter. Apparently, this is a software glitch that may be corrected in a future firmware upgrade. I had a "painless" chat session with a samsung representative and the only way to correct the problem is to re-set the TV back to it's original manufacturer settings. You won't find these instructions in the Owners Manual. If you ever need to do this, hold down the "Exit" button for 20 seconds while pointing it at the TV.Finally.....the 3D. This TV upconverts any 2D broadcast into 3D simply by pressing the "3D" button. This is simulated 3D, not true 3D, but there is a noticeable dimensional effect. It's nice but it's more of a novelty and I find that I'm not reaching for those 3D glasses as often as I used to.