I purchased this T.V. in Dec 10, I was replacing a Samsung 46" that had turned into a nightmare from the day I ordered it. So needless to say I was very leary, read every review I could find and finaly bought this Sony. From the moment the power came on for the first time I knew I had made an Excellent choice.Set up was a breeze, as is flipping between the well placed and ported cable boxes, dvd players, apple T.V. Etc. from the remote. The remote is for me comfortable and easy to use. Clearly marked soft keys that light up in blue make even low or no lighting adjustments quick and easy. Sync's to other Sony products seamlessly with very minimal effort. With all of the adjustments, modes, cinema, and a powerhouse behind running it all, after almost 6 mos of watching this I am still blown away by the crispness and clarity of the picture. Once you find that personal setting that usually takes me several hours of nit picky tweaking I implore you to find a better picture from a model of the time frame.I can not comment on the actual set speaker quality since from day one it has been run through a sony surround sound. I really like the "floating like" design and this is a very stylish T.V. on or off, and would be perfectly at home in any style of interrior. The viewing angle in my experience has been consistent and beautiful from pretty much any angle. I have not noticed much if any glare or at least nothing distracting enough to catch my eye or distract me.NOW mind you I ordered this T.V. refurbished, which concerned me a great deal considering I had already gone thru the ringer and then some on the previous Samsung. I AM VERY HAPPY to say not a single problem so far. I had to wipe the T.V. down to take some fingerprints off the frame (I assume from being repacked) but other than that not a single scratch on it. As a side note there was not one fingerprint on the screen. I also as a safety precaution did add the 3 year extended warranty through here when I purchased it.To sum it up if you are looking for an amazing picture from a trusted brand at a very reasonable price then this is the one. I am still thrilled with this purchase and think I will be for several years to come.