We purchased this product because Amazon indicated it was a great price with the best quality.  It is far from best quality in picture, connecting to internet, 100% dependency on remote control and especially very weak channel info.To be fair it is being compared to a 6 year old Samsung 52".  The Samsung always had an immediate good picture and when a black and white movie was on a simple picture display fixed the darkness.  The screen always had a real black background, the visio has absolutely no all-black background even though it says it does. We enjoy antennae TV and the Samsung shows what is, and will-be, playing on each station without clicking on the channel.  The Visio only shows what is currently playing on the channel being watched.  The Samsung has well hidden touch buttons that let you control the TV without the remote. The Visio cannot even be turned off without the remote (LOSE THE REMOTE AND YOU HAVE TO UNPLUG THE TV TO TURN IT OFF).  The Samsung will be playing a Blue Ray disc or other Connection and when your done you can simply click the channel up/down and it moves the connection to regular TV and the Visio needs to be guided through multiple steps to reconnect to the channels. The Samsung remote works pointing it anywhere in the direction of the TV even 20 feet away and the Visio remote only works pointing it at the lower left corner and you have to be close.  I have spent a lot of time (hours on and off during over 12 movie sessions) trying to get a decent picture but the contrast has never hit 'B' quality and the Samsung spoiled us with 'A+' quality.Now - Smart TV.  The bragging right was how wonderful it is to connect to the internet.  The Visio found the Wireless exactly like the few weak pages of instructions showed and it connected.  But NONE of the Internet apps can find an internet connection.  The error is there is no internet connection - yet - even the very very weak detailed manual that is built into the TV shows the Visio is indeed connected to the internet with great bandwidth.  There is no blockage on the router so the problem is 100% Visio. The troubleshooting section of the manual for the apps indicate to connect to the internet (no help).I have not called anyone because we have other access means to Smart apps that always worked wireless and no issues (on a Samsung Blue Ray).This is the 1st major disappointment with Amazon's reviews and we have shared our dislike with Visio to family and friends.  The dislike is how it is missing important options and a quality screen.