We ordered the Sharp Aquos LC46-D92U on the internet, since all local stores were pushing the D82U model to clear their stock.  In addition, we saved a few hundred dollars in the process.  The TV was brand new, not a refurbished model.  Many local stores incorrectly inform customers that internet purchases are refurbs and that is how they sell at a reduced price.  Just remember that the internet stores will not accept a return on screens this large.  The Sharp TV worked just fine for two hours and then developed a bright blue line just left of center, stopping half way up the display.  I immediately called Sharp and took six digital pictures of the problem and E-mailed them to their technical service department.  In a couple of days Sharp called and informed me that a brand new replacement would be shipped and the defective one would be picked up at zero cost.One week later the delivery truck stopped at our house right on time.  The new D92U (manufactured in November 2007) was set up and the defective one was boxed up, no questions asked.  We waited for eight hours before we plugged it in so that the TV would be at room temperature.  The picture was perfect and the sound was very good - I do not use the simulated surround setting.  In my opinion the Sharp LC46-D92U picture beats even the fifth generation Sony XBR picture.  Sony still lists response times @ 8 msec in their specifications.  I research everything before I buy.  Internet purchases do not always proceed without problems and local store purchases are not always smooth sailing either.  I just want you to know that Sharp does stand behind the Aquos products and that I am thrilled with the performance of this set.  Read the book and go through the setup screens step by step.  I used HDMI cables for all hookups.  I have a Sony Blu-Ray and a Toshiba HD DVD player and both work equally well.  Direct TV in HD is exceptional.  Returns on these high tech displays by all manufacturers are not that uncommon.  There are many good products to choose from, but for the money Sharp cannot be beat.  I would not trade this set for anything that Sony or Samsung has to offer.  I hope that this short review helps in your buying decision.