I just recently purchased this HDTV for my parents for this Christmas.  I decided to go ahead and set up in their room while are out of town and give it to them early.  I've been very pleased with the performance of this television.  I currently don't have an HD Receiver hooked up to so I can't comment completely on the 720p, but I did happen to see hooked with HD programming in the store and compared to the other sets of the same size, this one looks wonderful!  Even watching standard definition programming looks stellar!  The 22" size is just perfect for a bedroom too and it fits inside my parents armoire perfectly.  I'm coming from a 15" television in there as well, so it's a huge upgrade!But it basically is the size of not being really larger but also not being too small.  You can make out everything on the screen really well, and the way the colors are broadcast is in a really rich and sharp way.  And the absolute best part is the sound! It's just unbelievable for such a small set.  They have some sort of special sound on them called "Clear Voice", I believe, and it really shines.  When the background noise on whatever show your watching goes up, the television then boosts the people's dialogue that are speaking, so you can clearly at a good volume hear everyone talking on the show.  And it's just really crisp and very loud.  And this is an important thing to take into account when buying smaller HDTV's.  I've noticed the Samsung of the same size and resolution just has a horrible speaker set up that doesn't come close to matching how good the LG's sound is.  YOu don't even have to turn it up loud to get a grand volume.Overall this is just an amazing buy!  If you're going small there really is no need for anything larger than 720p, because at this size you really can't tell the difference in the resolutions. And like I said above, even on standard definition programming, the picture shines! I would say that the price is not perfect, because I've seen similar sets go for $250 that are about the same quality.  I payed $279 for mine, but with the quality I really think it's money well spent.  For yourself or for a present this is a great buy and I highly recommend it!!!