I've only written two reviews of any kind before as I either have to be really upset or really impressed.  This is one impressive TV in this price range! Believe me when I say I did tons of research and reviewing before purchasing this TV.  When you add Amazon's Free Shipping and No Tax, you will set this up (in about 20 minutes or less) and feel like you've robbed them.  Shipped two days earlier than advertised with shipper bringing this into my home and my unpacking for inspection before he left! That's service!  Setup is very well illustrated and described and easy to understand and install. I'm using this in our Master Bedroom and it's the perfect size for that. I've ordered the wall mount but as now using on it's stand which is plenty sturdy.  Basic Picture tweaking is very easy and the results are superb.  I have a 52 inch LG in my "man cave" and while the display is larger, it isn't any better. Sound is very good with some decent Equalizer controls. The sound can be very loud, but the lower volume is quite comfortable.  Both Digital Regular and HD has deep blacks and vivid details.  A real joy to watch! I've used the photo and MP3 USB port for background music in my home and both the JPEG and MP3 player are awesome. I'm a bit enhanced as I have a Bose Surround Sound Theatre and wireless home system that really sets this baby off.  But this TV is great without any sound help as well. The remote works great from our distance of about 12 feet.  This set doesn't have a lot of Bells and Whistles, but it has all the essentials with 2 HDMI ports, 2 HD Component ports and a PC input if you have proper DVI hardware.  I only need the 2 HDMI's so these weren't important.  There is one note however from the advertisement that is wrong.  The USB only plays MP3's and JPEG photos, it DOES NOT play any videos at all. Again, this was no issue to me. Lastly, for the size and watching distance of a second television, the 720 dpi rivals my 1080 52" LG. If I were wanting big room display, I may not choose this one, but for this size, this is the very most bang for your buck out there.  Trust me, I researched and reviewed many long and hard hours before this decision and it paid off.  I've done all the researching for you..........if you are in the least tempted by this TV........buy it for Price, Service, Quality, Ease of Use, and Free Shipping. You won't go wrong with this TV at this price!!