This was our first Vizio television--and probably our last.  It's a shame because it has a fantastic picture that rivals televisions twice its price.  The issues we had echo some of the sentiments many reviewers on here have for this TV.The first night we used it, we noticed the volume level would increase and decrease wildly, many times within the same commercial or show.  This was way more noticeable than the usual show-to-commercial volume increase that we're all accustomed to.  This Vizio set was to replace our 42" Samsung plasma which we moved to another room.  The Samsung did not share these audio issues.  Also, while watching a show, the audio on the Vizio cut out completely, and would only be restored if we changed the channel or restarted the TV.  This happened on three occasions so far in the week we owned it.  Turning off the SRS TruVolume feature did help, but fluctuations in volume were still noticeable.We also experienced the TV powering off by itself, which on one occasion happened shortly after changing channels where the screen flashed for a moment then the TV shut off.  The other time it happened we were in the middle of a show with no one touching the remote.  For what its worth, we are using an HDMI connection from our cable box--which was the same setup as our older Samsung, which again, had no problems whatsoever.Another issue, while not as important, is that the tuner for this TV is very slow.  If you're a channel surfer, don't bother with this TV.  After changing channels, it normally takes up to 5 seconds for the picture to come up (the wait is usually shorter on non-HD channels).  Its known that HDMI connections cause a little more delay for HDTVs to produce a picture on the screen when first turning on the screen or changing channels, but our 4-year old Samsung HDTV was far quicker in displaying the picture than this brand-new Vizio.What kept this TV from getting a 1-star review was the price and the great picture quality.  Checking the Vizio website, there doesn't seem to be any type of firmware update for this TV, so we're thinking if the TV has these types of problems right out of the box (which other people are obviously having as well), we're just going to avoid any other headaches and send it back.