Well I purchased the Samsung 55 inch 8000 series LED LCD. After months of research and comparing it to Sony, this LCD has one of the best image quality in the market. Watching Blu ray on this LCD is just awesome. In terms of picture quality it beats the Sony Z series and all the Sony series, however the Sony XBR is almost the same as this.The sound is really not that bad if you look at how slim this LCD is, so you can connect it to a sound bar or Bose cinemate. Another thing is that this does not have digital audio out, and only has a 3.5m stereo audio out. You need to buy a cable tree to RCA to connect to a home theatre or sound bar.It comes with a lot of other drawbacks as well and sometimes I wonder if I should have gone with a Sony. The 240hz is just a gimmick. I am very sure the 120hz does the job so no need to consider this. As for the 2ms pixel response time on the 8000 is also one thing that a human eye cannot tell the difference. The 7000 series 4ms response time is the same. These are tactics to sell the units.I am very sensitive to Motion blur, and the reason I bought the 8000 was so that I don't regret buying the 7000. But I was wrong. It clearly makes sense to buy the 7000 series as it will do the same job with the 120hz. But I have to say in Motion especially while watching analogue channels and sports channels, Sony XBR and Z series do the job perfectly. Nothing can beat a Sony in motion delivery. My next LCD will be a Sony because of Motion issues with Samsungs.Also another thing to note is the reflection on this LCD. It is a lot especially for my apartment as I have floor to ceiling windows. But since I have curtains it is not that bad. But still Sony are better in this category as well.And lastly i would say that the 8500 series is almost out now, so anyone buying the 8000 should wait and go for the local dimming LED technology in the 8500 series. But if you cant wait, then buy the 7000 series and not the 8000 series as difference is minimal. But if you can afford then go for the XBR Sony.