I bought this TV from Best Buy last month as my first HDTV after much research.  Samsung's name always came up among the best TVs out there and this one was in my price range with the features I wanted.  I wanted LED and edge-lit was the only option in my budget.  I honestly don't know if mine was defective or if it's just normal for edge-lit LED, but I was unimpressed.  The first day I had it, I noticed the flashlighting in the corners and clouding all along the left bezel.  For weeks I tried to live with it, and read forums enough to know that flashlighting and clouding can be normal with edge-lighting.  But I didn't spend $1000 to have a TV I couldn't watch at night without noticing problems.  So I contacted Samsung's warranty service, and they were very nice.  But the first two times I spoke with them, they outright lied about it.  The first rep told me it was from compression in the box and would go away after a few weeks.  The second rep said to turn down the backlight to 7 for a week and it would fix it.  Finally, I put in a repair request and the local Samsung authorized repair place called me.  He told me that the suggestions from the Samsung reps were not true at all, and he encouraged me to return the TV rather than go through the repair process.  (He was very nice and helpful.)  I returned it to Best Buy and they couldn't see the problems in their bright store.  But eventually, they gave me my money back.  (I would bet they put that TV right back on the shelf though.)Though in daylight the TV had good color, the flashlighting and clouding were unacceptable at night.  Also, I was disappointed in the viewing angles.  It washed out very quickly if you sat just a little to the side.After returning this one, I ordered the Vizio xvt473sv from Amazon and it's amazing!  (See my review on it.)  It was almost the same price for full array LED, has better viewing angles, and way more options.  I have a Samsung Epic phone - which I love - and blueray player too.  I would definitely buy Samsung products still, but may stay away from edge-lit LEDs altogether.  What good is an HDTV if the picture is inconsistent across the panel?