I recently received the 40" XBR4 and set it up.  Setup was very easy, the back panel is very non-cluttered (and flat) which is nice.The picture looks great with minor tweaking. Sound is very good although I hooked it up to HT system so do not use the internal speakers any longer.My only complaint is that while the blacks overall are quite good, I have very noticeable (verging on annoying) "cloudiness" when the screen fully dark, e.g., during a nighttime or space scene.  The cloudiness is areas that are not nearly as black as other parts of the screen.  Particularly noticeable is a big puffy area in the lower right quadrant, and two almost identical "beams" of non-blackness that streak down from the upper right and upper left corners, almost like shadows from "spotlights" glowing down from each corner of the TV (the upper right corner being a bit worse than the upper left).  In other words, in dark scenes, the black background is not at all uniform and no amount of adjustment seems to correct the issue.  If I had to guess, it has something to do with the way the screen platter was laid down and mounted since slight pressure on the screen (as with all LCDs) causes brightness distortion; I dont think the screen frame was evenly tensioned. Also, the very very edge of the screen is black but just an inch or so in from the edge it is lighter around the circumference of the TV, again hinting at uneven tension on the platter. This is aside from the clouds and beams described above.The picture during lighted scenes is phenomenal. I am only disappointed by the very noticeable and non-uniform dark screen performance.  I think if a Sony engineer took a look at it they would definitely see where improvement could be made. I am not at all an "audio or videophile" but I noticed the dark non-uniformity within 60 seconds of turning on the TV.So I give the TV a 4/5 overall picture, but a 1/5 on dark screen performance.  A buddy just ordered the 46" version I will ve VERY interested to see how his black screen looks.I hope this information is helpful.