I bought this product back in 2010 as a Christmas gift for the entire family. I explicitly picked Samsung over other brands for its reputation of being a quality brand.For the first year or so the TV was OK - I mean, it's just a TV, right? You expect to turn it on, watch whatever it is you want to watch, turn it off, repeat for several years. Correct? Well, not so fast.Shortly after the warranty expired, the TV started to have an occasional problem with image - deep black started to display as maroon, so dark scenes would appear to be covered in blood. No big deal - it happened once in a while, and turning the TV off and back on would make the problem go away, so I didn't make much of it. Except that over time the problem got worse, and the old trick of turning the TV off stopped working.At this point I contacted tech support to complain about the issue, and they directed me to a an authorized repair shop. I called them, and they wanted to charge me $250 just for the visit, and fixing the issue would cost anywhere between $500 and $1,200. In other words, it could cost me almost as much as a new TV. I contacted Samsung again to see if they would be willing to cover at least the cost of the visit, but no luck.After some Google research, I tinkered with the image settings, and this helped reduce the problem. Unfortunately it was just a matter of time before the problem started to happen again, getting worse over time. I contacted Samsung through their Facebook support page, they emailed me a few questions, and then told me the same story: out of warranty, contact an authorized repair shop. I told them about my past experience, and tried to reason with them to arrive to some reasonable compromise, but after numerous email exchanges I asked to be directed to the person's supervisor. The reply I got back was that she was the supervisor, so at this point, I'm completely out of luck.There are basically two things I can do at this point: 1) Never buy Samsung again; and 2) Write this review, so other people have fair warning.