Overall, I'm happy with this TV. I wouldn't call myself a videophile, but the picture quality is quite good to my eyes. Although it's an edge lit LCD, I see no signs of flashlighting, clouding, etc. The black is quite consistant. I had been a bit concerned about buying an edge lit, but I'm glad I did. There aren't as many color controls as on some models, but it should be good enough for most. The audio is OK - nothing special. Bass isn't as strong as I'd like. But I had planned to hook it up to my stereo, so no big loss there for me. Netflix works pretty well. The interface isn't quite as slick as my xbox, but I do find myself using it. Pandora works well, though it locked up once on me. Youtube works well too. There are plenty of inputs. It doesn't support wifi w/o an adapter, but I knew that before I bought, and have it hardwired. DLNA support is pretty good. I have streamed a few movies from my ReadyNas without problems.A few things that annoyed me:1) I had seen in several places references to this TV supporting Sony Internet Widgets. Some references (including Sony's website) said it supported them, and some said it would some time in April. As of now (late May, 2011), it does NOT. These are different than Netflix,Pandora, Youtube, etc, which work fine. I've had at least two firmware updates since I hooked the TV up, but still no widgets. <Update>This came in an update back around June - I never use them.2) The user interface isn't very consistant - there are two or three interfaces hobbled together. The main interface is pretty slick, but it used a different one with a different background for Internet video - the colors used don't really work well together. The interface for the video looks like that from my BlueRay player, so I think they just reused it without a re-skin.3) Web browsing is useless. The controls are clunky, it's slow, and on a big page, it can run out of memory. There's no flash support.4)  The latest HDMI specs support controlling components over HDMI. Sony claims support (they call it "Sync") but ONLY for sony products. I can control my BlueRay, but not my non-sony stereo. This isn't a huge loss either, since I'm using a Harmony remote, but others might be more annoying to others.5) (Not Sony's fault) Harmony doesn't support this TV yet (or didn't as of February) - I set it up as a EX500 instead, but had to add a LOT of custom buttons.