Just got this tv on Friday 11/2/11, had some issues with the freight company that delivered it.  Pilot freight did a good job of communicating and setting things up, issues came up with the local delivery company to finish the delivery to my door.  After a half dozen phone calls and thinking it wouldn't be delivered until the next week - the trucking company came through and delivered.  We replaced our old Panasonic 58Pz800U with the tc-60gt30. Our old tv weighed in at about 137 pounds and this one is about 83. . .  Huge difference in weight and the amount they were able to reduce it's depth is astounding.  Looking at this tv at a big box store does not do it justice.  We did just that prior to ordering it online and the quality in my house with my Onkyo receiver and my cables is about 5 times better than at the store.The tv was not unboxed / powered on at delivery because it is only 25 degrees here outside.  Made me a little leery, but I knew this ahead of time so it wasn't a surprise.  We decided to mount the tv to the wall instead of using the stand that came with it.  The wall mounting was easy - definitely a three person job though to do it carefully and to not damage the tv.After it was mounted and the hdmi cable installed and ran to receiver, powered on tv and went thru the setup process.  Painless and easy to do.  There was a small issue with getting it to register the network for wifi - remember the password for wifi is case sensitive! It did recognize the wifi after I realized my mistake and then the rest of the setup was easy.  I changed the video settings to the THX mode and all I can say is WOW!  Everything just popped, the picture was so much more vibrant and colorful than standard.  Our old panasonic had a beautiful picture, this one blows it away.This set is actually smaller than our old tv, but has 2 more visible inches due to Panasonic decreasing the size of the bezel around the outside edges.  We haven't used any of the online Viera tools yet, but briefly looked at them to see if they would work fine.I hooked up the TV through an Onkyo NX-709 receiver that also has THX sound certification along with 3D capability.  I also made sure to buy the newest HDMI cables to go with my DVR and PS3 for the highest quality picture transfer on blu ray and 3D.  Definitely don't go for the 75$ cables, the 10$ cables do just as good of a job.I am definitely happy with my purchase from Amazon for the black friday special of 1639$.  Highly recommend this set based on my impressions this weekend.  I was very hesitant about buying such a large item / big purchase on Amazon but it worked out perfectly.