I've owned plasma, lcd and projector HDTV's and recently purchased this LG 42" set. I'm very impressed with the overall picture quality.Great image quality and very accurate colors after tweaking the attributes a bit.I haven't tested it with a CRT monitor, but gaming lag seems very low.Amazing clarity and sharpness, works very well as a PC Monitor using HDMI.I believe the setting "Just Scan" is 1:1 pixel mapping.120hz for Sports! It's great! I don't like it at all for any other viewing other than sports. The Trumotion 120hz feature can be disabled or enabled at any time. It creates a rather unnatural looking "Live Shoot" "Home Video" kind of effect--but it works well with live action sporting events such as football. In 60hz mode this LCD performs well with sports but you'll notice slightly blurry, slightly pixellated "artifacts" when a football player is running (certain camera angles are worse/better) pixellated turf at times, etc. It's not hugely noticeable but it's there when you really focus on it in fast motion sports. The Trumotion feature almost eliminates these artifact/blur issues, I leave it on during NFL games--yes the commercials look a bit weird with it, but for the live action game I love it.Black level could be better, some backlight flashlighting on an all-black background--one of the tradeoffs with many LCD's.Cooler than a plasma which heats up a smaller room, great (almost too much so) clarity and definition compared even to most plasmas (plasmas usually have a slightly softer definition that many believe looks more natural)Lower resolution standard TV and even lower res pictures on a PC suffer, this baby loves 720p/1080p/1080i and general high res content.Excellent "tweakability" the controls are great for getting the picture you want. Many different modes, cinema with warmer hues, game mode with all specialty controls turned off, and one thing I love is this TV remembers your picture settings per input. A lot of tv's in this range don't do this. Tweak the Cinema picture setting on your Blu Ray HDMI 1? It remembers those settings for that HDMI 1 input and all other inputs when you switch inputs.