We've had the Aquos TV for a few weeks at this date and are very happy with the picture quality for standard DirecTV, DVD, and PC viewing.  We have not upgraded to an HD feed yet, but we were honestly surprised by the improved picture of standard DirecTV versus our previous television (standard CRT).Pluses:1) We have found the A/V box design to be great for hiding all the input cables.2) Sharp offers a couple of different stretch modes to choose from.3) There are 6 input sources and ability to assign custom names to each.4) The unit remembers the volume, stretch, and picture settings for each input source.  Sounds like a small thing but it is really appreciated by us.5) The Sharp menus and remote are nicely designed.6) Speakers sound good for listening to regular content.7) TV outputs for video capture.8) Aesthetically pleasing.9) Vivid pictures!10) The stand allows the screen to swivel and pivot for optimum positioning.  The degrees of rotational are small but effective.11) Works very well for PC viewing.12) Placement of the control buttons on top of the panel work nice for us.Minuses:1) Only one S-Video input and it is on the front of the A/V box. Won't be an issue after we upgrade our DirecTV receiver but it seems like an oversight not to include one s-Video input on the back of the A/V box.2) 1080p support is questionable.  This may be an issue in the future as true 1080 becomes widely available.  Perhaps the A/V box can be upgraded.3) Expensive.  We originally wanted a 37" TV but could not justify the price.  However, we were so pleased with all the features mentioned above that we went with the smaller 32" versus other less expensive products.4) We are not using all input sources, it would be nice if we could disable the unused inputs so they would not appear in the menu.5) Faint fan noise in the A/V box (this is probably a nit, it's only detectable if TV is muted).Thanks to all the previous reviewers on this product and other products.  The customer feedback really helped us make and informed decision.  It can get confusing with all the different display technologies available.  Also, some products have known defects that you will only learn about from internet research.