I have been looking for a small TV to put in my bedroom and to double as a computer monitor. I put this in my Amazon cart when it was only $200, but it went up to $250, so I kept looking. Then I missed the Gold Box Deal of a Panasonic Viera 26" for only $250. (VERY disappointed) Later at Wal-Mart I stumbled upon this one again for $248 and decided to buy it and finally end my hunt. I'm a pretty generous rater on Amazon, but if I wasn't I'd probably give it a 3-star.What I like:- Works great as a computer monitor and automatically adjusts to the differing aspect ratio of my computer games- Two HDMI ports is nice for a small TV (I don't use them yet but I'm sure I will in the future)- Buttons are located on the side of the front panel within easy reach--you don't have to wrap your hand around.- Inputs and outputs located in the side are pretty deep--enough that the cords are easily concealedWhat I dislike:- The VIZIO logo glows white when on and can't be turned off (though it's pretty dim, not distracting), worse yet it glows orange when the TV's off. IT'S A TV, NOT A MICROWAVE. That can't be turned off either.- There is no letterbox zoom. So if you're wantching a widescreen program on a standard definition connection, the picture is stretched horizontally AND has horizontal bars.- Speakers are horrible. I don't care much because I have been plugging speakers in to the headphone jack.- No RCA audio out. You have to use the headphone and get a 3.5mm to RCA if you have a stereo or something similar. There is however an optical out for a home theater.- Remote is kind of cheap looking and is not universal (but this isn't expected on a small set).- Only one composite video--I know it's outdated, but it's still pretty common.- The only reason it's called an ECO TV is because it exceeds Energy Star guidelines by 15%. Woohoo. Big deal. For all I know, all LCD TVs do. I thought maybe it was made from recycled material or maybe NOT IN CHINA. (But that won't happen until pigs fly).List of inputs and outputs for those who are curious (It's so impossible to find online)HDMI in X2HDMI RCA audio inVGA in (RGB PC)PC audio in (3.5mm)Component + audio inCoaxial inComposite video/S-Video + RCA audio (all on side)Optical/SPDIF outHeadphone out (on side)There is also a 3-prong (looks like DC power kinda) connection that says SERVICE as well as one that is USB.Overall--great buy for the price.