I've pretty much been afraid to jump into the flat screen market with all of the talk of these TV's lasting around 7 to 10 years.  I replaced a Sony Wega XBR tube TV which has given me no problems.  The Sony was a CRT which have been known to go on forever.  It was a 40" when watching standard def TV and 34" when watching anything in HD.Once I got a chance to see this TV at some of my local electronics stores I was floored at the clarity and depth this set had.  We'd seen a friends Samsung flat screen which wasn't an LED & were amazed at the 3-D effect you get by watching their unbelievably high dynamic contrast ratios (when compared to anything else on the market at this price point). I researched for a few months before deciding on the Samsung UN55B8000.  I know there is an 8500 series with backlit LED's & that can dim and brighten seperately (local dimming), but after looking at both I couldn't justify spending an extra $1700 on top of what the 8000 cost.After spending countless hours price searching locally & on the web I couldn't even come close to the price I paid at Amazon!  Once you throw in free shipping with in home delivery through Pilot delivery services and three year interest free financing with the Amazon store card... it was a no-brainer for me.p.s.  You will hear other reviews about the sound not being so great.  It's true.  The speakers are in the back of the TV.  I haven't mounted mine on the wall yet but I can only imagine what the sound will be like then.  A lot of other reviewers also will throw in that if you're spending this much on a flat screen (which I guess are notoriously bad for sound... again this is my first flat screen) that you should spring for a great surround system or at least a sound bar.  I personally don't mind the sound... it just doesn't come from the front of the TV like a lot of people are used to.  Trust me... it's nothing like my Sony.  The sound that came out of it was like having an amazing stero system inside the TV (it's also about 2 feet in depth and weighs 302 lbs!).All in all I love my new Samsung 55" LED TV and would definitely recommend it to anyone who's balking at the decision.