Just got this TV yesterday. Was actually shopping for a DVD upconverter. But decided to upgrade the 2 yr old Insignia 32" 720p.  I like the quick/easy approach, so the First thing I noticed when I tried to hook up my surround speakers was that there is no Headphone jack! Even though that is mentioned on Amazon in the description as a feature.  So now I hope I can find some type of cable to convert the RCA outputs for My speaker system.  I don't expect to upgrade to a new surround setup just for that. If I find any other workaround I'll let you know.  Also I was trying to figure out if I had the latest firmware revision. The manual says to go to Menu/Digital Setup/Identification. Well, how about...this option doesn't exist! So I don't know if I need an update or not. I suppose I have to guess. (I only get the software update option.)  This upscales Std Defn. better than most TVs I have seen, not as grainy. But I am still having a tough time adjusting the greens out of this thing just like the one I noticed in the BB store.  I hoped it was just the way they had adjusted theirs. Also, it is amazing how different the video looks based on the source material. For instance, I was watching a News broadcast the first night and they had 2 interviewees on a split screen. It was amazing how degraded and molten one half of the screen looked and the other half looked decent.  Speaking of which, the blacks, yes they are very black, but my picture often looks too black. I have tried adjusting contrast and brightness various ways, but I'll still get a scene where I feel like it's too dark to see the action. No banding yet. Maybe it's just me.  I am planning to try one of those "Digital Video Essentials" DVD's that were mentioned on one of the forums.  One other thing I seldom see mentioned. These make the most AWESOME PC monitors!!  I love seeing my photos so large and using MediaPlayer visuals!  I don't ever see much info on this type of usage. But that RS232 jack is Gold in my book.  It was even amazing on my old 32". But I did expect this newer, higher-end TV to handle a resolution finer than 1024x768. Hope I just missed a setting somewhere. I'll call Cust. Svc. this week and check them out.  Good luck All !