I just purchased this TV from a local Circuit City on sale for $999 ($100 more than Amazon's current price). I did a lot of research and this TV or other Samsung's in the same line have the best picture quality on the market *for any price*. Even the Sony LCDs that went for almost double this price actually have Samsung screens in them, so go figure. The images are crystal clear on 1080i and the black levels and color reproduction are spot on. You literally cannot go wrong with this TV.  I primarily play video games on this TV, I got it just for my Xbox360. The games look amazing on this TV. The graphics look better than I have ever seen them before. Text in games like Dead Rising is totally sharp and readable. Some games, like PGR, almost look real. Gears of War looks simply unbelievable. Samsung included a 'game mode' on the TV with help from Microsoft engineers which optimizes the picture for Xbox360 HD. It really gives the image a vibrant more arcade look to it.  Don't cheap out and get one of those off-brand HDTVs, its worth the investment. I have seen LCD HDTVs my friends got from random off-brands and there is a noticable difference. Something about the picture on this TV just makes it "pop" more. Some games almost look like 3d. Watching HD discovery channel makes you feel like you are looking out a window on a plane, its that real. Also, the Samsungs handle SD content very well compared to any other LCD HD on the market. I watched some standard DVDs and they almost looked like HD-DVD on this screen. On cheaper sets the SD picture looks very blurry and grainy with compression artifacts. Not here. Everything I plugged in (via component cables) looked great. Even the Nintendo Wii connected through composite still looked decent. Standard SD broadcast programming looked pretty good as well, not much different than watching on a high-end SDTV.If you are looking for an LCD HDTV for under $1000, then this is definately the TV you want to get. Like I said, I have been to multiple stores and looked at just about every HDTV line on the market and this one is the best overall. The picture quality out-of-box is great and after tweaking a few settings it looked amazing. There are a few small annoyances, like it having only one component input, but otherwise its a great TV. The picture is great, the sound is decent, it has a nice remote, the case is very nice looking. I literally couldnt be happier with this TV. I would recommend this set to anyone looking to upgrade to HD. Like I said before, you can't go wrong with this TV.