This is my second 32" LCD television in one month (returned the first one). Am writing this review because I read some really good ones on this site - both favourable as well as very unfavourable. So here it goes:Rating: I have given 5 stars as all my expectations were met.Purchase: From Amazon - Decision was easy because of the price. Shipping was free. Missed a free wall mount offer by just a couple of hours. Nearly $400 less than the Circuitcity price for the same model. At that time, even the other featured Amazon sellers were little more expensive than the Amazon itself. Purchase process was very easy. Got another $30 off as I applied for an Amazon card.Shipping: Amazon ships via EAGLE on which there were very unfavourable remarks about the shipping time and process, BUT I DID NOT EXPERIENCE ANY OF IT. Arrived 10 days earlier than what Amazon said would be the earliest. Item reached me in 3 days from the time that Amazon actually shipped it. Kudos EAGLE. Excellent, smooth service. Amazon does not accept returns on bigger TVs, but lets you inspect and try the TV at the time of delivery before signing the receipt. If there should be any complaints, the shipper would take it back and a refund would be issued. But I took delivery of the TV from the shipper's warehouse itself as I didn't want to wait, and I knew there would be nothing wrong with the Sony from Amazon.TV: Looks the best in its category. Remote looks, as mentioned by others, a little cheap, but functionality is excellent. And then you watch TV and not the remote, right? I had a Sharp 32" until now. The Sharp is very good, I have absolutely no complaints, but the Sony picture and sound feels probably 30-35% better in sharpness, clarity and overall quality. The TV is very user friendly and easy to operate. Analog channels may be a little better on regular CRT TVs but I, for one, have absolutely no complaints. HDTV is astounding. Input decks are easily accessible, particularly as the table top mount is swivel. PC connection is a breeze.Service: 1 year in home warranty from Sony. Tech help through phone is excellent. No reason to doubt the other features. I also got a 2 year service plan from 'NEW'- Price is excellent, compared to Circuit city/BestBuy.K