Overall, I am very pleased with the Samsung LNS4041D 40" Wide LCD HDTV.  I use it with regular cable, HD cable set-top box, DVD, and VCR inputs.  From the set-top box, I am running both S-video and component cables.  I have yet to try an HDMI cable.  I get a good picture with regular cable or VCR inputs, a better picture with with DVD or S-Video, and the best picture with component cables.  I briefly experimented with an amplified antenna before going to HD service from Comcast, but I could only receive 2 HD channels and they were both from PBS.  (HD from Comcast only costs me an extra $6.50 a month which allows me to receive ABC, NBC, CBS, FOX, and PBS in high definition.  I discovered this option after some searching of the Comcast web site when I balked at having to pay $50 a month for the digital-channel package in order to receive any HD channels.)By big complaint is that I cannot use closed captioning when receiving the best HD signals via component cable or HDMI.  This is why I had to add the compromise S-video input.  So if I need to understand the dialog, I watch HD using the S-vido signal and settle for a better picture.  If I am watching golf or football, I use the component signal to get the best picture.  Let me hasten to add that this captioning limitation is not specific to Samsung. From what I have been able to find on the web, this limitation happens because of how HDTVs process component or HDMI inputs.  I am bringing up this issue because I was caught by surprise.  So, if you regularly use closed-captioning, be prepared to compromise, and don't spend a lot of time trying to figure out what you have set up or connected wrong when you can't closed captioning.I have been using this TV for about six months with no problems so far.  We really like the sleek black, space-saving design of this LCD HDTV.This TV has a lot of features which tends to make it complex to set up if you want to go beyond factory presets.  For me, I am willing to spend the time and effort to make adjustments to picture settings that produce a more pleasing picture to my eye.  Also, I am using this TV with a surround-sound system which adds to the comlexity on the one hand and negates some of the options such as automatic volume control on the other.The bottom line is that I am very satisfied with this HDTV, and would recommend it or similar models.