I love my 22 inch Samsung. I was going to buy a 26 inch set, however, the sofa's only 5 or 6 feet from the TV, so 22 inches is more than adequate. The picture is outstanding, however, I have one problem that cannot be solved because it's with Verizon, not Samsung.We have Verizon FIOS and our Samsung TV is connected to a Verizon HD box via an HDMI cable. It worked well for a few hours, but then we lost the signal to the HDMI connector. This happened on and off again for two days, so Verizon sent out a service technician. While he was at the house, he commented about the outstanding quality of the picture on the Samsung. He installed a new HDMI cable and he also attached Component Cables as a backup, just in case with had more problems with the HDMI signal.I'm glad he installed the Component Cables because we lost the HDMI signal one day after he left. Investigation with Samsung revealed there is an HDMI incompatibility with Verizon Set Top Boxes. There's nothing wrong with the Samsung HDMI connector, it's just that the Verizon Set Top Boxes are slightly behind the time and currently do not support the advanced Samsung HDMI connector. Hopefully a Verizon Firmware upgrade will eventually solve this problem.Until that time, we've been using the Component Cables to connect with the Verizon Set Top box and the picture is still outstanding! If you don't need a gigantic television, I highly recommend this 22 inch LCD HD TV.As for the audio, it's fine and on par with other LCD TV's. If you're an audio buff and need top of the line audio, connect the TV to an inexpensive Samsung [or any other brand] Home Theater system. That's what we did. I connected our 22 inch Samsung to an Onkyo Stereo Receiver, along with two bookshelf speakers and the sound is terrific.We're pleased with the 22 inch screen because we sit so close to the television. You'll have to be the judge on screen size because it's obviously a personal preference. We also like the fact that it doesn't take up very much room.As for the picture, everyone who sees it loves the quality of the video.