I did quite a bit of research before I bought this TV and read all the reviews - They were mostly good for this HDTV-but a few were really bad. I don't understand why ANY were bad. For me, this has been a really great tv. Initially I thought there was a problem with the speakers which had been mentioned in some reviews, so I purchased  computer speakers from Best Buy. I hooked them up using an adapter and wow the sound was great! Then I had to exchange my DVR with the cable company and realized the TV speakers were just fine- it was the old DVR box that was giving me the weak sound. Still I think the additional speakers add a lot and are worth it.  Now it sounds like I have a really cool sound system! The suggestions on this review site on how to adjust the colors and tones was very helpful. Definitely pay attention to the suggestions and use them if you don't quite like the skin tone colors when you first get the tv. It took a little adjusting to get them right with the high def, but overall if was pretty darn easy. Pluses: the tv is very lightweight and it was very easy connecting everything up once my old tv was disconnected. I admit I still haven't figured out how to turn off the blue light at the bottom of the tv ( I didn't read the entire book of instructions), but since the blue light is so cool I'm not bothered by it anyway.Cons- Yes it does take a second or two for the television to come on (lag time), but that doesn't bother me at all. I'm not a gamer. I just love my tv programs and watching them on this beautiful screen is quite a treat.  The colors are bright - I've had no problem with things being too dark as some reviews have mentioned.  Overall, I wouldn't worry at all about purchasing this tv. You'll be very happy with it. My only disappointment is that I didn't purchase a slightly bigger tv. Now I realize I could have.  One more thing; The remote is large and kind of plain, but I didn't buy it for the remote. I can always buy a combo remote and since I almost always use the cable rermote (which is also clunky and cumbersome), it's really not a big deal.  The tv price went down about a week after I got mine so I wish I'd waited a week to get the lower price, but overall, I'm still happy and would definitely recommend this tv.