Keep in mind this was the first time I purchased an HDTV and don't know much about them.  I owned this TV almost a month before returning it.  Overall, it's a good TV.  Picture clarity is excellent and the sound is good too.  I've read that LCD's have a difficult time accurately showing blacks but in my opinion the black levels are awesome.  It's got a lot of features such as parental controls, the ability to add channels to a list of favorites, and built-in NTSC/ATSC/QAM tuners that will allow you to pick up unscrambled over-the-air channels without having to get digital cable or an antenna.  I was able to pick up NBC, ABC, CBS, WB, FOX, and ESPN all in HD using Comcast.  There are 3 HDMI ports and a VGA port if you want to connect your PC.Here are some things that bothered me.  You cannot set a clock on this TV.  I thought it was odd because I'm used to having it on my Panasonic SDTV.  Also, if you change the TV to a channel you want to watch later and leave it on that channel for a minute before you turn the TV off, when you turn it back on it will not always be on that channel.  A big complaint I have about the TV is most images have a greenish color to them during certain dark lighting situations on the screen.  Skin tones and yellows also have a greenish color.  I thought it was a problem with the TV but I went back to Circuit City and looked at the two Toshiba Regza's they had on the floor, the 42" and 47", and they both looked the same way.  I didn't notice it before I bought it because the 42" I looked at was playing a HD-DVD demo disc so it was difficult to get a good idea how things would look because the action on the demo was so quick.  A good way to see what I'm talking about is to get a sales person to turn on ESPN HD on some of the TV's and compare the "ESPNHD" banner on the left and right sides of the screen.  With the Toshiba, you will see it is a greenish color.  The sales person admitted to seeing the problem and was not able to remove the greenish look from the TV.  I also tried to remove it myself but had no success.  If I lessened the greenish color it would hurt other colors or the image quality.  I just decided to take it back.  If I'm going to pay a lot of money on a HDTV I want to be completely happy with my purchase.  Take plenty of time to look at this TV before you buy it.