I just purchased this TV today, from a local retailer. Planned on using it for my recently boughten PS3 (Playstation 3). And I have got to say, that this is def. a great TV to own, if you're looking for an HDTV on a budget. Esp. a gaming one.I got mine for about 580 dollars.I have practically nothing but positive things to say about this HDTV! It has 2 HDMI slots. Which means you can connect a gaming system, and an HD Satellite Reciever or Cable Box, all in 1 sitting. You can have HD gaming, and HD television. So right off the bat, this is def. a great TV for the next-gen gamer. As stated, I have my PS3 hooked up to this badboy, and it runs BEAUTIFULLY!Also, about the size...it's actually quite big! The TV is about as wide as a yard stick. That's 3 feet wide. And about 2 feet tall. The screen diaginally (from corner to corner) is about 31-32 inches, total. It looks amazing. It's like a great personal home theater TV. Guarinteed to impress all your friends, and will leave the viewer with no complaints about it's size.Afterall, bigger is better.My only real complaint about the TV, is that if you're too close to it, the screen looks a tad bit blotchy, and the pixels somewhat show. but if you're far enough away from it (about 4 feet or so) it's completely fine.However, this does NOT effect video gaming whatsoever.All in all, I def. suggest this TV as a purchase to all those looking for a great HDTV on a budget. Esp. to all you gamers out there, like myself. As this will def. make any HD compadible system (Xbox 360/PS3) look very much alive, when it comes to it's game titles.I can't wait to play Assassin's Creed on this thing. =PI give this TV, a 5/5.Despite it's grainyness at close distances, this TV is serving it's purpose QUITE WELL as an HD gaming TV, and a personal mini HD home theater for my PS3's built-in BluRay Player. And it's also quite decent when it comes to cable TV, as well. Even without HD. The picture still looks good.The grainyness might bug you a bit, if you're used to sitting close to your set. However, the "Dynamic Display" option will pretty much fix this problem up, if you want to sit close to the television, and don't want to be 4 feet away from it to produce a perfect crystal clear picture while watching TV.It'll make the screen a bit dimmer (darker), but the grainyness will be all but noticeable. Even at close distances.5/5 stars.Def. worth the purchase!