This is our second Viera. The first time we bought the TC-P50G25, it worked great. Great picture, great sound, great apps and overall a very good plasma TV. Unfortunately, it did not last too long after our kid cracked the screen with one of his toys. We had it only for four months. But because there was a cracked screen, we could not get a replacement. We even purchased additional 3yrs of warranty when we bought it, but we were all out of luck. Panasonic crossed their arms and looked away.Despite this we decided to purchase another Panasonic. We went with the TC-P50GT30, a model slightly newer. This definitely lasted more than four months. We were smart this time around to purchase a screen protector for the television. But, almost two years later it just stopped working!! After searching the forums and Google we had what is notoriously known as the seven (7) blinks of death!! Considering this time the TV lasted for over a year, we called Panasonic and asked for their assistance and get what they did? If you guessed, "they crossed their arms and looked away" you are right on! I think the best thing would have been to add this TV to our insurance policy.Its unfortunate, this is really a great TV. It has all the essentials that I and my family need such as built-in Ethernet and wireless via a dongle for tapping into our DLNA devices and many other features. My experience is that TV's today, especially those from Panasonic are just too fragile. For the price point one would think they are purchasing a reliable TV, but they are very delicate. At least that is from my experience. This time around I'll just purchase the parts and try to fix it myself from what I have read in the technical manuals. We will see how that goes. But one thing is for sure. Next time around we will definitely not purchase another Panasonic.Like I said the TV's we have purchased and used in the past from Panasonic were fabulous, but they are not reliable. At this point and willing to give another manufacture a try. This is just my personal opinion, but I really wish Panasonic would correct their quality issues with their electronics. The TV just stopped functioning without any valid reason. To me this is a malfunction, a defect in the product. It should be fixed by the manufacturer.