When over-the-air digital TV became the law of the land, I decided to replace the 13" CRT TV in my bedroom with a small widescreen LCD set, and after much research selected this Vizio VA19L. I'm satisfied I couldn't have made a better choice.My old CRT set with an indoor antenna never delivered anything but two VHF channels, one pretty well and the other just barely watchable. Since it didn't give me any UHF whatever, I was concerned about whether I'd get anything on OTA digital since that uses UHF frequencies. To my pleasant surprise, this Vizio on an indoor antenna gives me 17 digital channels in excellent quality, five of them HD. And standard 480i programming looks great on it too, which is certainly not true of all HDTVs.It also replaces the 19" widescreen monitor I had on the computer cart beside my bed. The TV's 1366x768 resolution does not exactly match any standard computer resolution, but again to my surprise, the old Radeon 9600 graphics card in my small form factor system provides 1360x768 which fills the screen perfectly while properly maintaining aspect ratio. And I find my Samsung NC10 netbook does also, though I don't really expect to use that much with the Vizio.Reading other reviews here I see a number of users complaining about the sound quality and angle of view. I think the sound is just fine for a small set, speech is nice and clear, and since I'm hard of hearing I would sure notice it if it weren't. As for angle of view, perhaps those complaining were used to CRTs. Of course all LCD flat panels have noticeable light fall-off when viewed from an extreme angle, and I have seen some laptop monitors where this was very bad, but the Vizio is just fine as far as I'm concerned -- seems about as good to me as the 32" Samsung I have in the living room.There are even a few things that I like a lot better than the bigger set. On my Samsung there's just one button for changing inputs, which means you have to cycle through several to change from TV to DVD player and/or whatever else you have connected. On this Vizio there's a separate button on the remote for each input, which is much more convenient. Also, the Guide button on the remote brings up brief program info not only about what's playing now, but also what's on the schedule for several hours ahead. This is very handy, though I suppose it may depend on the particular stations in your area -- I don't know if it does this on cable also since I don't use this TV on cable.I've had this Vizio now for about seven months, no problems of any kind, and it gets an easy five stars from me. I like it so much I'm just about to order the 22" Vizio VA220E which seems identical except for screen size, for my home office.