I purchased my Sylvania TV/DVD combo about 18 months ago in September 2007. The unit itself has worked fine up to this point. The problem is with the remote. Around a month ago, one button ceased to work. Since then, the remote has been gradually losing functionality. I am convinced that this problem is not a result of anything that I have done since I treat my electronics with great care and this unit is not used by any children. The worst part at this point is that I cannot turn down the volume on the TV using the remote. Let's face it; these days many TVs just aren't completely functional without a fully working remote and even if they are, who really wants to get up and go to the TV to change the channel or volume. I know I am lazy but admit it, you are probably the same way, right? Actually, in this situation, it would be more than just inconvenient for me to have to use the buttons on my TV. I use it in my bedroom and, without going into details (because it would be boring), it just isn't feasible.I have tried to fix the remote myself with no luck. I am pretty handy at fixing things and have worked on everything from cars to appliances to home electronics. I have tried contacting Sylvania customer service for help but they tell me that they cannot do anything except sell me a new remote for $25. I am not going to give them anymore of my money for a remote which I fully expect to quit working just as this one has. They were pleasant enough, but ultimately unwavering in their "policies".I will never buy from Sylvania again or for that matter, Funai. Funai is the company behind the Sylvania name.My advice to you is to spend a little more money to get a better TV that also includes a better quality remote. I have never regretted buying any of Sony's products and none of their remotes have ever crapped out on me. As for the TV itself, it is still working but who knows how long that will last. I am not very optimistic at this point.Update, Feb 10, 2012:The TV still works fine. I guess I would say it is just as good as the day we got it. I bought a refurb Harmony remote to replace the original and it works fine.