My first impression of this set is that it has good picture quality but rather poor sound.  I did not expect much from the set in terms of sound due to its thin design.  It should be noted that the 6400 is the same TV but without the Samsung Apps/Internet@TV feature and a different stand.  I will say that I could certainly live without the Apps feature but it is nice to be able to stream my photos from Flickr without having to hook up my laptop or other computer.  Weather is nice too.  I also am not real excited about the stand.  The 6400 has a square flat stand that you could place on top of a set top box or a small stand.  The 6500 has a 4 footed prong type stand.As far as TV performance, I will say that it is quite good.  Colors aren't over saturated so as to look artificial.  You may find that the box stores crank the brightness up in the store so the TV looks more appealing to shoppers.  I found that many sets don't look nearly as good as they did on the ultra bright mode.  This set however performs just as well in my preferred dimmer setting as it does bright.  There are some annoyances such as pixelization and blotches in the dark scenes where there is motion.  However, its hard to tell whether this is a by-product of broadcast companies, cable companies, and satellite companies compressing the heck out of HD signals or the TV itself.  The TV performs admirably as well in standard definition broadcasts.  LED vs LCD: well, if we are comparing apples to apples (using the same class of TV and same broadcast) I can't really tell that big of a difference. Longevity of the LED lighting technology is yet to be determined.  I have no interest in a 3D set so I cannot compare this set to those as I never given them much more than a glance at the store.  I will warn you, Samsung does have its customer service annoyances but hopefully you will never need them.  I chose the 6500 with the Samsung Apps feature because I figured one day as more companies come on board with their apps there may be something useful.  All in all it's no Pioneer Elite Kuro but its a good set for the price.