I did an extensive research for my new TV. I compared consumer reviews, professional reviews and checked couple TV's picture my self.My conclusions at the end of research:1. 3D Samsung - I don't see this technology is ready for home use. 3D picture cause headache for lots of viewers, 3D effect diminishes a lot if you are watching TV more then 4 feet away from the screen, and who wants to wear this glasses all the time? Another factor is cost. It is high for what you really get. This technology will be much more interesting once it gets mature, but not yet.2. LED technology - I looked at edge led calibrated display by Samsung and I think it's not bad, but I see hallow of light at the edge of tv which reduces perceptual contrast. Otherwise edge led looks very similar to regular LCD, such I can't justify 30% more on average price increase.3. Samsung reliability vs Sony. Lots of people believe that Samsung is more reliable, but checking forums I discovered that Samsung has number of hardware issues with their tv's and reliability is not that great. Sony used to be great couple of years ago, then reliability went down and it appears that they are trying to recover their reputation back now. At the end, number of issues between Sony and Samsung is somewhere the same with Samsung having more hardware related issues and Sony has more software bugs. Software is easier to fix with new firmware release. This is based on their older models, since you need some time, year or longer of use to evaluate long term reliability.I bought this Sony at BJ and calibrated using AVIA HD and Avia Standard definition DVD's. I use it to play PS3 and my Home Theater PC.1. Contrast - very good. In dark room I notice a little light leaking  in the upper comers of the TV. The picture itself has very deep blacks and excellent whites. So far it's one of the best results I've seen on any LCD.2. Sharpness - perfect, but watch for setting in video mode. My TV went to overscan with HTPC connected over HDMI. It was easy to fix by changing settings to pixel mapping for HDMI port.3. Brightness - it's LCD so it can be very bright. I liked Sony implementation of automatic brightness. It changes brightness based on available light in the room. The result is picture looks more natural to watch when you turn off the lights, and still bright enough picture during sunny day. Note: I calibrated the screen with low lights in the room, it's how I normally watch movies.4. Colors - not too bad from manufacture, but definitely improved after calibration. Very lifelike at the end.Conclusion:I'm completely satisfied with picture quality of this display and I feel this TV gives you more per dollar then any other.