Had my PN58C6400 (same as the C6500) for 3 weeks now.  Intially ordered a 2009 model from Amazon/Modia but it was out of stock and they upgraded to this 2010 model, nice.  Order arrived couple days early, opened & inspected the unit before signing for it (highly recommended)and had no damage. This was by far the biggest ticket item I'd web purchased but I was happy with the transaction and remain so.  Had not planned on wall mounting, but this 2010 unit is so thin (1.4") that now I'm thinking about it. Have noticed NO buzzing or any other unsusal noises.  I did not "burn in" the screen with test slides like some techies like to do (think it unnessary).  I've just been sure initially to watch a variety of material, and always in wide-screen even if it means having to stretch the pciture to fit for 4:3 material.  Don't know what the internal speakers sound like and don't care as I haven't used anything in my main room but the surround system for 10 years now.  Suggest using direct high quality digital audio connections directly from sources to your Home theater system, not HDMI to the TV then back, which can limit return audio to only 2 channel.As for viewing sources and setup, I don't do any Gaming and I've yet to try any of the Internet features as my DSL sppeed needs to be upgraded to at least 3.5 mghz.  Watch mainly DISH HD programs and numerous Blu-ray movies.  Got on AVS Forum website for this Samsung model family and got some excellent setting recommendations which I use for my two input sources.  Use the "Movie" mode to have access to all adjustments, "Standard" has some disabled, and "Relaxed" and "Dynamic" even more are greyed out.  (If you initally find the Dynamic mode good, you'll quickly tire of it as it gets fatiguing to the eyes.) I had initially researched buying a LCD-LED unit but am very happy with this plasma.  Picture quality is outstanding and still promotes the "wow" factor.  The picture quality remains excellent from any angle and light relections don't seem to bother the picture nor are they visible. I've had no Image Retention problems (there are a couple of features built-in to prevent them) More importantly I've seen NO motion artifacts which are common on LCD TVs.  If you have no interest right now in 3D (I don't) and are looking for a great picture with deep blacks, & accurate color and video processing, this represents an excellent value.  Yeah it puts out a little heat, give it 4" if clearance on each side for proper ventilation.  It also consumes a little more energy than an LCD , but I'm willing to pay for it and I don't live in California.