This is the best TV I have ever owned, but that is not saying much since my last set was a HP PL4260N Plasma. Regardless my initial impression of this TV is WOW!The size is perfect for me sitting at roughly 7 feet away giving me a movie theater type experience.I use the TV mainly for movie watching and gaming. I got the TV yesterday and only had enough time to setup it up and watch TRON on Blu Ray (It was very comparable to when I watched it in the theaters, if not better). I will post an update later after I start trying some games out of this bad boy.The TRON Blu Ray I purchased also included a standard definition DVD copy. I used this as a perfect opportunity to test HD vs SD on the same movie. As expected on a TV of this size the Blu Ray is noticeably more clear/sharp/vivid. However, in my opinion this is not a reason to freak out and throw away your DVD collection. DVDs and standard definition sources display just fine on this set. They are just not as good as HD sources (Obviously).The inputs/outputs are easily assessable from the right side of the unit. The TV has tons of settings you can tweak to get the image looking just right for you in your environment.Really the only thing I don't like so far is how heavy this thing is. It took a couple of us to get this beast up the stairs and it wasn't easy. But the weight and price of this TV is worth the amazing picture and quality it provides. Don't settle for any of those "Thin/Light" alternatives that cut performance for the look. Do yourself a favor and get a truly amazing set.For those considering the new A94 LaserVue. In my opinion the A91 at its current price is a far better value. The only major thing I saw different on the two is the A94 now has WIFI on the TV, which I don't care about. But if that is a big thing for you, then spend nearly twice as much money to get it. I'd rather get a dang good price on a dang good TV.Highly recommended. I purchased mine from OneCall on amazon. I was highly pleased with their service and the degrees of protection they took to ensure my TV arrived safely.