Hi,I have had this television for just over one year now and it has worked out very well for me. I originally purchased this hardware as the sole monitor/television for a studio apartment and it has since traveled with me to my current living situation. The resolution is capable of those above 720p which works out well if using the PC input.Speaking of inputs it really seems to have a nice amount for the particular size. With 2 component, 2 composite, 2 HDMI, and 1 PC there are definite options for connecting an array of devices at one time.  For instance, at one time I had an Xbox, cable box, Wii, and computer all hooked up. The input buttons on the remote made for very smooth transition between each. In terms of audio it offers the standard red/white connection, a pc audio input, and one optical audio connection. I hope you find that as sufficient as I did.For those who like to really customize the color and audio experience, you will not disappointed, as this television offers very specific customization options. Leave a comment if you are interested in learning more about this particular feature.I can understand those who are frustrated with the amber Vizio logo that stays on even within standby mode. Perhaps you might find the Belkin Conserve Switch F7C01008q Energy-Saving Surge with Remote a valuable tool in not only getting rid of the standby glow, but also saving on electricity in general. I own this as well and really like it.For now, I would like to conclude with the reason as to why this television has not received five stars despite my satisfaction with it. I cannot recall when I started to notice this but the television set makes a definite humming noise. It is not so obnoxious that I cannot stand it, but it is worth mentioning because when the room is quiet one can definitely hear it. Now, most televisions make a humming noise (yep, even your own!) but I don't want anyone to be surprised, as this one will too.Thanks for reading and if I can be of any more assistance please leave a comment,Sean