I purchased this just after Christmas 2010. Great price and came with a low price guarantee which saved me $40 off the price within 2 weeks of owning it. I bought this with the Panasonic starter kit and the Panasonic 3D Blu-ray  player. Total price for all 3 was $1929.00. If you plan to purchase this TV I highly recommend you purchase the starter kit and Blu-ray player. The TV comes with one pair of 3D glasses and the starter kit comes with 2 pair of rechargeable glasses and the 3D movie Avatar, of course in Blu-ray.Shipping,Shipping was fairly quick (8 days) considering I placed the order on Dec 27. The company called to schedule delivery, brought the TV inside the house, offered to set it up (I declined), removed it from the packaging and turned it on. I've heard nightmares from some people regarding the shipping of HDTV's. I had zero issues with the shipping company.Picture quality,I was having difficulties setting up this TV for the best picture quality, but once it was setup the picture was amazing. I went to a web site with the settings for this TV. I plugged in the values and the images were clear and crisp with no motion blur like some of the magazine reviews stated. There is an option in the 3D mode to choose 96hz. This setting eliminates the motion blur and flicker of the lower setting. The contrast is far superior to any of the LCD/LED HD TV's. Dark blacks and bright whites. Color is great.Sound,No one buys this level of TV without having a secondary source for sound. I run the Blu-ray and TV outputs to my stereo with surround sound. The TV audio is poor at best without using a secondary source.Options,I guess my only complaint is the internet connectivity. Internet connectivity using a wireless device is difficult with the USB wireless devices currently available. The one from my computer is not compatible with this TV. I did not spent a lot of time looking for a wireless device as I have a CAT 5 connection on the TV and my internet box. Setup was automatic and painless.3DThe best 3D viewing available today. It will take some time for your eyes to adjust to wearing the glasses. I felt a little queasy for the first 30 minutes or so but after that no issues with eye fatigue, headaches or nausea. I did not experience any of the symptoms when using the glasses a second time a few days later.If you're looking a great 3D TV, this is the one for you.