I have meticulously researched 19 to 26 inch LCD HDTVs over the last few months. I found the Vizio VA19L, 19 inch, LCD HDTV. It has an amazing 5000:1 contrast ratio. In reasearching all of the other comparable brands in the $300.00 or less category, I could not find anything above 1000:1. So I found one on Amazon, ordered it on March 13, 2009, and then received it on Friday, March 20, 2009.By Monday, March 24, 2009 there was a big problem. While watching TV, the screen went green with vertical and horizontal static lines along with a loud blast of static sound. After about 4 or 5 seconds, the screen would go dark, the TV was still on as per the frontal lit up VIZIO logo under the screen. It is white when the TV is on, and orange when it is off. The TV, although on, would not respond to any commands, including of course, power off. No matter if it was from the remote or attempting to manually shut it off from the side panel of the set.I unplugged the power cord, waited about 2 minutes, then plugged it back in. The TV would come on normally and then, sometimes within 5 minutes or 5 hours, it would happen again. The picture itself was very dark now compared to the first three days I had it, and no setting change would fix it. I contacted the seller immediately by phone and told him of the problem. He agreed to refund my full purchase price. I shipped it back UPS and it was delivered April 7, 2009. On April 12, 2009, I emailed the seller through Amazon regarding the refund status and then received a reply from Amazon the next day that the refund has been processed.I did try to fix the problem first by ordering a replacement power cable but that did not resolve the issue. PLEASE...please learn from my mistake. Do not EVER purchase something that is advertised as "Refurbished." Just find a seller who is advertising brand new and pay the extra few bucks to avoid all of the hassle. For me this was difficult as I am disabled. Also, I'd recommend checking EBAY (no offense Amazon). I purchased another Vizio, brand new for $183.00! It was a pick-up-only which was no problem as the seller lived 20 minutes from my house. This TV absolutely, positively blows away the competition. Go check out the specs on the Vizio VA19L and " go get you one " !!!