WHAT A DEAL! I got the 50" X1 a couple weeks ago from sears for $699 + tax - 8% Bing cash back - 10% sears coupon = $625 boom!) After reading many positive reviews and checking it out at Sears next to other TVs' - namely the LG50-PQ30 I went with the X1. Both the Panny and LG were pretty comparable. I had trouble telling them apart side by side.  The LED TVs are the only things out there that have major WOW factor but way too pricey.I mean... a 50" [name brand] plasma in the $600s' is insane!  I REALLY think the 720p plasmas are the sweet spot in the flat panel TV market. It's just not justifiable to spend the extra for 1080p or LCD 120Hz units.  For 50" and under screen sizes just about everything I've read says 720 vs 1080 is virtually indistinguishable.  In stores I was hard pressed to tell the difference.  On a budget I don't think you're sacrificing the farm with 720p even if it seems out-dated.  On the plus you're getting a BIG TV for at least $300 - $600 less than similar 1080p models.  I used those savings to buy a PS3!  You should use them to buy speakers if you need. read on.PROS:The Panasonic has great blacks.  You can't even compare LCD blacks to this.Solid, sharp picture - although you HAVE to tweak the picture settings. The factory settings are red heavy and dim! No big deal.  [...] has a thread which tells you how to set if up if you aren't sure what means what.Easy Setup, sturdy base system.CONS:No analog (component) audio out.  This is really only an issue for people that plan on running audio from the TV direct to a stereo system, rather than running the signal from your cable box, into a stereo receiver, then to the TV.  There is an digital optical audio out however, if the speaker system you have accepts that, great.No PC-in - again, not a big deal for most people but a nice feature they should have added.  If you're planning on using the TV as a monitor most of the time, take a look at LCDs over plasma.  You'll get better love with resolutions on LCDs.The Speakers in the X1 are ok for people that don't care about sound. You're buying an awesome TV. spend a couple hundred on speakers.  That said, the speakers on the X1 are WAY better than my new 32" LCD Samsung 720p, and just fine for watching the news.CONCLUSION - Killer buy you'll be stoked and have money left over to buy other stuff. If you can fit it, I also recommend 50" over the 42"...Don't save money by going smaller, you'll be stoked when you get this big TV home!