If you want a very thin TV for a bathroom or bedroom, this is probably fine - with a few caveats.The screen is very clear and sharp when watching network news or anything that doesn't include much movement.Once you get much movement, this screen shows it huge weakness.  There is something called "ghosting" (I believe I am using the correct term).  That is, when someone is running across the screen it is as if they leave a wake.  This is especially evident on channels (CNBC) where there is a scroll at the bottom.  I guess this is a function of the refresh rate - which is listed as 60Hz.Also, when you first get this the picture settings are crazy oversaturated - but those can be fixed.However, my biggest gripe is with respect to the on/off timer.  It seems that the on/off timer only lets you select from two sources (1) TV - which only includes things connected through the coax connection; and (2) USB - a thumb drive.  It does not let you select the HDMI input.  This is silly.  99% of people hook up their HD set to a cable/satellite box using HDMI cables.  This limitation in the TV's firmware effectively prevents someone from using the on/off timer for a HD source.  I have confirmed with Samsung support (and the owner's manual) that this is a limitation.  I specifically bought this for my bedroom to use as an alarm clock.  I thought I would be able to set this up to turn the TV on in the morning and it would pop on to the cable box (which is always on).  It won't do that because the cable box is connected over HDMI.  This is the dumbest limitation on earth.On the plus side, it comes with a nice stand, great instructions and has a very nice form factor.  The menus are pretty self explainatory.  Someone in another review complained about HDMI not giving them audio - they must have hooked it up wrong.  I get audio and video over HDMI from my Fios HD box.Three stars because of very poor HD picture quality and because someone seriously screwed up when designing the on/off timer source selections - hopefully this can be addressed in a firmware update.