I've had the Vizio 37" TV for a few days now, so I temper my positive review with the idea that the other shoe could drop...although with Amazon's return policy, I feel pretty confident.  I was a little apprehensive about the purchase because of the negative reviews, but I have not seen any of the reported problems from other reviews.** Video/Audio not in sync?  Not a problem here.  I've tried all the HDMI ports, component input, composite input.  No problems.  Input sources LG BluRay player, PS3, Wii, Time Warner Cable DVR.  No issues.  I'll revise my review if I find anything, but it looks good for now.  ***UPDATE***  Found it.  The coaxial input has a BIG SYNC PROBLEM. WOW. CRIMINALLY BAD.  The HDMIs however are still perfect even after a year of use.** Audio level fluctuating wildly from channel to channel?  Not exactly.  There is a TruVolume feature, which attempts to wrangle the variances from channel to channel.  Sometimes this takes a half second to kick in when you are changing channels, so it sounds weird if you are a channel flipper.  I will say, in particular, that this feature works well on The Bravo Channel, which in my opinion is the WORST offender when it comes to volume shift.  Their commercials are easily twice as loud as their programming.  The TruVolume does a good job of taking the edge off that nonsense.  Get it together Bravo.  The feature needs some work, but it is not totally without merit.** No dead pixels and I had mine shipped overnight via Amazon Prime.  Again, I was concerned about shipping damage, but the box was well constructed and in great shape when it arrived.  It seemed to have been handled gently enough.I will say that the audio is tremendously weak, but not because of the audio processor...it's because of the super-pathetic mini-bar of speakers along the bottom.  My girlfriend doesn't seem to mind the lack of mid and low frequency reproduction, but I'm an audio snob though and I have a low tolerance for such things.  The only audio output on the TV is an optical out, so make sure your home theater system has an optical input if you're planning on using external speakers.  Please, please, please plan on using external speakers.  Save yourself from bad sound.  Don't spend 4 bills on a TV and not another hundy on a basic 2.1 TV stereo setup.  Your ears deserve love too.Okay, enjoy.