This is a big t.v., but surprisingly not too big. I went from a 62" dlp to this 75" dlp in a small apartment. The thin bezel design uses the real estate effectively to allow a big picture without overwhelming the room. With an overall depth of 15"(including base) it's 3" shallower than the 62" Toshiba.LASER LIFE: According to a source at Mitsubishi, the lasers should have a life similar to the life of a CRT picture tube, so laser replacement should not be an issue.PICTURE (out of the box, no pro calibraton): Picture looks good. Something to be aware of, the picture really depends on the source, not just for content but for quality. In Toledo I use Buckeye CableSystem. The difference between a normal channel/picture and a HD channel/picture is very evident. There is also a noticable difference between a HD network picture and a HD premium channel such as Showtime HD, HBO HD, etc. Blu-ray DVD is outstanding (standard DVD also improved). The sample 3D DVD in the Mitsubishi starter kit (kit costs extra) looks great, just like a Disney 3D movie at a theater. Some other 3D movies are not so great and seem to be format dependent. Remember, you have to have a compatible 3D source for the t.v. to display 3D.SOUND: DO NOT buy this t.v. if you're expecting great sound via the t.v. speakers. Really! The t.v. sound is like going from a big boom box to a transister radio, tinny and not much depth. For the price I'd think a better quality sound would be included. Apparently, the thinking is that buyers of this t.v. will install it in a home theater setting to include a better audio system. I have my audio running through a Bose Home Theater system and it sounds great, but when I'm just casual watching (not movies), every time I listen through the t.v. speakers I'm shocked.THE PURCHASE: In general, this is one expensive t.v. but deals are available. Amazon lists a varity of dealers/prices. Through Amazon, delivery was by Home Direct. The guys carried the t.v. to my apartment, uncrated it, and set it on the stand. All packing materials were taken care of. Because of the cold outside, I let the t.v. sit for four hours to let it warm to room temperature before firing it up.Buying from Amazon was easy and fast. One thing I was surprised by though, I bought my t.v. in March 2011. While registering with Mitsubishi I noticed the Manfactured date was November 2010. It could be just me, but I expected a little fresher t.v. It is new/unused, but four months in the tech world is a long time for tweaks and mods to happen. The good thing is an internet connection for firmware updates is standard; any hardware tweaks/mods, well...