I picked up this LED TV as a Best-Buy Doorbuster on Black Friday 2010.  Well, lets get down to business.  The picture quality on this TV is excellent, black levels are deep, color reproduction is surprisingly accurate, and natural.  The clarity is amazing, especially while playing Blu-rays.  I use a Playstation 3 for Blu-ray playback, and, I can tell you, the depth in the picture is astounding.  Naturally, I first popped in James Cameron's Avatar, as it is reference quality material, and it was almost 3d-like, the picture was so clear and beautiful.  Next, to get a more realistic idea of the TVs abilities, I put an older movie, 1995s Braveheart.  Again, I was blown away by what I was seeing, it is simply amazing.Now, Blu-rays and DVDs look excellent; however, watching regular TV is a different story.  The quality of the picture when watching TV (Comcast Cable in my case), is not only based off of the TV set, but the signal sources as well, meaning a cable or satellite box you are using.  The picture using my cable box/DVR is somewhat lack luster, but considering when the signal sources is a Blu-ray or DVD, and the picture looks fantastic, I think I can blame most of this on the Comcast cable equipment and signal.  The LED Motion Plus function is especially bad on when watching Cable, it makes the picture choppy as all hell.  However, again, I don't think this is the TVs fault, as Motion Enhancement, when in use with Blu-rays and DVDs, looks great (although, I only really use the function with animated films anyway).  The only time that LED Motion Plus works well is with sporting events, otherwise I just turn the function off.The really big drawbacks to this TV is the viewing angle and the edge light-bleeding.  Unless you are watching the TV straight-on, the picture will look extremely washed-out from all other angles.  This was really disappointing as even my three-year old 32-inch Panasonic LCD TV has better viewing angle capabilities than this set.  The other drawback is edge light-bleeding.  When watching films in a completely darkened room, during especially dark scenes, you will see what can only be described as a clouding effect around the edges of the picture.  Like I said it was only noticeable during very dark scenes, like scenes set in outer-space, but it is perceptible.Aesthetically the TV is beautiful.  It is super-thin, great for wall-mounting. It has a solid glass-base, that will also allow you to rotate the TV.  Can't really comment on the remote as I'm using a Logitec Harmony remote to control the set.  Nor, can I comment on the sound, as I'm using a Sony sound-bar and sub for audio.