I bought this TV in August 06 from Amazon directly. I had no problems with the order or the delivery. The TV showed up in perfect condition, no dead pixels or anything like that.I've been using it now for several months, and am still quite pleased with it.Pros:1. The picture quality is great. The colors are really nice and rich, and blacks are pretty good.2. The viewing angle is tremendous. I have it in my living room, and I don't think there is anywhere you can stand and not see the picture.3. There are enough hookups for everything. I only use one HDMI jack at the moment for a DirecTV HD box, I use the component connection with a progressive scan DVD player which looks sensational, and I have my old DirecTivo hooked up to the S-Video. So I've actually got quite a few left over. I have yet to try the VGA port; but I did hook my Mac up via DVI->HDMI and got decent results.4. It does a good job of scaling picture sizes. Each input can have its preferred format remembered. So the HD box and DVD player stay on 16:9 while the Tivo stays on 4:3, and all look fine. If you are watching a non-anamorphic widescreen program, you can zoom it to full screen which looks pretty good as well.5. I for one quite like the shiny black "grand piano" finish; and the TV is generally attractive and fits in well in most rooms.Cons:These are mostly minor quibbles;1. My main complaint is that it is a bit slow to change between sources using the "Source" button. Its a little quicker if you use the menu, but I prefer not too.2. There is sometimes some ghosting on screen if a scene goes from fully colored to mostly black quite quickly. The artifacting can stay on the screen until more color comes to replace it. This isn't really that noticeable, and only happens in programs with fully dark screens.3. In retrospect, I probably could have stood a 40 inch, although this does work pretty well for the size of my living room.Overall, it is a great TV with a really good picture, top notch inputs, and a decent price tag. I'd strongly consider this one, and do feel that it was worth spending a bit more to go with a solid brand.