I bought this TV just before Christmas 2009 and it has has not worked properly since day 1. First of all, The HDMI inputs didn't work all the time. Periodically when turning the TV on, there is a picture but no sound, or sound and no picture. Reseating the HDMI cable fixes it temporarily. The TV also pops loudly and reboots itself 3 or 4 times a week. Sony farms out repair to a local company and the local guy said Sony has had problems with direcTV DVR's. He called Sony and they authorized replacing the main board and power supply. This did fix the HDMI problems but not the loud popping and reboooting. Another repair call required replacement of the LCD panel. After waiting another 2 weeks for this, the replacement panel wouldn't even turn on so he had to put the old panel back in. Sony then said they would replace the TV and I'd be called within 3 days. This is when the real trouble started. I got a garbled message requesting I fax my original purchase receipt to a toll number in Florida. I couldn't make out the number and the rep left no call back. The next day, I had another garbled message but managed to get the phone number and some of my "reference number" out of the message. The next day I got a third call saying the information was incomplete - now they want the retailer's name and address even though the first 2 messages didn't ask for that. Again, no call back number was given. Sony's website doesn't list any toll free numbers, either, so I had to pay to talk to them. That's when I found out the Florida number just bouces to a call center in the Phillipines. Eventually, they got the information (that they already had) and called a week later, leaving another toll number for me to call. This time, they offered to sell me the latest Sony TV at a cost of 300 dollars more OR a refurbished TV. Considering I bought a NEW TV and it didn't work from the beginning, I wasn't too happy. Sony only offers new replacement within the first 30 days, even though any intermittent problem will NEVER be resolved within that time, so everybody gets a used one for replacement. The rep also flat out refused to give me a supervisor, anyone at corporate office or anyone other than him when I asked. Long story short, the "new" used TV arrived and broke within 1 day. The picture started out ok, then just got darker and darker until you couldn't see anything. I'm still waiting for the third one. I know all electronics support is pretty bad these days, but I expecteed a lot more from a company of Sony's size and wealth.