To preface this review I must admit that I did in fact buy into the high end LED fad that is being pushed on everyone.  I went with the Sony HX820 and it simply had much too many issues for its cost (flash-lighting, huge crease, uneven whites, etc).  After much research on LED's and realized that most top of the line LED units have these issues.  Shelling out that kind of money for a product that has been proven to be vastly defective was foolish on my part but thankfully I did get the refund (not on Amazon).Now for the 55GT30.  I was hesitant at first to go with Plasma due to image retention and heating issues.  Again, I was wrong not to just buy this set from the get go.  After my first GT30 was delivered with a cracked screen, Amazon promptly sent a new one and was delivered less than 48 hours later.  I received a December 2011 build and have had no issue whatsoever.Pros:Absolutely Fantastic 2D Picture (have not viewed 3D yet).Colors look natural in THX mode.  Deep black without the over brightness on LED, which in my opinion, washes out much of the detail.Sports look amazing and much more crisp than the Sony LED.Blu Ray Movies provide a very rich black level and incredible detail (view in THX mode which is a great upgrade).Sound is fine but will upgrade to surround shortly.Ton's of Viera features but I primarily use the PS3/360 to view media.Very sturdy stand that is extremely easy to assemble (the LED stand was small and wobbly).Sleek bezel and overall very thin TV that takes up no space at all.Cons:None so far to be honest.  No fluctuating brightness, no image retention, and no "green blob" issues here.Overall:I am kicking myself for not purchasing this unit sooner.  I sit 8 feet from the TV and highly recommend the 55" over the 50" (you will thank me later).  If you are interested in a close to top of the line unit (couldn't justify the extra $500 for the VT30) that has fantastic black levels for movie viewing and can handle fast action sports, this is definitely the unit for you.I also had a ton of questions my self about "breaking in" the unit before viewing but I opted to just start viewing content out of the box in THX mode with all settings <50 for the first 100-150 hours or so then I will tweak from there.  If you have any questions, let me know.