After looking at local stores, on the internet ,reading reviews ,and trying to decide on a size 42 or 47(Toshiba has a REGZA website with a  virtual living room to help you decide a size) . Comparing features this TV had to other brands ,this TV was comparable to much higher priced  LCD HDTVs. Go and check out TV's in your local stores and compare prices, pictures & features. Then armed with your info look on Amazon or elsewhere on the internet. You will be shocked at the savings !We chose this LCD HDTV, and are very happy we did ! This is our first LCD HDTV and though we are not techies ,we wanted a good picture, good value and reliability.We had Comcast cable ,no HD ,but did pick up some shows in HD and the picture was good. We now have Dish HD and the picture is AWESOME ! So if you get this TV do get HDTV from cable or satellite to get the most out of your 1080p.  The first night we watched 3 HD movies on HBO !! We were amazed at the clarity  & colors ! The sound is good,too. So good, we haven't hooked up our home theater system yet. We did purchase an HDMI cable to use and like others have stated it DOES make a difference in your picture quality !The swivel stand is a + for us ,and is not mentioned in their advertising.Having a big picture window in the room, the black matte finish was also a big plus ! There isn't any glare on the screen from that or at night when we have lamps on. An LCD Samsung we looked at in Circuit city had a shiny screen and had terrible glare from their ceiling lights. Be sure and check this out if windows or lights is a problem in your room.We also liked Amazon's price and shipping/delivery method. With Amazon's white glove delivery, the TV is brought into your home unpacked, box and trash taken, but I would keep the box and wrappings for 30 days in case you have to return the TV. They will then set the TV on your stand, turn it on and make sure you have picture and sound ! We saved hundreds of dollars over buying locally. We were hesitant to order an LCD HDTV over the internet  ,but Amazon has been great to deal with ! We think this is a great TV for the money !