Like many, this is my first big screen purchase. Since this is a significant investment, I didn't want to make a big mistake - or even a small one if I could help it. I've been reseraching, comparing, analyzing, and have viewed "millions" of TVs - or so it seems. Recently, after a lot of narrowing down of the choices, a lot of time was spent with side by side comparisions of the Samsung's closest competition (Sony's Bravia XBR). Picture quality on both are nothing short of amazing. Both have a high tech look, bright, sharp pictures, vibrant colors, and most importantly, very few if any pixel misfires, ghosts, etc.As far as I can tell, there is only one big difference between these two great TVs - Price. The Samsung is $600+ less than the Sony.Picture quality in HD is great. In SD, picture is fair to very good depending on the station. Apparently Samsung didn't waste their time with line doubling, pixel interporlation, or other methods to try to squeeze more information out of an SD signal (which will soon be history anyway). Be prepared to move up to digital cable, satellite, etc to get the best picture.Sound - well for me, it's fine. Sounds good, sufficiently loud for my average size living room. If you need or want anymore, you need a surround sound system anyway.Remote - Personally, I don't think its bad. Large buttons for those controls used most, volume, channel, and numerics. The scroll wheel everyone complains about is a little akward - so don't use it. Each of the 4 quadrants of the wheel has a switch so it can be used as a cursor. It's no problem to use at all. The automatic backlight feature for the buttons is nice.There are lots of ports on the back to plug in DVDs, etc. There are only two ports for plugging in composite video devices though, one on the back and one on the side. The USB "WiseLink" port on the side works well for displaying photographs or playing music from a USB memory stick. However, it doesn't seem to recognize video files stored on the stick. This is only my second day and I'm still learning.This TV arrived with the software upgrades already installed, so I haven't seen any of the power off issues seen by others. Also, the TV arrived two days ahead of schedule. No problems with delivery.Overall, I am extremely pleased with this TV. This TV was definitely worth the wait.