I recently purchased this HDTV to replace my old 32" Sony LCD. I choose this HDTV after examining many HDTV's at local stores and comparing reviews online. I had decided that I wanted a LED full backlighted HDTV and that I could only go to 42" because of space limitations. The need for no more than a 42" set considerably limited my choices because local stores did not stock hardly any of them. One uninformed salesman in a major chain store I will not name even told me that the 42" size was being phased out and tried to push me over to the 46" sets. I also did not want to spend a lot of money for new LED technology. I did not buy this set from Amazon because Amazon changed vendors from Vanns to Adorama. Not that Adorama is bad. I have purchased from them before and highly recommend the company, but Vanns is closer to me and I have purchased from them as well in the past. I did not know why Amazon switched from Vanns to Adorama, so I went directly to Vanns website, saw that they had plenty of LG 42LH90's in stock, and bought one.The LG 42LH90 exceeds my expectations.  Clear bright images, better sound from the HDTV than others that I examined, and enough adjustment controls to satisfy any tech nerd. CNET's review was accurate. Contrast is very good with solid blacks and whites. Overall the image of this set is superior to the 32" Sony Bravia that it has replaced.We shall see if I can say the same a year from now.Amazon's description is somewhat misleading. Amazon lists the HDTV's dimensions as '3.7 x 42 x 28.2 inches'. True, but only for the screen. Add the stand and the true dimensions are '14.2 x 42.1 x 30.6 inches'. An important fact for those who have space considerations.The LG 42LH90 has one annoying flaw. Although you can label inputs for easy switching, you cannot label channels. This is an irritating inconvenience for those used to selecting channels by name and not frequency numbers.Another minor flaw is that the Koreans have a long way to go before they can produce a good clear understandable manual.They also fail to include a printed version with their product and  instead include the manual on a CD.  This does not even make sense as a cost saving measure because they did include a printed manual that included some information but not the essential data needed to set up the HDTV for viewing.