The Television:The settings are easy to use.  The picture is crystal clear.  HD channels are perfect.  Blu-Ray is expectacular.  Blacks are black and whites are blindingly white.  Vivid selection is on most of the time and easy to adjust to anyone's taste.  No bleeding colors or bands or any dead pixels.The Presidential Inaguration looked fabulous in HD.Local channels are annoying, there seems to be face movement within the faces and maybe the firmware will resolve that since it is the same on the 60hz tv as on the 120hz.  I'll update as soon as Sony sends them.The looks of the tv are very pleasing, we ordered the silver because the black one was not available at time of ordering.  The Silver frame surprised us by how great it looks and it does not shine like the black bezel on the other tv.  Also, by sheer coincidence, it just happens to match the brushed metal pulls of the furniture surrounding it, so it makes the room look very pulled together.Remote:Clunky and large.  However, I read in another review that this is a universal control.  I have not tried it all yet, but if that is the case, I'll gladly put up with clunky to get rid of 3 other remotes.The Stand:Stand on tv tilts forward and does not hold the tv upright.  Design flaw on Sony's part.  See Amazon forums regarding this if you experience the same problem.Customer Service:Amazon customer service rocks by taking over Sony's dissapointing and aggravating customer service.  For future reference, her name is Mary Ann and she contacted Sony for me as well and she resolved everything expectacularly well and I now don't have to worry about the tv falling over the kid's heads.  Thank you MaryAnn.Delivery:We got the same great delivery we got the last time, including the setup of the tv.  However, both times CEVA only sends one man to deliver and this time, the box opened while he was taking it out of the truck and the t.v. dropped to the ground.  2 days later, one of my neighbors wanted to know if there had been damage since she had seen it drop from the truck.The tv had no damage and it works fine.Bottom line:  We are happy with the tv and delighted with Amazon Customer service.