I'm the unhappy owner of a viera 54" VT25 (TC-P54VT25), it has got broken after less than 2 month I bought it and after almost 3 month is still on repair...the quality of the TV was really poor since the beginning, it shown some strange buzing came from the back... I've contacted the support center just after 2 week I bought the TV and after some discussions they suppose to call me back in few days, but I've never got back any calls from them... as we use to say in such cases... "you can see a good day since the morning"after one month an half the TV has dead! The shops were I bought it came to my place and picked up the TV and they kept it for almost a month... The shop just told me that they were waiting for a new board which got broken (later I heard was the PC card)... I was really disappointed and I asked directly to Panasonic VIERA support to replace my TV, so they told me to get back my TV and after that they could come to my place, collect the TV and start the procedure to send me a new TV... in this case, at least, I got a really poor loan TV! Previously I didn't get even that...Now It is already almost 2 months that Panasonic piked up the TV from my house and they suppose to call me back in few days... never got a call from them... I called them several time and every time they suppose to call me back in few days, but... as you can guess... I've never got back any single call...I'm really frustrated... I'm even thinking to buy a new TV and leave the other to them!!!I really don't know how to manage anymore this situation... :(For sure I'll never ever buy anymore a PANASONIC product in my life!and any other Japanese product, since I got similar problems with a SHARP some times ago... while, I should say, I've never had trouble with Korean products until now... just my experience.Hopefully my experience could save somebody else to the same troubles.RegardsPS: the VGA resolution is limited up to 1024x768! why?!?!?and if you should try to connect your PC through HDMI you'll be surprise! The immagine will not fit the TV screen... it will be over the borders and if you'll try to resize the screen from you graphic card menu everything will appear unclear... really bad product!