I recently purchased this tv from adorama camera through amazon, and let me say while i was VERY nervous about buying something so large and expensive online, i am happy to report this transaction was better than any i have ever had in a store. The first obvious hang up was not being able to see this tv's picture in person, but honestly i dont believe the major retail stores accurately display these tv's anyway due to differences in feed (standard dvd through blu ray) When i first opened the box (delivered 6 days after my purchase) i found the tv in immaculate shape, no damage to the box or any of the components inside. The tv was very easy to set up, i replaced a 32 inch sony bravia lcd in my bedroom with this model, and its an absolutely incredible upgrade in every way, and i loved my bravia. I have this tv hooked up to an hd dish network receiver, and a ps3. Games and blu ray movies are unbelieveable, i also have a 46" samsung lcd in my basement and thought that that tv had the best picture quality i have ever seen untill watching this one. The colors are incredible in this model, the clarity is astonishing, and you have the ability to manipulate the settings to your liking. I must warn you that when you first plug this tv in, you will get a sinking feeling in your gut like you made a mistake. This tv absolutely needs to be calibrated!! I know very little about programming tv's, blu ray players etc, so i went to CNET and used their recommended picture settings with some minor alterations. I tend to like a brighter picture, so i use the vivid setting with some tweaks. For some reason, the 240 hz feature to me makes the picture appear worse so i turn that off, as most reviews state to do. But this tv when calibrated to your liking cannot be beat. I debated between this tv, and the samsung un40b8000. I absolutely love my 46" samsung, and the company name obviously speaks for itself. But with that stated, this tv is cheaper and fully led backlit while the samsung is side lit. My only problem with the lg is the cabinet size, it really is massive for a 42" set. But if i had to make the decision again, id purchase the LG in a heartbeat. You will love this tv