I was a little tentative about buying a TV online, but I decided to take the plunge and I'm very happy with the product.  I don't see how the picture could get much better.  It's stunning and there are enough variable settings to satisfy the pickiest viewer.  I had read that some edgelit LED TVs have inconsistent backlighting, but that isn't evident here.  The TV is unbelievably thin and lightweight too.  I've hung framed prints that were heavier.The sound quality leaves a lot to be desired but I already had a sound system so that really didn't matter to me.  If you're planning on using the internal speakers, you might want to go and listen first.The internet apps are pretty cool, but as is the case with a lot of Sony products, they're all over the map.  I use the YouTube, Netflix, Crackle, & Amazon Video apps the most.  The others are mostly just menu fillers.Setup was a breeze except for one thing.  I use an OTA antenna to receive local channels and I couldn't get the TV to "see" the CBS affiliate in LA.  I knew that it was close enough to be received as I had another TV before this one that received it very well, but I couldn't force the TV to find it in its channel scan.  Even going to the digital channel manually didn't work.  I eventually loked up the actual physical channel (LA channel 2.1 is actually transmitted over channel 43.1 since the digital upgrade and the code that's supposed to tell the TV that 43.5 is channel 2 apparently does't work for Sony.  It worked on my Sharp Aquos, but not on this TV and that gave me some headaches before I figured it out.  CBS2 is now permanently on channel 43.1 on my TV.My only other issue is with the stand.  It leans very slightly to the left.  VERY slightly, but it's enough that I can notice it.  I may be able to straighten it out, but I haven't been successful so far.The remote is laid out a little oddly, but I think I'll get used to it.  I was surprised to find out that the remote will control my Sony blu ray player through the HDMI connection.  Very cool.  The TV even switches to the BR input automatically whenever I turn on the player.Despite the couple of issues, I think this TV represents the best bang for the buck on the market today and I'm very happy with my purchase.