After 3 months of ownership, I experienced burn-in on the screen from not watching standard def TV stretched to the width of the entire screen.  I do not like watching things out of proportion.  It's annoying.  Also, I have a full-time job so it's not like the TV was on 24/7.  In any regard, I thought LCDs weren't prone to the burn-in issue, though after talking to the Samsung technician, I found this is not uncommon.I called Samesung and they had someone out to fix it.  First, Samsung came to my house and replaced the main circuit board (like a motherboard in a PC).  I had to argue with the technician that this hadn't fixed the issue.  He was trying to tell me the lines showing up on my widescreen movies and tv shows (where the 4:3 screen cut off on the widescreen), was acceptable wear AFTER 3 MONTHS!!!  For some reason the tech was really worried I was going to call Samsung again, so a week later, they replaced the screen.  This fixed the issue.  The technician told me to stretch the screen and watch things out of proportion for standard def and non-widescreen shows and movies or I'd experience the burn-in again.10 months later (15 days out of the one-year warranty), the on/off switch went haywire.  It was like trying to start an old car.  It kept clicking, and clicking.  After around 20-30 clicks, it would finally turn on.I called Samsung.  After much discussion, they basically told me "too bad, so sad."  They would not put me through to a supervisor when I asked them to.  I basically got no resolution.I just spent $225 at a local Samsung-certified repair shop to have the switch fixed.  So, when I bought this television, it was right around $1000.  After 1.25 years, I spent and additional 22.5% in repairs.  Granted, it was 15 days out of warranty, but the company doesn't stand by a $1000 product.  That is a lot of money to spend for junk construction.  Too bad I didn't know it was junk before I bought it.Because of this television and my experience with Samsung, I will never buy a Samsung product again.