We spent 2 months evaluating the Samsung 46" a650 and the Sony 46" z4100 (and others along the way). We finally decided on the Sony and purchasing online through Amazon. We have only spent an hour or so with the new TV, but so far we are very impressed with it. There were a couple reasons we chose the Sony over the Samsung. One reason was consistent with all the reviews about glare on the Samsung. I noted the glare several times in different stores and happened to be able to observe the z4100 and a650 side by side at an hhgregg store. The two looked virtually the same except for one very noticeable difference. That difference was the glossy screen on the Samsung. I think the ideal tv would be one that produces images that cannot be discerned from real images. It was obvious on the Samsung that people looked too shiny and those same people looked more life like on the Sony. As a side note, the hhgregg we were at obviously did not have a looping video stream but instead had some movie playing on all the tvs on the wall. This movie was featuring two people rolling around in bed, which was causing one of the employees to be shouting for a channel change. It wasn't until the scene changed to full frontal nudity of a woman at the bedroom door that the channel actually got changed. Two full walls of tvs showing that was certainly interesting for a couple seconds. Back to topic, the other reason we chose the Sony was the cabinet. A Circuit City we were at had the a650 setup with a nice recliner about 10 feet away. When we sat in the recliner, the red touch of color border which also has a transparent rim was annoying. It seemed it would be distracting while watching tv, although one would probably get used to it. The z4100 has a much smaller frame, so small I thought it might seem cheap, but it doesn't in my opinion and does not detract from the image at all.One last thing... we were hesitant about buying a large tv online with regards to shipping (and waiting). However, as much as we looked, Amazon continuously had the lowest price and offered free shipping. The shipping worked out great. It came through a forwarder that was extremely helpful and I was able to pick the tv up from their facility 4 days after ordering and 3 days before the estimated delivery date. I was surprised when I saw their backroom and how many large tvs (ironically mostly Samsungs) that they had. I was told they would all be gone and delivered by the end of the day. There must have been 20 or more.