First, the good: This TV has really beautiful colors. Last Xmas I bought a Sony XBR9 for the downstairs family room. This year I bought the Samsung 6300 for the upstairs family room. We live in a remote area so both use DirecTv HD receivers as the TV input. I also got the Sony BD-570 for this TV and it is stunning with very vibrant colors. I didn't touch the settings on this TV. It's really very good right out of the box. With the XBR9 we use a Sony DVD player as well. It may not be a fair comparison, but it's what we have, and the Samsung is a noticeable step up in quality of display. The 4 HDMI slots were perfect. One for the TV receiver, one for the BD player, one for the stereo receiver, and one - gotta love this - for a Samsung DVD/VHS player. My wife just would not give up on all the VHS tapes we have. It is a bit redundant to have two DVD players - one that doesn't support BDs but up scales everything else and a true BD player. But hey, my wife is happy so life is good. ;-) BTW, the Samsung DVD - the one with the VHS and doesn't play BDs - does a very good job on the older non-BD DVDs. Much better than the Sony we have downstairs. So go figure. And the cabling upstairs is now on par with downstairs. That is, MUCH simplified.This is a great TV at a great price. Simple to set up. Easy to connect other devices. All in all: 5 stars.Second, the bad: This has nothing to do with the TV and everything to do with Amazon's contracted delivery people. Yes, we live 15 miles from the nearest place to get a gallon of milk, and 30 miles from the nearest big box electronics store. But still....we were given a 6 day window for delivery. My inquiries to try and close that time went unanswered. We cannot sit at home for six days awaiting delivery. My wife found the TV in the driveway the first day of that window, 200 feet from the house - we have a long driveway. It was 15 degrees and snowing at the time. We watched the Amazon online tracking of this TV to try and gauge it's arrival. One day it was in CA, the next day in our driveway. Gotta do better than that Amazon or we'll have seriously consider not ordering expensive items through this site.On a positive note, we have ordered many things through Amazon over the years - books, gifts, etc., but nothing this expensive and all those other orders, and delivery, was flawless.Merry Christmas everyone. Love the Samsung 6300!!!