This is a gorgeous HDTV with superb picture quality.  It's also fairly light weight and the base could not have been easier to assemble.  Altho the instructions say to insert multiple screws, only one is required and it has a clever little thumbscrew handle that allows you to tighten it by just using two fingers.  No tools required at all.  Assembly and set-up take no more than fifteen minutes, if that long.A week ago, I had originally bot the "E" series version of the 32 inch Vizio that has the internet apps and built in 802.11n wireless.  The model number was something like E320VL.  I liked the internet features a lot (Netflix, Facebook, etc.) but the picture quality was terrible.  The picture was dark and stayed dark no matter which settings I tried.  Thus, I was hesitant to try another Vizio.  But as soon I turned on this 42 inch model I could instantly see that the picture quality was vastly superior. I am so very glad now that I took the chance and returned the E320VL and got this model instead.  In addition to the far superior picture quality, the base for this model is also much more solid and there was a lot more protective wrapping on the unit.  Just a guess, but it appears that the E series must be Vizio's lowest quality model line.  This 42 inch model is part of the apparently higher quality M series. I do wish it would have the internet apps, tho.  Seems odd that a higher quality model line such as the M seies does not have such a feature while a lower quality model line such as the E series does.Have not noticed any problems with the sound so far, notwithstanding the complaints of some of the reviewers. Also, I was told by the salesman that this model is only a Razor "edge-lit" LED rather than a full blown LED (he claims that Sony uses the same method in its LED tvs, i.e., a mix of LCD bulbs and LED bulbs). However, the picture quality is just too beautiful thus far for that to be a factor to me, especially considering the much higher price of the HDTVs that are full blown LEDs.