I've had this TV for about 3 weeks, and it's driving me nuts. I bought it because the store model seemed to have the most natural color, compared to the Sharp and Toshiba 32-inchers. But the out-of-the-box settings were TERRIBLE: white peoples' faces were so red they all looked drunk or in a rage. For the first week I fiddled with the color controls - without getting the kind of natural skin color I was hoping for. Then I discovered the "advanced" controls, where you can individually adjust the red, blue, and green levels. Now I have about 9 things to adjust and I STILL can't get it right - AUGGGH! I've been considering returning it, but the other options either don't have the connections I need (I'm using an S-video connection) or have iffy reliability ratings. I've gotten the picture to where it's pretty decent most of the time, so I'll probably keep it, but I don't recommend it.I'm feeding the sound through my stereo, so I can't say anything about the speakers on this TV.Another issue is with programs broadcast in 4:3 ratio - you sometimes see a silver shimmery effect at the edges of things. 16:9 broadcasts are very sharp. (I'm using rabbit ears to get broadcast digital channels. If you haven't done it already, I suggest you cancel your cable TV and get some rabbit ears and start watching incredibly clear TV for free!)The set has several "wide mode" settings for viewing sources that don't naturally fill the screen. 16:9 programs naturally fill the screen. FOr viewing old-style 4:3 shows, you can choose "normal" mode, which fits the picture in top-to-bottom, leaving black bands on the sides, "zoom", which fills the screen side-to-side, so that you don't see the top and bottom of the picture, "full", which stretches the picture side-to-side to fill the screen, while keeping everything in-screen, or "wide zoom" which is some sort of compromise between stretching and leaving stuff out. Personally, I can't stand a picture that has been stretched in any way, so I never use "full" (except for 16:9 sources) or "wide zoom". BUt the other two modes take care of most everything I watch. For some reason, when watching a DVD I sometimes see black bars at the top and bottom even when I'm on "zoom" - but this isn't a big deal.