I don't want to take up your time repeating the praise that previous reviewers have heaped on the Syntax. It is a great TV and a great value. I'd just like to make a few points that others may not have covered.Many have commented on how good HD and DVD content look. I have digital cable (Optimum IO) and SD looks great too.When you watch SD content (and most programming is still SD) on a widescreen HD TV, you need to change the set's Aspect Ratio to 4:3, otherwise the image will be stretched horizontally and look unnatural. You can do this easily with the Syntax. Black bands appear on either side of the image and only the center portion of the screen is used. But when you do this, you no longer have a 27 inch TV! Its just geometry. When you use the entire widescreen, the diagonal measurement is 27 inches. Give up part of the screen to either side of the image and what's left will no longer have a diagonal of 27 inches. I'd estimate it at around 22 or 23 inches. So, if you're replacing a 27 inch conventional TV, SD programming is going to look significantly smaller. You may want to investigate Syntax's 30-inch model if this is the case.As other reviewers have pointed out, the Syntax, as it comes from the factory, has a serious oversaturation problem with red. But you can fix it with available controls. There is a "Red Gain" adjustment on the "Picture" menu that can be reduced to restore a more natural color balance and stop the reds and oranges from looking radioactive.Lastly, if you intend to submit a rebate to Syntax, do so quickly. Most rebates I've seen give you 30 or 60 days from the purchase date to get your envelope postmarked. Syntax gives you only 15 or 21 days. When your set arrives, take a few days to evaluate, decide if you want it, and then get that rebate in the mail. From what I've read, Syntax is *not* forgiving about late submissions.This set lacks only 2 things - a big name and a big price. I've had mine for about 3 months and it makes me smile every time I switch it on.