After researching LCD TVs for months, I picked Samsung as my final choice.  I looked at professional opinions as well as "common folk" opinion and it seemed like the clear choice (even if it wasn't clear, it sure looked like a good choice).  All was well for 13 months.  The TV was amazing, just as everyone from Amazon, Consumer Reports, CNET and other sites suggested.  The other day I turned it on and smoke started coming out of the back.  The smell was something like ozone gas which points to an electrical problem.  I immediately called Amazon and as expected they referred me to Samsung.  "We are sorry but your warranty was up last month" was the only comfort they could offer.  I was told it was up to me to have it fixed.  When I inquired as to whether or not they had ever heard of this problem before, I was told "no."  Frustrated, I started searching on-line for suggestions on what the problem might be and how it might be fixed.  I was also interested in figuring out how much a repair might cost knowing that if it was too much, I might be faced with buying a new TV.  That was not exactly the decision I wanted to make considering that 13 months ago I spent almost $1600 on it.  Boy was I in for a surprise.  It wasn't hard to find literally 1000's of complaints against Samsung for a similar problem.  The problem relates to the power supply they use inside of the TV.  I guess it is a cheap part that they use to try to save a few dollars instead of using one that better supports the electrical needs of the TV.  Sounds crazy to try to save a few bucks when you are charging 1000's of dollars for most TVs.  I am very educated and informed, if you don't believe me, please check for yourself.  Many websites can be found to support my story.  I hope it is a matter of time before Samsung is held liable for this problem  One site I went to had over 5000 complaints for the same basic problem with Samsung yet the company continues to turn a blind eye.  Amazon should investigate this and include a disclaimer on all Samsung TVs they sell to help inform the consumer about this potential problem.  I spend a lot of money and research almost every "big ticket" item I buy.  Shame on Samsung.  Never again will I spend a penny on anything they put their name on.