Since I have owned this TV for a few months now, I thought it would be helpful to share a few tips and tricks I have learned:PROBLEM: INCOMPATIBLE AUDIO SIGNALAll my A/V devices (360, PS3, Wii, Samsung DTB-H260F) were connected to my Onkyo TX-SR607 receiver with HDMI, which was set to output to my Sharp Aquos LC-52E77U. And, although the receiver was set to "Audio TV Out" off (and even with it on), the TV kept popping up this error:"Incompatible audio signal has been received, please check the output signal."It only pops up for a few seconds, and only when I would switch devices or resolution or whatever. Still, pretty annoying. Connecting the devices directly to the TV via HDMI caused the same error - the only time it didn't happen is when there was 2ch 44.1/48Khz PCM involved.Unfortunately, unlike every other TV I have ever owned, the Sharp doesn't have a menu option to disable audio. Muting didn't help, either.The solution? Set the audio volume to 0. No more error!PROBLEM: NO DEVICE DETECTED (DVI -> HDMI)When I first got this TV, I plugged in my Mac Mini, using a DVI -> HDMI cable.  After using it for a bit, the TV would stop recognizing that the Mac Mini was connected.  It turns out that, whenever the Mac Mini would be rebooted or would go to sleep, the Sharp would refuse to recognize that it was connected anymore.The solution? Physically unplugging and plugging in the TV (not just pressing the power button), and disabling sleep on the Mac. I still have to do this unplugging dance occasionally - like for system updates - but not as often as when sleep was enabled. I guess that's the price you pay for a beautiful 1080p HDMI signal, as opposed to a letterboxed 1600x1200 VGA signal - the max this TV supports.CALIBRATION SETTINGSThis TV has some definite problems with blues in areas of high contrast.  Here are the best settings I have found, in order of their appearance in the menus:OPC: OffBacklight: +6 (you can adjust up or down a smidge if need be)Contrast: +36Brightness: -6Color: +1Tint: +1Sharpness: -1CMS Hue/Saturation/Value: 0Color Temp.: Low (leave at Mid for color managed devices like Macs, or OTA TV)R Gain: +11G Gain: 0B Gain: -10Fine Motion Enhanced: Off (leave on for sports if you prefer)Active Contrast: OffGamma Adjustment: 0Film Mode: Off (I used Advanced(Low) for sports)Digital Noise Reduction: OffMonochrome: OffRange of OPC: +16 Max, -16 Min (it is off, anyways)