The Panasonic Plasma impresses with its sleek design, beautiful picture and abundance of useful features. I haven't looked at the competing TVs very closely but I like the natural tones and lack of digital artifacts in the plasma picture.Network features - it was pretty amazing to plug the TV into the power outlet, connect the wifi dongle, configure a few settings and start watching a HD movie from Netflix with the power cable being the only wire leading from the TV. That's what I call Network-ready.Of course, nobody is likely to set up the TV this way. Most will want to supply their own speakers and sound system to get an audio experience that's up to par with the picture this TV provides. I've experimented with a bunch of the network features and they all seem to work as advertised - for example, with DLNA I can browse through the audio tracks stored on my PC and stream them through my sound system. Would someone do this? It's a question of convenience - you can switch from watching TV to listening to music using the same remote.Build quality is very good - the stand is made of about half inch of solid die cast aluminum (wasted on me because I wall mounted the TV), materials and finish are nice.Most of your connections to the TV (other than HDMI) are through supplied dongles - one for component inputs, PC input etc. This makes sense - it avoids taking up precious space on the side profile. Most people are only going to use a few of the connectors.Yet I have one complaint - the glare from the surface is noticeable, surprisingly more than from the six year old low-end LCD TV that it replaced. I haven't seen others complaining about this which is puzzling. Makes me wonder if that Panasonic missed some step in its manufacturing process.Another thing - I did observe the fluctuating brightness problem reported by some of the other owners. Called up Panasonic support and they asked me to turn off the C.A.T.S setting that is supposed to adjust the brightness dynamically according to ambient lighting. This seems to have helped but time will tell.