After having the the tv for few weeks, I'm happy with my decision to buy it. I originally bought a samsung ln40a550, but wasn't very happy with it. I really don't like that most manufacturers have gone to the glossy frames. It's just stupid. Any ambient light source is going be be reflected and distract from the picture you're trying to see. The samsungs (and most others) have a wide bezel (frame) that creates more of a problem. This Sony's bezel is only about 1 inch wide. The other issue with the samsung I bought was the fact that they make the middle range models with lcd displays supplied by multiple manufacturers, and of varying quality. You can't tell which one you get until you open the box. Go to google and search 'samsung bait and switch'. It's interesting, there used to be an amazon discussion called 'Amazon.com: Customer Discussions: Samsung "S" panel bait and switch?' that had a lot of good info about this issue, but Amazon removed it. (I can't say I care for Amazon censoring these discussions as long as they're not obscene or something). I guess it was causing too many people to return their samsungs. Bottom line on the panels.S = made by samsung at samsung factoryA = made by auo for samsung -outsourcedC = Made by chi-me for samsung - outsourcedThe quality appears to go from best = S to worst = C.Anyway, I returned the samsung, did some more research and bought this tv. I like it. The 40 inch just didn't cut it, needed something bigger. Some movies are in a widescreen format that is even wider than 16:9, so you need the bigger screen to get a watchable size.I also wanted the 120hz refresh rate with the 'motionflow' software. Judder is something that I've noticed before, and it bothers me. I don't see it on this tv.One very good recommendation, that I found in another amazon discussion,(see: Darkness and dullness in the picture quality of the KDL46z4100) is to disable the automatic light sensor. It doesn't appear to work very well, and most of the people who wrote in were complaining about the picture being kind of dark. Once you do that, the picture is outstanding. In fact, once I disabled the auto light sensor, I changed the default picture mode from 'vivid' to 'standard' and it looks great to me.