Excellent LCD!!!I bought this LCD last year (Nov 2008) on Amazon for $1380.  I was trying to look for a good black Friday sale on a 120mhz LCD.  I went and checked out so many LCDs and saw this one which I loved.  Well after looking around for the sales and deals, nothing came close to Amazon's price, which included free white glove delivery and no tax, so my total price was $1380.TV arrived on time and the delivery guy even took it up stairs and unpacked it and hooked it up so I could test it to make sure it was working fine.  Setup was a breeze and watching my HD Uverse and my upscale DVD, both on 1080i, is such a blast.  I don't have a Blu-Ray, so I could not tell you how it looks on 1080p yet but I have seen how it looks at the stores playing Blu-Ray and it looks great!  I can't tell you how great the picture is, you have to see to believe.  Do what I did, go to a Best Buy, Fry's, or any electronic store and look at the picture yourself.  The great thing about that is you can do a side by side with other models and brands.  I also have a PC hooked up to it and using it as a monitor and playing games on it via the computer looks great.  Movies played off of the computer or streamed from the internet look great as well.  The LCD has 4 HDMI connections which is a great feature to have.  To me the build-in sound is good.  I have it in the media/game room and it sounds just fine without any hook extra hook ups.  When I have people over, I'll turn on the surround sound on to feel the movies but for everyday watching, the build-in sound is great. Many of my friends that come over comment on how nice and true to life the picture quality looks.  These are people with other LCD like Samsung, Panasonic, Toshiba, and Sony.  Their LCD/Plasmas range from 42-50 from 60-120mhz.  It's nice to know that they think your LCD looks good.  Glare is not an issue with this LCD.  Others I had seen at the stores had a bad glare from the lights of the store and this one did not at all.Like I said before, I had shopped for many months looking and playing around with different LCDs and Plasmas, looking and picture quality, features, price, etc.  This LCD stood out in my top 5.  The price offered on Amazon sealed the deal for me.This is by far the best LCD for the price.  You can't go wrong.