I can assure you I did extensive, time-consuming research in various forums and review sites before making this purchase to check if burn-in was still an issue for plasmas.  Even a well respected podcast proclaimed plasma issues have been virtually eliminated.  The consensus is that plasma is better for gaming than LCD.  Well, plasma may have better response times and less lag in general, but burn-in is still an issue, and it's not covered under the warranty.I broke my TV in for well over 100 hours with those popular slides, watched movies for over 100 hours, and regularly checked the screen for image retention.  I played several games too (multiple God of War titles, among others) with no issues.  Everything was fine until I purchased Dark Souls on ps3 (which has an option to hide the Heads Up Display, but I didn't notice until it was too late).  After playing about 30 hours off and on, I now have noticeable burn-in on three corners of my screen (the bright HUD from the Dark Souls game).  It's almost impossible to see when watching movies unless the screen displays a uniform, bright image.  I had pixel orbiter running, and the auto shut off every three hours enabled (plus the no signal shutoff after 10 minutes option).  I spent a lot of time babysitting this TV!One hopeful solution to remove or reduce the image retention was the Pixel Flipper utility on the Disney WoW blu-ray discs.  I bought the discs and ran Pixel Fipper for several 20+ hour sessions to no avail.  I also ran a bright white image in the media player for dozens of hours for several days.  It's been a few weeks and the Dark Souls HUD images are still there.The vast MINORITY of plasma posts and reviews discuss problems, so it's difficult to notice and weigh them heavily when doing your initial research.  The overwhelming number of reviews are glowing--even for gaming related concerns.  I'm giving this particular TV a bad rating for something that's a general issue for plasmas, but the manufacturer doesn't do nearly enough (in my opinion) to make consumers aware.  So while some might consider this review unfair for a TV that displays beautiful images, I actually bought this expensive TV for gaming too.  I am furious, and I feel duped.  There are still problems with plasma televisions, especially for gamers, that aren't made obvious up front.