I recently experienced a household loss of our family's 50 inch HDTV we have used for the past 5 years.  Our LG 50PX4DR-H was struck by lighting and was put to rest.  I paid a hefty price for the LG back 5 years ago and wanted the best features and viewing experience I could get for a reasonable price. Before that, we had the Toshiba widescreen TW20F40 which was a great TV for it's time.  My latest quest lead me to the Panasonic TC-P65VT25 which had the best viewing performance I could find.  I reviewed the latest high-end models with LCD, LED and Plasma technology from Samsung, Sony, Toshiba, LG, Vizo and Hitachi, nothing but the plasmas were able to effectively display high speed motion without blurring.  All has the latest features with widgets and some had a better implementation than others.  Many had better physical dimensions with thin panels and beautiful frames, but I typically do not view content on TVs from the side or outside of the viewing area.  I chose the Panasonic TC-P65VT25 for it's ability to display vibrant images and effective implementation of web-based accessible content...  I was not concern with the 3D functionality, since I have a defect in my right eye which limits my site to peripheral vision.  I did not expect that I could enjoy the technology since shutter glasses require viewing the content with both eyes where two images are displayed, one for the right and one for the left.  As it turns out and to my surprise, I am able to enjoy the 3D content, just not as well as my family....Well, the whole intent to submit my review is that the Panasonic TC-P65VT25 was priced to be close to $5K, but went to one of the local electronics retailers who worked a deal with I got it for $2.6K which was a good deal.  I had to wait a week, since these TVs were selling like crazy.  If you want the best viewing experience with quality design, you can not go wrong with the Panasonic.  It's a great HDTV and with a viewing area of 65 inches, your engulfed in a viewing experience that is so close to theater viewing as it comes, but from a much improved visual perspective.  Check it out for yourself and you'll see....