I bought the Samsung LNT3253 on Monday. I bought an HDMI cable yesterday. It didn't take long for the audio to cut out and start stuttering. I'm not talking about a split second but cutting in and out continuously. I also have digital audio running into my stereo receiver and switched to that and it was fine. So the problem in that case was isolated to the HDMI source.  I had to unplug the TV and let it reset to get the sound back to normal. Then the audio was fine. I must say that kind of thing only happened once so far. Since, there have been very short sound and picture dropouts but they might have just been some kind of digital glitch from the cable company. I called up Samsung and they sent me a firmware update via email link. It turns out its the same as whats already on the TV. They could have saved me the effort by telling me how to check the firmware and confirmed that way it was already up to date. From what I read a new motherboard with its soundboard as part of it should solve the problem so I called Samsung and they setup up an appointment with an independent service center not Samsung to come work on the TV in a few days. The manager at the service center said they will replace the motherboard.  The service manager said he's already changed six boards. For the gentleman with the wobbly stand. Try screwing the stand to the screen and that should solve your wobble. If you just drop it on and don't screw it yes it will wobble and list to the side if its unbalanced.  A great picture, beautiful styling and great features, hopefully the sound problem was not a reoccurring problem and the board change will fix if it is was anyway. Well the service company came and changed the board and I watched the ballgame last night using the straight HDMI input and the sound was cutting out constantly. I'll watch TV again tonight on a different channel and see if the problem continues. If so I will return the TV and unfortunately have to purchase a Sony equivalent at a much higher price.