We have a decent sized rectangular shaped kitchen and wanted a stylish, high-performance, brand-name LCD TV.  I didn't want a cable box cluttering up the room, and decided up front that our new kitchen TV would be wall mounted and have it's own digital tuner.  The other criteria was that I didn't want a black housing, so that narrowed down our choices to some silver models and this piano-finish white Samsung.  Our cabinets are all medium dark oak and all the moldings at the eating end of the kitchen are white with a sort of cream color on the walls.  We felt the black model would jump off the wall a bit too much.I read the reviews and have to admit I was somewhat concerned as several reviewers complained about the audio quality of this set. Samsung makes some beautiful TVs and while the only comparable model I could find at my local Best Buy was the black version of this set... I took a chance and ordered (through Amazon).  Well, I got the set and a Sanus VisionMount VM3 and I did the install myself.  What I did was run a 50' HDMI cable from my Family Room home theater setup along with a 75 Ohm digital cable at eye height along with a 110v outlet.  So all cables and outlets are hidden behind the TV as it's mounted diagonally in the corner.The picture quality with both the cable and HDMI sources is outstanding.  The audio issue turned out to be a non-issue.  There were some complaints about lack of volume?  Maybe Samsung fixed it because we have no complaints and I have no idea how loud it can go... but we rarely set the volume over 18-20 and I know it goes up into the 30's.  Click on the menu and select Audio, then look at all the options for fixed settings... (speech, music, movies, etc.) and if you're finicky, there's a graphic equalizer to tweak to your hearts content for a custom sound definition.HD picture quality is remarkable, and even the analog cable and digital cable channels are excellent.  My source is Comcast cable.  We've received nothing but compliments this past weekend as we hosted a sunday football party and the women loved the idea of a very stylish white TV suspended from the wall that can swivel in almost any direction.  The guys were more concerned with the picture quality of the games and I have to say that we have no artifacting or crystalizing at all.  Samsung hit a home run with this one.I'll also say that Amazon's price beat any local retailer by a mile (almost $100.00 less) and the only available white unit I found was at Best Buy but it was the 20" version of this set and more expensive than the 22'!