Note: This review is written for middle-of-the-road folks who just want to know if this is a good TV or not, and don't want to get into the nitty-gritty about constrast ratios, refresh rates, etc. (like me!).Summary: If you're looking for a reasonably priced, full LED LCD TV that throws in a few extra bells and whistles, you cannot go wrong with LG's INFINIA LE8500 series.Pros: This TV has a great picture. The full LED display provides excellent picture clarity, and I would argue that this set rivals some plasmas for the black levels it can produce. In a nutshell, the LE8500 produces the kind of image quality that you would expect from a new 1080p LCD TV (and then some).I have not had a chance to use the NetCast features on this TV (more on that later), but I'm looking forward to being able to access features such as Netflix, Vudu, and the Yahoo "widgets" that allow you to read news, sports updates, etc. without having to leave whatever show you're watching. Last I checked, however, NetCast doesn't include Hulu, which I'd rather have than Facebook or Youtube.I also really appreciate the functionality of this TV. The menu system is easy to navigate, providing clear symbols for the various inputs you might have plugged in and uncluttered menu screens. I also appreciate the fact that LG throws in two remotes; one for doing everything and one for folks who just want to "change the channel or volume".Also, though it's not important in the grand scheme of things, the aesthetic of this TV is really nice. It's slim design and glass finish give it a classy, unobtrusive look. I also haven't had any glare issues with this TV like other folks have, and I have my TV set up next to a large window.Cons: The biggest issue I have with this TV is its TruMotion (the feature that makes whatever you're watching look like a soap opera--good for sports or other "live" programming); I just don't see a big difference, even with it set to high. The sound quality is also pretty standard, though this isn't uncommon for most flat screen TVs.  Finally, I was also disappointed to find out that a separate dongle had to be purchased in order to wirelessly connect to the internet. Though in fairness, this is more the fault of the Frys salesman that we bought this TV from than LG's--he told us a separate dongle wasn't required.In closing, I've always been a Sony or Samsung guy when it came to my electronics and TVs, but LG has surprised me with this affordable and versatile TV. Give it a shot and you won't be disappointed.