I could not be more impressed with this TV.  The picture is incredible, the set-up was very easy, it has tons of features, it is by far the best TV I have ever owned.I mounted it to the wall using a VideoSecu Articulating TV mount which holds it securely to the wall.  I did not feel comfortable having this TV rest on the stand it comes with because I have 4 boys, and the living room sometimes transforms into a wrestling arena.  I would hate to have to put one or more of the boys up for adoption because they knocked over the TV.  So mounting it to a wall helps ensure they will have a place to live for a few more years...The TV comes with a wireless LAN adapter that plugs into one of the TV's USB ports.  That saves the hassle of running a network cable to that room.  So far I am very happy with the connectivity and have used it to watch instant movies from Netflix, shows from Amazon on-demand, and we also use it to check our weather reports.  The TV has many other features that are Internet based like Facebook, but we have not tried that because we do not have a wireless keyboard, and because we have a PC in the same room, so we will probably never use that feature.The only downside I have noticed so far is the sound quality.  We have the TV in a pretty large, open room.  When things are quiet the sound quality is great, but things get noisy around here sometimes and I am also a little hard of hearing (or so my wife says) so I need to crank up the volume on the loud side.  I may have to hook this up to a home theater system, which is probably a good idea anyway.  In a normal house the sound quality will probably be more than adequate.Once again I will get back to the picture quality.  It is very impressive, especially in HD.  I have satellite TV and had to upgrade the receiver to an HD receiver.  Watching the shows in HD is incredible.  I cannot speak highly enough about the excellent picture quality.  I am very happy with this purchase.I did quite a bit of research on TVs before buying this one.  This TV was very highly rated and I am happy and convinced that I made the right choice.**While this is a 3D TV, I have not purchased 3D glasses so I cannot review that feature.  Since 3D gives me a headache, I will probably never get a set of 3D glasses.  Actually I should clarify the previous sentence, 3D on TV gives me a headache.  Luckily I am ok with 3D in real life, or that would be a huge problem.