I don't think you can get a better 40-42in flat panel television for the price range of the samsung.  I spent about 3 months researching and comparing plasmas and lcd tv's before I bought this one.  I had decided on buying a Lcd a couple of weeks ago.  My friend when out and bought a sony bravia 40in lcd 2 days before I was going to buy the same television.  I am really gald I didn't.  His STD picture off of Direct TV is terrible.  According to Sony that is as good as it will get until all of Direct TV is completly HD, and who knows how long that will be.  Then I started researching all over again, going to best buy and watching all of the tvs, sharp, sony, lg, panasonic, and samsung, with HD channels with out HD.  I could not tell any difference between the samsung, panasionic, and lg televisions in HD.  The sony was 2nd and the sharp 3rd.  The plasmas were much better in STD.  So at that point I focused on just the plasmas.  The blacks are much better, the picture is sharper, and the fast actions programing is much, much better with a plasma.  To make a long story short I chose the samsung because of price ($800) less than a pioneer.  Burn in protection that the panasionic doesn't have, and just a better look of the TV case compared to the LG.  And the samsung has PIP.  Since I had the TV for the past week I can not complain about the picutre, it is totally fantastic on HD, and very good on the STD chanels.  The sound is better than average for 2 speekers.  the easy of use is also great.  My father who is an electronic moron could set this up and use the tv.  The tuners also bring in channels over antenna that I never new were avaible.  The antenna HD chanells are excellent, the STD channels are so, so.  Stick to cable or satellite for STD channels.  My only dislike it the PIP is not actaully PIP.  It is more like a dual monitior.  You have to have to different sources connected for the PIP to work.  And then they both cannot be coaxel.  So the PIP is knid of a joke.  But if you want a 42in plasma for a heck of a good price with a awesome picture, that is simple to use, pick the samsung you will not be disappointed.  By the way I don't know what all the fuss is about the buzzing my doesn't buzz.