I've been very impressed with this TV for more than 5 years. I would highly recommend it if it were still for sale.I purchased mine directly through sharpusa.com in early September 2007. I got a special deal through my company (Sharp was a client), 50% off at the time, for a total of $1,000. I got it a bit earlier than retail stores and Sharp's website didn't even acknowledge the model at the time I got it. It may have been from the batch of models that they send to reviewers.I immediately did a full calibration on my TV and it has looked perfect for 5 years with:- No dead pixels- No banding- No ghosting- No dimming back-light- No sudden shut-off issues- No sound issues- No HDMI or other input issues (VCR, DVD, PS3, BluRay, XBox 360, Wii, etc...)- No issues of any kind, whatsoever, no howWe have used the TV at home for a total of several thousand hours. Sometimes we leave the TV on all day and all night (by mistake) and we haven't had a single issue.We have also moved 3 times with the TV with no issues with flexing or breakage during transport, nor any issues with the display afterwards.There were some firmware updates for the TV. I have no idea what they changed but they certainly didn't hurt the TV. It was easy enough as downloading the firmware package to a USB thumbdrive and selecting the update feature in the menu.The only time I ever thought that the TV was going out was when my PS3 would take 10 minutes to show up on screen with the image flickering black on and off faster and faster until it stayed on the HDMI signal. Well, much to my delight the problem was the HDMI cable (go figure). Swapping that out with a $2 monoprice cable solved the problem. I'll never buy an HDMI cable in the store again.It sucks that a few people have suffered through faulty models. I'm honestly sad to hear it because I love mine so much. I have no reason to get rid of it. I have it calibrated just how I want it and I see no reason to replace it. When it breaks I'm going to have a hell of a time finding a replacement to my liking.As for price, the list price was $2,000 at release (according to SharpUSA) and I got it for $1,000. I thought that was a great deal at the time. However, I just bought my mom a 47" LG 3D TV for $400 at a retail store this month. What an amazing advancement in cost-cutting.If anyone is interested in my calibration settings, send me a comment and I'll list them all out.