I bought this TV in November 2010 and I'd have to say I am thrilled with it. It is huge, no doubt, but actually does not look disproportionate now that it is parked nicely in the corner of my den on a 73" wide console. The picture quality is pretty amazing and it really strikes you when watching a Blu-ray. The picture is so good in fact that it makes the deficiencies in other picture sources obvious. I have DirecTV hi-def hooked up via HDMI and while it looks great, it makes me wish I could watch everything in 1080P all the time.Delivery was quick and free. I ordered on a Friday and it was in my den on Wednesday. Two delivery guys brought it in and set it in place for me which was nice. Not sure if my Amazon prime membership had anything to do with this or not.Pricing - I searched for lower pricing online for the 2 weeks after my order shipped and while I did find it cheaper on a couple of sites, Amazon did not honor them for price protection. I was told that they were not authorized Mitsubishi dealers. None of the approved competitor sites on Amazon's list seem to carry this TV. Which brings up another point, it's difficult to find anyplace to see it before buying. Certainly nowhere around here in NC had it. So I bought it sight-unseen and felt OK about that due to the no hassle/free return guarantee from Amazon. Once I got it setup, I knew I had not made a bad decision. Was it worth $5200? I would say yes. Also keep in mind when checking other sites for pricing, even if they say free delivery they do not mean inside delivery. They drop it in your driveway and you take it from there. It's much nicer having someone else do the lifting and taking the packing materials away.I also sprung for the 3D add-on kit. I'm not sold on 3D but thought I would give it a try since the TV supports it and since DirecTV is offering some limited 3D content. Having nothing to measure this against I would say that the 3D picture looks good but I'm just not that crazy about it, or sitting around with dark glasses on. It's just not that comfortable for me personally but at least we have it in place and can take advantage of new programming options as they become available.Thumbs up on this purchase. We're happy with it.