I've owned this television for just over three weeks and will admit in the beginning that I do not know all the bells and whistles as of yet. This television is phenominal with picture clarity and gives you so many different options to tweak the picture and audio to your individual specifications. I haven't adjusted anything out of the box yet because I am impressed with factory settings.I shopped around for a television for three months. I narrowed it down to the Samsung LNT5271F and this model. Samsung looked awesome, but issues with reflectivity on the glossy finish and the playback of movies and programs on the Samsung looked too cartoonish and fake. I looked at this Sony model in four different retail locations under different lighting conditions and was impressed with the quality in the picture. Sound didn't worry me a bit because I have playback of that through a receiver and home theater set up at home.Blu-ray looks unbelievable on this television. Almost like you can walk right into the screen and be a part of the film as you watch it. Standard DVD looks great as well with the HDMI upconversion capability. I have satellite hooked into the TV also through HDMI and picture looks great there also. Some standard definition television shows struggle to bring in the full picture quality, but I feel that technology will upconvert to the television and that this television will not be obsolete to all the FCC regulations and forthcoming changes in technology.In reading other consumer reviews on this television, some claim to be disappointed with fast motion in football, basketball or other sporting shows they watch. The Motionflow assists with this issue; however, I have yet to use it for any sporting event I watch. The event is crystal clear and easy to follow fast motion things like football throw, puck pass/shoot, etc.I'm very pleased with every aspect of this television thus far and highly recommend it to those consumers who are looking for a huge technological leap and looking for a television that is prepared for the future.