Samsung LN46A650 46-Inch 1080p 120Hz LCD HDTV with RED Touch of ColorAfter much searching, saving, and waiting for the black friday ads to be posted this year, we finally were able to buy this TV knowing that Amazon was going to have the best price.  Sure, some have this TV on sale for $1499.99, but add tax and shipping and you are paying close to $1700.00.  We went to many stores and compared size and picture quality and nothing was able to beat the price and picture on this baby.  HD through a cable box looks great.  I was a bit worried after seeing the poor quality of other Samsung LCD's in some family and friend's homes.  I worried for nothing.We were also worried about the glare we might experience as this TV sits opposite a huge window with an eastern exposure.  We had to move our previous TV due to the glare being so severe.  I am happy to report that with the curtains open, that the glare is not noticable on this TV.  Sure you can see it if you look for it, but it doesnt distract from the picture like our previous TV did.  With the shades drawn ( and the curtains are thin), you cant even see the glare.The speakers are a joke on this TV, I mean, I wouldnt even call these things speakers.  That said, I didnt drop the rating to 4 stars cause well, with this kind of picture, you have to have surround sound to even compare the two.  I dont think any MFG speaker could compete with that picture.We just bought a PS3 and connected it via HDMI.  WOW! We are big movie buffs and watching some of these movies on Blu Ray is like watching them again for the first time.  The picture is pristine!  I truly never thought I would be able to capture the same crystal clear picture I have seen in the store so many times, but I am happy to say I have.  This was well worth the money spent.  I am perfectly happy with this TV.The touch of color bezel is also beautuful.  It certainly adds a touch of class to the TV and to any room you put it in.  We have had numerous compliments on the TV since we've had it these past few months.  From the amazing picture to the beutiful touch of color, this TV brings a smile to our faces!