Just received this TV yesterday and had it up and running in no time at all. I have successfully connected my Cox HD-DVR, Roku (Netflix device), and Pioneer DVD player (1080p upconvert) to the TV...all with new HDMI cables. Visually this TV looks great, I like the piano black finish and the slight champagne gradiant at the bottom...will look even better once we get it up on our wall I think (wife likes the look too).Upon first powering it up I was greeted with a few simple setup questions all laid out nicely on a very easy to read menu system. Once done I was up and running on our Cox HD-DVR. I went to a basketball game that was on and being broadcast in 1080i. Wow, simply wow. Amazing picture quality...and I hadn't even tweaked the settings yet. After watching a few more channels I switched over to my son's Cars (Pixar movie) DVD to check out the 1080p upconvert and the 120Hz dejudder capabilities. I had never really been able to detect the difference of this in big stores, but wow in the Cars movie at home it was very evident and actually looked really cool. The animation was sooo much smoother, it took a little getting used to but now I'm just amazed at it. Some might not like it, but I think most will.SD channels actually look suprsingly ok. Was expecting them to look like total crap on this size TV, but they dont.Later in the evening I started to get down to adjusting the video settings to get the blacks a litter better and the color to be just right (for my eyes anyway). Took about 30-40 mins but I think I have everything set the way I like it, and it looks even better than the initial settings. Blacks are VERY good.For $1468 shipped, this is an amazing TV. Sure it doesn't have some of the newest bells and whistles...but for some of us who don't have a need for those or the added cost, its nice (ie, ethernet port, USB port, 240Hz, etc).There are only 2 little downsides I have come across:1) The sound is only so-so, but that was to be expected...most TVs just aren't spectacular. The sound is very clear, and voices are easy to hear/understand...but just no bass at all. So movies seem a little drab in the sound department. We will be adding a sound bar soon.2) The viewing angle could be a little better I think. The image gets a little washed as you move to the sides of the TV. I was able to minimize some of it by tweaking the backlight level and contrast/brightness. But still could be better. The stand on this unit swivels though, so we just angle it towards the couch or chairs we will be in and the problem is solved.