Today is a first of several reviews I will post regarding the first of several reviews of the Panasonic VIERA TC-P54VT25 54-inch 1080p 3D Plasma HDTV, Black.  I had already purchased a Samsung LN46A850 46-Inch 1080p 120Hz LCD HDTV with RED Touch of Color last year (actually 2009), and it's the latest model for that year that was going for 3x today's price! Not even the local stores had that model, and I got it online.  But enough of that. Today we will discuss my upgrade to Panasonic's 3D Plasma. I should have gone with Plasma the first time around--instead of buying the LCD. And maybe LED might be the new technology, but I am now convinced that Plasma is tough to beat! This 3D HDTV is all that Consumer Reports has stated it is after testing.  I am fully satisfied with this purchase...and if you're looking for Theater Quality viewing and sound, this is the TV for you!  The images are crisp, clear, and colorful!  The 3D effects with the glasses are amazing--no matter what angle you place your head!  When looking for a new HDTV a few years back, I originally was looking at the Plasma by Panasonic, but I shied away because of the alleged power wattage costs of the plasma and decided to go with the less costly LCD.  But I was never happy with the viewing image of the 120Hz LCD.  I really have not seen any big change with the 240Hz LCD.  Plasma has improved so much--from the days of ghost images or screen burns--that it no longer is something to worry about.  The annual cost might still be an issue for some, but I think that if the quality of the image is easier on my eyes, then the cost of plasma is a better deal.  Those of you who wear eye glasses might agree with me.  And the use of the 3D glasses over your eye glassware is not a problem with these neat-looking high-tech eyewear. Viewing TV, movies, Blue-Ray, and 3D movies for the past seven days has been wonderful!  My wife, who has been concerned about the effects of 3D on the eyes, has come to appreciate the better quality of picture viewing.  Since this is a series of reviews I will share with Amazon customers, I will stop here for now.  One more thing...the price: it was a steal!  As soon as I purchased the 3D TV, the price shot back up to its original price!  That was a 45% increase for the price I got it!  I am very happy I purchased it when I did!  Amazon has been my primary source of purchases online since I became disabled and the prices are so much better than many local stores and online businesses.  And with Prime most of my shipments don't cost anything extra!