I've had this TV for a little over a month at the time of this writing.  It's proven to be very nice.  The picture is super clear, bright in the right places, crisp, and the 3D performance is very good and fun (I have nothing to really compare the 3D performance to, but it works as I expect it to).  There are a few things about this set that could use some improvement; It takes a VERY long time to warm up when first turned on! There is practically no indication that it's doing anything during this period, other than a tiny, nearly inaudible 'click' and a tiny LED indicator that doesn't stay on the whole time.  The set is quite slow to change resolutions! I use a DirectTV HD DVR as my source/tuner. Any time the source changes from one resolution to another, the TV goes blank for what seems like a long time (probably 10 seconds or less, but it feels longer).  Also, when changing from 2D programming to 3D programming, or when turning on the virtual 3D rendering on 2D sources, this lag exists.  Also, when using Netflix or other online features, the set is quite slow to get to where it needs to go.  Once there, it works fine.  I've watched one Netflix movie, over my home wireless network, where the access point is in the same room.  Initial buffering took what I thought was a long time, but I had NO dropouts or delays for buffering once the movie started, and the picture quality was quite acceptable to me.  I am not an audio/video-phile, and my standards are probably lower than some, but I have been in the AV business for 30+ years, and find this set to be a very good value for the money.  I've continued watching prices, and even during the sales season, I have not seen another 47" or similar 3D LED-LCD TV on the market from any manufacturer at a better price than I paid here, especially considering 2-day shipping to my door and 12-months same-as-cash financing!  Time will tell if this set will outlast the one it replaced; a Vizio that died after about 3 years, but so far, I'm happy with my purchase, and with the service I received from Amazon!