I bought the Coby LEDTV2326 after researching affordable tvs to replace a failing Audiovox LCD TV/DVD combo I've had in my kitchen for six years.  It gets a lot of use, as the kitchen is the hub of our house.  I decided to forego the built-in DVD player, as convenient as it has been, because I wanted to keep the price down, and I have two extra DVD players just collecting dust in the basement.  One sits atop the fridge now.Upon unboxing, I was impressed with the thin, sleek build of the Coby.  Five minutes later it was hooked up and searching for channels...it's that easy.  I have it connected to standard cable, so it found the expected 58 or so SD channels.  I was surprised to see that it also found 45 HD channels...I expected some, thanks to its QAM tuner, but not nearly that many.  Bonus.HD picture quality is beautiful.  I can't say anything more.SD picture quality is sub-par when compared to other HDTVs I own, and others I've seen.  It's not great...but its watchable.DVD quality (480p) is quite good.  Not HD, but very crisp.  Blows SD cable away.One more thing to note about the picture - I can definitely see bright spotting around the perimeter when the screen is totally black...this indicates poor back (edge) lighting.  Were it my main tv, it would go back for this.  It's a kitchen tv.  No big deal.Now for the sound...I've never heard worse sound quality from any tv in my life...and I'm a videophile, so I've experienced a lot of tvs.  It sounds like you're trying to listen via a pair of crappy headphones sitting on the table in front of you.  It's literally unbearable.  Thank God they included a headphone jack.  I bought a $25 pair of decent computer speakers to solve the problem.  It sounds great now.Overall, if you're looking for a good display for mainly HD or DVD duty, and you're willing to augment (replace) the included sound with a cheap pair of computer speakers, buy this tv.  It's definitely worth two bills.  If, however, you don't like the idea of separate speakers and just want a plug-and-play tv, buy something else...one with forward-facing speakers (hard to find, but obvious due to the perforated grilles you'll see under the screen).  Any display this size with down-facing speakers (the majority) is going to sound like crap.11/14/11 UPDATE - after five short months of use, the LED edgelight is failing.  It will start to flicker, then go completely black.  If you look closely, you can see that the LCD screen is still producing an image, but there is no backlight.  With the piddly 90 day warranty, I'm out $200.  Stick to the major brands.  Don't buy this.