UPDATE II:  Keeping a long story short, Samsung refunded me the $45 I spent on the unusable audio cable. At first, they did not understand why I couldn't undo the entire installation to salvage the cable. When I pointed out to them that people pay hundreds of dollars for an installation, they saw my point. They did not seem so hot on getting the word out or updating their manual, even though they admitted that it was wrong. So, if anyone else has similar problems, I hope you might find the trail I blazed useful. Samsung Executive Customer Relations' phone number is 800-522-7341. And for reference, my case number was 3000115125.UPDATE: I finally got up the strength to stay on hold with Samsung customer support.They admitted that the manual has incorrect information.  In other words, this TV cannot output 5.1 Channel surround sound.  Go figure.++++I am very happy with this television for most of the reasons described in the other comments.Here are some words about the audio. I ran an HDMI cable from my cable box to my TV and I ran a second HDMI cable from my DVD to my TV. Then, I connected an optical audio cable from my TV to my receiver. I found that in this set-up, the TV is not capable of bypassing the full audio signal. The result is that you cannot listen to surround sound in over two channels. This means, you cannot, for exmaple, listen to movies in 5.1 Dolby surround mode. The solution is to wire the cable box and the dvd player (and any other components you may wish) directly into the receiver. Of course, this means you have more buttons to push each time you want to watch something. And it also means that you need to have plenty of input jacks on your receiver for digital audio. And of course, you need to buy the extra cables.Incidentally, the TV manual does say that it can bypass 5.1 channel audio. I have a new samsung DVD player plugged into the TV, and the 5.1 channel audio bypass does not work.  So my conclusion is that contrary to what the manual says, the TV can only bypass 2 channel audio. I had a long discussion with tech support at Crutchfield (I bought my receiver from them). He agreed that the TV likely cannot do what the manual says it should do.I installed the TV and sound system myself. I mounted the TV on the wall and ran the cables through the wall.I have disconnected the audio cable and will leave it unused as a sacrifice to the home entertainment gods instead of trying to salvage it. I have bought two new audio cables so that I can connect the DVD player and the cable box directly to the receiver.