I used to think Sony was a name I could trust... as if they were the Honda of TV's. But I am rethinking that.First off, don't buy a TV through the mail. We bought ours directly from Sony. It arrived in good time. However after a few hours of watching it, the left half of the screen started to flicker. Soon after it got worse then it was nothing but colorful, vertical solid lines.After being passed around several times by Sony's customer service (none of whom speaks clear english), they finally told me to call a repair guy. I did, and took time off work to meet him. He told me that they needed to order a new 'panel' and that it will take one month for it to arrive. He also told me that the part may or may not fix the problem, and that the he will need my assistance installing it. At that point I said forget it, I am not taking off work again for something that may or may not work. Especially since this was a brand new TV, I expected a replacement TV. Again after over an hour of trying to get a hold of the right customer service rep, they told me I can return the TV, but Sony refused to ship out a replacement.Mind you, they do not package these TV's in a normal box, but a couple of layers of cardboard that needs to be binded (strapped) together. I did not have a binder or straps, so I used rolls of wire and duct tape from the garage.To make things worse, we got the sony credit card to get free interest. This was a mistake because it takes 30-90 days to process the return. So Sony has their TV back, but it is "in process" for a credit. We spoke with the sony credit card people and they said that we still have to make the payments if the return is not credited to our account. She said that once the return is credited then they will refund our money.As this is my first HD TV, I can only assume this process would be easier if I had bought from the store. You can return it to the store... right? Sure, you may save a few hundred dollars buying online... but trust me... don't take the risk. There is too much technology involved and there is a greater risk of something going wrong. I don't want to be disappointed with Sony, but I am.