I've wanted an HDTV for a long time. Ever since I set my eyes on the crisp picture and vibrant color that high definition had to offer I was determined to have one. So after years of waiting and saving I finally decided I was going to take the plunge. I took the time to do my research and after a month or so of comparing reviews and staring aimlessly at in store floor models I decided that the Sharp Aquos 46 inch LCD HDTV was exactly what I was looking for. After all, it was a quality product that got great reviews at a comparable price, how could I possibly go wrong?After I bought my television I took it home and carefully unpacked it, plugged it, turned it on and basked in all the glory that Sharp had to offer. For a short time, the relationship was a good one. I came home and it dazzled me with a crisp fluid picture, superior sound, and a full 1080p resolution, I was in love. A whole new world was at my finger tips, Dirty Jobs never looked so dirty, I was totally smitten. Then suddenly without notice, everything changed.The screen went black and the sound went off. This happened in 20 to 25 minute intervals. Frustrated, I did what every good consumer would do, I called customer support. Naturally they walked me through all the obvious troubleshooting steps, is the TV on? Is the power chord plugged in? Is the sleep timer on? No, no and no. Twenty five wasted Verizon minutes later they decided they were going to send out a tv repair man to resolve the issue. Keep in mind, at this point I'd owned the TV for one month. The repairman determined (on the phone) the problem was the circuit board. How can you determine the solution to a problem without physically diagnosing it? Initially, after the parts were replaced everything went smoothly. The TV, by all accounts, was running full steam...at least for a little while.Within three days, the screen went black and the sound went off...again. I sat on my couch perplexed, how could Sharp put out such a subpar product? What ever happened to the customers always right? After all I owned the product for little over a month, don't I deserve a new television? I guess not. Suffice to say I'm not happy. Tomorrow I'll call Sharp again, and most likely they'll be sending out ANOTHER repairman to not fix my television. So if I could give you one piece of advice it's this, save your money and by a Sony.