The HD picture quality is top notch. The majority of the HD content that I view is from the local over-the-air broadcasts. For my extended service I use DirecTV. This is where I was surprised on how well it delivers the picture. I have a Samsung 50" DLP also, and while HD content looks great on it, regular programming displays rather poorly. I have noticed this to some degree comparing other DLP, Plasma, LCD sets, but Samsung really delivers a clean image with the HP-S4253 that is ignorant of the signal.The sound quality is fine for a set in this price range. The virtual surround stuff does a good job at tricking your ears, but there is no replacement for an actual home theater system if you are looking to really experience your programming.The functional features are solid, but nothing that really is not on similar models from other vendors. The external appearance of the set is very nice, but I care more about the part that you look at 99% of the time, rather than impressing any one who may stop by. The remote is fine, but Samsung does not put "back" button on their remotes. Most folks use a universal of some sort anyhow.Eagle shipping did their job. They called ahead, arrived on time and placed the television on the stand for me.Here are a few miscellaneous notes that may be helpful:Burn-in is less of a problem with modern plasma sets, but should still be taken seriously. It is noted in the product guide, as are the simple instructions to avoid it. In short, don't leave a program on with a dark fixed image for more than a few hours at a time during the sets first few weeks of use. That includes, of course, the  vertical or horizontal bars that may appear when the programs aspect ratio is not the same as the unit. For example, I made sure to toggle the zoom every 30 minutes or so during the first few DVD movies I watched that had horizontal bars.If you are near a major city (within 25 miles) pick up an antenna and check out all of the HD programming that is out there now. Not only is it FREE (minus the antenna cost), it is a noticeably better image than the HD content you pay for on cable or satellite. The local towers send out an uncompressed image and typically use as much as 30Mb, while our beloved cable and satellite providers must compress a multiple HD channels into as little as 5Mb. The HD content on paid providers still look very good though, so don't let this deter you from subscribing to those if you are interested in some the channels they offer.Enjoy your new TV.