Bought this a few months ago - tinkered around with all the settings - hooked it up to my PS3(80gb model - the best!!) - used DVD & blu-ray calibration disks to fine-tune and after endless hours of experimentation the results are satisfying - if not spectacular.1) Connections - has more than what you might normally need, unless you are a hardcore techie setting up a really hifi home-theater setup. Go thru the specs2) Audio - from a layman's perspective(& I would consider myself slightly up the curve compared to a layman), audio is excellent. Bass is terrific - (pseudo)surround-sound works like magic with TV programs that broadcast in surround sound - it is not tinny to hear. Supports optical digital out which might be downmixed to dolby pro-logic. That should not matter in case you are feeding audio from your sources to your home-theater receiver. IMP NOTE - if you hook-up your AV source to this TV via HDMI, audio is downmixed to 2-ch LPCM. (Note that LPCM is pure uncompressed, better than compressed formats like dolby digital or DTS, channel for channel - of course, this is 2-ch so again recommendation is to connect your AV source to your home theater receiver).3) Video - this is spectacular. This TV is billed as a 1080i but make no mistake it accepts full 1080p inputs. The result (my viewing distance is around 8 ft) is indistinguishable from an equivalent 1080p (I spent tons of hours in research and comparison). Colors, detail & sharpness are ourstanding when watching BD movies from my PS3 hooked up via HDMI. Absolutely no complaints.IMP NOTE - it is essential that you spend time calibrating all the myriad pic options to suit you best. I found that if I started by setting all options "dead center or middle" and then tweaking each one as high as my eye found pleasing, with final fine-tuning touches by using calibration DVDs, results were spectacular. Spend time on these calibrations and your labors will be rewarded.I DO NOT have HD TV transmission - have regular DirecTV but the results are still VERY GOOD. Yes, there is a slight smudginess etc(will be there when you watch regular transmission on ANY HDTV) but this one likely deals with it in the best possible way. The results are as if you are watching the best quality VHS tape and oh yes - the south asian channels that I get - for some reason look almost HD-like on this TV.I got it on sale for 839/- and in its size-class this is probably the best one for the price, still!!!! Go TOSHIBA REGZA!!!