Since Sony made their last CRT TV in May, this has been my first foray into the world of flat screens. Not an expert, but I made sure to do my homework and ended up with the Samsung 32" 1080p LCD HDTV.PROS:1. Brand name. Samsung is a recognizable name, a Consumer Reports recommended buy, and not nearly as overpriced as Sony.2. LCD. LCDs have a better picture in brightly lit rooms. Avoid plasma if you have a lot of light.3. Cool case. Samsung has the coolest looking case, hands down. OK, I take that back. Sony XBR2 has the coolest looking case, but Samsung has the coolest looking AFFORDABLE case.4. Size. The 32" has the best picture quality of all the larger TVs. Any larger on an LCD, and the picture for standard definition TV gets fuzzy. And at 32", you don't look like you're compensating for anything.5. Lots of holes in back. You can plug everything you own into the back of this thing: DVI, HDMI, PC, and multiple sets of all the usual suspects. There's a set of holes hidden along the side, too, for easy access.CONS:1. Brand name. You pay a little more for Samsung than for a less recognized name that Consumer Reports says will perform just as well.2. LCD. In a darker room, plasma will have better contrast and deeper blacks. Tweak the picture settings on this TV, though, and you can have a satisfactory picture all day (and night) long.3. Cool case. It's shiny. In a well lit room, that means it reflects light. Be mindful of how you position this TV in relation to your windows and lamps. You're best off having windows and lamps behind it or to the side, and not directly across from it. Otherwise, the reflections dancing along the case can be distracting during boring movies.4. Factory settings. Standard definition TV looks awful in the factory settings. You'll have to play with the brightness, contrast, sharpness, etc., to get a decent looking picture. "Decent looking" = comparable to ye olde tube TV, which I'm pleased to report LCD technology can now sufficiently mimic.NOTE:- I haven't watched anything in high definition on this TV. (No HD channels and no DVD player yet.) Looked purdy in the store display, though.- 1080p will be appreciated by picture snobs only. If you plan to mainly watch standard definition TV, 720p and 1080p will look exactly the same. You will only notice a difference in HD, and only if you're sensitive to a high definition picture. (If you were happy with your tube TV and don't need anything better than that, stick to 720p. It will still outperform your needs.)Overall, I'm happy with it. My fiance is a picture snob, and he's happy with it, too.