After a considerable amount of time and energy spent learning about HDTV and conducting research on reviews, both in the trade and personal reviews, plus comparing prices,I purchased this TV from Amazon (one of MANY purchases from this amazing dotcom).Expecting it to arrive on January 17th (as per Amazon), I actually received it on January 15th.This was accomplished because I tracked the movement of the order, and as soon as it arrived from Pennsylvania to Miami, I called Eagle Airfreight, was given a phone number for the local trucker, and I made arrangements with them to deliver the TV while I was off work due to Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day. Otherwise, I'd have to take off from work to be home to sign for the delivery. Note that Eagle could not have called me to make delivery arrangements because Amazon did not provide my telephone number to them - if I didn't call Eagle, I don't know how they'd make arrangements to delivery the TV without further delay, so do acknowledge the caveat.When I spoke to the dispatcher in charge of local delivery, to make delivery arrangements, I also asked her about the responsibilities of the delivery men. She advised me that they will unbox the TV, place it on your furniture and take the box with them (if you wish). They will not mount the TV to the wall, and they will not wait for you to turn it on to check its operation.The delivery men were courteous and careful.They called me about half an hour in advance of the delivery, and had it in my house 45 minutes before the close of the "delivery window" (9AM-1 PM).I purchased the TV when Amazon had it listed for $1299.99, now it is more -lucky me.My Directv has not yet been upgraded to HD, yet I'm receiving gorgeous off-the-air transmissions using the Zenith Indoor HDTV Antenna(sold through Amazon, of course, and also received very quickly). The cable from this antenna is plugged into the Directv receiver "air in" antennareceptacle. The Zenith Antenna did NOT work when I attached its' cable directly to the "air in" antenna receptacle on the TV. Live and learn.I simply can't fathom how much more beautiful the images can be with HD - but I'll find out at the end of the month when Directv upgrades my system.I have no problems with the speakers rattling, as some few others claim.The TV is beautiful without even being turned on. It's a super-shiny black with "good lines" - a good companion to my Ford Ranger Edge, come to think of it (and my Black Labrador Retriever).Thanks to Amazon, Samsung and Eagle Airfreight !UPDATE: After awhile it dawned on me that the volume needed to be increased from the maximum offered. Fortunately, there's an "AUDIO OUT" capabilty, so I ordered a "ZVOX" from Amazon and it has worked wonderfully.