I searched for several months for a 3d tv with the perfect combination of size, quality and 3d for me for under 1k.  This matched everything for me.  The only downside I would see is that it is 720 but I checked out this TV at Best Buy to compare the difference between 1080 and 720 and I couldn't tell the difference...and honestly I believe that 9 out of 10 people would not be able to tell the difference.Picture quality superb and there is no blur with the 600hz refresh rate.  The colors are vivid and bright.  The blacks are truely deep black as only plasma can do.  Really changes the tv watching experience.  It has anti burn in technology so that should not be a concern for anyone.  The size it perfect for us.  We sit about 8 ft away and it is not overwhelming...it's just right.The 3d feature is amazing.  Adds great depth and realism.  I was torn between active vs passive technology.  But when I was looking at the effect ultimately the picture quality of a acitve tv is far superior to the passive technology.  For some people it doesn't make a difference but to me it does...because the passive 3d technology cuts the quality in half so you are effectively watching a high def movie in std def picture quality.  The only other concern then is the cost of the 3d glasses being about 50 per vs about 25 per with active...but I searched for used (like new/open box) glasses online and found them for 25 each so was a no brainer at that point to get this tv.I was lucky to buy this tv during the promotion of getting 2 3d glasses with my purchase so I only needed to buy 2 more to have enough for the whole family.  I bought a blu ray player that had all the wifi connection and all the apps which was much cheaper than trying to find a tv that had that built in...and I would have needed to buy a 3d blu ray player anyway to watch 3d movies so this works out a much better way of doing it.Overall a great buy and for anyone looking for a great high def tv for an amazing price I dont know why you would not consider this.  Also the warranty here is much better than Best Buy...4 year plan was going to cost me $200...buying it here cost me only $100..that was the icing on the cake...go buy it already!!