The word is Value here. For the price paid I'm satisfied and enjoy this TV. Have had it for about 4 months now and use it daily for approx 5 hours or so. Let me get the one little negative out of the way up front. The color is difficult to tune in and has no automatic color options. It also does not compare to my 50" 720 Panasonic Plazma I use in living room which has absolutely great color.Having said that I have gotten the color to a pretty good balance by using the following MENU settings on my TV:Picture Mode = STANDARDBrightness = 50Contrast = 50Color = 48Tint = 1Sharpness = 3Color Temperature = Standard and I leave at 50 for all three settingsDNR - AUTOThis works for me but you'll probably want to tweek a little to your liking. Be aware - You can spend hours and still end up in frustration if you are looking for perfection. If you want really sharp vivid colors - get another TV - like Panasonic. You'll have to pay more, but you'll get better colors.On the plus side once the color is set I like the picture. I can use this for a monitor if I ever want to - like when I'm thinking about hooking all my TV's, Computers, Music etc to the Internet and cancelling Comcast TV. Some form of master controller will allow this TV to work well watching I-TV via one of the DVI inputs to the controller which connect to a computer. So on that account I'm also glad I got this TV.I gave it a 5 star rating based on the price paid as well as the 1080 monitor capabilities. I see where some folks have had problems with their TV's. I believe lower prices means cutting corners, and one of those corners is probably Quality Control. Either you get a good one or you don't. This is just a guess, but chances are my experience is not unusual. I've got a good one going on 4 months and hope it lasts. You probably will too, and if you don't and you buy through Amazon, save your box and send it back if you have any problems.One more note: If my memory serves me, I believe Proscan used to be a very high end TV line back in the 80's and 90's. They must have sold out and the new owner decides to bring pricing down to reality. Could be they still offer a high end series - but I didn't see anything with a quick check.