I really wanted to like this TV. I had been researching TVs for months and really liked the features and reviews for the LG 42LD550. However, when that TV when out of stock, I moved on and decided on this TV (LG 42LD520) because it also had great reviews and features and was on sale for $578. I waited anxiously for this TV for five days (I ordered it on a Saturday) and I was more than excited for it when it finally arrived. I quickly unpacked the contents and assembled the TV and stand, placed it on my TV cart, put in my cable, and plugged it into the nearest outlet. Then, when I turned on the TV, the picture flashed for a millisecond and began to instantly flicker. The TV then rapidly turned off and on and a loud popping noise started coming from the back of the TV. Shortly after the popping sounds began, SMOKE started coming from the back top of the TV and I could smell a very strong fire odor. I immediately unplugged the TV. At first I thought the smoke was because the TV was still cold from coming from outside. So, I decided to walk my dog and left the TV unplugged and off for about two hours. I then plugged the TV back into the outlet and turned it on. The picture stayed on longer this time, but it was still flickering. Not only that, but the popping noise from the back of the TV was LOUDER and even MORE SMOKE and a STRONGER burning odor came from the back of the TV. I thought the entire set was going to catch on fire. So, like before, I immediately turned off the TV and unplugged it. However, unlike last time, I was not going to wait and plug it back in. I had come to terms that this TV was terminally defective. So, I called Amazon's excellent customer service department and the nice rep arranged for UPS to pick up the defective TV, issued me a full refund, and gave me a $15 credit and free one-day shipping on my next purchase. I would have liked to try this TV again in order to see if my TV was just a bad apple in an otherwise exceptional bunch, but they were out of stock at Amazon, hence the refund. I am very disappointed in my purchase and wish that I had had a similar experience as prior 5 and 4-star reviews, but I did not. I hope that others TVs work and that they do not receive the fire hazard that I did.