My 6 year old 62" Mitsubishi DLP finally croaked so I bought a Sony LED - 3D ready 55" TV. It lasted for about 2 hours when an orange bar appeared on the left side and never went away. Defective. SO I returned it and ordered a 65" Mitsubishi DLP hoping I would get a better picture than the previous Mitsubishi. Here's where I got disappointed. I got a slightly better picture but the blacks still had aftifacting and I noticed slight banding that I had with the previous Mits but figured it's 6 years later, there has to be something out there with nice smooth, dark blacks and a better picture. So I ordered the 60" Samsung LED. I wanted the high end 3D ready but at almost $4,000 - $5,000, it was out of the question. Even paying $2500 for a 60" non 3D LED was kinda pushing it. No 3D - at least this year. When the set arrived, I was astonished how thin it was - 1" thin!! And it was an amazing picture right out of the box. TRULY AMAZING! I've heard others reviewers say almost "3D like" quality. (Yeah. Right.) But they were absolutely right. It's almost like you could reach into the TV and be part of the experience. Now, here's where it gets even more confusing. I watched a standard DVD from my PS3. It was so realistic it looked like it was shot on videotape. It was so clear and "3D" like, it was really hard to get use to. I can only compare it to like watching a daytime soap opera. I thought at first it was the DVD "Life As We Know It" maybe shot on videotape? So I put in another older standard DVD and the SAME THING! WAY TOO CLEAR!! Razor sharp, smooth quality. After a few hours, I finally accepted that "THIS IS GOOD!" As for Blu Rays - simply astonishing. This all may have something to do with the high speed HDMI cable I use from the receiver to the TV which converts it to 1080P. Watching regular TV is very very good but Time Warner does not broadcast in 1080P only 1080i. But the HD channels are still amazing. Since I'm 6 years behind technology it's my fault for not keeping up with what's out there. I'm looking forward to seeing what TVs will offer 6 years from now. Maybe sitting in the middle of an actual movie and being part of it? Now, THAT wouuld be great!!