My wife and I purchased a Samsung LN46A650 last week based upon the Amazon customer reviews and Consumer Reports.The product was shipped via CEVA then via "UP Special Delivery".  One tip about UP Special Delivery, make sure you ask the driver to stay until your TV is unpacked (no cracked screen), turned on, and confirmed working.  The delivery guy was hinting he wanted to leave as soon as he got it in the house.  The drivers are not experienced in setting up electronic equipment.  I downloaded the PDF manual prior to delivery and did my homework to speed up the "In home setup" that was included with delivery per CEVA.This is our fist HD TV and the picture is simply gorgeous.  Unbelievable clarity and true dark blacks.  I'm a computer graphics freak so I'm extremely critical when it comes to clarity of LCDs and the Samsung LN46A650 has done nothing but impress me.  This TV is as good or better than most plasmas I've seen.  Our HD channels are so clear that is takes some getting use to. It almost makes me nauseous during busy motion scenes.  The movie "Live Free Or Die Hard" is insanely clear.  Bruce Willis looks like he's standing outside a window (our TV). The TV even upgrades\converts our standard DVD movies so they look like HD, super clear!  In fact, my standard DVD movies look so great I'm considering not purchasing a PS3 (for Blu-ray player).  I compared playing our standard DVD movies along side my neighbor's PS3 (Spider-Man 3 on Blu-ray) and it was very hard to tell the difference.  The touch of red border is beautiful but subtle. It looks like a deep cherry that fades into black as it gets closer to the LCD panel.Our TV has never sporadically shutdown because it shipped with the firmware update already applied, which means no USB key was included.  Plus, Samsung customer support is simply awesome, so far.  I've called support three times, twice pre-purchase and once post-purchase and I promptly received polite and knowledgeable answers to my questions.The TV does take about 5 seconds to boot up and detect connected media but who cares!  This is expected from such a complex electronic unit. Have we really become that impatient\jaded with technology?Conclusion: This product is well worth the money and with 36 months ZERO interest how can you go wrong? Get it, you won't be disappointed at all.