I replaced a 56-inch Toshiba DLP rear projection set with this 46-inch LCD model from Samsung. At first, I was a little hesitant to drop my screen size 10 inches, and was even MORE hesitant about mounting such a large TV on my living room wall.After a few weeks of research including trips to various electronics stores, reading reviews on CNET, Consumer Reports, and others, I learned that Samsung is moving to the forefront of the LCD industry, and I can definitely see why. After purchasing the TV and getting it up on the wall, I can't believe I didn't do this sooner.The picture on the 650 model is amazing, even compared to my old DLP set (which had a pretty fantastic picture in its own right). To me, the most important facet of a TV's picture is the sharpness of an image (i.e. how rich and true its black levels are, and how crisp and defined images look). In this price range, I haven't seen another TV that even comes close to the image quality on the 650. High-definition programs in 1080i look amazing. Blu-ray movies and Playstation 3 games in 1080p will absolutely blow your mind.The 120Hz processing feature makes sports come to life. The "blurred ball" effect is virtually removed, and every replay seems to come to life because it's so smooth. In fact, the 120 Hz processing is SO effective, that I have to turn it off during movies and TV shows, because it makes the picture look TOO realistic, and can make pre-recorded film look like live live-action TV video.As far as mounting the TV, getting it connected and all that other stuff . . . . . piece of cake. Plenty of outputs (even I can't fill 4 HDMI). For true videophiles, there are a number of different options to fine-tune the picture quality. On-screen menus and the remote are a breeze to navigate.I was a little worried about the red accents along the outer edge of the TV, but in all honesty, you don't even notice them unless the TV is getting direct sunlight. At night, or with the blinds closed, you can barely even tell the red accent is there.I can't recommend this TV enough. If you're looking to make that next jump into HDTV, don't look anywhere else but Samsung and Sony. And, as far as value goes, the best bang for the buck is right here with Samsung's 650 series.