WHO TO BUY FROM: Amazon did not have this item in stock, so I waited for Amazon to have it in stock before buying - turned out to be the right decision. I bought another LCD tv last year from "ButterflyPhoto", a seller on Amazon's website, and it was a horrible experience. So I vowed never to buy a big ticket item from any other seller than Amazon on its site. Those sellers have such great reviews b/c if you get screwed like I did and the sale never goes through, you can never rate them. So only happy customers get to rate those sellers, hence the above-avg reviews.DELIVERY AND DEFECTIVE TV: I ordered the TV on a Thurs and it was delivered to my house on Tues. Pilot (carrier) called to schedule and appt, brought it into my house, took it out of the box and placed it on my tv stand, then made sure it worked before asking me to sign. But by Friday, a 1/2 cm black line appeared in the screen (yikes!). On Sat. I called Amazon and they were great in shipping out a replacement TV immediately at no extra cost to me (they even gave me the option to replace with another make/model). The new TV arrived the next Fri and Pilot packaged and removed the defective TV. The new TV works fine (so far, fingers crossed). After mentioning my ordeal to several friends, a few mentioned they had defective LCD TVs also - so I guess its not so uncommon.Dealing with Amazon is great. If I bought from those other sellers, I would have been left to deal with Sony via the warranty - No Thanks! Its worth the extra hundred dollars or so to go with Amazon.PICTURE QUALITY: The HD picture is amazing. I had a 2004 42' Sony WEGA that produced 1080i, but the Bravia is a much, much better HD picture (however, it seems Comcast broadcasts in 1080i, not 1080p). When watching sports on my WEGA, the picture could not handle fast action so well. The Bravia corrects this pretty well (via the 120hz) and there is definitely a noticable difference/improvement versus my old WEGA. The 120hz is well worth the money.BOTTOM LINE, at $1,823, I am happy with the TV even after the first one was defective. I found the Samsung to be too glossy a picture and didn't like the touch of red, so the 52v5100 was the perfect TV for me at that price. Buy from Amazon, not those other tricksters.