We have been living in 2002 for quite a while now, with a nice CRT, Sony DVD and A/V Receiver combo and 5.1 surround speakers. For Christmas we gave ourselves a new TV, HD Cable (our southern skyline is blocked, no satellite for us), and sound bar. And it all needed to mount on the wall, not dominate our family room, look good and sound good. And get rid of speakers and wires everywhere. After a ton of searching and research, we settled on 46" LCD-LED backlight as our best bet. We got the system at Best Buy, not Amazon, since a friend of ours is a store general manager and he took good care of us.What we got:Samsung UN46C6300 TVRocketfish full motion wall mountSamsung sound barTiVo Premiere systemThe Geek Squad came out and installed it and did a great job getting on the wall right where we wanted it, hooking everything up and even hauling off our packing materials and boxes so we wouldn't have to do it ourselves.What a difference! The TV picture in HiDef is incredible, vibrant, clear and detailed. It did require some calibration. If you turn the TV with the default picture settings, the HD movies and shows look unreal, almost like a Polar Express style cartoon ..... which looked really odd when we put in Polar Express! But once calibrated, the picture was great. The viewing angle is amazing. And we no longer have the screen washed out by the glare from our south facing windows in our family room.I can't really rate the speakers because we never turned them on. That said, I think anyone buying a Samsung TV in this class and price range should just go ahead and get the Samsung sound bar. It is 80% of a surround system, takes up essentially no extra space in your home theater space and is controlled by the same remote as the TV. It's a great addition and really brings the sound quality up to a more than acceptable level.DVDs playing on our DVD player still look quite good on this TV, but we are definitely going to add a Blu-Ray player soon. TiVo Premiere allows us to stream Netflix very easily and the movies and tv shows from the Instant Queue playback great. The TiVo peanut remote was able to be programmed for the TV very easily and we now control power, volume, input, etc. from the same remote as cable and TiVo are controlled from. If we get a Samsung Blu-Ray player I think we will achieve the nirvana of one remote WITHOUT having to buy one of those very expensive universal remotes by Harmon or Logitech.I can't speak highly enough of this TV, but I think adding on the extra components that we added made a significant difference. Oh, and the TV looks simply stunning on the wall. Totally changes the look and feel of our family room.5 stars and 2 thumbs up!