Chose this unit after studying them and being indecisive for about 2 years.  The price was the clincher.  For the price, you simply cannot find a better panel.  I also considered the LNT-4065F, but it was a little too wide for my armoire, and the glossy screen on that model made me a little nervous, since there's lots of windows in the room I use it in.The picture quality is amazing with a good 720p/1080i source, and SDTV signals are completely tolerable, sometimes even as good as a nice CRT.  There are configuration tutorials available on the web for picture tuning novices, and using one of them myself and then tweaking for my lighting situation and personal tastes has resulted in picture quality that I am genuinely thrilled with.  The TV has plenty of inputs, a great, easy to use remote, and is visually appealing (even if the glossy piano black falls easy prey to dust).The sound isn't great, but that's to be expected from TV's these days.  It's no worse than most other flat panels, and better than some.  I found that using the equalizer in the menu system to reduce the lower frequency channels compared to the others helps a whole lot with getting rid of the harshness and clipping the speakers can produce at factory settings.  Bottom line, if you're serious about sound, buy some external speakers.  For casual gaming, movie and tv watching, these speakers are fine.  They will not immerse you in the aural experience, and I don't know why anyone would expect them to.All in all, I really couldn't be happier with the purchase, and Amazon provided awesome value and service as usual.  The delivery service was sort of unprofessional, in that the delivery guys effectively spoke no english, and refused to unbox the TV even though my girlfriend explained that they were supposed to, but the guy I called at the delivery company said they were contractors, offered to send them back out to pick up the packaging and apologized.  Honestly I was so happy with the TV once it got here that I didn't really care about the delivery issues anymore.If you want a 40" LCD, and are looking in this price range, buy this one.  You won't be disappointed.