I ordered the TV last week and I am awaiting arrival. however, I wanted to give a tip to those purchasing or who have just purchased. I put the TV in my cart and started a chat with an Amazon representative. I found this same unit online at Samsclub for $698 and let them know so they would price match. I then got the prime membership $30 rebate on top of that price match. I just figured maybe that would help some people out. Even if you have already purchased it Amazon will price match up to 14 days after your order. (THE OFFER IS NOW GOOD FOR $20 OFF FOR PRIME MEMBERS MARCH 23 2014 however, that is subject to change of course)Update after I received the T.V.: Well, first of all, as far as the $30 rebate goes; I am not sure if that was just a deal going on during the time of my purchase so don't hold Amazon to that. It had nothing to do with getting an amazon credit card, it was just a "buy it now because prime members get $30 more off." That was an item of confusion for some it seems. Now to the TV...I got the tv and it was a very easy setup. The stand hooks on to the back by sliding it up into the tv and then mounting it. I suggest putting the tv face down on a table with a sheet over the table to do this. Like many have said, the stand is very wobbly. But I don't get up to randomly shake my tv too often so I am not worried about that. Plus I can go get a mount and mount it up for $20 and I am fine that way. I am not here to take stars away because of a wobbly stand. It doesn't wobble unless you wobble it.The speakers are on the back so I planned to go buy the Vizio sound bar to go with it. They have a nice easy setup to buy a bar or a bar and wireless subwoofer or both of those and speakers. But I turned on the tv, cranked up the sound and said "no way jose." It sounds just fine to me. If it ain't broke I ain't fixin' it. It really does sound great, and if you want more boom then you were planning on getting speakers or a subwoofer anyway so no complaining. The picture is great! If you find yourself wanting more brightness or whatnot, just go to settings and change things up. I was also really impressed that the light from my windows shinning directly on the tv did not drive me too crazy.This is the absolute best TV for your money. Get it now. Vizios last long and look great.