When the delivery truck arrived, I noticed that the model number on the carton was TC-P50VT25X. What was the X?  I had never seen that anywhere.  I accepted the TV, set it up, turned it on - beautiful picture.  Then I got curious about the X.  It turns out it means made in Mexico for the Latin American market.  The instruction manual is in English and Spanish but the warranty info is only in Spanish and all the authorized service centers are in Mexico; I'm in South Florida.Concerns:  Are there functional differences between the X and non-X models?  What is the warranty and will it be honored in the US?  I e-mailed Panasonic with my questions.  Response - not qualified to answer questions must contact Corporate about this model.  Ominous sign.  Called Panasonic Concierge - very helpful.  No functional differences.  They gave me the name and number of the closest authorized service center.  I feel better but still less that satisfied.  Panasonic web site will not accept the X model number.Enjoyed the TV for a month and then the power supply died.  Contacted the service center given to me by Concierge, Jupiter Electronics in Jupiter, FL, very helpful and responsive folks.  They walked me through a diagnostic procedure to determine what's broken (10 blinks of the red light).  They came the next day as promised,  replaced the defective part in less than an hour and the TV is working again.  That's customer service!My issues lie with Amazon and Panasonic.  Amazon should insure that the merchants they use will deliver exactly what's shown on the Amazon web site.  This merchant, Audio Video Communication Store, located in Miami, FL did not deliver the model shown on the web.  I will not order any more electronics via Amazon as it is virtually certain they would be shipped to me from the same merchant whom I can not trust.  Panasonic should not trouble its customers with their corporate fiefdoms unless they label their products for Latin America, El Panasonico, so it's obvious to customers.My rating would have been five stars but for the iffy reliability.