I must confess being almost completely baffled with my assessment to date of this much hyped new product offering from Sharp. After looking and reading multiple reviews regarding HDTV'S for at least 2 months, I decided to go with the Sharp in spite of not being able to locate one in a retail store in my geographic area. This in retrospect was not a great idea even though I have purchased many other products on line virtually without disappointment.First the Good: I am pleasantly surprised to discover that the sound quality of the internal speakers in this flat screen is much better than anticipated (although I have it connected to a bose computer speaker system which I already owned.) The overall materials quality appearance of the TV and remote control are also very nice.I must say that the TV remote is rather large but that attests to the relative complexity of this product offering. The blue glowing Sharp light is really unique and cool--it you don't like it then you can turn the light off as an option.The Not So Good: My daughter and I are not crazy about the Sharp's picture quality with a nagging tendancy towards being too dark. The rendering of the color black is sometimes exaggerated to the point of looking like that part of the image is totally missing. Yes there are numerous picture settings available but the point is that it should look very good without a struggle to make it so thru repeated adjustments! We have it set to Auto mode at present time because it seems to "average out" the video image overall without as many undesireable visual surprises.I also don't find the image as crisp and clear as a small Toshiba 720p flat screen which I am using in my bedroom. In fact, although going for about half the price, the Toshiba seems to have a much better image without the need to make any adjustments to the picture. I am even considering upgrading my Dish TV to HD in an effort to improve the Sharp's image, since it does not render analog very well.Other Considerations: I also purchased a Sharp blu ray player and the interconnectivity between both products is excellent.I think it fair to say that overall both my daughter and I are disappointed with this Sharp LED product. I am glad others are seemingly having more positive results. Please don't hesitate to respond and offer any suggestion you may have.