Like so many others, I was searching for prices on the Panasonic 42" plasma, when I came across a number of other consumers who "found" the Samsung, positively reviewed.I first purchased a Model 4253 from Amazon, and after it was delivered, found that the screen had burn-in. Although the packaging was bit suspect, I had assumed it was a new unit..."it just COULDN'T be burn-in".I called Samsung (the waiting-time for tech support...about 20 seconds!!!)...and when I explained the problem...they had a technician here the next day!!!The tech filed a report, it WAS burn-in. I had been shipped a demo unit!!!After I notified Amazon of the horrible fulfillmet provided by one of their vendors, they arranged to have the unit picked up immediately.As they had no more 4253's available at the price (1149 delivered), I opted for a sold-by-Amazon 4254, to replace it.It was $100 more...(newer model) but included white-glove delivery (unpacked, placed, and connected to 2 input devices).As for the set.... I love this TV!!! The picture is mesmerizing...with INCREDIBLE contrast. I have a heard a few grouse about the sound, but I have no complaints. Did I say the picture was incredible? It makes me want to watch TV just for the sake of watching. Plenty of controls to adjust virtually every aspect of the picture and sound...with decent presets, though a search of the net gave me some good recommendations. The anti-burn-in feature (pixel-shift) is nice...and there are plenty of inputs. I tried the HDMI connection, but got numerous Piracy-Blackouts from my Cablevision Scientific Atlanta box. Using the component cables gives me an equally stunning picture with none of the hassles...and the cables (35') were much less expensive than their HDMI counterparts...Using an HDMI to DVI cable, and an accompanying audio cable (glorified headphone extension cord), I am able to use the Samsung to watch computer downloaded videos, connecting my PC to my Samsung. As if I wasn't glued to the set enough.Based on my bad/good experience, I have to say Amazon made the process a pleasure..Samsung support seems fabulous...and I can't say enough about the set. The picture is so sweet, glare-free, with delicious, smooth blacks....(15,000 to 1 contrast) it makes me want to cry!Only minor complaint is that I can't jump directly to an input (right?), but have to cycle through the options to choose between, cable-box, Tivo, PC, DVD player, VCR and a few others (inputs can be "named").I should be flogged for nit-picking. This TV gives me the best picture I have ever seen. Period.Bravo!, Samsung, Bravo!