I used to always think that plasmas are a thing of the past, obsolete and dead, thanks to a lot of marketing push for LED-LCDs. I briefly owned a Samsung 6400 series 46 inch LED-LCD tv which had great picture, but the famous screen uniformity just drove me nuts. This is especially noticable when watching blue ray content because of which i returned and decided to do some research. A lot of stores like best buy and frys keep plasmas, led-lcds and lcds in different sections because of which you can make a fair comparison and try to push LED-LCDs to the customer. However the Magnolia store near my place displays them side by side. And this tv was placed beside a 55d8000 series samsung LED-LCD and i just could not take my eyes off the 55GT30, well i would have picked up the VT30 if it was in my budget. The blacks were way better and the screen was perfectly uniform. From that moment I made up my mind, and also thanks to the smart sales guys at the store who suggested me that LED-LCDs are just marketing BS.Pros:- Fantastic Black Levels- Thickness comparable to LED-LCDS.- Perfectly uniform screen.- Movies look very accurate in THX mode.- Not yet seen any image retention.Cons:- Sound could have been better.- Swivel does not rotate.- would have loved to have the thin bezel.- Out of the box i did notice the brightness randomly fluctuate and I was concerned, but i figured out that the CATS feature was turned on by default and after turning it off the problem was gone. CATS is the feature that varys the contrast based in ambient lighting. Please disable this once you receive your TV.Great Special pricing from amazon and great shipping. The shippers(CEVA) were very helpful, helped me unbox and install it.5 star service from Amazon..... THey are the best...Also BTW, i received the Tv in the third week of January, and this is a tv that was manufactured in Dec 2011. It came preloaded with the latest firmware so no update was required. So looks like amazon got a fresh batch of tvs from Panasonic which is great...Enjoyed the super bowl on it especially the half time show where the uniform deep blacks were a pleasure to view.