I did a lot of research before buying this TV.  I read reviews from CNET to Amazon and then went to a bunch of stores just staring at TVs (not recommended..).  I am a huge fan of Samsung audio and video, having owned a LCD TV for years as well as myriad Samsung computer monitors.The truth is that this TV is BEAUTIFUL.  The colors are rich and dark.  All white screens display a definite lack of brightness and luminosity, but that's a plasma thing.  I quickly got used to this and was quickly completely taken by the picture.  The features are great, audio was great, I even liked the remote.So, why the 2 stars? within a WEEK, I noticed a faint greyish rectangle at the top of the screen.  It was worse over light colors, and most noticeable in "eco" mode, which is where we want to run this TV.  We did all of the manual diagnostics and finally went to Samsung.For the record, their customer service was great.  We got a response quickly, even though it was a bit of a dead end initially.My husband finally found the problem - it was image burn in (after a WEEK). The news channel he watches runs a bar at the top of the screen with their logo.  He watches that channel all day, as he works at home.  We ran the TV on Eco, with pixel shifting on.  We tried the burn in protection, not watching the channel, but the burn in persisted (although it did start to improve).In the mean time, we noticed a terrible popping noise coming out of our speakers when we watched the TV.  The pop was bad enough that I was concerned it was going to blow out our Bose speakers, not to mention that it was outright irritating.  Turns out this is a common problem with this TV (manufacturing defect).We finally decided that we couldn't deal with all of the TV's issues.  Even if we got rid of the burn in (it does go away, i guess), it would mean that my husband couldn't watch his news channel.  It also would require a ton of maintenance to keep it from happening again (running the burn in cleaner all the time).  Not to mention that the popping was becomming insane.  We ended up bringing the TV back to the store where we got it.  For the record, we did replace it with the 8000series LED LCD.While I realize that Plasma has some drawbacks, I find it rediculous that we pay that much for a TV then have to change our TV viewing habits to prevent it from getting damage.  The pretty picture wasn't worth it.For the record, the LED LCD is beautiful too, and it's blacks are pretty darn impressive.