I am a semi-professional photographer and I'm very sensitive about image quality.  This TV replaced an existing wide screen tube TV that was working fine, so I was able to take my time and fully research a replacement.  To cut to the chase, this TV represents the current state of the art in image quality.  Period.  No compromises.First, as to screen size.  Make sure you take the time to explore the various web sites that discuss the proper screen size for your viewing location.  You'll probably be surprised at how large a screen is recommended.  I was initially looking at screens in the mid-40" range, but after doing the math it was clear that the 52" was the answer.  And they were right, this 52" is perfect for my viewing room -- you get immersed in the film.Second, image quality.  Sony has always been at the leading edge, but I carefully evaluated the competition.  Samsung came close, and the Samsung TV was a bit cheaper, but the Sony had deeper blacks and more saturated colors; not by a lot, but it was noticeable.  Now here's the important part.  A lot of the TV's look great when displaying a Hi-Def picture, and that's what they have connected in the stores, but the proof of the pudding is how the sets present non-HD images.  The Sony XBR wins this one hands down.  It's not even close.  Don't make the mistake of not evaluating the non-HD capabilities.  You might be very disappointed once you get the set home.My only complaint about this TV is that it does not have true picture-in-picture (PIP) because it only has one tuner.  So the ability to split the screen and watch two channels at once isn't available.  While I'd like to have that capability, it's a fair trade off for the spectacular image quality.In summary, this TV simply has the best image quality available today.  Connect it to any HD source, particularly Blu-Ray, and it will take your breath away.  It's a bit more expensive than the competition, but saving a few hundred dollars would be a false economy.  You're going to own this TV for years and it will only cost you a few cents more a day to own the best -- it is definitely worth the cost of admission.