My two-month old TV  has now started making a loud hissing sound that starts about 1 hour into viewing.  Nothing will stop it until I turn it off.  It's definitely the TV and not the cable hook-up because I have unplugged the cable and the TV still makes the noise.  The sound is like like the whistling noise a tea kettle makes when it's boiling--which means it is very loud and very annoying.Right now my brand new $900 Samsung TV is nothing more than a very expensive dust collector until it's fixed--and I am not happy about that one bit! I am so sick of modern technology not working!  My cheap old $100 Walmart tube TV works better than this.When I purchased this Samsung reviews were stellar and I didn't think twice about buying it.  Now I am reading all sorts of similar hissing and buzzing complaints.  Well but for the loud hissing sound, I would have given the TV a 5-star review too based on the picture quality and features.Since this technical issue is not happening on every TV all I can say is if you buy it, cross your fingers and hope you are one of the lucky ones--for two months I thought I was.  I hope Samsung can fix my TV and doesn't make me ultimately regret not purchasing the Panasonic TV I was looking at that also received rave reviews.UPDATE:  Samsung did fix my TV under warranty. I called Samsung.  Samsung put me in touch with a local TV repair shop.  Service shop picked up my TV and kept it for about two weeks to repair.  Returned it with hissing supposedly fixed.  A day later hissing started again.  Called Samsung back to complain.  Samsung sent the TV service shop another work order.  Service tech came by and said he had the parts to fix it right then.  An hour later, TV was fixed.  Haven't had a single problem since (it's now the end of July).The TV tech said Samsung used the wrong part on some models which causes the hissing.  Replace the part (which he did) and hissing should cease immediately (which mine did).Based on my experience, I would buy a Samsung again.  Great warranty service.