I had no intention on buying a TV when I went with my friend to Best Buy. I started to check out the tv's to pass some time and came across the Samsung LNS4041D and really was blown away by the quality and price. I started asking the saleperson about the TV and began to get a complete education on LCD VS Plama and HD, HDMI connections along with digital vs analog (which I had at the time). I went home and told my parents what a great deal it was, we both had heard that Samsung was one of the leaders in LCD's so we went back to Best Buy the next day and discovered they were discontinued and an additional 10% off.  We bought two right then and there for $1120. I have been very pleased. I had to get use to the 16.9 ratio on the analog channels because they have a very stretched look that seems distorted (especially if you are use to a tube tv) however, the HD channels and movies that are broadcasted in widescreen HD is such a joy to watch it makes it worth while to have purchased the TV.Both my parents and I have experienced a popping and cracking noise thru the speakers. My parents returned theirs and got a different Samsung but I went on line and researched others with this problem. I found thru different reviews on Amazon's site that there are people experiencing the same problem with many new LCD/Plasma's (not just Samsung). A few recommended a power conditioner because apparently there could be a slight power issue thru the electrical outlet.  The power conditioner sends a clean smooth current to the tv w/out interruption. A bit advanced for me but the laymen way I explained it was the only was I understood. I went to Best Buy and purchased a "Monster Power Strip" for $80.00. It was a bit pricey but after I realized what it did (essentially removes "dirty" power and is also a surge protector that warrants up to $150,000 of connected equipment) I didnt think so.  So if any one out there experiences this problem try the power conditioner before going thru all the return nonsense.