I've lived with this TV for a about two months. We have three game consoles attached, incl. the Blu-Ray player as part of the Sony PS3. It is in our family room and is used several hours a day (I'm ashamed to admit).On the plus side:Fabulous picture, after some adjusting. There are a zillion adjustments on the TV, so if you spend some time, you can get a wonderful, uniform picture with great contrast and color saturation.The black matte finish of the screen does away with all but the most severe (i.e., bright) light sources that might reflect from the screen.Price.Sharp Aquos brand.No spotlighting or banding as one person mentioned -- very uniform lighting.LOTS of inputs. (8 to be exact -- most, but not all are HDMI)Easy to update firmware when available (did it yesterday).On the negative side:The built-in speakers. Way too soft, even on the loudest setting. Since we didn't want to have our stereo system on all the time, I attached an unused set of desktop computer speakers I had lying around the house. Now we have better sound than probably any built in TV speakers. Great solution that I recommend to anyone purchasing this TV. Of course, this is an issue with all flat screen TV's to some extent: tinny sound and lacking in volume, even for everyday use. (Get some computer speakers, preferably like those I have that do not have an on/off switch but switch themselves on/off when there is a signal. Piece of cake.)All the adjustments you can make to the picture! Well, not a negative, but it takes awhile to find your way around all the adjustments, and Sharp is not good about explaining them. The out-of-the-box setup was not optimal: reds were a little pinkish, the picture was not quite bright enough, etc., but after some tweaking I have a spectacular picture.When changing channels, there is a "fade effect" between channels that is annoying. I have not been able to figure out how not to get this effect. (There is a "fade effect" in the menu, but disabling it has no effect.)Summary:If you haven't seen a full array LED LCD TV, you're in for a treat. Don't let the premium priced Samsung LED LCD's tempt you either, because their LED's are all on the edges. This has a full array behind the screen so that the picture is much brighter (when adjusted) and more uniform. Buy this and get some computer speakers. You will not regret it.