O.K., if you're reading this, it's probably only one in a long line of reviews that you'll be researching in your seemingly epic quest for the right LCD T.V. I know your pain. If you have a family like me, you don't drop a cool grand or more on anything unless you're positive that you're getting the most for your money. I am here to lay your fears to rest. The saying goes "I don't know art, but I know what I like." I didn't know anything about this new technology until I started to look for the right LCD. And the manufacturers do not make that task simple. There always seemed to be some compromise for the sake of size or the brand name or the contrast ratio or the 120Hz...(gasp, pant). But I digress, this T.V. blew me away. Philips isn't exactly one of the big names you think of when it comes to HDTV, not like Sony or Samsung. That's what I used to think. This set stood out from the seas of hi-def splattered on the walls of department stores. The picture quality is truly astounding. Not just for this price, for any price. Although 120 Hz isn't exactly my thing, (I think it makes everything look too computer animated), the rest of the features were a God send. For example, I can't stand having too many options for my picture. I never want to mess with the Gamma settings of my T.V., nor do I have the desire to even know what that means. I just want to WATCH my T.V., and I want it to look pretty. So, this T.V. has presets that optimize it for different viewing experiences, ex. movies, games, low power "night" mode, and so on. The simplicity of the beauty on my screen only adds to my love for this product. Have had zero issues with quality or reliability. Haven't had to deal with Philips cust. service, so I can't speak to that end. The sound, with sufficient volume, is more than enough to feel immersed in whatever you're watching. So, if you're finally tired of hunting, comparing, contrasting, compromising, agonizing, side-by-siding, and scrutinizing, rest at ease with this purchase. I haven't regretted it, and I hope you won't either.