I got this TV delivered just over 1 week ago.  The free delivery into my home and unpackaging service was a big plus that caused me to order it from Amazon.  The price was the same as a local store where I would have had to lug it to my house myself. I have a car, no truck, so Amazon was a better that way for me to buy it, plus I did not have to pay the sales tax!It was pretty easy to set up, we are not Techies and we managed just fine.  I have Comcast cable/DVR, a Sony  BDPS570 Blu ray (also new from Amazon) and a Wii.  Everything was easy to hook up and works fine.  We were able to easily sync the Blu ray player with the TV and only use the TV remote.  The new Blu ray replaced an ancient Sony DVD player and a prehistoric Sony VCR, they still work fine however-I am passing them on to my son.I think that the people who give this TV more harsh reviews don't use or understand the "scene" function on the remote.  I have found that if I am not satisfied with the picture quality, I can get try a different "scene setting" and get the result I want.  Occasionally the picture is a  bit pixelated, but I think it's Comcast or not a HD signal, not the TV.  We use the "auto" scene setting for the most part, "sports" has more vivid color but sometimes the dialogue is a  bit harder to understand, and we use "music" for, duh, listening to music.  The picture quality may go down a tad in "music" but the sound quality does go up a bit.I find the TVs sound to be just fine, I may end up getting a wireless speaker at some point (mostly for watching movies and wanting that "theatre" feel) -but I am happy with the sound.  I was a bit surprised to find the speakers located along the bottom edge of the TV frame.  We have ours set up with the TV stand that came with the TV, not wall mounted (it's on a fireplace mantle, just a couple of inches below the edge of the TV) and I would have thought the sound would get "stuck" there....but it sounds fine.I am sure as we have the TV longer we will make a few adjustments and enjoy it even more, it may even deserve a 5 star rating at that point.  I wanted a qualtiy TV for a decent price and that's what I got.  I have quite a few Sony products and all of them have lasted a long time.  Hopefully this will too!