Update (10/28/2013): I remain impressed with our 46EX500 after three years of moderate use as a bedroom television. Still running fine, and no complaints to speak of.Likes:Good color representation. Motionflow works very well and can be dialed down to avoid the 'soap opera' effect, but still assist with fast moving scenes in movies and sporting events.Picture uniformity is pretty good. Though I do notice some very slight banding in the lower left portion of the screen. Only noticeable when the screen is black, so it's not a problem when actually viewing something.The matted screen does not totally negate ambient light sources in the room, it does however make them far less distracting.Bravia Sync makes using your Sony connected equipment a breeze. You can turn on and control your Sony TV, Sony Blu Ray player, PS3 (Slim model and newer), etc... using one remote. Well you can almost completely control it from what 1 remote (see below).Slight Disappointments:Given the Bravia Sync capabilities of this set, you'd think they would have included a Pause button along with the Play, FF, RW, etc... controls on the included remote control. They did not, and honestly it's a real pain as is it forces you to use 2 remotes. A remote for the TV, and another remote for the Blu Ray player. A single remote is all that is really required to operate that set-up and Sony should have made that happen.Off-viewing angles aren't the greatest, but are better than some CCFL sets out there. For instance, our typical viewing position has the set elevated about 3 feet above eye-level, and 10 feet away from from us. While there is no color or picture distortion at this angle, there is a significant loss in black-levels. To the point where blacks take on a greyish hue. Not terrible, and this is a fault of the technology but not the television. Nevertheless it is a little disappointing, if not unexpected.Final Thoughts:At the time I purchased this set it was, in my opinion, the best bang for your buck. It provided a level of picture quality and features that were on par with top of the line Sony sets had released only one year earlier. It did all this while coming in at half, or less, of the costs of those sets.Of course time has marched on, and at this time there is probably no good reason to pursue this set at full retail. However I'd highly recommend one if you are able to find a good deal somewhere.