I got this on a Gold Box deal.  This was to be used in the sunroom...which we could fit a 26 or a 32 in the spot.  I also bought two Vizio Razor LED 26" http://www.amazon.com/VIZIO-M260VA-26-Inch-Class-RazorLED/dp/B003LL17HK at the same time for bedrooms (all pre-black Friday specials).Living with all of them for four days...and I can see why this is rated 3/5 stars.  3 stars is generous.I am using cable through RF.  No cable box.  The sound issues I noticed is flipping between standard definition channels and HD channels.  For example, watching two football games.  If I go from an SD channel like ESPN to HD (local ABC), the sound on the HD channel is much lower.  I have to jack the volume up on the HD channel, then when I flip back to ESPN, it's way too loud.ABC HD is 13-1 and ABC SD is 13.  I proved the sound issue flipping back and forth between the two while a song was playing on the station... huge difference in sound.This is with TruVolume on....TruSurround on.  Honestly, I didn't play too much with the audio settings like another reviewer suggested because I shouldn't have to.  TruVolume should level out the sound between channels and commercials...and it apparently doesn't work.Another annoying thing is there is a delay when changing channels.  You flip up one channel...it delays 2 seconds...shows the picture and then delays another second to start sound.  Sounds minor until you start flipping channels and realize the annoyance...we had a cheap AOC LCD TV that did something similar...which is why I will never buy an AOC TV again.The Razor LED TV hooked up to the same RF cable does not have this delay...the picture and volume come up in a second simultaneously.  Also, the sound difference is much less...there is one, but its minimal and you don't have to change the volume level.The picture is not quite as nice as the Razor LED...but pretty good.  I did not try this with our DVR...but if you are hooking this up to a cable box and bypassing the tuner, you might not have these issues with sound and channel changing delay.  I don't want to have to rent another cable box to make this TV work. Plus I am not buying a computer monitor, I am buying a HDTV with a tuner that should work better.I like the Razor LED's, so this just appears to be a bad model in their line.  The Razor LED 32" is a 1080p set (http://www.amazon.com/VIZIO-M320VT-32-Inch-1080p-Backlighting/dp/B003PGX0VM/ref=sr_1_1?s=electronics&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1289411221&sr;=1-1) and a bit more than we want to spend.  I saw that in a store and it's nice.So four days in...and although 32" is significantly bigger than 26"...it's already at UPS tonight on its way back.  I'll use one of the Vizio 26" Razors as it's just a much better overall TV.