Right off the top I'm going to say that this set was the absolute value winner for me over TVs in its class and price range at area stores where it was sold. No question about it, I am thrilled I selected this set over LED and LCD TVs that were in the 42-47" classes and for its incredibly sharp picture, rich color reproduction, crystal clear and full-sounding audio, and ease of setup, it gets 5 stars.I had owned a 50" Samsung DLP for almost nine years and had replaced the lamp three years ago and continued to produce a decent (but not great) picture up until recently when the set finally died. It would have cost us $300 to repair a nine year-old set that was built on outdated technology. I decided to shop for a new set to see what I was up against. I dreaded that the prices would be out of our range, but was blown away when I spotted this set sitting on a shelf in between other LCD an LED TVs at our local warehouse club.The old DLP set had a matte screen that did nothing to ease sun glare in our living room. The audio was not that clear and we had fluctuating audio levels all the time. You also could not view it well at an angle. The new 51" plasma set had none of those issues. The screen picture is bright (on Standard setting), and even though it has a glossy screen, sun glare does not affect the viewing even close to as much as the matte DLP screen did. I can be in the adjacent living space and look over at the TV at an approximate 10 degree angle from the front of the screen and make out all the details. The sound is very crisp and rich for built-in TV speakers. I had never heard such good sound come from an out-of-the-box set before.I watched a college football game on it this afternoon and was blown away at how well the set handled fast motion. Truly, being a 720p set made me not care so much about 1080p. I don't even have to go in to all of the other good features for this set. My only wish is it had another HDMI port (the set has only two). I got a Blu-Ray player for my birthday a couple weeks ago and the picture from it is absolutely stunning.Just get this set. You are not going to find another HD set of comparable quality in this size class.