I recently (Nov. 30th) bought the LN-T4061F after careful consideration from many reviews such as this.  While this review may not be extensive, it is just my intial impression of the Samsung and the purchase process.My initial impression with the Samsung LN-T4061F was very good.  I previously had a 25 year old Zenith 27 inch CRT TV with an older RCA HD satellite receiver to receive OTA HDTV (no satellite).I live from 25 to 90 miles from broadcast sources, and I must say that the LN-T4061F does a fantastic job at pulling in HDTV signals.  My external TV antenna is circa early 90's.The overall functionality of this TV is very impressive, as well.  The remote is fairly cleanly laid out, and accomplishing a desired task is pretty simple.  Please read other reviews, such as at CNET.com, that more extensively and comprehensively provide analysis of this TV.As for the purchase process, the where and how you procure your TV may cause you more anxiety than finding the actual display itself.I, like many other reviewers, was VERY apprehensive about buying something this expensive from an online retailer.  The following is the process I went through:I did my due diligence by reading copious numbers of reviews regarding various online retailers, using search engines (i.e. google) to make sure nothing came up with them(there are scammers out there, to be sure!).Following the reviews, I called the retailer's customer service department first, not the sales department. I wanted to review their policies for shipping, pricing guarantee, damaged goods, product returns, etc.  I've found that a retailer that answers their customer service line as promptly as their sales line provides a good indication of their level of commitment to their customers and not just turning inventory.After deciding on a retailer, I called the customer service line from the manufacturer (in this case Samsung).  I asked the company to explain how they handled service issues both during and after the warranty period.Finally, after being satiated by the answers given by all involved, I called the retailer (PlasmaBay.com), I ordered my TV, selected express shipping (FedEX), and 3 business days later, viola!When the TV arrived, AFTER thoroughly inspecting the box for damage, as instructed by the retailer, I signed for the shipment.  The TV was double boxed and arrived in great condition.Purchasing from an online retailer has its pros and cons.  In my opinion, the pros, not the least of which was saving nearly $400 verses buying from a big box retailer, far outweighed the cons (mainly, not being able to try it out and return it if not satisfied).  The important thing to remember is: Do your due diligence BEFORE you make your purchase and the cons will be almost negligible.If you choose the Samsung LN-T4061F, I'm quite certain you will be as thoroughly satisfied as I am!