A. PictureIn a previous review, it was mentioned that this panel produces almost 3-D quality imagees.  I can't deny this.  Even a hi-def television signal is gorgeous to behold, if woefully flat.  The only problem that I notice is in panel-judged scaling of smaller images.  I run my television as a second monitor off of my computer, so that Blu-ray format movies can be viewed on a freakishly large screen.  At first, I allowed the panel to defer to Samsung's post-processing algorithms.  This was a BAD decision.  When I reverted to all video processing going through my Gigabyte HD 6950, video went from disappointingly pixelated and color-distorted to crystal-clear and accurate.  The problem isn't Samsung's panel...  It's their processor.  Even in over-the-air signals, problems with color and aspect ratio only occur with commercials obviously meant for lower-definition monitors.  I wouldn't buy this TV if it's to be a stand-alone appliance, rather than a monitor.  But as a monitor, it is a faithful slave.B. Viewing AnglesEverybody's right.  Look straight on, or at a slight deviation thereof.  More than 45 degrees, and you'll be seeing snow-white LCD glow.  It's still better than my previous florescent-driven LCD hi-def television now in the bedroom doing sleep-timer service for one hour a day, and the color is truer as well.C. Odd audio...So.  Let's be frank.  If you're listening to a movie in a small room above 80 decibels, you're a very average person, and you deserve the sound system foisted on you by Corporate America.  I tend to listen to music at reference levels, sometimes below.  I'm very sensitive to sound.  There is distortion when one turns the volume up on this set...  But 10 Watt speakers are relatively powerful!  With the sound at 10 of 100, I take care of most of my needs, regardless of the 10% of internet video encoded poorly.  Music, when played at a low volume level, is adequately rendered by the included speakers on this set.  If you must listen to bad dance-club remixes at 100% volume, I don't feel sorry for your loathing of this audio solution.  There IS distortion at very low levels on heavy bass reproduction, but I don't really care for poorly boosted bass, either.  If you don't like the audio, I get it, but your ears ARE going bad already.