Just wanted to give potential buyers a heads up on this TV. There are two models of this 46 inch TV that are almost identical and this can be confusing as you search for TV's that are LED, 120hz and internet connectable, both are but there are differences. The models are 46PFL7705D/F7 and 46PFL7705DV/F7. The only difference being the "V". Here is the difference, the "V" model comes with Voodo software, MediaConnect Quick setup guide and USB Wireless LAN IEEE 802.11 b/g/n adapter. Per Philips technical service, the non "V" model is internet connectable via ethernet cable only, it is not wireless ready. If you want the wireless version get the "V" model. which should be the item you are viewing now.Also know that you can go to Philips.com, go to products, select 7000 series and do a comparison of the two models. There is a box you can select that shows differences only. Trouble is, it shows no difference in the the two models on the web site as of this writing (1-17-2011). But if you select the 40 inch version rather than the 46 inch version 7000 series TV's, "V" version verses the non "V" version, the differences do show up. I told the tech at Philips this info and he said he would report the problem. Anyway, just trying to help potential purchasers get what they want. I bought the "V" version but it is in transit to me now. I wanted to get this info out, so even though I don't have it yet I gave it 3 stars so I don't impact the rating negatively or positively. Hope this helps.Update - This has no bearing on the product itself but even though I ordered a 46PFL7705DV/F7, I was shipped a 46PFL5705DV/F7. Yes, it was the "V" model but it was the non LED model, note the difference - 5705 verses the 7705. This is an issue according to Beach Audio (via Amazon) that could not be resolved as they said that they had a coding error between them and Amazon on the products since the two models were so similar, order and pay for the LED model, they ship a non LED model. They didnt have the LED model in stock, couldnt give me date so I had them pick the unit up and I eneded up buying a Samsung as no one had the Sharp 46PFL7705DV/F7 in stock. How ironic that I researched this so well to make sure that I ordered the correct model and still recieved the wrong product...