Plasma sets have come a long way.  This Samsung set is a vivid example of that.A beautifully designed TV that's as thin as an LED and not much heavier than a large LCD.  It looks stunning when mounted on a wall, particularly with an ultra-slim mount.  Once you turn it on you'll hear the familiar Samsung jingle and see what plasma is all about...Deep blacks, vivd colors, and smooth motion inherent to plasma technology.  The 6500, which is part of the upper echelon of 2010 plasma offerings from Samsung has the majority of the same features and performance of the 7000 and 8000 save for 3D and CinemaSmooth(8000).  Connections are ample on both back and side.  If you can connect the TV to your network via the rear LAN jack you'll be rewarded with an abundance of streaming services and downloadable applications.  Hulu Plus, Vudu, Netflix, and YouTube to name a few.  A USB jack on the side let's you connect an external HDD which can be used for music and movies.  The 6500 supports many file types/containers including MKV and MP4.  When you account for the number of connections, the network connectivity, and file playback capabilities, you'll see that this set is extremely versatile.Of course, nothing is ever perfect.  If you've heard about the infamous Samsung buzz, believe me, it is very real.  However, it probably has been blown a little out of proportion.  I have found that the buzz gets drowned out by the TV volume.  In dead silence, however, you will hear it, I promise you.  I have found mounting it on the wall helps deaden it.  Picture quality apparently is not as good as certain Panasonic plasmas, so keep that in mind if you're switching over.  The speakers leave much to be desired, but that's a given.  The most critical item in my opinion would be the temporary image retention(TIR).  You will notice TIR, I promise you.  The good thing is, TIR on this set is just that: Temporary.All in all, if you don't set your expectations sky high, slap it on the wall, get a nice sound bar, and don't leave it on MSNBC 24/7, you will be completely satisfied...I promise you. =)