there are some thing you would want to know about before purchasing this TV.1st: there is a faulty problem with the models made before aug/july, a fluctuating brightness problem where the screen would go bright and dark or vice versa. don't worry though because panasonic has a FIX for this problem already. (it's just a hassle to call them and sched an appointment to replace a part of the tv called "A-board") some people notice it other people don't, mine was july built and so far i haven't experienced it fingers crossed! lol2nd: during my 100hr+ straight plasma preparations (d-nice calibrations) i've notice green blobs on grey screens. although they are ONLY noticeable on flat grey color slides they are not during movie or game playtime. (of course this is my tv i don't know if this will happen on yours)3rd: as i mentioned on the 2nd about a plasma preparation (FOR CALIBRATION). yes i recommend you do a 100hr+ plasma break in (prep.) i did 100hrs+ straight for about 4-5 days. (search it up in google if you want to know more about it).(WHY should i do this you say? well  i've read that during your first 100hrs image retention is most likely to occur or burn in... etc. doing this preparations will most likely avoid this.)4th: Plasmas are best in dark rooms (if you have a bright room go with LCD/LED)there's also a faint buzzing sound with plasmas (usually during white screens)(in my opinion amazon are selling these TVs cheap because they want to get rid of the models made before Aug since they are the faulty models)Now with that said i still bought this TV knowing that i may have these problems.WHY????BECAUSE THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST PLASMA TV OF 2011!first of all with the right calibrations the tv PICTURE QUALITY IS BEYOND FANTASTIC! THX mode is awesome, movies never looked so so good!one of my guest swore it was LED LOL. i'm not a plasma fan boy but going with plasma was the best choice for me.1)my living room was a bit dark. Plasma is best for dark rooms.2)i like watching FAST ACTION MOVIES and GAMING! (for gamers try not to exceed more than 4-5hrs of gaming, if you find image retention after 4hrs or so just play a movie without black bars and it will go away)3)i don't have to tilt the screen to get the best view because it doesn't matterwhat angle you are the picture is still crisp and clean (unlike lcd tvs)4)3D!THIS TV IS AWESOME I LOVE IT SO MUCH I MIGHT BUY ANOTHER ONE FOR MY ROOM! FAULTY OR NOT it doesn't matter this TV is worth every penny. no joke no Bull straight edge solid TVI recommend it fully. :)