Like a lot of others, I did a lot of research before choosing this Samsung. My parents were looking at the same time and chose a 46 inch Sony Bravia, but for our house and from previous experience I have had with Samsung (a two year old 23 inch LCD)I decided to stick with Samsung.I went with the 4069 versus the 4071 because of the glossy screen on the 4071. I prefer the matte screen to the glossy one, after having seen the glossy screens on models in the electronics stores.We received the TV last Saturday and have been enjoying it since then. As others have mentioned HD programing looks amazing on this tv. HD sports look outstanding, like you are there, and I have not noticed any ball "ghosts" as some claim to have seen on some LCD tvs (multiple or blurred balls at high speed).Well everything was fine until today when I called home from work to check on my parents arrival for a visit. My youngest son said he was playing the Wii and when he switched off the Wii and went back to the cable, a big red streak appeared on the left side of the tv.Now I have heard of some people with dead pixel issues, but I have never heard of an issue like this. Right about the division between standard def and HD on the screen, on the left side, there is about an inch and a half bright red vertical band, and every thing to the left of this band is completely blurry. Obviously the tv is completely useless in this condition. Before I got home from work my parents tried calling Samsung and they went through several unplugging and on/off attempts, and the red band is still there.I come home and it is the same thing. Fortunately Amazon is great and we have already talked to someone who is going to send a replacement so we can ship the one we have back.I would have given this tv 5 stars if it hadn't been for this problem. Amazon customer service I would give 5 stars to for their response. I will stick with 4 stars for now based on what I have seen from this tv while it was working. Hopefully there will be no problem with the replacement, but I would be curious to know if anyone has had a problem like this before. I did not encounter it in any LCD reviews I have read. I will try and provide an update when I get the replacement.