Amazon order and deliver gets 5 stars!  shipped on Monday, arrived on Wednesday Morning (a week early), delivered on Thursday by Eagle, opened box, setup, hauled away trash.Hooked up roof antenna cable and turned set on, searched for channels and here in Phoenix, found about 50 channels, 30+ digital, and all major networks plus some others HD...  Awesome and has ruined us so need to order another one for the bedroom..  roof antenna is 20 year old original, so was pleasantly surprised to see it pick up digital and awesome HD without a new purchase needed.  Great introduction to digital and HD... don't need cable or Dish..  Superbowl was AWESOME to watch on this TV... my wife was even impressed...Easy to use and setup... instructions good... loaded a memory stick with family photos and plugged into USB slot, and selected wiselink, listened to MP3 music while running a slide show of grandkid photos...  outstanding clarity.. now plan to load all our photos and review them this way..Bought the cheap ($49) Magnavox upconverter from Sam's Club with HDMI cable and tried a couple of movies... one was slightly better, and another one was awesome... near HD quality so anxious to go back through my DVDs.. my netflix movies work with no problem... the newer movies seem to look better being upconverted....Net here is that I am very satisfied with Amazon and this TV.. PIP is not overly useful as some have mentioned..  the sound is adequate for us old folks, but suspect I will be looking at a surround sound system next...  But sound is a great improvement over our previous Sharp analog TV...A great introduction to digital and Hd!!Update:  Had the unit almost 3 weeks, and still love it..  but..  have had about 7 occassions where a loud snapping noise is heard and the screen scatters the image and no sound...  after 15-20 seconds it self corrects and is fine...  happens once every couple of days....  Service called and coming to look at it...  sounds like overheating of a component??Update 2:  Replaced mother board but still had problem.. finally traced it to the 75 olm converter on the roof antenna.. 20 years old and rotten.. birds would land on the antenna and cause an arcing of sorts... so replaced the converter and so far so good...  the failure we were seeing was temporary loss of signal it seems, but no message generated, just scrambled screen.