I purchased this TV based on specs and familiarity with Samsung display quality and was not disappointed.  Additionally, the 3D features were not a factor in purchasing and have not been used.  Any review from me on 3D would be centered around the need for active glasses which wouldn't really be fair anyway.The picture is almost completely customizable.  To say it is crisp or vibrant or bright may be misleading as everyone enjoys a different picture nuance.  I will say that the black levels are excellent.  Some have mentioned a "buzz" with this series, but mine has been thankfully completely exempt from that bug.  To achieve the best picture you have to have some knowledge of the settings on all devices involved or pay for a proper professional install and calibration so be aware.  I was able to handle it based primarily on experience and supplemented by Google.  Black levels are the most likely to suffer from mis-configuration based on the device.  It's simple to fix, but then again so is everything once you know how to fix it.I do not use the speakers, so I cannot comment on their performance.  The physical design of this TV is also outstanding.  The quality is top notch and I love the clean and modern design.  There are control touch-buttons on the lower right on the clear acrylic frame.  You cannot see them in the product picture, but that's rather the point.  You can't see them when watching the set either.  You just see the beautiful picture without distraction.  There are multiple picture modes which can be set including a Day and Night mode.  Each TV input has its own full picture mode palette.  The image is smooth and natural and demonstrates every reason I prefer plasma.The Yahoo widgets and Internet@TV apps are awesome.  The ability to stream Amazon movies is surprisingly useful.  The $5 credit for registering the TV with Amazon will rent nearly any HD movie to give you a free taste of the quality.  The TV can output the audio via digital optical cable to a receiver capable of surround output for those interested in that.  There have been a couple issues with playback but in every instance, Amazon has contacted me pro-actively to issue a credit the next day.If you're in the market, you can't go wrong with this set.