I spent few months researching different LCD TVs and came to the conclusion to buy KDL-46Z4100/B. I even went to Best Buy to compare picture from the different manufactures. Sony and Samsung defiantly stood out from the rest. I decided to get Sony because of the non-reflective screen, slim profile and my trust in the brand name. I went ahead and ordered the TV through Amazon as they had the best price. When I received the TV, I immediately noticed that picture significantly downgrades even when viewing from the small angle. Don't get me wrong, this TV produces some amazing quality picture, unfortunately you must be right in front of the TV to be able to enjoy it, even few degrees to the side extremely degrades the quality.  Blacks become gray and colors become faint.  I didn't notice this effect at the Best Buy because all of the TVs there are setup for "Vivid" colors, which improves viewing angles significantly. At home "Vivid" mode is too bright and impossible to watch. Cranking up Back Light would make viewing angles little better but will make it unwatchable in the center. This is no good setting that will fix this issue.Seriously, who would spend so much money on a TV that you can only enjoy if you sit right in the center? This is extremely disappointing for a Sony LCD TV to have such bad viewing angles. I thought that there is something wrong with my TV, so I went to the internet to research different forums. It turns out that many people have this exact issue with this model.  You can read it yourself on AVS FORUM. Many claim that a step down model KDL-46W4100 even has better viewing angles.  If not for this issue, the TV would be golden; everything else about it is excellent. Buy this TV if you don't have any friends or family or somehow your living room is setup where everyone would always sit right in the center (unlikely).I returned this TV and ordered Samsung LN46A650. The viewing angle issue doesn't exist in this model. The picture doesn't degrade at all when moving from side to side (amazing). I am really impressed with the black level and colors of that TV.  The styling is incredible. Samsung beats Sony in every way. Also the reflective screen on LN46A650, that I was afraid about, turned out to be a non issues for me. I am really happy with my new Samsung LN46A650 and don't regret returning Sony KDL-46Z4100/B at all.