The news out of CES is that Samsung is moving forward to Active Synch 3D glasses v 2.0. This version uses bluetooth synch to keep the LCD glasses on/off shutters aligned with the TV 3D display signal. The 1.0 version in all the 2010 and 1H'11 Samsung LCD and Plasma uses an IR signal, similar to your TV remote control. The 1.0 version initial reports are that the IR signal can see interference and is sensitive to viewing angle and location in the room, leading to loss of synch and double images which ruin the 3D effect. The new 2.0 glasses will use blue tooth RF signal to fix this issue. Initial reports thought this should be an easy backwards compatibility issue, since Samsung can use existing bluetooth dongles to link to the new 2.0 glasses with a simple firmware update. This way the 2010 and 1H'11 loyal customers can use the new improved glasses. Now we are hearing that Samsung would like to deny any backwards compatibility to punish early adopters and try to force an upgrade to the newer TVs. I could deal if they charged me a few hundred bucks for the BT dongle, for the firmware update and another several hundred for all new glasses, but to be so greedy as to want me to have to get a whole new TV? That seems to show a lack of respect for early adopters.That said, I believe most bought the TV for the marvelous 2D picture.So be warned, the 3D is obsolete before you purchase and Samsung, so far, does not seem like they will have the integrity or concern to allow backwards compatibility. Clearly the 3D needs fixing, based on the synch problems. Rather than fix it for existing customers, they will fix it for only new customers. Existing customer must live with the defective product or return it.UPDATE:The TV had significant buzzing that could be heard from over 10' away at low volume. The manufacture date was Dec'10. Exchanged for a replacement unit. The new unit, with Jan'11 manufacture date seems to buzz much less so far. Slight buzzing, but not as extreme as the last one. Evaluating to see if this is still annoying.