I did a pretty large amount of research into HDTV before I chose this unit.  I have been in the IT business for about 30 years now, and I have seen everything from CRT to LCD for small/medium/large/incomprehensible stuff.  One thing about LCD screens is that no matter how one tunes the output, many of them produce obvious ghost lines (look carefully -- the straight lines usually stand out, and ghostly seam is about 3 millimeters to the right of the picture).  I decided to go with plasma because they are brilliant emitters, and because the picture itself never has the ghostly seams.The VIERA I got does things that are amazing.  Black on this unit is black -- any blacker and there would be a singularity involved.  I waited until 6/24 to activate HD programming, and made a quick comparison of Spongebob Squarepants.  In standard definition, the picture has artifacts in it, but you have to work to find them because of the 600hz subfield processing of the picture.  Anyway, in high definition, the picture has no artifacts at all, every line in the cartoon looks like it was drawn right there on your screen!  I really could go on and on.Color is no more brilliant, but the overall quality of the picture is much, much higher than on older sets.  With this unit, watching HD is like watching Kodachrome move.  You really have to see it.  Sound is not bad.  Only 720p native; but it does an accurate job of down-converting 1080p.  Even so, this thing is like a geyser of cool mountain water in the Sahara.Despite its bulk, it can be single-handedly mounted on a VESA mount.  Use as many extenders as possible -- otherwise the cord yard is unmanageable without taking the unit off the wall.  Also, with the picture on full brightness, the screen is only as warm as a handshake (back in the 80's, touch sensitive plasma terminals usually got uncomfortably hot to the touch).  Picture has excellent visibility from about 12 feet at nearly any angle.  A trio of 100W equivalent compact about 4 feet away interferes with the picture, however, the anti-glare coating works.  The bulbs reflect as bulbs on the screen, but only about an eighth of the screen is overwhelmed by their light, and the rest of the screen is not reflecting back much, if any at all.