I have to give it to Homedirect transporters for delivering me the TV while the outside temperature was -24 degrees Celsius here in Colorado. I had to wait 4 hours for the TV to thaw down and was pretty nervous that in the mean time something was gonna break in there. Fortunately for the moment everything looks fine.The bad first:- Little buzz some time that can be annoying if the sound level is low. Although, this buzz doesn't happen all the time. I read a little about it and it seems that it is what plasma TV typically do (see also samsung buzzing).- while the DVD player(Philips, connected to HDMI-2) was still on, I put on the blu ray player (Panasonic, connected to HDMI-1) and the TV switched automatically to the blu ray channel and the display got totally messed up (pixels lightening up and parts of the screen sporadically and erratically flashing). Switching to the TV channel and back to the blu ray channel didn't do the trick and I had to turn the TV off and back on to solve the problem. I tried again but this time switching off the DVD player before putting the blu ray player on and everything went smooth. Probably some firmware problem. I do not have the last firmware yet but plan on installing it soon.- The standard TV rendering is really bad as already mentioned by others.- I like settings and options in general, this TV has a lot. Honestly some of them I do not even see a freak... difference whether they are turned on or off.The goods- Excellent 3D display and a big WOW for that matter!!!!!!- blu ray and any HD source displays awesome ... even DVDs- It is Huge- Indeed very good black levels. Almost too much depending on the source you are watching but definitely a plus for any space scenes and even animated movies.I know this should go into a forum but I take the chance of writing this review to also ask a question that some persons reading this may address:The last firmware available for the TV is basically a bunch of picture settings supposedly recommended by James Cameron to get the best out of the TV while watching AVATAR. My question is: is it worth it? And second: if you go that way, can you still go to most of the preset (THX_ VIVID_ CUSTOM_GAME etc) and modify those settings or would they all be locked after the update?