I received my 60pk950 about a week ago and absolutely love it.  This was my first HDTV purchase and I spents months researching different brands and models.  I was originally set on buying a Panasonic, but the refusal to own up to the rising blacks and floating blacks steered me away.  Why give money to a company that won't admit to issues with their products?  I bought an LG BD390 after reading stellar reviews on the blu-ray player and that led me to considering one of their televisions.  I joined the AVS forums and spents months reading threads and posts on most brands and models available.  My concensus is that the LG owners had the least amount of issues.  Samsungs frequently buzz and the Panasonics have black issues.  LG seems to be the underdog, so they are really out to impress their customers.As for the TV, I love the picture and blu-ray discs look fantastic.  I imagine that they look just as solid on the 60PK550, but I wanted the bells and whistles that the 950 offered.  Also, the Trublack filter DOES make a difference.  Here's the deal, glass reflects so you will never have a TV that has no reflection at all, but the filter greatly diminished that issue.  Very happy with that.  I had thought about getting an LED, but since I pretty much only watch films, the "soap opera" look to LED/LCD drove me nuts.  If you prefer the cinematic look, plasma is really the only way to go.  I can understand why people like LED, but it wasn't for me.I am not a video expect, but to me, the picture looks great.  I can stream Netflix with no problem using the wifi dongle (included) and the widgets are moderately cool.  They are nothing to get excited about, but I'm sure more will be added over time.  Blu-rays look stunning.  I can't stress that enough.  This TV is 60" and I can sit 5 feet away and not notice any breakup at all.  Smooth as day.  I also have an Xbox 360 hooked up and haven't noticed any lag issues at all.  Buy this TV.  If you don't need the Trublack filter, Netcast or widgets, the 550 should suit you fine.