I purchased this model from Best Buy in May 2008 along with a 3-year extended warranty.  The unit worked fine up until the summer of 2010.  That's about the time I began to notice burn-in/image retention on my screen, which included faint outlines/shadows of network logos (ESPN), scoreboards, and PS3 game images.  I tried every method under the sun to rid my TV screen of the burn-in (including DVDs of black and white images, powering the TV off for days, and keeping it on a snowy image for hours at a time), but no luck.  So I contacted Best Buy, and they dispatched a local HDTV technician to my apartment to confirm that my unit had burn-in; unfortunately Best Buy stated that my extended warranty does NOT cover burn-in.  They argued that the 3-year Best Buy warranty is a reflection and extension of the 1-year Westinghouse manufacturer's warranty, so they would only cover what Westinghouse Digital covers in their warranty.  I then contacted Westinghouse about the issue, and they stated that they do not cover burn-in because they believe LCDs (at least not their brand) do not incur burn-in and if mine did, then it was "customer induced" meaning it was MY fault.Westinghoue Digital's reasoning for not covering burn-in is hogwash because I did nothing abnormal to my TV in the 2 years that I had it, so the burn-in was not my fault.  They wouldn't even consider the idea that my unit was poorly made or defective, and they refused to replace or repair my HDTV after months of battling with them.  So now I'm stuck with an HDTV that has image retention and a 3-year extended warranty ($150) that has been pretty much useless.Needless to say, I will NEVER, EVER purchase an HDTV or any other product from Westinghouse Digital, and I would advise anyone else to be leery of doing the same.  Oh yeah, their customer service is pretty terrible too because they almost never get back to you in a prompt manner unless it's with an auto-generated email that says "we'll get back to you in 1-2 business days."  Westinghouse Digital is a joke.