If Philips paid more attention to the firmware on this TV, it would be a must buy. The extra picture enhancement features they offer on this TV are a big fat joke. Nearly every corrective or enhancing option causes skin tones to become red. The picture setup assistant lets you choose the picture much like the optometrist determines your prescription, but the end result is always horrible. You're better off googling the optimal settings for picture quality. The only "extra" feature I use is the 120hz option, which makes movement seem very life-like.When you fiddle with the settings enough to get a good picture, it actually does a very good job. Colors are vibrant and everything is very sharp in HD. However, I run into two consistent issues, the black levels are not great and there is a very slight delay in the signal reaching the TV. The first issue wasn't such a huge deal to me because my last TV wasn't really that great with black levels either. The second issue isn't an issue unless you play video games, which I do. The delay is a problem in rhythm games where timing must be precise. Fortunately most games have options to compensate for this, and most games you don't even notice the delay, but it's something to be aware of. On the other hand, first person shooter games don't suffer too badly.Not much to say about the sound as I don't use the internal speakers. They're not mind blowing, but not bad either. The most irritating part about sound on this TV is the fact that the mute button is disabled if you use the headphone jack for your speakers.A couple miscellaneous notes: the info button on the remote is pathetic. Again, if Philips invested more in the software this could be a great TV. My tiny 22" LG TV provides more information about a TV program (like the start and end times, progress of the program, etc.) than this 32" TV does. I also upgraded my firmware as soon as I unpacked the TV. I am using 1.08 I believe.I'm still satisfied with this TV because I didn't have to pay tax or shipping, but you might not be if you're really picky about your TVs.