I always read customer reviews before purchasing a product, and before I bought this Samsung TV, I looked at all customer reviews for all 22" flat screen TVs. I own another small Samsung and it works very well in the kitchen. What I liked most about it was the clear picture and the footprint and how little space it occupied, so I decided that another Samsung would be a good choice.  Ignoring the warning echos in other reviews, I thought this would be the ideal TV.What other reviewers mentioned was absoutely on target.  Information about the channel or anything else is so small and stays on the screen so briefly, that it is almost impossible to read.  Worst display I have ever seen.  I discovered that if you push the "info" button the display remains on the screen, but I have to cross the room to read it, as the print is still very small.  What were they thinking when they designed this display?Further, other reviews warned that if you were not directly sitting in front of the TV, you saw only black.  Having never had that experience before, I took that with a grain of salt.  Wrong.  The other reviewers are right. If you move even slightly away from the center of the set, all you can see is a black screen.  I have no idea why this is the case, but it is true. So, if you plan on using this set where you sit in front of it, with no one else in the room watching from a different angle, it works just great. If multiple people plan on watching together, you might have a problem.On the positive side, the footprint is sleek and takes little room.  The picture is very good (not as awesome as my Sony Bravia) but very clear. The design of the set itself is pleasing and the remote is comfortable to hold and fairly easy to control. You must, however, read the instruction booklet to understand some of the features (e.g. "tools" and the bottom colored buttons. Their use is not immediately obvious.)Some reviewers criticized the sound as "tinny", and I know what they mean.  It is not particularly annoying to me but if you are "into" audio, it might drive you crazy.Samsung produces a quality product, it will work for my needs, but this TV is not for everyone.