I purchased this television set in May 2011. Shortly after my purchase I noticed fluctuating brightness issues with the television. At first, this appeared to be isolated to one network so I figured it was an issue with the broadcast. Over time (and beyond the 30 day return window), I began to realize the issue was pervasive and appeared to be an issue with the television itself rather than the broadcast. Over the past 45 days I have worked extensively with Panasonic on this issue. We have had several (~ 6-7) phone calls and a on-site visit to fix the issue, but not solution has been found. I'm very disappointed with Panasonic's customer service and technical support, but that's not the focus of this review.I'm very frustrated with Amazon's approach towards my issues with this product. I purchased this product from Amazon, not Panasonic, and as a consumer, I expect the retailer to assume responsibility for selling a defective product. The first representative that I spoke to on the phone acknowledged that this is a defective product and she agreed to transfer me to an agent to issue a refund and arrange a pick up of the tv. When I reached the second agent, she repeated over and over that the return window (30 days) had expired. She did agree that it is a defective product, but that I should contact the manufacturer. I reminded her that I've been working with the manufacturer who has not been able to find a solution after several phone calls and a visit to my home. Her supervisor, Betsy J, was equally disappointing and stated that the first representative should not have offered me a refund. Instead, Betsy J made an attempt at bribing me to go away. "Would a $75 credit towards a future purchase be satisfactory?" No, Betsy, I want a refund for the $1,600 defective television set you sold to me that the manufacturer has acknowledged does not work as expected.I strongly suggest you reconsider purchasing electronics, especially large dollar purchases, from Amazon. Clearly, from my phone conversations this morning, Amazon does not have a spine and is unwilling to stand up for dissatisfied customers. A customer service focused organization would acknowledge they are selling defective television sets and assume the responsibility for asking the manufacturer for a refund. I have had much more success working with Best Buy and other independent retailers when it comes to customer service issues. I recommend you keep this in mind and put other retailers ahead of Amazon when shopping in the future.