I bought this TV a couple months ago and have been really pleased with it, in general. It's a great value for the price.The picture quality and color is great. For built-in speakers, the audio is pretty good too. As an object, it's one of the better looking TVs on the market. I got the wireless adapter as well, and have been using it to watch Netflix and Youtube, which is amazing, and was my main criteria when I bought a TV. The Netflix app started out being pretty bare bones, but has since updated and works much better - you can now search, it gives you recommendations, etc. I showed some people flickr photos once, which was pretty cool. I've also plugged my laptop into it (with a DVI to HDMI cord) to watch things on Hulu and iTunes. It works, it's easy, it all looks great.What sold me on LG rather than other brands, and what I'm ultimately very impressed with, is the design of the menus. I always seem to be changing inputs and settings, and the user interface is very clean, functional, easy to use, and aesthetically pleasing. I wish more electronics manufacturers would pay this much attention to that particular detail.Here's three (very small) cons: 1. The only audio outs are an optical out and a headphone out. My stereo is kind of old, so it has no optical in, and I've been using the headphone out. No big deal, but it would be nice to easily have a permanent hookup. 2. I wish there were more services included as part of Netcast - namely Hulu at the moment. I don't know what LG's plans are to upgrade this, but since a TV like this is a 10 year purchase, I'd be curious to know if there will be any integrated access for services that don't even exist yet. It's not a dealbreaker, since it's easy enough to plug a laptop into the TV, but it's nice not to have to. 3. More of an idea - How about an iphone/droid/blackberry app so you can use your phone as a keyboard for typing in search terms? It takes forever on the numeric keypad on the remote.Anyway, get this TV. Great picture, great features, really well designed.