First off, product link above shows 46" model, I did not add that link can't seem to remove it, to be clear mine is the 40" model.  So, I just bought this TV today @ Best Buy.  My 16 yr old 27", JVC-CRT went out last week; it had a good run.  I've been researching the EX500 series as well as other models/brands.  Many buyers and Video Tech reviews mentioned the better pic offered by most Sony models over other brands.  I can appreciate a better price when ordering from Amazon.com or other online offers.  But being my first flat panel TV I wanted to be sure I could take it 4 miles down the road to return it should I find any issues once I got it home.  So I paid about $12 more than I would've from buying online; I can live with that.This model IIRC, has only 2 HDMI; EX500 had 3 but I saved abit less than $100 with this model. And I think the EX500 was 120hz, I'm gona see if I can live with 60Hz of this model for the bucks I saved over the EX500.  I'm not a gamer, play our Wii once in a great while.  Mostly view local cable TV, HBO (rent On Demand movies) and just watch all my Comcast cable channels offered. This set looks huge after watching my wifes' 19" CRT set the last few days.This being my first flat panel, HDTV, I did not want many of the newer features so I stayed with a plainer version over smart or internet, etc capable one.  I went in to buy a 32"-37" size TV but for the price and better looking pictures I went with this 40" instead. So far it looks pretty nice in my small-ish livingroom.Today, I got it home, hooked up the coax cable, hit a few buttons on the Sony remote and it did the rest in a few mins.  I've only tweaked some pic/color/sound settings abit so far.  And I only have my Comcast SD, coax-cable box to hook it up to, still looks pretty nice to me.  Gonna pickup a HD cable box tomorrow to see how much difference it makes.Watching it right now, hope no issues like others have had arrise. Right now, BstBuy has return policy til Jan 25th for now, so I have a bit of a window to try it out.  I'll update this review down the road to say how its' coming along if I keep it.