I got this tv because I needed a solid all purpose TV. I wanted a TV that I could watch cable on, play my PS3 on and use as a computer monitor. So far this TV has excelled at all 3.I looked everywhere for info on this tv and came up with very little while I was considering buying. However after I saw it in the Sony Store, and they finally published all the stats for the TV I thought it would be a good fit. I say search around for the best price on this one. I used bing cashback and got a sick deal.Anyway now onto the TV.I use this in my room, and is the 3rd LCD screen that we own. 1st is an older XBR 52" 1080p 120hz. Its a nice tv but a bit dated. We have had it for a few years. This ex500 i think gets a better picture quality when watching HD rated Bluray or HD TV. The other TV is a generic 32" 720p and 60hz. So needless to say this is a huge upgrade over that.Watching regular TV is ok. Its not great quality, as SD channels come in a bit blury. Its not to say its bad, and if you only watch SD Channels it wont really make a difference to you, but when you have HD channels to compare it to, the SD is kinda crud.PS3 is beautiful. The 1080p looks amazing, and there is no tv lag or blur in the games. I play a wide range of games (From frantic FPS' to RPGS) and the graphics all are beautiful.PC also synced flawlessly. The videocard i was using was a bit low end so it wasnt the greatest transition to full screen, and the computer lagged a bit trying to process for such a large aspect ratio. I am getting a newer pc soon though with a video card that can handle the high end aspect ratios.USB video - sadly its one feature i havent been able to test. Since I have a PS3 Ive been using that to watch video off of a USB, and also all my videos are .avi, while the TV only supports .mpg off of the USB stick. This was slightly disappointing. However, the TV immediately recognized the USB and played music and images off of it with no problem.All in all this TV is great for the price. It has a lot of high end features and you can get a decent deal on one.