If you see this TV going for cheap and your needs are anything like mine, buy it immediately and resist all the techno-junk TV manufacturers are forcing on consumers.First, consider the input into your TV.  If it is normal cable like I have, this TV is perfect.  Its resolution will exceed your cable feed.  In fact, an HDTV or even an EDTV, will have to down convert to your feed signal and you may end up with a worse picture than you'd get from this set.  Heck, the resolution of this TV exceeds a coventional DVD.  Also, for occasional computer use this TV has a VGA input, Perfect!Second, consider what you watch.  If you watch movies all the time, maybe you'd want a widescreen.  I usually watch most anything other than movies, so the conventinal aspect ratio I prefer.  Normal programming and sports seems streched and annoying looking on a widescreen to me.  AND GET THIS, a 20" conventional aspect TV has 12% MORE pixels than a 20" Widescreen.  The truth of the matter is, TV manufactures push widescreens on consumers not because consumers visually prefer them, but because they are much cheaper to manufacture and they can advertise bigger screen sizes, sneaky!The good:1) Great Price2) Low power consumption (60W, the thing will pay for itself)3) Its less ugly than it looks in the picture4) Great menus and picture control5) Crazy inputs6) Lightening response time (no digital lag)7) Usable speakers8) Good black display (tends to challenge LCD TVs)9) Hey, its a flat panel TV, you just feel cooler watching it and chuckle to yourself for not supporting Sharp and Sony's elitistism promoting advertising and huge profit margains...he he he ha ha haThe bad:1) Whites too bright.  Don't try to watch the winter olympics on this set.  Snow, basketball courts and generally light scenes are glowing bright and if you take the brightness and backlighting down to compensate, the darks are too dark.2) Lowest volume setting still too loud if your watching TV and your loved one is trying to sleep.3) Short power cordI've seem some reviews of this TV complaining of dead pixels, I don't have any.  Also gripes on the audio filter, no problem here.  This is a good TV, exceeds my needs, and maybe yours?  Please research my rantings, judge for yourself, and don't get fooled into buying more than you need.  Cheers!