Excellent picture quality even better than Sony Bravia,,, sound quality is very good.. Glad I bought the 60 inch, it looks and shows really great in our bedroom.. You must turn OFF the Auto-motion feature so that some movies won't appear a bit jerky... Overall VERY happy with our purchase and AMAZON had the best price plus free shipping... LOVIN it!!!!10/17/10 ~ ***UPDATE concerning "Auto-Motion" feature!***When I first saw a show with the "Auto-Motion Plus" turned ON and set at STANDARD ( default ), I was like, wait a minute, this looks kinda weird.. I was not use to seeing a picture with this much clarity, realism, and an almost 3-D look to it... So,, I turned the "Auto-Motion Plus" feature OFF.. Then later, I turned it back ON and also changed the the P (icture) MODE setting on the remote to DYMANIC, and watched Smallville. WOW!!!.. It really gave that show an incredibly LIVE appearance instead of a plain-ole' ONE dimensional movie appearance... Needless to say, I'm hooked on the "Auto-Motion Plus" feature.What some people are referring to as a "Soap-Opera look" is actually an almost Live 3-D appearance with extreme clarity when the "Auto-Motion Plus" feature is turned ON. This feature gives the highest picture, again, almost like 3-D!Occasionally, depending on how a show was recorded, it will have a slight JERKY-ness or "skipping frames" with the "Auto-Motion Plus" set on STANDARD.. So, tuning OFF this feature for that particular show will solve the problem of slight Jerky-ness.To change the setting or turn off the "Auto-Motion Plus" feature, simply go to MENU>MODE> scroll down to PICTURES OPTIONS>AUTO MOTION PLUS.I even watched an old Spider-Man 2 dvd with this feature turned on and set to STANDARD and Picture Mode set on DYNAMIC.. WOW!!,, It was like watching Spider-Man 2 for the first time all over again... The "Auto-Motion Plus" feature definitely gives NEW life and a NEW viewing experience to all of your non-Blue-ray DVD's... I highly recommend this TV for it's outstanding picture quality, it's many features and it's many adjustments to help you get just the right picture to suit your own taste!