I bought this set 11/04 for $3,539.97 from Circuit City.  I did EXTENSIVE research before plunking all that $$ down on a TV.  The pundits were very clear:  for a big high-def TV DLP was the way to go and Samsung was the best at DLP.Liars!!The second year I owned it I had all my friends over watching NFL Kickoff Sunday.  Just as the kickoff was about to happen on the second round of games --KABOOM!  It sounded like a shotgun going off!  What it was was the bulb had blown up -- that took $300.00 and 5 days to get rectified.  OK, I was warned about the bulb issue.  I got over it.After I had the set for 3 years and 1 month suddenly these black pinstripes (10 sets of 8 pinstripes) appeared over the whole screen, just like that.  Samsung was as interested in helping me as a US Marine wants to get Osama bin Laden a cold glass of water and a pillow.So I call a local TV repairman and he came out to have a look.  A VERY nice man and quite intelligent as well.  He told me that the DMD board went bad and Samsung charges $750.00 for a replacement board, plus $200.00 labor to install.  He warned me that in DLP's the color wheel tends to go bad as well and they are equally as expensive to replace.I asked him why a 3000+ dollar TV doesn't last for at least 10 years, like my old trusty Toshiba tube TV?  He said that the new technology TV's -  DLP, plasma, LCD - have an average user life of 2-4 years.  That's right, you read correctly -- 2-4 years!!!I figured quickly that buying a new set that is current would cost me ~ $1300.00 and fixing the Samsung would be throwing good money after bad.I went ahead and bought a cheap Sanyo 46" LCD -- looks EVERY BIT as good as the Samsung did in it's prime.  Plus, it was hella easier to set up and such.Buyer beware -- Samsung is really bad.If you do buy a new HDTV, be sure to put out the extra bucks to get at least 3 years insurance on it, regardless the brand.  It's a little extra money but will be well worth it if your set is a lemon.It will be interesting to see if the glowing reports on this set are still "glowing" after a couple years passes.