This TV is "OK," not great.  Three big problems....The biggest problem, a problem that exists with this and other Samsung LCDs, is how poor the image quality is when watching any programming with lots of blacks.  You can not differentiate between any of the shades. Everything comes out to be one amorphous black blob.  If for example, you have an image of a person wearing a gray suit and walking in the night, you just see their bright face float in sea of black.  At first I thought this was a problem with my over-the-air HD signal, and not the TV itself, but when I watched DVDs with an upconvert DVD player, I noticed the exact same problem.  I adjusted the image settings until my face turned blue, called Samsung twice, zero success.  This was very, very annoying, not to mention surprising since the contrast ratio is 3000:1, far better than any other TV in the same price range.  I bet other TVs (Toshiba, Phillips, Sharp) have better contrast even though their contrast ratios are less.  Oh... Forgot to mention, I can differentiate between blacks far better on my 15 year old 20'' Mitsubishi CRT.Also, on a completely black screen (i.e. programming with a shot of the night sky, or no programming and having the TV on an input with no signal) you see white splotches on all four corners of the screen.  This other annoying feature became apparent after the first week of watching, and was not present in the first few days.  It's almost as if the TV "warmed up" to have this defect.  I suspect this is a variation of the clouding issue ("mura" defect, search for it on google, see for yourself on the AVS forums) that is seen most evidently with Sony XBRs AND Samsungs.  Keep in mind that Samsung and Sony LCDs are made on the same assembly line.When watching fast moving images, the "ghosting" effect is definitely seen.  This is a problem with many LCDs, so it's not just this TV.I bought this TV on bestbuy.com on Thanksgiving Day for $800.  I however have no regrets about returning it, even though I got it for an unbeatable deal.  Some people reading this may think that I am being too picky, considering how much I paid.  Let me assure you that I am NOT.  I am a medical resident, work ridiculous hours, and make about 40K a year for working 100+ hours a week.  My money is HARD earned.  I expected more from Samsung, expected more from such a "high end" TV, and expected more for my money.