This was my foray into the world of HDTV.  Most research will show Sony are the leaders in HDTV technology and customer satisfaction, which makes this set a puzzling anomaly.Prior to purchasing this unit, I had read about problems users had experienced with the set's functionality.  Most reviewers claimed these issues could be cured with a simple firmware upgrade.  To Sony's credit, the upgrade couldn't have been easier and did seem to install and report properly.  However, it didn't fix my particular set's issues - the main being the intermittent loss of audio when connnecting via the HDMI ports, and the occasional loss of picture color and contrast.Those issues - and lack of rectification - were troubling enough.  But I also noticed that when I would connect via the component inputs (a DVD deck, for example) and listen through my external hi-fi, the audio was always slightly behind the picture.  No amount of pausing, rewinding, fast forwarding, or stopping the source would correct this annoyance, nor would any audio adjustments made via the TV's menu.  The sound was typically in sync when listening through the TV itself, but never when listening externally.  This is all not to mention that I could never seem to get the color balance quite right, no matter how small or dramatic the adjustments made.  There was not enough presence to the overall picture (even with the backlight on max), and the colors always looked unnatural to my eyes.  Further, even at 1080p, the picture always seemed to produce more than its fair share of pixelization.While the color balance may be nitpicky due to viewing preference, the other issues - particularly the out of sync audio - are not.  Needless to say, this is unacceptable - especially at this price and from Sony.  Don't let this deter you from trying out another Sony HDTV, just avoid this one.  (I actually picked up a 37" Vizio 1080p for a few bucks more after returning the Bravia.  While I'm not crazy about its menu navigation, I have experienced no out of sync audio issues - it even has a menu adjustment for just such an emergency - and the picture is fabulous, with rich color and few digital artifacts.)