Got the TV with the BD-C6900 and 3d starter kit as a package deal for a bargain.DELIVERY SERVICE:The TV was delivered from CEVA with their white glove delivery service. It was 12 days from ordering to delivery, which was a bit long, but I'm shouldn't complain because shipping was free. The CEVA driver helped me carry the TV downstairs to my theater room, unbox it, plugged it in, set the time zone, made sure the HDMI input worked, made sure the remote worked and carried the box back up to the garage for me.GENERAL IMPRESSIONS:The TV is very thin. If you are using a slim wallmount make sure your connections are in place before mounting on the wall because you won't be able to make them after it's hanging on the wall.I can't get used to the amazing picture quality on this TV. Even old DVD's look better than ever. There is definately some video processing at work in the TV to achieve this effect, and I love it. Everything looks crisp, clear, and vibrant.INTERNET@TV and YAHOO WIDGETS:I thought internet@TV and the yahoo widgets would be a gimmick and never used. I was wrong on both accounts. internet@TV is great for streaming movies from netflix, roku, blockbuster, and amazonVOD services. They all work very well. This is about the only feature of internet@tv I see myself using. I don't need the games, or slideshows or facebook here, but streaming movies is great.the yahoo widgets are useful as well because they can be popped up onscreen without having to pause the action on the tv. It's great for checking the forecast, or tv listings.For either of these features to become truly useful they need to allow a wireless keyboard and mouse to connect to the tv because entering text with the remote is slow, and painful.3D:I was skeptical about 3d movies, if it would be a gimmick, or not worth the money, but I have been really impressed with the 3d movie Monster's vs. Aliens and ESPN 3d which I actually liked better than the cartoon. It really works well for 3d movies. I haven't been too impressed with 2d to 3d conversions, but at least you have the option to do it.My wife had some issues with the 3d cutting out the first time we watched Monsters vs. Aliens. A firmware update fixed that issue.OVERALL:Great Picture Quality, Great Price on Amazon, 3D is Cool.