our 28" crt finally died and gave us an opportunity to upgrade to the modern world.  only requirement we had was the new tv must fit within our entertainment cabinet.we had to get a tv no wider than 36.5" so that narrowed our choices tremendously.  based on that criteria, we looked for led backing for contrast and improved power efficiency, 1080p and 120Hz (don't know exactly what it means but know it's supposedly better than 720p and 60Hz).  didn't care about built-in internet capability.thank you everyone for your reviews, ordered the LG 37LE5300 but was concerned about the panel lottery that some reviewers wrote about (rdobrien3), even though i didn't think it would matter to me (remember, i'm coming from a 10 year old crt tv).the LG 37LE5300 arrived in 2 days - amazon rocks!  read the large white label on the top right corner and hoped to see the "W" after AUS... and it had following printed "37LE5300-UC.AUSWLUR".  so i guess i got lucky in the panel lottery and got the good one (ips)!  hurray!it was very easy to install the stand, all it took was screwing in 4 screws.plugged in the tv and went thru the initial setup in seconds.my challenge was the cable spaghetti in the back and getting them hooked up properly.  i wasn't able to use the auto tuning feature so i played around with the cables to no avail (no signal).  decided that hdmi connection between the cable box and new tv may resolve the tuning / signal issue but it was after 10pm.  luckily walmart was open (holiday hours).  didn't realize hdmi cables cost so much!?  bought a vizio 2 pack 6 ft hdmi cable (6 ft premium high-speed 120Hz ready) for $52!got home and connected the cable box to the tv with the new hdmi cable and voila!  easy peasy.then noticed that the without hd signals, the standard definition is substandard compared to my crt tv - maybe because with the larger display, the flaws (blockiness and coloring) were magnified.  got online with at&t; u-verse and ordered the hdtv upgrade for $10 (free 1st month).wow - what a difference between high def and standard def.  watched hd channels and amazed at the clarity, brightness and smoothness.  didn't notice the issues that some wrote about, such as the blurring or backlight clouding.  SWEET! or as wayne and garth would say SCHWING!i'm extremely happy with my purchase.  only recommendation is to order the newest standard amazonbasics high speed hdmi cable with your lg 37le5300.  which i just did!