This is a GREAT TV!  The picture (depending on source) is phenomenal.  The size (video picture and physical object) does not overwhelm you.  The TV can be viewed comfortably without being on a TV stand.  The design of  the TV & remote is excellent.  I had an opportunity to view this model  in a store, and my eyes were drawn to its picture quality (and I had to  remind myself of its physical size).This TV fits well in a room size  13x13.  It can be viewed comfortably even sitting a couple of feet from it.  There are five picture modes, 2 of which can be programmed to the viewer's  preference.  Because of its size, widescreen movies are enjoyable (before,  when choosing a video as either VHS or DVD, I would pick VHS if the DVD was  in widescreen format).  There are 4 video displays, three of which can be  programmed to accept 8 different components.Sony has included a lot of  programming choices in this model.  Connecting a receiver, VCR and DVD (and  getting them to work) took about 4 hours.  The TV needs to be off when  connecting a component.  Each component should be added one at a time,  rather than plugging & connecting everything at once and then turning  the TV on.  Apparently the TV needs to 'read' each component before it's  recognized.  The manual was somewhat confusing (because there are usually 2  to 4 combinations to use), but after a component was added you just follow  from the previous example for additional components.  P.S.:  the more  components you add, the more every cable & power cord needs to be  labeled.The remote is comfortable to handle.  There are problem with it  though: 1) in order to use a component, more than just one button needs to  be pressed; 2) you still need to use the remote that came with the  component.This can easily replace a 27-inch to 36-inch TV.  It weights  ~150 pounds and the footprint is small (20 D x 37 W x 42 H).  As the source  of the picture increases in quality, especially from the local TV stations,  this model will be enjoyed more and more.  Then a viewer will have a true  movie experience at home.I chose this TV based on: 1) picture quality;  2) video size & physical size; 3) design; 4) price [remember what you  paid for your current computer? It will outlast it! ] If you can find a  vendor, buy it!  Do not wait!  It will be the best investment!