Not knowing much about the difference between plasma, LCD, widescreen projections, etc. and the money they ask for them, I bought this expecting this to be a safe step into the more expensive, higher end televisions.  I was at first disappointed, but the more I watch this, the more pleased I am with the purchase.  Plasma is obviously high end, but I've heard wicked rumors about how fragile they are.  LCD is very nice and very light and manageable.  The misc. projection televisions afford the larger images at much cheaper prices, but sacrifice weight - what I learned in a nutshell.It has a hook-up for just about anything and everything you can imagine.  Red/Green/Blue things for the high-end video hook-up (I suggest a top-of-the-line DVD player and/or receiver to utilize this), an S-video connection (next best video), two or three standard video hookups (the red/white/yellow, which is the oldest technology), an HDTV hookup (still waiting for the HD cable service) and a PC monitor hookup if you're crazy enough to use this as a monitor.  The energy saving quick-button is nice for quickly adjusting the brightness - I've found that daytime watching vs. nighttime/all lights out movie watching requires it.  The sleep functions toggles in 30min intervals up to 180 minutes for those epic movies.  The biggest gripe I have as someone else did is about the speakers - not the greatest in the world.  They sound ok but if you're expecting any kind of base, get a sound system.  They are adequate for casual watching so you don't have to keep turning on the amp to get solid sound unless you've got 2.3 kids and 1.5 pets.  It will stretch any fullscreen picture to fit the widescreen and keep the settings per input (DVD widescreen vs. TV fullscreen doesn't require a toggle each time you change).Overall, a very user-friendly piece of equipment.  Highly recommended to those who are new to the higher end electronics or for those who already have a giant widescreen and would like something adequate for the bedroom.