Positives - Physical appearance is smart. Remote control is nice. As you've probably read, the HD display is nothing short of spectacular.However, there were a couple of things that left me disappointed. First, the TV does not have a feature to fill out the screen for regular standard definition programs, when it is connected through the set top box in 1080i mode. Let me explain what this means.In all likelihood, if you're buying this TV you'll want to get HD programming. In most likelihood, this will be through a set top box provided by your cable provider. This set top box, for optimal HD output, must be set to 1080i mode. If you set it to 480i or a similarly lower configuration, your HD picture will have black bars at the top and bottom. Setting the set top box to 1080i will give you full screen, awesome quality HD picture.However, in the 1080i mode, the regular programs (standard definition) such as Seinfeld, etc. will appear with black bars at the sides, and there is no way to have the picture fill the entire screen. Note: it is possible to do this if the set top box is configured to 480i, or if the cable is connected directly to the TV. But for HD, you'll want to have it set through the set top box with 1080i, and will have to live with black bars while watching standard programming.Second disappointment. Applies to people who connect to use a Sony Vaio laptop to this TV.The Sony Vaio laptops and this TV currently do not interoperate. I've tried all possible things to get it to work and have been through support calls with both Samsung and Sony, but I cannot get the PC output on the LCD. Apparently, Samsung is not able to render the Sony Vaio output. This was a pretty big disappointment for me, because I planned to watch DVDs by playing them on the laptop and connecting it to the TV. If you plan to connect a Vaio to your LCD TV, I don't recommend you buy this one.To summarize - Great HD picture, nice physical appearance, cannot display standard def. pictures in full screen in 1080i mode, does not work with Sony Vaio laptops.