can't say im one of those people who anaylizes every aspect of the TV but I will say this, its great.  I go over to my friends house and can tell a noticeable difference between theirs and mine.  Its just awesome.  For those of you looking for that deep review by a TV buff, this is not it.  But you want an opinion of a guy who has had 6 HDTVs (dating all the way back to the first HD Mitsubishi) this is hands down awesome, easy to use, easy to setup and great.  Only thing I wish I could do is stream netflix directly from it rather than amazon tv (which I think sucks).  But I have a PS3, so its whatever.OH and on a side note, I thought the whole 3D tv was a huge scam and worthless, I actually tried to find a TV that didn't have it just because I thought it was such a rip.  They basically told me that all higher end TVs have this feature now so I just gave in.  But I must say I was pleasantly surprised when watching avatar in 3D.  Very cool.  Can't say much else about it since thats all I've watched in 3D, but it was cool.Also, just a quick dig at samsung if thats what your thinking about getting it and on the fence between this one and a samsung model.  I owned a samsung plasma and it died in 2 years.  My buddy owned a samsung LCD and it died in 2 years.  When I was shopping at best buy to just view the TV (wasn't about to buy it from them) I started talking to a guy who was looking to buy a new one as well.  Guess what TV he was replacing, a samsung, which lasted him 2 years.  My buddy bought a Panasonic Plasma 6 years ago and its still going strong, no problems at all.  I dont care what people say about samsungs great picture, and stylish design, and everything else.  They wont last for you, period.  Now I say that based on my experience on the others I mentioned, but seriously, if your in the market for a TV, buy a Panasonic.  Way better quality when it comes to Plasma and just TVs in general.  Unless that is you enjoy buying a new TV every 2 years or so and need an excuse for your wife to do so.