I got a great deal on this tv (1899) at BestBuy and i'm very pleased. I originally planned on picking up a Samsung D8000 LED LCD, because of the awesome picture, but I decided not to after discovering the input latency issue with video games. Apparently even in game mode, your looking at 60 ms delay or so where as the Plasmas have about 30 ms. This is probably not a big deal to a non video gamer, but a low input lag is a must when playing games like Halo. I scoured the internet to find a set with as nice a picture as the D8000 but without the faults and all signs pointed me back to to the Panasonic Plasmas.That said, I wrote off Plasmas a while back due to the issues inherent, such as screen burn in, short life and weight, not to mention cost. Well I'm here to tell you that this TV is just a little bit heavier than my old 55" DLP Rear Projection set (90lb vs. 70), it's as thin as most LCDs, the life expectancy is rated at 30,000 hours and the image retention is almost non existent! I say almost because apparently if you watch ESPN all day or play a game all day without switching up, the image can become burned in, not to be confused with image retention.  There are however settings on the TV to further minimize this such as image shift(?) and there's the white bar wipe procedure that can be performed when retention is noticed.All in all, i'm very happy with the purchase and I can't believe how great the picture looks, but there are a couple of minor cons that i'll call out below.So to sum up..Pros:Great PictureThinVeracast Internet Browser (allows app downloads)Included wifi adaptorWeightLong LifeMultiple USB ports (good for video camera skyping and or flash drives and HD)Cons:Only audio output is HDMI or Toslink which is a problem not only for older Receivers but new 2 channel as well. I got around this by routing seperate audio cables to receiver, which works great except for the Veracast Audio.The HDMI cables plug in from the side of the tv and stick out.Burn in is still real but much less likely.-J