I have owned the Samsung PN50C8000 for about 4 months now (July 2010), and I absolutely love it!  This is by far the best TV that I have ever own.  As always, there are Pros and Cons, which I will try to detail as close as possible:*PROS*-Excellent picture quality:  The picture quality for this TV is simply awesome.  CNET.com rated this one of the best 3D TVs for 2010, just a tad behind the Panasonic 3D TV in picture quality, but after reading many reviews, the difference may be neglible.  I saw both TVs side by side and I could not tell much difference in picture quality.-Power-options for TV calibration:  The TV comes with multiple options for TV calibration, including 10-point calibration scale.-3D picture:  3D image is awesome!  You gotta see it to believe it.-Upconvert 2D -> 3D: This is one of this TVs differentiating factors from the Panasonic.  2D to 3D conversion works "decently" well.  However, there is a discernible difference between native 3D content, and upconverted content, mostly that long term view of upconverted content may give you nausea or headaches, whereas native 3D content does not.  Nevertheless, the upconversion is fairly good, and you can certainly get the "depth" perception from an upconverted signal.-Slim factor: This TV is THIN for a plasma, a big plus in my book.  It looks like an LCD, and there are some LCDs out there that are even thicker than this TV.-HDMI Audio Return: Only one cable required if you have a 3D compatible audio receiver.*CONS*-Heat: This TV can generate some heat.  CNET.com ranks power consumption as low, and you can certainly feel the heat.-May have a Buzzing sound: Some earlier units came with a very discernible and annoying buzzing sound.  I got it the first time, got an exchange, and the second unit was buzz free.-No 3D glasses: You have to buy your glasses.  If you are buying this TV for 3D, then it will increase the cost for your 3D setupCONCLUSIONIn conclusion, this TV makes an excellent 2D TV, and the fact that is 3D compatible is an added bonus.  Whether you are looking to step into 3D TV, or just get an excellent 2D TV, you cannot go wrong with this TV.  Highly recommended!!