Got it connected to the black macbook intel. first gen.connection type mini-dvi to dvi, dvi to hdmi.cable is anolog subscription. no digital box from cable company.audio is running through toslink on logitech z5500.The tv is amazing.I thought it was going to be too small in comparision to the 46. but if you are less than 8 feet away 46 is going to be too big... the tv looks huge....im sitting about 6 feet way.It was very simple to get the image on the screen it wasnt too bad setting up the resolutions to fit the computer image correctly.Very simple to catch on to.my settings are dynamic display. no energy saving. the size is on "just scan" which for some reason is awesome. and it fits the entire macbook display as opposed to the 16:9got my cables from best buy. but i ordered some from monoprice that just arent here yet. go to monoprice to get cables bestbuy and stores like it are just too high. I got a 25 ft cable so i will update how the image looks when the cable is longer than 6 ft...I really like that i subscribe to basic cable for $16 which is only supposed to be 18 anolog channels. and the tv is able to get over 100 digital channels just on auto-program. im getting all the channels that most people pay at least $50... it has a feature that lets you favorite channels which is also convenient since some of the channels you get are just random.  (unless you actully watch cable tv... i dont watch tv... but i think its cool to get it for 16$)also i thought that i would need to get an hd dvd player or at least something better than my macbook's dvddrive. but dvds look awesome.both backups and regular.avi is also surprisingly appealing... the main reason i bought the tv was to watch anime on a bigger screen. the majority of my anime is avi and i am very happy with the quality.last but not least. i had no problems at all with eagle shipping. I actully placed my order under the wrong address and then called amazon who changed the address with little issues. the tv got here 2 days ahead of shed. and if u call eagle that will shed the pick up date and time with you. my guy was even an hour early... he waited about 5 mins for me to get home. then didnt leave till i saw that it was working functionally. He even let me know about the diff. warranties and everything5 stars. will put up pictures later