I bought this TV in January, so I've had a few months to use it, and also to compare it to the LCD HDTVs that I have seen in other peoples' homes.  This TV has the best picture of any LCD of any size, by any manufacturer that I have ever seen, and I don't mean a little bit better--I mean a LOT better. I have it in my living room, and it looks great no matter what distance I sit from it. The standard def channels are as good as one could expect, and the HD channels are nothing short of breathtaking in their clarity and color. My husband and I have been watching for almost 6 months now and still say every night. "Wow, can you believe that picture?". The TV continues to amaze us. We can't believe what a great deal we got on it! We don't watch the standard def channels unless we have to. We're spoiled! Regular CRT sets now look really grainy and dim.The piano black frame looks so elegant. Don't worry about it being reflective. I worried about that and I've never even noticed it--it just looks beautiful in the room.I didn't have to do any tweaking of the settings--guess I was lucky. I purchased HDMI cables on Amazon for less than $5 (Cables Unlimited 6FT HDmi Cable). They arrived in two days and work perfectly. Don't pay any more for HDMI cables. You'll just be getting ripped off!There's just no room for improvement in the HD picture. It looks completely lifelike.I have the audio set up to run through a stereo (not home theater) receiver and Bose speakers. The TV sound was OK, but I did notice some vibration with bass sounds. I knew I would be using an alternative sound system, but if you're not planning to do that, the vibration might be something to think about, as I have seen other reviews that mention it.Again, the picture is superb! I was over a relative's home yesterday and they had just purchased a Panasonic 46 inch LCD. They thought it was fabulous. I felt sorry for them, thinking that they have no idea what they're missing! Everyone who comes to our home and sees the TV wants to buy one just like it, and a couple of people have done just that. They are just as happy as we are.I cannot recommend this TV enough. You will not find a better picture at any price!