It's my first LCD television.  We looked at lots of them before deciding on this one.  Ultimately, the Sony brand got us, due to our perceptions of long term reliability.On the good side:Pretty decent sound - it's amazing how tinny many 23" to 32" LCD televisions sound...far worse than the built-in sound of the entry-level RCA 17" CRT television this one is replacing.  The only 32" we found with fuller sound was a Toshiba.  Most were worse.  Still, it's only two-star sound, but this is good for a 32" TV.Very nice I/O complement.  The only thing it's missing is USB ports, but those are hard to find in ANY 32" LCD.  The included audio output connections would allow you to connect, for instance, a small 3-piece computer speaker system, which would be a HUGE improvement in sound.Exceptionally wide viewing angle - if you can see the screen at all, the picture is as good as straight in front of it.VERY easy to set up.  I've helped other people set up their LCD TVs and none were as easy as this one.Acoustically quiet.  Some LCD TVs have a faint buzzing sound when powered up...not this one.On the not-so-good side:It stinks.  Literally.  For some reason, Sony plastics exude a very strong odor of processing chemicals.  We found it necessary to put the thing in our garage for the first few months, just to avoid stinking up the house!The picture, typical of Sony TVs is not very natural.  It's over-bright and garish; you can tame this to some degree with the video settings.  If you watch a lot of cartoons or movies with CGI, maybe you'll actually appreciate the excessive colors - particularly red.Blossoming reds - we noticed that there's never any particularly good definition in red objects.  However, in comparison to other TVs at the stores we visited, the focus and detail in other colors was superior.When playing back non-HD material, particularly if using the S-VIDEO connector, there seems to be a higher than normal level of ghosting and graininess...more so than we noticed on our old TV.  Maybe this is normal when you're moving up to a double-sized TV.Price.  At $800, it's not a bargain.  But if you have faith in Sony quality, the price isn't bad.