This TV has an amazing picture, vibrant colors, crisp, bright images.I use my receiver for sound so I really can't comment on the speakers but I have used them a few times and they're unremarkable.  There are your typical sound modes (surround, music, etc.) but they really seem to only change the sound minimally.  If you're paying over a grand for a tv, I would imagine you also have a surround sound setup in your house so it doesn't really matter.I am not a fan of smooth motion effects.  I think they are gimmicky and as one reviewer mentioned "cheap soap opera effect."  It looks like I'm watching some TV series when I'm watching my movies.  I've used it for sports and honestly I can't tell a difference.  Movies actually make me nauseous when I turn on the effect.  All it does is increase the frames-per-second (FPS) of the TV but only artificially increasing the movie's 24fps to 120 which only just multiplies each frame by about 5 so subtle movements or slow camera movements look almost as if they're in fast forward.  I would recomment turning off the smooth mode entirely as it really is gimmicky.The only complaints I could possibly have is the media sharing mode is very limited, it's slow, and it supports a small amount of codecs so don't expect to be streaming much media.  I was only able to get it to work on non-subscription-based music and pictures.  I could not however get it to stream any videos from my pc, any digital copies of movies or zune-based movies I've purchased didn't work and it didn't even recognize my Windows Phone 7 videos.  There is no wifi on this TV but the media sharing the TV has is the only network abilities is has anyway so that doesn't really matter.  There is no vudu, netflix, internet radio, youtube, etc. features on this TV.If you're looking for an amazing picture and you don't care about network features, streaming, built in movie streaming services, or internet services I would recommend this TV.  As of today there is no firmware updates for it but as I've had not one problem with the TV I can see why they haven't updated anything.  It would be nice if they did throw some features in there but since I have a samsung BD player that does have a lot of internet features (and wifi, though I don't need it as my router is right next to my TV/BD player/360) I don't need those features anyway.  Plus my 360 works really well as a media extender anyway so I'm really digging now for things to complain about.