First, to preface this review:  My first plasma was a 42" Panasonic in 2003.  It was 480p and cost a bit over $4500.  Back then, it was more about thin than anything else.  I still have that panel and it works fine, with the caveat that the black is more of a light gray.  Fast forward to 2011 and you have a 55" panel that is 1080p for under $1400 with black levels that rival the reference pioneer panels.  I'm a bit of a TV junkie and have had LCD's, LED's and plasmas throughout my home.  This panel is stellar in terms of image quality.  I don't really care about the 3D BS; 2D image quality is what matters and at a viewing distance of 9 feet, this thing rocks.First, kudos to Amazon for their efficient logistics:  I ordered this thing on a Sunday night and it was hanging in my man-cave on Thursday morning.  Best Buy didn't even have a date that it could be delivered and Amazon had them beat on price by $300 and had it in my house in 4 days..... Seriously?  Now to Panasonic.....  It's amazing how anal we have become over image quality when 10 years ago we were squinting at our CRT televisions wondering if Dick Clark was wearing a blue tux or a black tux.  Today, we are looking to see if Ryan Seacrest has a piece of sushi stuck between his teeth.  All I can tell you is that for the money, this panel kicks ass.  I have a Samsung LCD, and Sony LED and a Samsung plasma and this thing puts them all to shame.  Scoop this up while you can at these prices before the 2012's hit the street.  There is no way that the 2012's will be that better than this crop.Small caveat on plasma's achilles heel: image retention and burn in.  This panel is replacing a Samsung D8000 from 2010.  The Sammy performed admirably with the exception of line bleeding (dark text on a light background) and atrocious image retention (not burn-in).  I HIGHLY recommend running the break in slides easily available online via a google search for the first 100 hours of use.  I've watched ESPN and other networks with ridiculous logos and have not had any issues with image retention at all.  Don't let the thought of image burn ruin your experience with this panel.  Break it in, and then be smart with the settings.  As long as you avoid torch mode, you will have years of joy with this thing.....