I got this TV just over a month ago and the first weekened I had it I found it hard to leave the house.  Forget about the 3D capabilities for now (though I have to say they are MUCH better than the junk you see in theaters).  There is ONE movie available at this time and it's a kids flick so really, who cares.The picture quality on this TV has to be experienced.  At 7,000,000:1 Contrast Ratio even the regular crapy HD broadcast from your cable provider will blow your mind.  It is so realistic that your brain actually protests and tells you that there is something wrong.  At times you feel like you can reach into the screen and touch things...  Playing a Blu-ray DVD is where this TV really shines at the moment.  I was watching the latest Star Trek and the scenes on the bridge were just stunning.  You can actually see the flaws in the actors makeup!!!  Movie directors better watch out with this new generation of equipment.  The screwups in their work come glaring at you from that ultra clear picture on screens like this.One feature of note.  The TV has a 3D mode built in where it actually takes an HD 2D picture and applies some tech magic to do a faux 3D.  I though this would be a cheesy ad-on that I would never use... Wrong...  If you have a good HD broadcast like some of the newer nature shows that have been recorded in the last few years when you turn on this 3D mode and put on your glasses, while you do not get a true 3D image out of it, it does add depth to the picture you are watching making it an experience on it's own.In summary, welll worth the money spent, specialy if you get the bundle with the new 3D player and the starter package with the glasses.  Actually ver price competitive with other non 3D setups of this quality so why not?Update November 2010:After 3 months of service I love this TV even more than when I got it.  I wish Samsung would pay commissions because two of my friends literaly left my house to go buy this TV after they wathed a movie on mine.  I have nothing but positive things to say about this TV.  One of the best I have ever bought.