Being the cheap bastard that I am, I had been eyeballing flat screens for months before making a purchase. Now I had researched everything and knew exactly what I wanted and cross referencing that with cost, I came up with this tv. Bottom line is, I love it, it's the greatest tv I've ever had. The picture is perfect, the colors are bold and the contrast is excellent. I picked this up from walmart last year during the black friday sale on it (less than $700 for an led flat screen!) and had to borrow a truck with an 8' bed just to get it home. Needless to say, it's a bigass tv. The best part is that it's so thin I was able to put it back far enough to use a sound bar.This brings me to the very only bad part about this tv, the sound. Considering how thin the tv is, I'm amazed it sounds as good as it does but the speakers are tiny. However, if 90% of your tv watching is just broadcast tv, it's fine for just casual talking as in tv shows. If you are a big movie watcher, I'd suggest a soundbar so you can have the bass that makes you feel like you're in the movie. I was lucky and found a closeout where a high priced one had been marked about 80% off.The only other "bad" thing that I don't like about this tv is that blue light that stays on whenever the tv is off. It's a bright blue LED. Now this is no problem if the tv is in a living room away from where you're sleeping but if you have it in the bedroom, prepare to have your ceiling glowing blue. It sucks for those that had the power supply fail but there is a failure rate on EVERY tv out there, even on tvs that cost twice as much but most won't have any problems.As for gaming, I play my xbox on it all the time and have no issues with burn-in, even with playing for 8+ hours. Now I don't play online but I have no lag playing offline games, as soon as I hit the button things happen in the game instantaneously. If you're a super hardcore game that worries about lag in the milliseconds range, you'd be better off with a tv with 240mhz (most cheap led flat screens use 60mhz, this tv is 120mhz, 240mhz are very expensive).Due to the tv being as big as it is, the people in tv shows are lifesized, it makes it seem as though the tv is just a window and you're seeing it as it happens. I guess that's what people in other reviews mean when they say it looks 3D.If I was going to buy another tv, It would be this exact same tv, it has the features and the quality I want at a great price.