Just got it the other day from Amazon. Arrived earlier than the appointed time, but all they did was deliver--I made them wait until I inspected the TV and was satisfied. Not going to ding the review for that, but I would ding the delivery co (Pilot) if given a chance.The TV was very easy to assemble, and very light, compared to my old Philips 37-inch LCD. In fact, the width on both are the same, but the Samsung is a bit taller. Overall, it takes up as much space as the old TV, so that was a plus.The default picture quality was way too bright and constrasty, but that goes with the territory. The adjustment menus are easy with helpful hints on the bottom. Hooked up to my cable box, it really shows how crappy SD broadcasts are; HD broadcasts are very noticeably better.The 4 HDMI inputs are more than enough for my use (Cable, Apple TV, DVD). All of the audio is output from the optical jack to my receiver.The Internet apps seem, from my initial impression, just ok. Samsung has its own app store where you can purchase and download apps like games, video channels (Netflix, Vudu) and internet applets. Some are free, some cost anywhere between 99cents to about 2 bucks. Where it could be better is the response time when navigating through the app store, as well as navigating within the Yahoo app (the remote has a dedicated button for accessing Yahoo). It's awfully slow! The TV is wired directly to the router that's connected to a 16mb connection. Videos like Netflix play just fine, it's just that it's very slow to navigate through the menus. It seems the processor that handles the apps is just barely able, or rather the apps and the TV's menu system could have been written more efficiently. Compared to my Apple TV, which navigates and plays videos with ease, Samsung's apps leaves quite a bit to be desired.Samsung also has a remote app for the iPhone/iPad (free). It's a nice touch, and since it works within your home network, there's no need to be in line of sight. It duplicates the remote buttons, changing the layout depending on what you're doing (e.g., bring up keyboard when it needs to, etc). Very handy when signing up and changing the settings on the aforementioned Yahoo app.Although I'm using my Apple TV for internet video (mostly Netflix), I feel I have to ding Samsung for the lack of quality for its own apps and menus. Moreover, they don't seem to be too keen on keeping the software updated, unlike dedicated units like Apple and others.Overall, I'm quite satisfied with the TV. I like the how it looks on the stand, I like the video/picture quality, and despite my misgivings on its Internet app, I would still recommend it.