These TVs are LEMONS. I have had 3 replacements sent to me to try and resolve this issue that is clearly a software issue or a problem with their mainboard. While watching tv via the apps like netflix, or hdmi on a bluray, the tv will reboot itself. The screen will go dark, the white status light in the bottom corner will come on and the tv will boot back up to the blank input screen. This will wipe the login information to netflix and sometimes hulu and amazon. I was concerned this could be an issue with power in my brand new house so I hooked it to a UPS. It made no difference, the issue still occurred.The first tv that had this issue upon calling Vizio had the mainboard replaced by an onsite tech. The problem still occurred.The second tv they sent was a refurbished unit. This one had the same problem. Upon calling Vizio they said they would send a brand new non refurb unit. She then promised me that if the issue occurred again, they would send a different comparable model.The Third tv has the same issue. I called today to have them send a different model and the phone tech said they wanted to send a tech onsite to do diagnostics. I informed her that the last tech that was here observed my setup and said there was no reason why my environment would cause this issue. She said that they wont send a different model unless they come onsite to do this. AGAIN. I asked to speak to easily one of the WORST most UNPROFESSIONAL Managers I have ever spoken to. He constantly would interrupt me, telling me this is an issue with my environment and not their under-engineered, poorly tested, vaporware tv's.  He said he would not honor the last customer service representatives promise and would put in for a request to refund me and I have to wait until Monday for that approval. He said that if it wasn't approved, they would have to send a tech to seek out an environmental cause. I used to be a huge vizio fan. I have a lcd tv of theirs that has had no issues for over 5 years. This experience with this tv and that awful manager have turned me off to this brand forever. Save yourself the headache. Find another brand that values their customers and continued business. They will NEVER get mine again.