First I would like to say that I totally back up the first reviewer as far as the make and model of this TV is concerned.  It is not the crappy version that you see here on Amazon.  I also would not have purchased this one for the price.  The version that they have looks like an oversized regular model TV.  Nothing I would spend more than $200.00 for.  The 232V model I have has two speakers - one on each side.  Now let's get to my personal review.I purchased this TV about two or so weeks ago and I'm extremely pleased.  Even though this unit does not carry the so-called brand name, DO NOT SLEEP ON THIS SILENT KILLER!  The colors & picture are absolutely stunning.  My DVD player comes through with great clarity. WOW!  No problems with the volume.  I use this with the minimum volume settings and it still appears loud (without the home theater system on).  I wanted to test the volume by increasing it, only to hurt my eardrums halfway through.  The speakers work great. I also have a SONY Theater System attached to this baby so you know I'm riding high in the clouds.  My son is jealous and now he wants this TV.  I paid about $550.00 at Circuit City when they were running a sale.  You can't go wrong.  This TV could hang up there with the other 32" costing hundreds more.I bet if you put this TV side by side with the other models costing more, you would probably see no difference.  I read the reviews on Circuit City's website before I made my final decision and I couldn't be more pleased.This TV has plenty of hookups in the back of the unit for various devices.  There's no shortage here.  At the moment, I have two DVD players attached (DVD & Recorder), theater system, and I'm in the process of getting my Direct TV attached next.I have this unit attached to a swivel wall mount. I was going to write a review about the wall mount, but I do not see it listed on Amazon.  The wall mount that they have only has four screws that you would use to attach the unit to the TV mount, mine has six.  Since I was going to attach a tv that weighs about 40 pounds, why not get a device that can hold it more firmly.  Maybe it's my paronoia, but who wants to come home one day to find their $500.00 unit on the floor in pieces?  Be aware, not all wall mounts work with all flat panels. They say universal, but some people have been caught out there big time!!!!!!(As of 6/9/08, it looks like Amazon has the correct pic of this tv.)