I spent hours comparing the features and picture quality of this HDTV versus similarly priced and sized Vizio and Sanyo models.  The audio blew away the Vizio in volume (appeared to be equal that of the Sanyo), and the picture quality of the Philips seemed to be slightly better than the Sanyo (and equal to the Vizio) when compared side by side.  The Sanyo had a ton of features on the remote to adjust the picture, however the Philips scored high in terms of "ease of use" in setting up a great picture to your own preference.  The Philips also had better specs than the other two brands, e.g. the response time was a blazing 2 ms which makes for sharper dynamic images.I also researched all three models on line, and found that there were many complaints about the Vizio breaking just after the one year warranty expired.  When all was said and done, I took the Philips 47 inch TV home.After viewing this TV for about a month, I have nothing but praise for it.  The clarity is fabulous and the colors are vibrant and realistic.  Watching certain shows/movies in HD just blows me away; the depth of field is so deep that the picture has a three dimensionality to it.  The equalizer is a great feature for the audio, and presents a very nice sound stage and is so powerful at 20 Watts there's a lot of volume on reserve.I also like the "Power Saver" preset mode and use it often.  It gives a very decent picture yet it uses considerably less than its 285 peak power consumption.  With it's 4 HDMI and 4 A/V ports, along with S-Video and USB 2.0 (for viewing AVI as well as WMV movies directly from a flash drive), this TV has all the ports you would need for any home entertainment center.  Hooking up a laptop (Mac) was easy after buying a DVI-HDMI adapter (but if you do use an adapter you'll also need a separate cable for your audio).The remote control is sleek (even for smaller hands), ergonomic, and easy to use.  It has the look and feel of a quality remote that will last.When I phoned Philips for help hooking up my laptop to the TV, they answered the phone promptly and were very helpful, professional and courteous.  I have phoned them in the past with questions (I have other Philips products) and have always been very satisfied with my experience with Customer Service/Tech Support.I highly recommend this TV for anyone looking for a larger HDTV at a good price.  To me Philips means quality, and I am becoming a loyal customer with every purchase I make.