We recently purchased the 58" Panasonic 3D HDTV. We were planning on a different unit that was not 3D. However, when we were checking them out at the electronics store they had a special on this TV that included a free Panasonic 3D bluray player with extra 3D glasses and two movies as well. Upon review we discovered that this TV was the top pic for ZD Net's 2010 Plasma TV's for 2D and 3D both so we figured we couldn't go wrong with this unit.Our previous TV was a 50 inch LG Plasma that exploded and died one night, so when considering new TV's we revisted the whole LCD vs. Plasma debate before settling on a Plasma again. I highly recommend you go into a store with multiple TV's, as there is indeed a difference in the look of the images between the technologies in addition to some weird artifact on the screens with the LCD TV's (at least to our eyes). When we were just reading about the TV's we thought for sure we'd end up with an LCD. However, once we were looking at them side by side we had no question that plasma was the right look and "feel" for us. (We compared both old style LCD and the LED LCD styles with the Plasmas)I'm not an AV expert, so I can't talk all the technical details. However, I've discovered that I'm definitely someone who appreciates the feel of film that you get with plasma over the more slick, soap opera look of the LCD screens. However, if you like very bright pictures the LCD might be right for you.All in all, suffice it to say that we love our new Panasonic plasma TV. It far out performs our old LG plasma. When shopping for it, it also seemed to out perform the other plasmas and LCD's in the big box electronics store when we assessed them side by side. (which I strongly recommend you do).If you're excited about 3D, you may want to read my short review about the 3D glasses you need when watching 3D movies. Panasonic TY EW3D10U - 3D glasses - active shutter We were disappointed to find that the fit and comfort of the glasses are terrible for those who have a more petite, narrow bridge of the nose. (Many women and children) To the point that it definitely interferes with enjoyment of watching the 3D movies.Summary: Great TV, received top rating by ZD Net for both 2D and 3D, visually the picture looked the best when compared to other plasmas and LCD's in the big box electronic store. However the 3D glasses by Panasonic offer a terrible fit, so check them out when considering 3D.