I bought this television 2 months ago and am very satisfied with the purchase.  There have been no problems with the set and it has done everything it claims.  After researching for months, it was down to the LG and the Samsung 63A650.  While not in Pioneer's Kuro class, the LG 60PG60 did a superb job in direct head-to-head comparison with the Samsung being only slightly stonger in black level and contrast (differences which I do not even notice at home).  Back in October, the Samsung was also $1200 more than the LG, so losing just 10% of screen size was a no-brainer. (Most importantly, I found after buying, and subsequently returning, the 63" Samsung plasma, that there was an issue with 2 light, 4"-wide pink stripes running down the screen that could be seen in shots with a lot of white, especially black-and-white films. Samsung claimed the stripes were "in spec" and not in need of repair or replacement.  Despite the otherwise great picture and excellent features, I just couldn't live with the stripes at $4G.  After checking different-sized Samsung plasmas in three different local electronic stores, I saw one or two pink stripes on all but one screen!  Take a look on the ASV forum and you'll see other people have identified this problem.) The LG 60PG60 makes an excellent replacement.In general, I agree with the CNET review on this TV: "The good:  Highly accurate primary colors in THX mode; solid video processing; superb feature set with numerous picture controls; fine connectivity with four HDMI and one PC input; beautiful external design. The bad: Less accurate color decoding and grayscale in THX mode; produces lighter blacks than the best plasmas.  The bottom line: Although its THX mode isn't as accurate as we'd like to see, the massive LG 60PG60 60-inch plasma TV still delivers a good picture."A word on Amazon.com white glove service.  I've used it several times this year and have had no problems with either scheduling or delivery.  This service is truly a wonderful and useful bonus to an already tremendous pricing on the TV. Kudos to Amazon.com!