There are enough reviews out there on the internet about the Panasonic VIERA TC-P65GT30 65-Inch 1080p 3D Plasma HDTV and it's (TC-P65GT50) successor that I don't need to add much. Fantastic picture quality for the money and nothing really seems to come close. It is a Plasma so it has a fantastic viewing angle and great blacks but the screen is a bit reflective and not the brightest so you'll have to live with that. It's also one of the most power hungry TVs out there. Almost 600 watts!So why only 1-star? For many consumer products the warranty is important but not a key factor in a purchase decision. For a 65", 100+ pound behemoth that you get addicted to watching every day the warranty is important. So here's my story: I turn on the TV one morning and hear a pup followed by a loud buzzing sound. I take a closer look and find that a crack has developed underneath the front glass.So first thing I do is call panasonic but they're closed so I e-mail them. I get a response asking me to call. Great what was the point of the e-mail? So I call and the person tells me that they can't help and that I need to e-mail them a picture but he gives me a bad e-mail address. So I spend while finding customer services address on the web and all my mail gets bounced back since they seem to be bad addresses. I get on chat during business hours and again they can't help me but at least I get the right e-mail address.So I dutifully send the picture and wait, and wait another day then I start asking for updates every day or two. Still nothing. Finally I call again and I give them my case number and I'm told corporate has determined that this is not a manufacturing defect.Wait. What? Without physically looking at it or sending someone out to take a look? So I ask them if I can just get a service call so they can see that there is no damage to the set. Nope. It's on my dime. Finally I ask what would happen if the service person determines it's a manufacturing defect? They don't know. It's out of their hands.Stay away from Panasonic. At the very least I would expect a service call for something under warranty so they can actually determine what's going on with it.