I purchased this TV as a replacement for my Samsung HLR5656W, an 8 year old DLP HDTV that recently died. I'm not particularly interested in the wireless features or apps because I use my PC connected to the TV for everything; I'm sure wireless would be frustrating for an HD experience until wireless ac equipped TV's become standard anyway. I don't use DVD players, or watch television. I only have my PC and PS3 and can only speak for this usage.Picture quality out of the box is pretty good, but the settings may need to be adjusted. Default settings have extreme brightness but washed out color, and a bit of playing with settings resolved this. Afterwards, I was impressed with the TV's overall clarity, although disappointed with the pixelation in darker scenes and SD content. However, in the advanced settings, I toggled black detail to low, and afterwards experienced no problems with pixelation, clarity or color. With the PS3, when using game mode, the display seemed more responsive and has less lag. In both cases, they are connected via HDMI in 1080p. I don't have anything else connected, and don't make use of the tuner at all, but from my viewing experience with the PC, I can say HD content looks stunning, and after playing with some of the settings, SD content remains watchable (I feared otherwise in transitioning from DLP to LED). The bezel is nearly invisible, giving the TV a slightly smaller feel than my old TV, but the viewing experience is improved overall. I use a Logitech Harmony remote, which I had programmed and ready to go upon receiving the TV, so have only used the included remote a bit, but experienced no problems with it. The viewing angle is acceptable too; I can still watch about 40 degrees off center with only a slight dimming effect. My only true complaints are the lack of power button, and that the TV seems a bit wobbly on the included stand; I assembled it correctly by sliding into the base of the TV and bolting from the back. It should be okay if my cat decides to nuzzle it, but this is earthquake country, so stability is always a concern. It should be noted that this review was written the following morning after receiving the TV, so I cannot speak to longevity yet, but will update my review based on any problems I encounter.