The Sony Bravia KDL-52W5100 produces an outstanding high definition (HD) picture.I did not note a particular problem with picture quality when viewing from an angle, even a little more than 45 degrees.Calibration of the set is fairly straight forward, and the average viewer would probably be satisfied with the standard picture.  If you're a viewer with a highly refined eye, you can tweek the picture to your heart's delight through the options menu accessed through the remote.  There are numerous suggestions for custom setting for this TV on the Internet.I was torn between ordering Sony BRAVIA V-Series KDL-52V5100 52-Inch and a similar and the higher rated Samsung LN52A650.  I was leaning toward the Sony because the set was going in a room with several windows, so reflection was a consideration. The Sony screen has a satin non-reflective finish instead of the Samsung's high gloss. Several on-line reviewers had noted that the reflective surface of the Samsung was a problem. When I was ready to pull the trigger on this purchase I found the best Samsung price was $600 higher than the Sony.  That along with my other considerations made up my mind in favor of the Sony.LCD TV's have relatively small speakers, so the quality of sound is decent but limited.  Many will chose to add a surround sound system or at least a couple of external speakers.Purchase and DeliveryI found the best price online at Amazon.com.  I ordered the set Monday and it was delivered to my home on Friday morning.  The driver took the set out of the box and took all of the packing with him (earning a nice tip).  The set came right out of the box mounted on a small fixed black stand.  When I ordered the TV, I also ordered a useful flat panel TV stand with an integrated mount to the back of the set. This raises the TV a couple of feet off of the floor, provides left and righ swivel, and has 2 glass shelves for the cable box, blue Ray, etc.  These stand are available locally or on line for [...].I strongly recommend this television and Amazon.com.