I love the design and picture quality of the product. I have netflix subscription, the picture quality in netflix is perfect HD even if the movie I watch is not HD. I use my external hard drive connected thru USB of TV to watch and listen movies and songs. Even with out a cable connection we can enjoy the TV using Internet. Internt @ TV is really a very good concept. The only bad thing is that the internet connection is wired. Such a High end TV has wired connection, it should be wireless. We can achieve that using a wireless adapter which costs $70 more. I purchased this with Kit which includes Blu-ray and 3d glasses. THe 3d glasses are very good. The bad thing is that we should change the bettaries if they are done. It would be good if they are rechargeable. We can buy 1 pair of rechargeable for $200, I will wait for the price drop and continue using the glasses provided by Samsung. There is no much thing to tell about the 3d blu-ray player. I have ordered the hdmi 1.4 cables PTC Premium Gold Series High Speed HDMI Cable, 6 feet (3-Pack). The 3d disc provided in the bundle is amazing and 3d view is eye catching. When we see the 3d picture it will be like seeing in real world. There are no words to describe the real 3d content of TV. There is a fake 3d content (convert 2d to 3d) which will not be good to see and you dont feel you are watching real 3d. Next regarding sound, If you are Music Lovers and If you want perfect sound it will be better to get a 3d surround Home theater system with Receiver. the sound output for TV is Just 20W. It is not a good sound. After some days of research, I found Onkyo HTS5300 System 7.1 3d surround Home Theater system with receiver. Onkyo HT-S5300 7.1-Channel Home Theater Receiver/Speaker Package with Dock for iPhone/iPod ( Black) Only limited stores have stock. Even if some stores take the order and after you pay they say the item is backordered.  It will be better to inquire before you order. The output of the Onkyo speaker system 1200W, it is very good and huge sound.Samsung UN46C8000 46-Inch 1080p 3D 240 Hz LED HDTV