Samsung PN50C7000 50-Inch 1080p 3D Plasma HDTV (Black)Ok, so I've had this TV for about two weeks now and I must say I am pretty blown away. Upgraded from an old 37 inch LCD that I bought back in 2004 (can you say early adopter?). Needless to say this is a whole new experience.PICTURE:The first warning I must give anyone is once you have everything set up, INTALL THE FIRMWARE UPDATE. Sorry to "yell" but this is really important. At first, I was a little worried. All my HD channels looked like bad soap operas. But I just connected my TV to the internet and did the software update. Immediate fix. Now, the picture is really top notch. With just a few tweaks I was able to get everything optimized for my moderately lit room. I am experiencing a little ghosting but from what I have read this is typical in new Plasma TVs and should go away after the 100 hour mark. The ghost images go away pretty quickly after watching a full screen HD channel for a few minutes.SOUND:Like most people have said, the internal speaker is so-so ... but if you are considering a 50 inch plasma and have no home theater system you might want to hold off until you can invest in both.INTERNET APPS:The Samsung Apps are kind of cool. I've only played with a few of them, but so far the Netflix and Ted Talks apps are the ones I see myself using the most. Netflix operates very similarly to how the the XBOX 360 app works. It's nice to not have to fire up the XBOX every time I want to watch Netflix. With this new TV you can just launch it with the click of a button. (Once again, make sure you have the latest app version. The Neflix app that came pre-installed was woefully outdated.) Hopefully they will continue to add popular services to this menu.3D:Well what can I say... it works, but it's not something I see myself using alot. I got the glasses as part of a bundle deal that Amazon was running. It's a nice to have but so far seems more like a novelty, not a necessity. Can put a real strain on your eyes after an hour or so.FINAL THOUGHTS:In the end, very happy with the purchase. Great TV for a good price. Free scheduled delivery with Amazon Prime a huge plus. Hope this review is useful.