This TV is absolutely stunning. I was actually waiting for the C9000 to come out, but that TV's price is way over the limit. I found out that this TV which is the next step down and actually has the exact same technology as the C9000 minus the touchscreen remote (which can be bought seperately) and the slim profile, not a big deal considering the TV already looks beautiful and is half the price or less then a C9000!In all honesty, I think this TV has one of the nicest pictures I've ever seen. One example is the pin-point dimming, which has garnered a lot of criticsm and skeptisism. I have seen the production TV model live and I must tell you, I think it's better then local-dimming and I'll tell you why... Unless there is a new panel that is made to fix the local-dimming "halo affect", this is currently the only way to get outradgeous contrast levels without that problem. The pin-point dimming on this TV dramatically lowers the dark spots on the screen in certain area's without a halo affect and actually goes completely pitch black when watching movies with dark screens just like a local-dimming TV. I think this TV actually excels at the dimming part over a local-dimming TV because it creates supurb black levels without any halo affects. That's a huge deal for me. Next is the color accuracy of this panel, I think the whites and colors on this TV are probably better then I've ever seen. Sure Plasma's can sometimes have better color temperatures, but they will not pop out of the screen with ambience like this TV shows. This TV is sharp looking and beautiful and it displays wonderful 3D and High-definition like never before.Last, but not least... this tv is LOADED with features, easily making it one of the most feature rich TV's there is on the market. It's completely wireless, has 4-hdmi conenctions, has internet applications and streaming capabilities and best yet, it does it well! I have done a lot of research and have compared this TV with it's newest competitors and this one is it. Don't just take my word for it, go see it for yourselves and you'll just see what I am talking about.