I was reluctant at first at buying a Panasonic tv, since I've owned Samsung tvs.  The problem with Samsung at this time is that all their tvs in the 37-42 inch range were all 120 hz, and for 3D, that isn't optimal!  This tv is F-A-N-T-A-S-T-I-C and I'm very happy with my purchase!  This tv kept popping up on many reputable forums like avsforums.org and everyone there really had spectacular experiences with this PANASONIC. Came here and saw the posts on here and reaffirmed what I had read on other websites.  A tv with no input lag for gaming, a 3D TV with 240 hz in the aforementioned tv size, wireless connection to my network/internet.Simply put...THIS TV DOES IT ALL!!!Now there are some slight issues with the LED-LCD technology, like "flashlighting" which most of these tv's suffer from.  Finding settings on the aforementioned website in which people have the tv calibrated and shared the settings, made the tv (which out of the box was beautiful), minimizes the flashlighting issues.I've had this tv for 2 weeks now, and have experienced the 3D using the PlayStation 3 watching an old James Bond movie (View To A Kill) with the 2D to 3D conversion, it made the movie watching experience exciting.  Amazing detail from this tv!  I don't own any 3D titles yet but my gosh, can only imagine how that will look!I echo the sentiments of another customer, "ZERO", who posted on here in terms of gaming.  No input lag at all! I'm approaching 40 and enjoy my videogaming. I play PS3 as well as Xbox360 games and I seem to do better when I play on this Panasonic than when I play on the bigger DLP TV.  My friends even joke and know when I'm on this tv or my older one when end of game stats appear.The apps that come with the Vieracast, are your typical ones: Netflix, Accuweather, Pandora, FoxNews, MLBTV.com etc. and also have some mini games to play.  Best part is (which I discovered by mistake) is you can have the 8 apps open and in the center square, can have your tv/game or whatever you were watching on the active input, so you don't miss out on anything while messing around with the apps.The tv comes with a USB wireless dongle but also has an ethernet port.  I'm running wireless and when the tv was first turned on, it instantly recognized my router/network and within 25 seconds was online.The 3D glasses included are comfortable and I have no issues with them.The one thing I have not tried is connecting a computer, but I will be doing that soon with the purchaseof the recently released Mac Mini!!!  Will update once I've connected the computer to the tv.With all the options and technology, this TV is a steal, especially at the price Amazon has it for.