I bought this TV about 3 months ago.  I waited to write a review after putting it through a fairly extensive test period.This TV is nothing less than outstanding.  The picture is gorgeous.  The set looks humongous since it replaced a 26 inch LCD.  It is a little heavier than I'd prefer, but having a swivel base surely helps.  The default picture setting is set to "sports", which has a very bright and unnatural color scheme.  After playing with the regular setting choices, I found the "document" setting to be the best for my eyes.  This set has many input choices, and I like the fact that it has a set of AV inputs on the side.  This is very useful if you mount the TV to a wall, or it's hard to get to the back for any reason.Hooked up to my standard cable connection, it picks up all the unscrambled digital channels.  This means I am able to watch my local broadcast channels in their full HD glory!Our XBox 360 is connected through HDMI, and games as well as movies are truly breathtaking.  Because of the size of this TV, I came to realize that not all DVDs are made equal.  The difference between poor quality DVDs and the "near HD" quality ones is suddenly quite obvious.  I'm still going to wait to get a blueray (or whatever the next HD standard) disk player when they cost less than $100.  Until then, I'll be very discriminating when purchasing DVDs.I like the power saving feature in this TV, even though some reviewers find it annoying.  It causes the TV to take a few seconds before it powers up.  This delay also allows for the other AV components to turn on and get ready for the party.  ;-)If I have to pick something to complain about it would be the remote.  Sure it has all the functions, etc, but it performs poorly.  I find myself having to press a button several times to get it to register.  Perhaps it's a problem with the batteries.  Nevertheless, I am using a Harmony 880 remote instead, and it works fantastic.  No problem.I hope this TV is good for many years of moderate use.  Time will tell.  For now, I am a very happy camper (now bordering into couch potato territory).