First and foremost, I am a techie.  I'm very meticulous about what I buy and based on reviews, forum readings, open issues, etc.  This TV is great and for it's price it is absolutely awesome.  There are 2 things that I had trouble with.  First issue is the soap opera effect.  This is just a setting that can be turned off by going to Game Mode and toggling it ON then OFF.  Simple.  Samsung might have screwed up somewhere and left it ON all the time.  You have to do this toggling for each TV input.  I have done all the Samsung updates and everything is so far perfect and unaffected.  The second issue is the Standard picture setting.  I think it's a little too dark for the room.  Compare it to dynamic mode (which is how I watch some sports games when I care).  You can look through the TV forums and find an optimal setting for the TV and you will be happy.  There are some items in the menu that don't seem to affect the picture very much.  I guess this is OK since I love how the picture is already.  The contrast ratio is solid.  The video when watching high speed stuff like racing and other sports is fabulous.  The speakers are fairly weak, but is OK for regular viewing.  When I'm watching games or movies, I wouldn't want them without turning on my surround sound receiver.I like how the free samsung BD player interacts with the TV.  Very convenient.  Turn the DVD player on and the TV is set automatically to optimal settings for the movie.  3D is great, however, I notice a glitchiness with the glasses.  I think they placed the transmitter on the TV in a awkward place but this doesn't affect me much.  Is it worth getting a 3D TV?  WHY NOT FOR THIS PRICE?Just letting you know, I bought this TV in July/August timeframe and you couldn't beat the deal.  I stayed away from LED-LCD TVs because I wasn't planning on putting up the TV on a wall.  I could have gotten a rear projection, but that's just plain silly.  I have an amazing entertainment center which fits my speakers and this TV.  I sit approximately 15 feet away from my TV and it's just the right size at 63".