I purchased this tv after owning a Toshiba 46 inch DLP for almost 7 years.The picture quality of the DLP was excellent; it had a very "theater like", somewhat grainy presentation that everyone enjoyed.It's killer problem, of course, was the lamp.  They kept blowing, at $150 apiece, every year or two.  I got very frustrated with that, and so did most manufacturers, who stopped making them.But as I say, great 720p experience.So I thought I would get away from all that and go to a more mainstream, updated LCD experience with the LED Samsung.I read about "motion blur" and so went for the 240hz refresh rate, which videos said really corrected the problem.But upon watching the tv, I experienced something I had not to that point read about, "Soap Opera Effect".  It involves a technical discussion that I won't get into, but the result is that many programs and movies look as though they were shot with a camcorder or that the viewer is watching video tape, hence the "soap opera".Everyone in my family noticed it.  So I went back online and read what others had to say about this issue. To shapen the picture and reduce motion blur, the tv comes from the factory with a default setting called "auto motion plus 240Z" enabled. This setting is what people say causes the soap opera effect.The "fix" for the wierd viewing this causes is to turn that function completely off.Well, not so great to have to disable a feature that supposedly made this tv a more worthy LCD.  Then, if you watch a football game or "certain movies", you will need to reenable the setting to avoid blur.  Great.I guess I didn't do enough research.  I trusted that a brand like Samsung would have technical stuff together.  Had I known about this, I probably would have gone for plasma instead, which doesn't have this inherent problem.  I stayed away from plasma because of its old burn in issues (which have mostly been solved) and because of reports of gradual fading of the picture.But that may have been a bad decision on my part.  It is difficult to find a DLP below 60 inches these days.  DLPs have solved the lamp problems by going to LED also, and DLP is a great picture, so I sort of wish I could go back to that.Before I turned off "auto motion" my wife wanted to return the tv, but this is not easy since we bought it through Amazon instead of the local Best Buy.  I will update my experience at a later date, as we have only had the set for about a week.Anyway, this was/is a very expensive LCD/LED TV to have to watch programs rendered "soap opera" like.  So I am a bit disappointed.  This problem must apply to most if not all LCD technology, so lesson learned (too late)