Have had the set for a month now and I still can't get used to the quality of the picture. No buzz on the sound.  The picture is so clear that it sometimes seems it is in 3d even with the 3d turned off. The 3d is fantastic.  Avatar is even better than in the theater. (Yes I had to have Avatar so I ordered the smaller Panasonic)  I love both the tv sets. The sound quality is not the greatest but next on my list is speaker systems.  Just have to find out which ones to purchase and how to set it up. Haven't tried the internet yet but thinking of Netflix. Researched a long time before this purchase. Never even considered the LCD 3d. Owned a Panasonic plasma tv already and all reviews said Plasma was the best. I would recommend this tv set to anyone wanting high quality for a low price. You can't go wrong.UPDATE:  Have had the set for one year and one month.  Now the set flashes. The picture quality is still breathtaking. BUT, the screen flashes. Sudden blackness occurs for about a second an then the picture returns. Sometimes a multicolor zigzag will appear and then the picture returns. For what I paid for this tv I would expect that it would last longer than this. I don't know if the set is going out but it is very annoying to have the picture suddenly disappear when you are engrossed in a story. Sometimes it occurs every minute or so, sometimes only once in an hour.  Anytime is TOO much. Does anyone else have this problem?  If so what are you doing about it.  I don't want to give up the tv. I have seen no other that compares.  I have a Square Trade warrenty and am considering using it. Tv is my only form of recreation. Thanks in advance for any input on this problem.New Update:  Well contacted Samsung about the problem and was told different things to try. Removed receiver (not the problem) Removed one hdmi cable (not the problem) Removed second hdmi cable (that was the problem) The second hdmi cable which I paid a lot for was defective.  The first hdmi cable that I paid $10.00 for worked perfectly. Switched the second cable for another ten dollar cable and the set worked perfectly.  I watched tv for 5 hours with no flash.  Hope this has solved my problem.  Will put an update if not. Just to let everyone know about this tv.  I hate buying something this expensive and having nothing to base the purchase on. By the way this tv keeps going up in price instead of down.  I can see why.  The picture is fantastic.