I will do the best I can regarding an accurate review from my standpoint. Naturally, it is just my opinion. This TV is excellent! When looking at TV's I considered many different things.Type: LCD? Plasma? DLP?  LCD has come a long way. Even though blacks are a little richer in the plasma's I wanted to go with LCD as they look good enough to me. There are plenty of sites to give pros and cons of all 3 types.Size: 40"? 46?"  Thought about the 40" but I know I would always say to myself "I should have gotten the larger size". I'm glad I got the 46"...incredible.Hertz: 60hz or 120hz?  If you plan to watch any sports like NASCAR or Football, etc the 120hz will help provide a clearer picture while things move fast. This TV with the 120hz takes care of that and watching my NASCAR races looks great.Quick FYI comparing the 650 to 550, 750, 850:  550 has slower response times, lower contrast ratios, 60hz, less features, etc. With the constant dropping in price for the 650...these things were enough for me to not consider this TV for long.  750 has some memory built in, DLNA compalability for networking, pre-loaded content like recipes, a NON swiveling base, different outer bezel, a slightly better/faster chip (not enough to notice-same response time as the 650) and a subwoofer. Considering I have no intent to use my PC in anyway with my TV, have a surround sound system and don't need un-wanted recipes I did not care much to get this TV. I read too much about the Halo effect or slight reflection into the bezel which is unacceptable as far as I am concerned.  850 is pretty much the same as the 750...just much thinner and more expensive w/out bezel issue.Other things to note:1)The touch of red is nice. After looking at the TV for a while you don't even really notice it. But it adds a bit of class I think to the TV.2) GLARE IS NOT AN ISSUE. Like others have said, the picture is so vibrant it projects just fine and over powers any in coming light. Please don't let this be a deterrent from purchasing this. The 630 model has a matte finish but I just think the 650 looks better.3) InfoLink is nice. Quick reference for your local weather.4) Make the leap to HD if you haven't already. It looks great and makes all the difference. Regular broadcasts or decent but nothing compareed to HD. Blue Ray also looks incredible. Recommend both.I had a Sony 27" Vega. It was time for an upgrade. I'll never regret it.