This was my first major purchase from Amazon, and I could not be more delighted.I did a lot of research before I bought. After doing some homework and seeing the reviews of others here on Amazon and other sites, I made my choice. I waited for about 2 months before I wrote my review, just to make sure I was not going to mislead anybody. With that said, I knew I had made the right decision when my wife and I were sitting in front of it and she says, "I don't like it. Everything seems so big." We do sit about 10 feet away from the TV, but I agree with some other people who recommend you sit a little closer to the set, so that you can see all the details, especially with 1080P. Delivery was fast and professional. They open the box up to insure that there was no damage. I did not start watching the TV right away as that I wanted to do a proper break-in.(Highly recommend this, better safe than sorry...) I used a SD card of various pictures with the tv set at 50% of all picture settings and in "Just" mode. I let it run 24/7 for 4 and 1/2 days. Then the fun began. I hooked it up to my home theater and was blown away. The picture is great! I played around with various settings before I determined that the THX mode was the best. (This was also after using some custom settings found on other web sights.)I have had no issues with floating black levels to date. I purchased my unit with a free AVATAR 3D movie and 2 pairs of glasses. Could not use the movie as it does not seem to play in my PS3. But I have used the glasses with my Xbox360 and Call Of Duty: Black Ops. Have to say, I was pretty impressed. Mind you, it is not as good as you would see in a theater, but I found it pretty sweet none the less. Sound is not that great out of the TV speakers. I highly recommand a home theater set up. Make sure that you have an optical cable if you are planning to use apps like Pandora in a home theater set-up.Internet set up was a breeze with the included WiFi dongle. Don't know how much I will use it, but still a nice feature. Hope they will put out some nice updates. Bottom line is for the money and the quality of this plasma, you could do a lot worse, and not a whole lot better than this unit. Glad I made the right choice, and I hope this helps those considering. Thanks to Amazon for making this such a great deal.