I held off buying a hi def TV for two reasons:1. They were stupid expensive2. None of them had a consistently great imageAround Christmas time 2007 price issue seemed to go away and with features like 120hz panels and image smoothing using frame interpolation it seemed like the image quality was getting better (consistently).This set seemed like a perfect balance of price and features. The image has been fantastic, it really looks great...as long as the signal from the cable company isn't too compressed. The styling on the outside of the set is also very nice. I especially like the glowing blue power button that turn the TV on/off with a gently stroke of the hand.My main disappointment with this set had been the performance of the Auto Motion Plus. When it is working it looks great. The problem is that I can't really keep AMP turned on. When the AMP is on you often times get this very distracting slow motion effect. It is so distracting you can't watch a show with this feature on. It is a little annoying to have to keep turned off the key feature of the set. I've spoken to Samsung CSRs, they have assured me a fix is on the way. They're not sure if it's a firmware fix or a hardware + firmware fix, but they have promised me a fix is coming.If I can get the AMP to work on this set I would give this TV 5 stars. Other people have complained about the Triple Ball Effect. I honestly didn't notice that too much, but I think it was because I was so offput by the slow-mo, or stutter effect of the AMP.I think one thing to keep in mind is that all HD TVs have some sort of issue/flaw. If you go in with that expectation this is a fine set to own. I'm just glad flawed HD sets no longer cost 15k :-).I use this TV withTiVo TCD652160 HD Digital Video RecorderandOnkyo TX-SR605 7.1 Channel Home Theater Receiver (Black)with these speakersONKYO SKS-HT240 Home Theater Speaker Kitsome time soon I will replace my old Samsung 1080i upconverting DVD player with thisPlaystation 3 40GBOne more note: my couch is about 7 ft from the TV and 40" is plenty big.