This is a pretty easy TV to review... Put simply, when people daydream about the perfect TV this is just about it... It is obviously the product of many, many years of technology and experience coming together to form an absolutely amazing product... It is as much a sight to behold as it is a TV to watch and you will fall in love with it very quickly... I've had mine for 2 weeks now and I still can't stop marveling at the picture quality or smiling ear to ear while I do...On the downside there is only Panasonic and the included paperwork... I tried to buy one of the Panasonic 3D Home Theater systems to go with it but the system (BTT350) was a click or two above being just junk... In all it is a bit confusing as to the ARC hook up as well as some other areas but these are minor inconveniences when weighing all things equally... Just don't waste your time thinking the Panasonic Home Theaters share common ground with this TV... The difference between them is about as different as shooting a bullet and throwing a bullet...NOTE: An additional note on the SC-BTT350 (and 750 I'd guess) is that Panasonic reports the rear speakers as being "wireless ready" but they are not... I wish I could say it is some misprint or accident but the FACT is that I had to drag the truth from them over the course of almost 2 weeks and several emails and when I finally did and called them to the carpet on it they pretended to be as confused about it as they were from the onset... It is sad to see collective lying like that because I am sure each individual has enough dignity to, at the very least, see the rest of the text in the same continuous email... They nevertheless, acted as if they did not so they will not be correcting their error and from where I come from, that is pure and simple lying... At any rate, if you read thru the available info your see they say the speakers can be made wireless with the addition of a Panasonic wireless LAN (DY-WL10 only!)... What they don't say is that you also need the SH-FX71... Between the two, your are into it for over $150 more and for that much you could have bought any wireless system available so it can hardly be called "wireless rear ready"...