First off, this is an incredible television.  I have never seen such picture clarity.  Plenty of inputs, I actually like the touch of red color, basically I have NEVER seen a better looking television.Now, for my complaints.... (please note these are not about the tv, more my set up and situation)1:  With the wall mount I bought, Sanus Systems VMAA26B Universal Articulating Mount with Extended Reach, it covers my component inputs.  This really sucks for my Wii, but I can just swap back to the AV cable.  I didn't knock off anything for this item, but I will on my mount review.  Don't say it's compatible if you're going to lose functionality.Well I guess that wasn't "complaints" really.  And again, this is a GREAT  television.  I would tell anyone looking to consider it.Update 2011Tv had worked great until around May 2011.  Then it started the dreaded "clicking" problem and wouldn't immediately power on.  Around August it wouldn't stay powered on after the clicking spells.  I went on Samsungs website for support, and it was out of warranty, no luck.  Read some reviews and saw this is a VERY common problem and that many folks were having their sets repaired free of charge by Samsung.  Well I decided to go to the online chat for support on their website, let them know that it was the same symptoms as the 1000s of capacitor complaints I've read online, but again I was told that my warranty was expired and I was out of luck.  I was very frustrated with the lack of support, but didn't give up.  10 minutes after the online chat runaround, I called their customer support and fibbed.  I told them I had a repairman look at my TV and he said it was a capacitor problem.  He said before before he charged me I should call Samsung b/c they were covering the repair charge.  The customer service rep confirmed that if my tv was within a range of models, they would do a one time replacement of the capacitors for free.  Sure enough, this model qualified, and in 2 weeks a service tech showed up at my door and was in and out in less than an hour.  Now my tv is working like new.  Frustrating that even though my product was registered and this is a VERY VERY common issue that I didn't get an email or something giving me steps.  Even more frustrating that online chat rep didn't help more, but I can't complain about free repair work.