I bought this TV (40" 4026) with low expectations AFTER reading the reviews, but loved the $299 price point for a 3rd TV for the bedroom.  I own 2 Panasonic Viera Plasma's ('07 50" and '11 60"), so I know what an HDTV should look like. I even asked myself "How bad could it really be?". I now have my answer, bad.What I liked:Price ($299 when purchased, $465 at time of review, sooo...).  Picture is nice in bright scenes. Light, thin and easy to mount.  Plenty of connection options.Here are my 2 major issues that are grounds for returning:Flashlight Effect: If the ambient light is bright, it is hard to notice, but can still see light bleeding in from the four corners in dark scenes.  When the ambient room light is dark (how we mostly watch it), it becomes noticable in most scenes and truly obnoxious in dark scenes.  It's not just the four corners, but light blotches all over the outer portions of the top and bottom of the screen.  I tried ALL different settings, nothing worked.  Would have thought the product was simply defective had I not read other reviews.Screen Dimming:  Every time you turn off the TV, it resets itself to an "Energy Saving" mode. When you turn the TV back on, you have to cycle through the screen modes until you notice the brightness return, and then set the TV to which mode you want (cinema, vivid, custom etc.).  I use a universal remote, which compounds the annoyance factor.  I called Coby USA, and the rep said "that's just how the TV works"...really?Minor Issues:Nobody has pointed this out, and I didn't notice a problem with the refresh rate, but the title and product comparison chart says "120Hz", yet the product description and actual refresh rate is 60Hz.  False advertising?Sound is sub-par, but hooked it up to a sound bar.  Connections don't seem sturdy.  I connected a RCA coax for the audio out and and Apple 30pin to component setup and I felt like the female connectors were going to cave into the frame.  Luckily, both were planned as a one-time connection.  Power cord is REALLY short, about 4ft.