I love this TV! I own two 50", and one 42"...I was trying to order another 42". What I absolutely HATE is this company. Amazon claims there's a glitch in their system which won't allow me to leave feedback for this company, so this is my only means of doing so. Here's the story:First, understand that my wife and I have been Amazon customers for over 2 years.After 15 days of waiting, 9 phone calls to LCDMART, and 3 phone calls to Amazon, I finally cancelled the order for my plasma screen through Amazon.The SAME day I cancelled the order, I FINALLY received a call from LCDMART and the representative told me that I'd receive my TV within 3 business days, and that he was emailing me a tracking number. He claimed that Amazon takes 10 business days to submit orders to his company...from experience, I find that very hard to believe. I waited until the following day, and not having received my tracking number, I called yet again, and was told by John at LCDMART that he was emailing me a tracking number immediately. I did not receive it, so I called YET AGAIN, and was told that I would not receive a tracking number until the following day. I asked "How can I receive the TV by tomorrow if you don't have a tracking number today?" I then asked when I would receive the TV. I was told, "I don't know."I asked to cancel my order, and the representative for LCDMART said, "No. I can't cancel your order." I repeat, he said, "NO!"After a few choice words, and my persistent demand that my order be cancelled, he put me on hold, then told me my order was cancelled.This company is doing Amazon a great disservice, and is damaging its reputation. LCDMART did not return a single phone message, or email inquiry.I'm sure LCDMART will find some reason to make me look like an unreasonable customer, but read the reviews...I'm not the first to experience this, and this "feedback bug" appears to have been in effect since 5/2007, so NO feedback, negative or positive, has been submitted to this company since then.Buy the product, you'll be happy. Just don't use LCDMART.