We got this TV about 6 months ago as a replacement to our 6 year old SONY big screen TV (It was state of the art at that time). We were debating for a while whether to get a Plasma or LCD, but after doing a lot of research and reading on line reviews we decided to get a LCD tv and narrowed our choice to the Samsung LED. WOW, what a difference between our old Sony and this, it is mind blowing. the picture is so crisp and clear and looks beautiful. we did not even tweak the controls, just out of the box, it is  good enough for us. However there are a couple of issues I am not happy with.1. the sound is pretty atrocious. It sounds very tinny and the volume is very low. Even at full volume level, some times we can hardly hear. Also, the sound itself is not very clear. Since we invested so much money into the TV, we decided to get a surround system. So we got the Samsung surround system with amplifier and 5 speakers. I am not a techie so it took me a day or so to figure out the connections and adjust the amplifier and finally the set up worked well. The Samsung amplifier is not that great compared to some others like Yamaha but is quite acceptable.2. It would have been nice if it has one more component inputs because we have a DVD player that has component output and a VCR that has only A/V output. So we cannot connect both of them to the TV at the same time, and we have to fiddle with the connections when we want to switch between them. After a while we got tired of this and got a Samsung blu-ray player, and that is working beautifully because it has the internet connection also and we can watch the instant movies from Netflix. I must say that this inconvenience of not having enough component inputs is not going to an issue couple of years from now because all the devices that have been made in the recent years have HDMI input but this is the transition period and still many people have the DVD, VCR, and game consoles that do not have HDMI outputs. But like we did, an amplifier system would solve these problems.If it is not for the above 2 issues, I would have given this TV 5 star rating. It still deserves 4 1/2 stars. The bottom line is - we are very happy with this set and highly recommend. But this is a 2009 model and I am not sure how the 2010 models compare with this one.