I bought the Sam's Club Version (S4233) Manufactured August 2006, same as this TV in every way Except mine has a cool looking stand. The legs "swing and lock" into place in the Sam's version. I didnt like the dome shape stand on the retail version (S4253).Anyway, let's get down to the performance. I install Plasmas all the time. I install the Mitsubishi Diamond, and Medallion series plasmas (1080P), I have also installed the High end JVC 1080P LCD's too. And all kinds of in between brands. After coming home and looking at my $200 sear's APEX CRT tv, I thought it was time to take the plunge into HDTV. EXCEPT I am not going to pay $5000+ for a TV. Not even $4000. SO I started the tedious process of looking for a HDTV.If you are reading this then you are probably on the hunt for an HDTV. Let me tell you right up front, you have probably seen the best Plasma TV locally (or at a friends) already and no amount of homework, forum trolling is going to make the decision easier.  If you buy a Plasma made in 2006, they are all virtually equal in comparison. I am talking of major brand names, not generic off-name brands like visio, Ilo, etc etc.I cannot tell a difference between this Tv and the $5750 50" Mitsubishi Plasma I just installed last week. Here is an important note: It all comes down to signal quality. Get yourself a good Updated cable set top box with HDMI out. Now get yourself the OPPO DVD player (here at Amazon of course) and you have yourself an HDTV experience waiting for you!!The price is 25% less than what I paid now at Amazon, so add it to your cart. DO not let the price make you think there is something wrong with this TV Just because it doesnt cost $2000-$5000. There is a real price war going on, and Samsung is going to come out on top.This TV has all the hookups you need: 2HDMI, 3Component, plenty plenty. The Tv makes no buzzing sound. It has no hangups at all. The DNIE feature is cool, it makes the image even better. And now a word about standard definition: I kept hearing about standard def tv not looking good on some HDTV's. This one is amazing on SDTV!! The kids were amzed at Spongebob, and my wife loves to watch her Lifetime channel in SD now. I wish I could have saved the money, but thats how it goes. Any TV you buy is going to drop in price Very SOON after you plug it in, so go ahead and get over it now.ESPN in High definition is awesome!!! Oh by the way, get a decent Over the air antenna and you will be surprised at the amount of free tv stations that are passing right over your house!!!I would buy this TV again in a heartbeat.