I want to say first off that I also experienced the bug where the TV unexpectedly turns itself off, but after I installed the firmware upgrade that Samsung posted on 4/5 the problem has gone away.I agree with the other reviewers that the picture is AMAZING. I am also happy to see that Samsung has added a 4th HDMI port. I was initially concerned that the "Touch Of Color" might clash with my decor, but it is very subtle especially if you mount the TV inside a cabinet. The "Infolink" feature is cute and easy to set up, but I don't see it as being extremely useful.Now for some caveats. I purchased this TV right after setting up an LNT4661F for my inlaws, and I was quite surprised to realize that the A650 is missing several features from the 4661F, despite the A650 costing  $650 more. For starters, the A650 does not have a rear S-video port (only one S-vide port on the side). This is probably not a big deal for most people, but if you are using a VCR or older cable box, etc. you will have a cable plugged into the side of the TV. Also there is only one composite port on the back of the TV, plus one more on the side. If you want to switch between three composite input surveillance cams, etc. you're out of luck. More of a concern to me was that the A650 has only 1 antenna input versus 2 on the 4661F. That means with the A650 you can't plug in both an antenna and a cable input. I guess Samsung figures everyone is using a set top box so they cut corners there.By far my biggest complaint is with the Remote control. Again unlike the 4661F, the A650 does NOT have a universal remote! It's essentially a TV-only remote, although it CAN control Samsung "Anynet+" components connected via HDMI. This seems like a big step backwards and bothers me more than the other features that were removed. Also the remote is not described on the Samsung website so I had no way of knowing that the remote had been "de-improved". I agree with other reviewers that the navigation wheel is horrible ... it spins freely which makes it practically useless ... you spin the dial to make your selection, then as you move your finger to press the enter button inside the scroll wheel, the wheel moves and you select the wrong value. You have to wonder "what were they thinking?". I've seen Happy Meal toys with better tactile feedback!Despite my criticisms and annoyance that some features have been removed, I still rated this TV as 5 stars because in my book, picture quality is by far the biggest consideration and it looks great to me. Also the aesthetics are very nice and the new features such as 4th HDMI and Infolink make up for the removed features and poor remote control.