So, there's a lot of other reviews on here for this TV that are quite extensive.  So, I won't repeat what they stated about the specifications on it, I'll just give my insight on it from one month of ownership.  To begin with, I was looking for a TV in the 40" range, as that's what my space can accomodate.  This size constraint, plus the fact that I'd be playing an XBOX 360 on it, kind of ruled out plasma for me.  I read the reviews on CNET, Consumers' Reports, etc. and started narrowing down my choice to either Sony or Samsung [which is essentially the same, since Samsung makes a lot of the glass/pannels for Sony].  I saw overall that the Sony's were much more expensive for not much better picture.  It ultimately came down to which Samsung.  I started out looking at the LNT-4065 [which I really liked], but then when the -71 and -81 series came out, I liked those a lot better.  I chose the 4071 over the 4081 mainly due to price and the fact that the off-angle viewing was better on the 4071 than the 4081.  Now for my take on the TV after one month.  There's been a lot of discussions back and forth about Samsung going with a shiny finish on the screens versus the matte finish.  I've found that I have no problems with reflection off the screen as long as I'm on a different plane [level] than the light is.  I do find that the light reflects off the bezel around the screen no matter where I sit.  When I do get relection off the screen, it's no worse than my old CRT TV with a glass screen.  As for the 120Hz, it only makes a subtle difference, mostly on the moving "tickers" on the bottom of the screen when watching certain shows.  The TV is able to pull off-air HD very well.  I don't have an upconverting DVD player, but the TV itself does an excellent job of upconverting 480p on its own.  Haven't tried the PC input.  The TV does a better job than most displaying standard 480i cable shows.  Didn't see any real problem with off-angle viewing [it VERY subtle compared to cheaper brands].  I must repeat that this TV has ample inputs, which was a strong selling point for me.  Also, Amazon's delivery service [I think it's called Eagle] was excellent and they delivered the TV on time and took away the packaging.  Also, at the time of my purchase, the 4071 was $500 cheaper than either Best Buy or Circuit City or Sears.  Overall I'm extremely happy with my set and I would buy one again.