I have been researching 3D HDTV's since December 2010. I focused on the CNET evaluations and rankings of the top two manufacturers and the top 4 HDTV.  I also read the feedback comments from others who have purchased similar units.  I have no special expertise in electronics and I am a usual JOE who sits back to watch the NEWS and a movie from time to time.  I wanted a unit that was affordable for me and I was willing to step down from the top units in order to be able to afford a 3D HDTV.When the TC-P50GT30 came with the glasses bundled I purchased the unit.  I was aware of the limitations others had experienced and reported.  For the most part, I have always taken these evaluations as personal feedback. You should also take this as MY personal evaluation of the 50GT30.PRO:  Excellent picture...I use Directv and am in awe of the clear crisp picture.  Vivid colors.....I did make some minor adjustments to suit me and my taste.  3D.....Watched Avatar (came free with bundle)in 3D and was completely satisfied with the 3D presentation. The glasses were  comfortable and worked as described.  I also accessed 3D on my Directv channel and the picture was as if watching a Blu-Ray 3D  movie.  Blacks...When first turned on there was some "twinkling Stars" effect until it had played a few hours and now not present  For  me the blacks are a very vivid black.  I see no "graying" as described by others.  Sound....I have my unit attached to a Sony receiver and a home theater system and only used the unit speakers briefly so  have no comment.  Heat radiation....As compared to my prior Samsung 46" LED the unit is not significantly hotter.Cons: Power Consumption....OK. I knew that plasma TV's sucked up more current but I bought it anyway.  So who's fault is that?  DELIVERY....If I had a complaint the shipping (although free) would be it. The unit was delivered late and I had to research  who the shipper was and how to contact them. Amazon was good in tracking but the shipper was slow.Summery:  I got what I wanted and am completely satisfied.I will do any follow ups if needed.