This is a fabulous TV.  I spent over a year trying to decide which one to buy, and used the reviews of Amazon customers to make my decision. This TV is everything it is touted to be. It has a great picture, easy set-up, and I don't have any problems with the remote. The slight touch of red on the bezel actually compliments the sofa, but if you have something different, I don't think it would make a difference.  There are plenty of inputs for DVD, game stations, etc., and they are easy to reach. I only have 2 things to comment on regarding this purchase.  One is minor, but the 2nd is a great warning to others.The minor one.  I purchased a smaller Samsung earlier with the free "White Glove Delivery".  I received it a little late in the afternoon, but the delivery person was kind, and set it up, programmed it to make sure it would work properly, gave instructions, and removed the box.  This time, the person removed the TV from the box, and assisted boyfriend to put it up and plug it in.  However, he gave no assistance for programming, and told us we needed to keep the box for 30 days.  It is not a big deal, and since I didn't pay extra for delivery, I can't really complain.  They did deliver ahead of schedule, but if you have used this service before, it is dependent on the delivery person.  My 2nd thing is the most important thing for anyone who is purchasing a LCD TV and planning on changing from the stand to a mount.  Because of the configuration, we needed to remove the stand and attach the TV to an articulating wall mount.  (There is a fabulous one available on Amazon for only $154.90 - much less than everyone else)  After completing the construction needed, everything went well, until the mount needed to be attached to the TV.  MAKE SURE, WHEN YOU ATTACH A MOUNT TO THE TV, YOU LAY IT ON A SOFT SURFACE.  Boyfriend laid it on a clean glass coffee table, but it put a small (and I mean really small) nick in the screen, which has ruined the TV.  It is frustrating, of course not covered by warranty, and when we talked to the local repair people, they told us that we were looking at $1400.00 to fix it.  Simply not worth it.So, if you are looking for a fabulous 46" LCD TV, I totally recommend this product.  I have grown to love Samsung products, and this one won't disappoint you.  Just don't make the same mistake I did, and have to buy it again.  Take care if you decide to change it from the stand to a mount - the screen is everything.  But you will not be sorry with this purchase, and, luckily, it is even cheaper right now to buy it from Amazon.