I've owned plasma TV's for two years now.  My latest plasma, the Pioneer 5070, has just about the best pictures available in the industry.  I recently picked up the Samsung LN-S3251D for my living room and can honestly say that its picture rivals that of my cherished Pioneer.Pros:* This set has discrete IR codes for all its available input sources; perfect for a universal remote control (they are in the Harmony remote database).* Excellent picture quality (black levels, contrast).  Some reviewers had me worried about DNIe mode artifacts but they are NOT noticeable to me and I am very picky.* Sound quality is good for internal speakers. If you want bass, use a home stereo system (this is the case with any set however).  Turning on "surround" mode makes vocals slightly muffled; I tend to leave it off and the sound is very clear.* This set maintains different picture modes for each input (ie. Standard, movie, etc).Possible Cons (at least for some other users):* No QAM tuner. Not a deal breaker for me because I have an HD DVR.  You can use the ATSC tuner with a mini HD antenna to pick up all your local HD broadcasts if you need to.* The supplied remote is very directional; that is, you need to aim it directly at the TV - a few degrees off center and no luck.  I do NOT have this issue when using my Harmony 880 with this set.* No non-linear 16:9 stretch mode.  Some sets have a mode where 4:3 contents is stretched to fit the full 16:9 screen by stretching the edges more than the center where you usually direct your attention.  I, however, usually find this mode distracting because I perceive it like looking through a fish bowl.  So, if you're like me and just get used to and like everything stretched linearly then this won't be an issue for you.FYI's:* Supported aspect ratios are "16:9", "4:3", "Zoom 1" and "Zoom 2".  If you are using HDMI/DVI, are set to "16:9", and are displaying 4:3 content, this set WILL NOT stretch the 4:3 content to fill the screen.  You must rely on your player or Set-top box to do this for you.  However, when using any other source (S-video, Component, Composite, etc) in "16:9" to display 4:3, the picture WILL be stretched to fill the screen.  I don't use "Zoom 1" or "Zoom 2".* Power Saving mode is best set to "Medium" as other users have mentioned.* Register with Samsung within 10 days of purchase and get an extra three months added to your warranty period.Amazon pricing and shipping was excellent as always.