I was looking for a TV for the bedroom that was similar to my Philips 42in LCD ($[...] at Costco) that has a built in ATSC tuner, which is supposedly the same as a HDTV tuner. (In addition to my regular cable channels, I get over 300 digital channels including radio stations with my 42in Philips...which is great because I love the KQED Life channel.) This Samsung model seemed to have what I was looking for. Good price, good quality, and most important an ATSC tuner. What actually made me choose the Samsung over the Philips 32PF7421D or the LG 32LC2D was that it had a PIP feature and I was able to find a price match on Amazon and got it for ~$[...] with tax. (It's on sale now for $1100)So, first, the Tuner doesn't work without an antenna. I suppose I can get an over-the-air antenna but the channels are limited in this area and KQED Life isn't one of the channels I'd be able to get [...] OR pay Comcast $[...]/month for the HD service and receiver, but that means having additional hardware to enjoy this TV. Which means, I could have been better off saving more money by getting an LCD monitor instead of an LCD TV because I can't even use the HDTV Tuner with my current configuration. (Now I'm comparing the Samsung to my 17" wide screen Sharp LCD TV Monitor I use as my computer monitor. It's just the same. It has a PIP feature, component slots and composite slots.) And unlike the Philips, which integrates the digital channels with the analog channels for continuous surfing, you'd have to switch between surfing the analog channels then to the antenna channels with an additional button.Second, the PIP. It doesn't work with analog signals (unless the PIP is the PC or a HDMI signal.) So, that means you can't watch two different shows at the same time. Even if you had a digital signal, you wouldn't be able to watch two different digital channels either. There goes enjoying more than one sports game on HD during the sports seasons! What a disappointment. It's mainly for HDMI signals with a digital channel or for the use of the PC connection and the TV.So, either the 42" Philips has a hidden antenna inside that's picking up all those extra channels or this Samsung is lacking. I'm returning this tomorrow and heading to Costco. Might just downgrade even further to a 32" Sceptre, but at least I'll save $[...] and will have my HD and digital channels without any additional hardware. And if I'm disappointed with that, at least I didn't spend $[...].Would I recommend this? No. BUT, if you don't mind a PIP feature that's not completely PIP or getting an antenna to receive limited over-the-air channels, or getting the HD service with an additional box to add to your collection of DVD player, VCR, XBox, DVR, and Receiver, go for it.