The first 4 weeks with this TV were fantastic, very similar experience to all of the positive reviews - we were more than happy with our purchase. That ended after 4 weeks, we had turned the TV on, went into the kitchen to make dinner, came back to a black screen. When we looked closely, we saw a spider like crack underneath the glass and the TV would not turn back on.  This was only the 7th time we turned on the unit.  Yes, it only worked the 1st 6 times. The TV had been sitting on the entertainment center we purchased it on Black Friday 2011, without being touched or moved. My husband and I are tried to work with Samsung, but with no luck.  They have lied and said they never received the pictures, even though we have a confirmation email from a Samsung Rep.  They told us it would take them 24 hours to review the pictures, 24 hours turned in to 48 hours, 48 hours turned in to 72 hours.  We have had to stay on top of Samsung.  They never return your call when they say they will.  They will tell you to watch for an email that never comes.  I forgot to memtion the rude staff.  There is NO working with the Samsung. I called them yesterday and was told that it had "physical damage" and not covered under warranty.  After disputing with them for hours they told me they would cover the panel, but I would have to cover the labor.  The Samsung rep said nothing would be done until I would agree to pay for the labor.  I was told there was NO WAY I could get another review.  I said I would pay and was informed I would get a call back.  I never got my call.  Today I got a call from a repair center that is over an hour from my house.  Once I said I would pay the $265 for the labor (For a tv only watch 6 times and less than 5 weeks old) they said they would get the part ordered.  More bad news....it will take 7 to 10 days for them to get the part.  Then there will be another wait to get on the repair list.  I may have my brand new TV repaired in ONE MONTH if I am lucky.  I will never purchase another Samsung product again.  The product is cheap and the service is horrible.  I am also planning on filing a complaint with the WV Attorney General's Office. Samsung PN51D550 51-Inch 1080p 600 Hz 3D Plasma HDTV (Black)