It took me months to chose the right tv and it seemed like this Tv looked great and the price was good. I recieved the Tv quickly and Ceva shipping was great, they set it up for me. Now when it comes to technology, I'm a critical guy, I know quality and I just gotta have the right quality when it comes to this. So why did I ship this tv back to amazon? I shipped it back because this LG tv is not good with motion. If you love videogames, movies and entertainment then this tv wont satisfy you. sometimes things look really good when there not moving fast and toy 3 looked awesome but once things get going, the blur was bothering me.The biggest thing that made me mad was the fact that I upgraded from a 32 inch Jvc old school crt tv. Now this old tv did not have any motion problems, I never complained about that tv, it's only problem was that it was old and heavy but it was a great tv. So going from 480I to 1080P that looked great but going from my Crt motion to this Lg motion was a mess. I don't like the true motion feature, it makes people look soap opera like and i don't want that affect on my movie unless the movie was made to look like that. Now if your a fan of that real type of look then you might be happy with this tv. It just didn't work for me. I hooked it up through hdmi, I used it for blu-ray and xbox 360 and it was just average.If the motion was smooth without the added soap opera effect then I would of been happy but it just didn't cut it. So I'm probably going to get a plasma nevause there motion is the best and the burn-in problems aren't too bad these days..plus I'll get a warranty so I'm not worried. I recommend spending a little more money and you'll be happy and also you can spend a little less and get a Vizio, I used to think that Vizio sucks but the motion on my friends 3 year old Vizio was better then my 2010 Lg hdtv..what the heck? I hope this helps someone, if your critical like me then you'll follow this advice. if not then this tv should be great for you.