Originally considered the Samsung LNT4061F 40" 1080p LCD HDTV because of the great price from Amazon.  Since I work near one of the big box electronic retailers, I stopped in to lurk around.  The Samsung 4069 was a good product, but when I saw the LNT4071 at 120Hz with high-motion HD demo content I decided I would not be happy with anything less.  I did not prefer the high-gloss screen of the '71, but then I stumbled upon the 4069 with a matte-finish screen and found my HDTV. Resigned to the higher cost of a 120Hz set, I was not willing to pay the big-box retail price so I became a bit deflated. I was very pleasantly surprised by the Amazon pricing, and no sales tax or shipping.  It made my decision to purchase the LNT4069FX from Amazon very easy with a minimum of buyers remorse.I have not done a color calibration as others have suggested as it seems good out of the box (I will fiddle with it later...too busy watching!).  Side-by-side comparisons with other brands solidified my decision towards the Samsung over anything else.  Performance with cable HD content (1080i) is variable as one could imagine, but very engaging especially with musical content and college basketball...Go Vandy!  I still see some movement artifacts (the trouble with having a superior HDTV coupled with a less than perfect interlaced content) but the 120Hz options help minimize.  I am currently using Pioneer DV-400V-K Multi-Format 1080p HDMI Upscaling DVD Player and I am very happy with DVD playback on the LNT4069FX--vivid and fast, great color.  The brief Blu-Ray demonstration I witnessed was impressive, so now for the decision:  Dedicated Blu-Ray player or PS3.The delivery of the product was more than satisfactory.  I received the order to my doorstop within a week. The shipping company was courteous and prompt in their coordination, and the delivery company treated my HDTV as if it were their own as they brought it into the house.Of one could imagine, I had some apprehension as to the entire experience of purchasing a major electronic device from Amazon.  Heck, I go through the same anxiety with such a large purchase no matter what!  I am glad I did my research--120Hz was perfect, liked matte screen over gloss, 40" was perfect for my room, price from Amazon was outstanding.  Shipping time was reasonable, delivery was no-hassle.  My experience has been overwhelmingly positive.