First up, this TV is gorgeous! The piano-black finish really enhances the picture and brings out the deep blacks in the high-contrast images.  The picture can't be beat (and I did a ton of comparison shopping -- in-store & online).  The TV is super-slim compared to the competitors - its awesome to look at even when it's "off".  Call me shallow, but I was concerned as to how the TV would look in my room & truth of the matter is that I couldn't be more pleased.  I feel like I bought a piece of art!Picture-detail and colors are amazing!  Vibrant, crystal-clear images -- high-tech/theater quality.  The menu is great too; its really user-friendly and allows a ton of options so that you can customize picture/sound settings to your meet your preferences.  It's simple to set-up, so no need to hire a pro.My only concern was the speakers; and I'm sad to say, they leave alot to be desired.  I had hoped the 2 "hidden" 5 watt speakers would be sufficient for my small room, but they proved to be inferior.  I hear a tinny quality and cannot discern any deapths between the tonal output.  I was so unhappy with the audio that I upgraded by purchasing samsung's mid-priced home theater-in-a-box (Q45).  After doing so, I have been very pleased & I'm really happy with that decision.  Also, make sure to realize that if the speakers were not internal and tucked into the bottom of the set, it would not look as sleek and stunning as it does.  The benefits of the 51D's sleek design outweighs all of these considerations!The "glare" factor you may have read about in other reviews, has NOT proved to be an issue for me.  Granted, the exterior looks 10x better with the lights turned "off", but even when they are on, I have not found this to be at all distracting (and I'm really picky about such details, before buying this set I was worried about the possibility of glare since I do alot of watching with my lights "on".  Just make sure you dust the set at least 1-2x/month -- not anything too drastic (make sure you buy the lcd cleaner at your local electronics store-- no windex, pledge, or water!)I can't imagine owning a different set.  I'm so happy with this purchase that I would recommend this set to everyone I know.  I don't think as many people would have as much as an issue with the speakers as I did.  My ears are super-sensitive and detect more than the average listener, so don't necessarily weigh my audio criteria against yours -- its a matter of priority (the rest of my family thinks they were great!)  My room is only 10' x 12' but if I had a larger room I would not hesitate to go with the 32" model.