Many folks are going for the samsung lcds because the blacks look blacker.but those tv's have a glass screen that reflects everything.  This tv is sharper than a xbr4 or xbr5 , those were last years models.  the engine in this tv is equivalent to a xbr6.  I replaced a great 50 inch sony sxrdtv with this one. Sony's newer 52's didn't have all the features of this one.  the s, v, and w's are fine tv's but they don't have deep color the new color standard that future discs will have.  Nor do they have x.v. color which is here already and is used in digital photos.  this one does.  the w does have 24fps or film speed that words with a ps3 or blu ray player to show a movie in it's real speed.  Of course this isn't a benefit for older dvd's as they are processed in a 2:3 rate anyways.  that means that one frame is dropped for every 3 shown.  but for blu ray this feature rocks.  And like ALL lcds standard non hd tv looks ok but they don't put standard tv on in showrooms. so people take these tv's home and expect it to look like HD content.  this is true for all lcds, plasmas , lcos , dlp's and the rest. But this tv  shines with hd content and blu ray.  However,  I will miss the extra four inches of screen. but this tv is in many ways future proof for a while.  the 120hz feature for motion and other features make it one of the best tv's made so far.  The toshiba 540 and 550 series are comparible but this tv is the clearest of the new tv's.  xbr 7's will come soon but they will be much more expensive. the jump in size from 46" to 52" is also a  substantial jump in price. So I can live with a 46" tv with this quality.  This tv took 2 days to get to denver. which is great! I picked it up myself as the box and tv are not too large and this means I don't have to hang around waiting for a delivery.  I would say that if you have a smaller tv 46' or less go down to ceva wharehouse and get it yourself.  This tv though with it's three key features: deep color, x.v. color and 24p or 24 frames per second film speed for blu ray only I would say make this tv in many ways future proof.  I knew when I bought the sxrd that new technology wasn't far off that technology is here on the sony z series and it's good enough on the sony to make the tv  a keeper for many , many years.