I read product reviews for at least 8 months before pulling the trigger.  I was trying to decide between the Panasonic VIERA TC-P65GT30 65" and the Samsung D7000/D8000 64" models.  All had good reviews.  I was a little nervous in choosing because I was reading about the fluctuating brightness issues with both brands.  I ultimately chose the Panasonic after reading they had fixed the problem with a firmware patch.I was upgrading from a Toshiba 720p/1080i 57" Cinema Series rear projection TV that I bought in 2005 (a 250lb monster). That was my second Cinema Series Toshiba, and first high def TV.  I was impressed at the time, but it did not have HDMI input (that was added the following year), and I was yearning to try out 1080p Blueray.  I chose the GT30 series because it adds THX mode that the ST30 did not have, and was much more affordable than the VT30.  It went on sale Thansksgiving weekend for $2320 with free shipping.  A good price.Delivery went smoothly, but they were HOURS late, and I was getting pissed off.  2 guys brought it into the house, and hooked it up to make sure it worked.  It did, after the guy figured out he installed the batteries backwards in the remote.  Sigh.I've had the TV now for about 3 weeks.  I set it to the THX mode, but made no other adjustments.  I have to admit that I am VERY impressed with the picture quality.  Especially with Blueray DVDs  The VIERA Connect tools work well for streaming Netflix and Pandora. Interestingly, the VIERA tools are much better than those on my newer DMP-BDT100 Panasonic blueray player.  The TV has much better controls and menu appearance than from the blueray player.And, I have had absolutely no problem with the fluctuating brightness that so many people have expressed concern with.  My unit was built in May 2011, and I immediately did a firmware upgrade when I first set it up.I cannot comment on the TV sound qaulity as I hooked it up to my home theatre system, which I purchased right before the TV - Denon 1912 receiver with Martin Logan 5.1 speakers (two Motion 12 fronts, two Motion 4 rear surround, Motion C center & Dynamo 700 subwoofer).  I can HIGHLY recommend that sound system by the way.I would purhase this TV again without hesitation.Now, I just need to find a good universal remote...it's getting old using 4 remotes for the system.  Oh, and I still have to figure out how to get rid of a 250lb TV.