Received the Samsung PN58C7000 via Pilot shipping through Amazon.  First, Amazon's follow-up was excellent, providing tracking and Pro numbers to follow the shipments.  Because it was a bundled deal, the TV came separately from the dvd player and stater kit.  The dvd player and starter kit arrived about two (2) days before the TV via UPS.  Pilot scheduled a delivery and the two (2) delivery men arrived on time, carried the TV upstairs, removed it from the box (and disposed of it as well), put it on the TV stand, and tested it to insure that it was in perfect working order with no dead pixels.I got the calibration settings online from the CNET website.  After a few minutes putting in all of the numbers through all of the different screens, I was ready to watch TV. (Also, turning off the motion judder is a must do, whether via update or toggling on and off game mode).  WOW!  What a picture! The colors are dead on.  Skin tone is perfect and all of the colors are right on the mark.  Played the 3d movie Monsters vs Aliens and it was as if it was coming out of the screen.  Too bad that there isn't much content at present.  The 2d to 3d conversion does provide some depth, but not as dramatic as a 3d movie.  Since the dvd payer is wifi, I set it up for Blockbuster and VUDU.  Although I haven't streamed any movies yet, that aspect seems to work well.  First thing it did was automatically update the dvd payer to have the latest software.  So far, watched about 25 hours on the TV and have not heard any buzzing whatsoever.  Near the end of Monsters vs Aliens, I did hear the fan for the TV, but it only lasted for a few minutes and I have not heard it since.Great buy through Amazon.  Printed the price, went to HH Greg and asked if they could match the deal.  They told me that at that price, it was below their cost.  Salesman said that if he was in the market, he would buy it immediately.  I went home and did.  I would highly recommend Amazon service, follow-up and follow through.