Have (mostly) enjoyed the 4069 unit since it arrived last November.It does take a while - 10 or 15 minutes, it seems - to warm up for best pic quality.  But the display is generally excellent, especially on the 16:9 digital channels.Some of the SD channels tend to the  muddy side but we haven't played with setting them up a lot.  Also, I recommend leaving the SD 4:3 ratio pictures in their native form. The set will stretch them to 16:9 but the result, for me, is ugly.Auto-tuning takes too long as others have posted (about 20 minutes). But after it's done, we can receive digital signals via the Comcast cable without a cable box.  And, through some quirk of the cable service, we can receive some apparent on-demand or pay per view offerings that neighbors may be subscribing to.  How else to explain that certain digital channels are being rewound as we watch them?  The movie will get to a certain point, then rewind back to the "good part".  There are some rather exotic tastes in the neighborhood.  Cable company says it has no idea how this happens and I'm not pursuing it with them.So far, I don't detect any motion artifacts like ghosting or image trails. The audio is clean and full-sounding.The bad: shortly after we got it, the set developed an intermittent condition where the left half of the screen was slightly less contrasty than the right half making it appear there was a line down the middle (but there was, in fact, no line). It could be cured by turning off and turning back on. I realized it should be serviced because the condition could only get worse.  We called Samsung for warranty service.  It took the service company about 10 days to acknowledge the service request (I had to call them to ask when service would be rendered), another few days for the set to be picked up.  They held it for more than a month and returned it but the problem had not been repaired.  A second service call was arranged and after another month, the set is back, apparently repaired this time. They replaced a "t-com"(sp?) board the first time and the entire LCD panel the second.What's really scary is that there are no strict guides (at least here in Maryland) on how many tries the mfr get to repair before they must replace the set.  You are at their mercy entirely.  Be nice when you deal with their customer reps is my best advice.All of the above negatives notwithstanding, the set was worth the price which is now much lower than when we bought last fall.