I purchased this unit, the LNT4061F around July 2007, and was instantly amazed at the picture quality. For months, I used it for everything from video games, DVDs, HD programming, and I even used it as a computer monitor after I built a home-theater PC.If only the honeymoon would have lasted.Since March 2009, every once in a while the TV would refuse to start up immediately, instead it would click a few times, and when the picture finally appeared, there were pink pixels scattered everywhere. This could be remedied by turning off the TV and trying again. Then it got worse. The clicking would take longer and longer, and then instead of pink dots, there were multicolored lines. Finally, the TV refused to turn on anymore at all. Even having it plugged in results in endless clicks as the TV vainly attempts to turn itself on, each time with quick failure.After checking some forums, it would seem many of Samsung's recent TVs have this problem, due to bad soldering in the power-supply board. Eventually the solder, which is full of weak points, stops supplying a steady current to critical components, causing them to fail, one at a time until the whole unit is ruined. So I effectively paid $1500 for two years of enjoyment until the TV self-destructed.This kind of manufacturing flaw is generally cause for a recall, or at least a free replacement for the bad part. Unfortunately as the people in the forums will attest, Samsung is steadfastly ignoring the bad power boards, even under the threat of a class-action lawsuit. I personally take this as a bad sign, and will never purchase another Samsung product of any kind until the community agrees things have improved; it's just too risky to buy another TV which might die in two years. To contrast, the inexpensive JVC 32" tube I bought in 2002 still works just fine.If not for the forums of people with the same exact complaint as mine, I would have called this a fluke--sometimes a bad TV makes it through the quality control, after all. This currently isn't the case; not only is the LNT4061 a risky investment, but even the newer 450s and 550s have the same problem. Stay far, far away from Samsung TVs, at least for now.This would have been a 1-star review, but that would be unfair, since I did enjoy the TV immensely before it failed utterly.