This tv is amazing. Great picture, tons of features and price is right. This tv has it all. You can use HDMI (has 2, maybe one for a dvd player and PS3 and so on). I hooked up my HDMI capabale DVD player and the picture and sound are perfect (you need to change the sound setting within your DVD player to get the sound). I even hooked up my xBox 360 and was floored. Standard tv through satellite is not as bad as I thought. I see people having problems but I have a soulution if you do not want to spend "more" money on HD (I know, it is an HDTV afterall). Instead of using the coax, use S-Video and audi cables. My wife was opposed to the tv at first. We have been using a 32" Sony tube tv that I bought when I re-enlisted in the Air Force back in '99. So this was an upgrade to a dying breed of tv and dying tv. So I hooked up the S-Video and she was happy with the quality. Also, if you have Direct TV and the picture looks squished in widescreen and you are coming from a tube tv, there is a setting with in the Direct Tv tuner to set it to widescreen. Most problems people have are usually 9 times out fo 10 either correctable or operator error. I ran into about 5 of them when I hooked this beast up and all were fixable due to my error. What is also great about this tv is you can contol an iPod through it (connector sold seperatly), hook up a computer, a camera/camcorder, has "2" HDMI hookups, a USB port, has Picture In Picture (although not as good as the Phillips TV0. Another good thing about LCD tvs compared to Plasma is this, "GLARE". Facing out TV is a Bay window. Even though we have blinds we would still get nasty reflections on our tv. Plasma was just as bad due to its glass screen. With the LCD, no glare whats so ever. SOLD. You can not beat this TV. You get more than what you pay for. Also, with the hidden speakers (sound great), it looks a bit less bulky than most. As with most tv's, it is customizable to fit your needs and likes. What more is there to want. The only thing I found that this tv is lacking is that it does not fetch a beer or walk my dog.