This television is not only pretty handsome, it is extremely easy to put together, essentially it's four screws to attach it to the stand and you are finished. It's very light weight as well. The set up is very self explanatory, the tv walks you through it  Although at first scan, it didn't pick up all my antenna channels but that was easily rectified by moving my antenna and rescanning.  I have always owned Sony, my trinitron lasted over 25yrs so when I went looking for a flat screen I looked there first.  I was open minded enough to look at others but found that Sony had the best picture overall, in the stores at least.  Upon getting it home however, I did have a problem with the first set I received.  Amazon was amazing once they got them in again (as they had sold out of them for a while and if I had sent it back immediately then it would've meant a refund only which I didn't want).  The exchange was effortless, I had another set in my home in 3 days and this one is much better.  I still have some people's scalps floating away from their heads but that problem is fixed if I go to the regular channel on the antenna rather than relying on cable (it only seems to happen on one channel now so far and that, thank goodness, is a network channel).  Otherwise, all seems to be ok, my other problems with the other set have disappeared, it's only been 2 days, but they were pretty evident almost immediately last time so I think I'm pretty safe, although I'll probably still be knocking on wood for a couple of weeks.  I only wish that this was an 1080p as I think the picture problems probably wouldn't be happening if this were the case.  Yet despite the problems with the floating heads, and of course movies and programs not made for HD which one would not expect to show up as if they were, the colors are fabulous and picture is wonderful.  One can adjust to 3 different brightness options for viewing which is a very nice feature.  Overall I'm happy with the tv, it fits where I need it to fit which was my biggest problem, finding a tv which was this size but less than 19 1/2" high and still a good tv, of course I wish it had more inputs (yet perhaps as I update everything else that will no longer be an issue, who knows) and more options but that being said, it is a good tv for the money.