In November 2006 I purchased the Samsung HP-S4253 Plasma TV from Amazon and what a great purchase it has been. I decided to wait a couple of months to write a review. I didn't want to give a out of the box initial reaction and wanted to get some time under with the television before sharing my thoughts.  Here they are:PICTURE QUALITYThe picture quality on this television is outstanding.  We receive television signal through Cable TV.  I have a HD cable box with both Component Video and HDMI.  Both hook ups look great really.  HDMI is how we have the Samsung hooked up now and don't see a reason to change.  The colors are very bright and vibrant.  I would say that before we bought the TV off of Amazon.com, I was at Circuit City several times looking at the Samsung and judging picture quality.  The HP-S4253 picture in Circuit City was good enough to buy the TV but in reality is fantastic when you get it in your home.  Standard Def TV channels through our cable box is fine. I have read other reviews which questioned the quality of the picture on standard def channels and I disagree.GAMINGFor a short period of time, we had a XBOX 360 hooked up to the HP-S4253 and the picture was spectacular.  Its a better picture than our 50" Samsung DLP we have the XBOX 360 hooked up to.DVDWe have a 480P DVD player hooked up via component video cables. Picture is very good.  Once again vibrant bright colors make movie watching a joy.SHIPPING FROM AMAZONThis was an area that exceeded my expectations.  I have to admit I was a little nervous shipping this TV from their warehouse.  I had never shipped a TV before.  Usually, I have picked my TV's up at a local store and brought them home myself.  Well shipping a plasma TV via over the road truck service is no big deal.  Amazon customer service was extremely helpful and Eagle trucking customer service was great as well.  Drivers unpacked the Plasma and put the box in the garage.  I would recommend asking the drivers to wait while you hook up your cable box, dish or gaming device to make sure the TV is working properly and didn't suffer any damage during transit.Buy one you won't regret it.