I was hoping that this would be ready to go when it arrived at my house- be forewarned you need a high def cable box- the tv won't even work with a standard box.  When I got the new box, I was really dismayed to see that in the manual that to "Connect to a box that descrambles some channels" you need 6 lengths of rf cable a cable splitter, and an rf A/B switch. The owners manual then says that these products can be purchased at "most electronics stores".  I had to visit 3 stores before I was able to get the RF A/B switch- Circuit City, and PC Richard & Sons did not have it.  I'm guessing that 90% of the people buying this television do not have a cable box that descrambles all channels.  I was really under the impression that this would be ready to go and I am really dismayed that Amazon does not even offer these items as an accessory to the television.  I called Samsung to see if there was any way around this and they told me that there wasn't and that the retailer should have mentioned it- yet there is no mention of this in the product description that Amazon offers.  When I finally got around to setting up the tv I wasn't quite as happy with the picture as I should have been, so I called Samsung and they said that this cable connection was not as good and that to get the best picture I should use component cables- these came with the high def cable box, and yet a Samsung rep told me that I needed the rf a/b switch!  The owners manual makes no mention of using the component cables in lieu of the rf cables & the splitter & the rf a/b switch.Now my only problem is that the television does not show the picture on the full screen size- on my 26" tv, the picture when I'm watching a wide screen movie is only 10" high and 19" wide.  There are two stripes that are light grey and run down the edges of the screen- not black, light grey- very distracting.Neither Samsung or Time Warner will take responsibility for it.  I suspect that it is Time Warner as they have terrible customer assistance, and I set up an appointment on Tuesday.  If the cable guy can't fix it then I'm going to call Samsung on a speaker phone and let those two guys hash it out.