Ok-I'm a 60 year old woman who decided I wanted to turn my drab, old, dungeon-like den into my personal "Girl Cave". After all, why should men have all the fun?My remodel took months-I won't go into all of the details, but it was quite a chore indeed considering I have no construction experience whatsoever.When it came time to order a TV, I originally wanted a 73" DLP, so that's what I ordered.The first one never even made it to my home-it was broken during transit and rejected by the local delivery company, so I reordered.The second one made it as far as my house, but with a screen so bloated, it looked pregnant. I was the one that got to reject that one.I was devestated. I had a home-improvement project that was taking forever and more project-completion time was wasting with each returned television. What to do? Take a chance and ask for a third one to be shipped, or give up and look for something else? I chose the latter.I was originally leaning toward a different Panasonic model, but when it was all said and done, I chose this model in the 65".I expected the plasma, especially in this large of a size to kill my electric bill-but it didn't. Turns out the wattage for this model is much less than plasmas from past years so I didn't pass-out when I opened my power bill.Years ago, you chose your screen size based on the room size. With this one, it's just as clear from 3 feet away as it is from 12 or more. Absolutely beautiful picture.It has so many built in features-the same things I almost didn't want. (Remember, I'm old-I originally just looked at the features as something else that could go wrong).I did reconsider, obviously, and have no regrets. I'm actually loving having everything built in that I bought separately for other TV's."But it's last year's model", you say.I say "Who cares? It just as good and I saved hundreds of dollars" Yes, more than enough to pay for my Blu Ray Disc Player/Home Theater Audio system which is fully compatable with my television.No regrets here.