Although this Vizio cannot compete with higher-end HD televisions boasting 120 HZ and 1080p resolution, it was far the best performer in the price range I was considering, although I did shop around to find the best price.  I consider this the largest set (32") that can still deliver a crisp LCD picture with 720p/60HZ specs.  You won't notice the difference unless you already have a higher end television; even then, most people cannot tell the difference at this size.  The picture is bright and sharp, particularly when using the "Vivid" picture setting.  Set-up is mostly intuitive, although there was one hiccup, as I'll describe later.Pros:  price/value; crisp, bright picture; good remote; mostly easy set-up; 2 HDMI input connections, plus component, RGB, and RF; 100,000 to 1 contrast ratio; excellent picture with HD, DVD, or Blu-Ray input; you can use the included stand or hang it on the wall; sleek appearance.Cons: specifications that are becoming outdated; difficult to reach connections in the back of the set (connect everything before you put it in place!)The only momentary problem I had occurred when the TV wouldn't pick up the cable channels.  A quick look at the troubleshooting section of the handbook pointed me toward the manual tuning feature, which took five minutes or so to load all the channels.  Because an Amazon reviewer recommended that owner use the retail setting for the best picture (instead of the Energy/ECO setting), I ended up with a picture that displayed Vizio's advertised specs at the bottom.  To get rid of the display, I had to select the Home setting -- and I had to search for the channels all over again.  (Note:  as long as you select "Vivid" as your picture mode, you will get the brightness you saw at the store.)  I found that 32" is the perfect size for a bedroom, apartment, or other small to mid-size room.HD televisions really need an HD source to look their best, so if you only have a regular digital picture, you will see less than sharp edges, although the picture is still fine, especially from a distance.  HD signals -- whether from cable or satellite or Blu-Ray -- really show up well on this set and are well worth the extra expense if you can afford it.  Because manufacturers are selling fewer and fewer 720p/60 HZ sets, you should look for bargains, as many of these models are being discontinued and therefore discounted.