I *think* this set is a great value, but I may be doing something wrong with the settings which is why I'm not giving 5 stars for the picture.Some background.  I read the Amazon reviews which were stellar overall, and read the CNET review.  I read the Plasma TV Mag review after I bought the plasma, and it may reflect some of the issues I'm having.And the value - WOW - I got the set at Best Buy for $769 - they wanted to beat the Amazon price at the time.Let me confirm a few things mentioned previously in these reviews:1.  It does take a few days to "break in" the picture.  The picture has gotten better over the two weeks I've owned it.2.  The frame is extra-glossy and doesn't help the already-reflective surface of the plasma3.  The picture controls are very limited and not nearly as numerous as what you would find on a Sony or other setThe biggest picture quality issue I'm having with this set is jaggeed edges with higher sharpness settings and very dull and poorly defined faces with lower sharpness settings.  You really have to play with the settings quite a bit.  Overall, closeups on people and other imagery is exceptional, but objects in the background are very fuzzy, washed out and dull, almost colorless in some situations, for example crowds at a football games appear blurry and dull.  I found by increasing contrast and reducing brightness, I could help this a bit.  The Plasma Mag review confirms this problem.  I would say this is the biggest difference versus an LCD, visuals do not have nearly the sharp edges or color depth.  Sure, the blacks are much better, but I would love to have better color depth.For example, if you're watching ESPN NFL show or something, the faces of the commentators at a distance are extremely fuzzy and poorly defined.  But up front, incredible.  LCDs are better at this I think.Here are my settings, so maybe somebody can help:Picture Mode - CustomContrast - 77Brightness - 57Color - 44Tint + 4 (reds are too red)Sharpness - 48Black level - LightOverall great set but I'm constantly playing with the picture settings for different types of shows, which I don't like.And you can't really expect perfection at this price!