I have the V-Series Sony 40" LCD set immediately preceding this model.  Based on my experience with the earlier model, I've recommended the KDL 40V4100 to friends and family. The differences: 1. When the 40V4000 first came out, it was being sold for as much as twice the price of this one; 2. the previous model had 10- bit color processing (which now is available only on the more expensive Z or later series).  Although 120Hz is now the rage (available beginning with the W series), Sony's unique 24 fps Movie True mode is likely to make a more noticeable difference in "smoothening out" camera movement than 120Hz capability (which is primarily a come-on for the gamers and "Matrix" generation).For under $1500, this is the set I would unhesitatingly select ahead of a comparable Samsung (you can get the price down to around $1000 if you go with the S series, but you'll sacrifice Sony's acclaimed Bravia 2 processor as well as Sony's auto-link feature permitting operation of all components with a single switch).  If I were willing to spend close to $2000 or more, I would look at a 46"-52" Sony with 120 Hz (just to be current) and 10-bit color processing for a hi-def picture that simply leaves nothing to be desired.  I would also do everything possible to purchase from Amazon. (I had to make two exchanges before ending up with the "right" model, and Amazon as usual made both hassle-free transactions.) Also, be sure to check out Amazon Warehouse for a "refurb" or "scratch and dent" model.  I've never been disappointed in any of these items at reduced prices, or even noticed any difference from mint.A couple of things learned through experience: 1. A flat-panel set does not "play" as large as the old tube models.  If you formerly required a 27" convection tube screen, you'll need 32"-40" to enjoy a similar viewing experience with an LCD flat screen.  2. When watching HDTV telecasts (still only a small percentage of channels), it's quite likely you'll notice little to no difference from standard definition if the screen is less than 40".  So if you're planning on purchase of a 36" or smaller screen, skip the extras. 720p is more than adequate, and most of the other frills can be regarded as needless extra expense.  Also, SD (standard definition) will look better on any small screen than on the most expensive manufacturer's large screen models, so make price--not brand name--the primary criterion when selecting a screen under 40".