After much research into HD displays in our price range, I happily decided on the Samsung 32" 41 series for our first foray into high definition viewing. Amazon of course was much less expensive than any local electronics or reputable online retailer by far. It arrived last week and we're thrilled with it. Our living room isn't huge, so it's the perfect size. It's just big enough for a great home theater experience, but not too big that it dominates the room. If you're looking for a TV that fits that criteria, 32" is definitely the way to go.Just to reiterate what others have said, the TV is a bit dark out of the box, but a quick adjustment of the brightness setting alleviates that. Once you have all the settings to your liking, the picture is fantastic - very bright and sharp, with extremely vibrant colors. There is noticable trailing on the DTV stations occasionally, but that's to be expected with an LCD display. We've watched four DVDs already, and I've played several Xbox 360 games, and I haven't noticed any display quirks on either (I didn't even use the "Game Mode" and experienced no lag on my games). I'm using a component connection for the 360, because it doesn't have HDMI output, and games and movies in progressive scan look amazing. They say HDMI is the best, but I don't know how it could get any better. It would have been nice to have more than one component input, so I don't have to use the 360 for movies, but oh well.We pick up all the local stations in HD with a set of bunny ears, and they look great (besides the above mentioned trailing). Plus, there are a few stations we didn't even realize were broadcast, including 24-hour weather and music video stations. Bonus!The SRS TruSurround XT seems to be all hype--the sound is average at best. I definitely recommend hooking up the TV or your DVD player to a seperate speaker system as I did. It's also a bit disappointing that the Picture-In-Picture only works with two different input sources, so you can't watch two different TV stations at the same time. The remote is very easy to use and set up--it works seamlessly with my Samsung audio receiver, so I only need to use the one remote.Overall, my wife and I are completely satisfied with our purchase. The small negative points I've brought out in this review should be expected, and are moot against the overall performance of this display. If this is the type of TV you're in the market for, I don't see any reason not to get this one.