This is my second Samsung 50" plasma HDTV in less than two years.  I purchased the 3D HDTV, Blu-Ray and glasses bundle.  I made the mistake of damaging one pair of the 3D glasses while removing the battery cover and my experience with Samsung support and customer service was AWFUL.  The person I spoke with fumbled to get the necessary information from me only to put me on hold and ask someone what to do.  He came back on the phone and said sorry, since you caused the damage we will not replace them.  I tried to explain it was accidental and the difficulty I experienced opening the cover was partly to blame and my loyalty to Samsung but he just repeated himself and would do nothing to try and seek an exception for me.  I called the next day and the girl I spoke with seemed so bored, robotic and just wanted to get off the phone and take the next call.  I also sent emails expressing my position and frustration and amazingly received absolutely no response.  I'm so amazed Samsung is so apathetic and unwilling to provide any solution to help me replace the glasses.Another Amazon member has also written a negative response regarding Samsung customer care and support relating to color and design issues for this model and at the time I read it, I thought he was being petty.  Now I realize his frustration and comments are valid and I would seriously not recommend Samsung if service and support are a priority to you.  Read his experience posted here and compare it to mine and then draw your own conclusions.I've also noticed some idiosyncrasies with the picture that I did not experience with my previous Samsung, so naturally I'm watching these closley to rule out manufacturing defects.  I have no confidence I would be able to reach anyone knowledgeable or who cared to discuss my technical concerns.  I do have a careful eye and have been installing digital video for 9 years, but will reserve comment pending further observation.Five other purported consumers have rated this this HDTV five out of five stars and yet not one of these reviews purchased their TV's on Amazon and are Amazon verified purchase consumers.  I'm beginning to serioulsy doubt the validity of any of these reviews as anyone can post here including the listed Amazon distributors attempting to sell TV's with no proof of ownership.