After spending 6 months researching HDTVs I got this Tv over Memorial Day weekend from Amazon for a great deal, $1899.99.  No shipping and no tax can't beat the price for one of the better plasmas on the market.But there are a couple of issues with this tv.  Don't buy it over the panasonic because of its PIP option.  The PIP can only be used when a HDMI tv feed is on or another hookup besides componenet for television viewing.  This leads to the other problem.There is a glitch with the HDMI.  So if you are utilizing the AV ports for a playstation or DVD player the tv can't understand which source to pick.  So if you are watching tv,  But then want to watch a DVD you can change the source to the DVD player (the AV input) but when the movie is done you can't switch back to the HDMI input.  The tv no longer recognizes the connection.  This was a great pain for me.  I purchased a HDMI/DVI wire for my cable box.  And the first time a changed the source to the AV for my playstation and I was able to play it but when I was done the HDMI feed was no longer an option.  So I spent the next day and a half going through my connections and calling the cable company which told me to contact my tv manufacturer.  Samsung said that the tv has a glitch and the tv must be reset (there is no mention of how to reset the tv in the owner manual).  So now  everytime a change the source to the av port I must reset the tv whcih consists of unplugging the tv waiting 30 seconds, hitting the power button on the tv itself 10 times, plugging the tv back in, turning the tv on and switching the source.This problem doesn't occur if your cable is hooked up via component and the picture is basically as good as the HDMI feed(I will proably switch it back to component once a get over that a spent $100 on a Monster DVI to HDMI cable and won't use it.Other than that te tv is great.  It has a much better appearance over the panasonic.  HDTV is awesome.  SD is ok; comes in better for some some stations than oters.  Speakers are above average.  Overall this is a very impressive tv if you can get beyond the glitch.  Sports are amazing feels like you are there, nature shows are extremely impressive.  The TV has great colors and true blacks.