I did extensive research before I purchased and owned a Sony (Last Year's Model 64hz model) LCD TV that helped me to really understand what to look for when I contimplated my second LCD purchase.  Sony makes a great set; but the picture of this Samsung even compared to the newer XBR model was not as bright.  What I think most people want is a bright clear picture.  For the serious viewer this TV is VERY bright and clear (when a strong source signal is provided).  What I learned from the research is that picture clarity can be measured in many different ways that is really too complex to explain perfectly.  I liked many aspects of my Sony LCD, but the brightness of the Samsung LN46A650A trumps almost all other features including other aspects of picture quality.  Where this TV poses some issues is in the remote control, PIP and when a poor HD sourse is supplied.  What is happening from time to time is that unclear HD Movies are being broadcast (on cable) which no TV would be able to decode without some problems.  I think the critizism directed at this TV largely comes when a poor quality sourse signal is being broadcast.  On non HD programming this TV does a real good job of providing a clear, bright picture.  Additionally, from a regular DVD (non HD), this TV does as good or better then most.  The remote control has a funky rotary dial that takes a little getting used to; but it can be managed with some practice.  The features are strong including a feature (INFO.L) which provides access to weather, stocks and news accross the bottom or top of the screen via a Ethernet jack.  PIP dosn't allow me to access my computer and TV at the same time which I understand is a universal problem with all LCD TV's (not confirmed).  With a contrast ratio of 50,000 to 1 I must turn down the brightness in many situations.  From accross a large room the picture is stunning.  I have read that brightness is the issue that most people judge a TV by.  By this measure this TV is a 5 out of 5.  My only regret at the moment is that I didn't purchase the 52" model.  You will be very happy with this TV.G. Barraza