We literally bought four (4) of these pieces of junk starting Super Bowl Sunday, Feb. 7, 2010 through Feb. 28, 2010. Each one had issues within 2-5 days. We took all four (4) back based upon the advice of Sony Technicians, and I tried to call Sony to seek help. I spent a total of 4 1/2 hours over 5 days on the phone, mostly on hold, waiting to talk to a person. I finally was told "that is beyond our control, you need to talk to someone in Customer Relations."  FYI, if you try to call Customer Relations at 1-239-768-7547, which by the way is the number that is listed on Sony's web-site, the first thing you will notice is it is a "long distance call."  The second thing you will notice is you will be on hold for a minimum of 30 minutes waiting to talk to someone.  The third thing you will find is that you aren't calling Sony Customer Relations at all.You are calling Product Support, who will ask you dozens of the same question, until you have wasted more of your day and money on the long distance call.  Only after you get so angry you are ready to spit nails do they say "you need to talk to someone in Sony Customer Relations."  Then the fun really begins as Sony Customer Relations is only open on Monday through Friday.  On top of that they are never available, and you will be on hold for another 30 or more minutes.  Someone may finally get on the line, but each time in my case it was the person I just talked to and they suggested I call back the next day.  When I refused they said the Customer Relations Staff was very busy, and could not get to my call.  Geez, I wonder why?  Could it be because their products are junk?See the pattern here?  And, after your blood pressure is sky high, then you will have a person come on the phone and tell you that "Sony does not compensation Customers for time and inconvenience."  Anyone else see the problem here?  The sad part is we were willing to try the new Sony KDL40 EX400, but we asked Sony to send us a $40.00 set of the Sony HDMI cables for our tv at no charge, as they are unavailable at the stores in our areas.  Sony was only willing to allow us to "buy the cables from them."  Apparently they do not care about their Customers.  I told them that I no longer buy Sony, and I will make sure no one else makes the same mistake.  They kept apologizing, but not one person was willing to step up and do something to fix the problems "they" caused.This company isn't the Sony you and I grew up with. They are a joke, their products are junk and their Customer Service is the worst I have ever experienced.