We purchased this TV as our primary TV for in the living room of our new apartment. We wanted something discreet- that would not take over the room as most TVs do so we figured a white LCD TV would be best. This Samsung has a great picture when on and when off looks very elegant. We placed it in the corner of the room on a side table and when off it merely compliments our decor. Primarily we watch it from about 8', but its also easily viewable from a sharp angle 12' away in the kitchen. We didnt mount the TV but the holes are there for mounting purposes and the directions include a section on how to best mount the TV. The A/V inputs are on the back of the TV, which would limit how close to the wall its mountable. We have had the TV now for almost a month and have nothing but positive comments about it.The only negative is that it is not true 16:9.  When viewing programs/movies in 16:9 format (which is the majority of movies now) the viewing size of this TV is technically about 20" not 22" which leaves black bars on the top and bottom of the screen 2-3" thick.  For me, this did not affect my purchase because there are simply not that many TVs this size that are 16:9.I read most of the reviews on Amazon, especially all the bad reviews, and I have to say I have had none of the problems that were in the bad reviews. My TV didnt come with a sticker on the LCD display like some customers. HD channels (through Comcast) look excellent. Even DVDs viewed on our cheap, old DVD player look great. As far as the sound, my only guess is some customers must have received a flawed product. The sound is great, I have only turned it up half-way and it is plenty loud. However, the sound may be a little on the tinny side; but I hardly see how you could expect more from small, built-in speakers. I am a bit of an audio perfectionist myself and ever since I planned on buying a new HDTV I also planned on buying a new sound system.  (Correct me if I'm wrong, buy I thought it was well known fact that if you want an amazing picture and amazing sound then you will buy a tv AND a sound system- no matter the price of the TV.) Even so, after having the TV for a month I am content with the built-in speakers. If I do happen to purchase a sound system for this TV it will only be if I need a little extra retail therapy after Christmas.