I purchased this TV because I wanted something big (believe me, 52" is huge) and also with options for expanding possibilities, such as from its compatibility with internet ready content and 3D capability. The menus are a breeze. I read some reviews saying it took long to flip through the menu and/or channels, but that is not my impression and I think the menus are not only easy to understand but are also "visually intuitive", and changing channels and menu screens is a relatively quick process for me. Even entering text (something you would assume would take forever on a TV remote) is not that gruesome: if you're accustumed to texting on a cellphone, then you'll do fine (e.g.: to enter a text string to do searches in Youtube). you probably need a separate computer handy upon setup as some of the internet content (Amazon, Netflix, QrioCity) will require you to set up accounts and or activate your TV by entering a code. The setup process is easy and walks you through with no problem. Keep in mind the box is big: I think like 150 pounds, but it is quite sturdy and very well packed so don't worry about the box breaking while you handle it. The image looks great. I was worried the blacks wouldn't be so good on a LED TV but they seem rich enough for me and the design is slim and classy with a neat gloss black finish on all of the front screen area (including frame around the LED screen, so that all the front panel looks of a uniform glossy black blend). The on screen displays (such as for displaying info while viewing TV) are not too bothersome and appear on fade in boxes at the top and/or bottom which don't cut off too much of the image. When you navigate the system menu, you can even see the TV channel in the background which is also useful. My setup process found a ton of new TV channels (analog and digital) which I didn't even know were there, though some are duplicated and it took a while to de-select those I didn't want to shop up (but the option for hiding channels is well thought and easy to do)