Bought this tv in middle October 2011 and love it except for a little judder(will clarify later). First out, the picture is outstanding never had a better tv. Before this I owned a Samsung LN46A750 but unfortunately the screen broke and was forced to make a purchase. Bit the  bullet and decided on the Panasonic gt series as budget was more a concern. I would have taken the vt if I could have afforded it as I thought the picture quality was a little better in store where I saw it.  Definitely the vt looked a little better.Took the GT home and was immediately drawn to the great color  tones and contrast.  Blacks are really good improving the overall image. As with my televisions I always try to look up the specifications to get the most out of them.For viewing I move back and forth between Custom, Cinema and THX. The latter is more frequently used than not. I love this picture setting more than any because of color and picture fullness, the draw back is motion judder as the default doesn't allow you to change the setting.. Custom setting I have set to strong motion smoothness. On other websites the experts say that Motion Smoothness should be turned off but I enjoy this feature because I can't stand motion judder and with this TV it sometimes can be unbearable and highly distracting. Some movies it's not as bad but with some others the picture is really blurred when the camera is panning. How has no one reported this, I don't know. I googled this to my  wits end and have not seen anyone report this problem; is it just me? Panasonic gave you two options 48hz and 60hz. 48 hz is just a waste of time as that setting is just impossible to look at. There was more jumping and judder than anything Ive seen in a television.Put on 60hz and things are a Lot better. I've seen other reviews where it's said the VT has a 96hz setting which makes things much better. After about 2days of viewing this tv I had it packed and back in the box to go as I saw it on amazon for same price I paid in store. It the hassle of having to do it all over again made change my mind.This Plasma tv definitely has better overall picture  than the first Panasonic Plasma I got about 4yrs back as the contrast ratio and brightness have greatly been improved. I thought it was going to be really tough to brighten up in a well lit room but I was totally wrong about this as the  brightness is fantastic; no problem in a brightly lit room. Warning though- the screen is reflective so it will reflect light.Oh! 3d is awesome