Let me start by saying, before my purchase of the A650. I was price comparing for a Sony 46 inch XBR5 and thought that was the gold standard. One day, while shopping in Sears for clothes for my kids which always requires a detour to electronics just to comfirm my previous judgement of Sony's superiority in LCD televisions. As it happens, at this Sears they have a Samsung 71 series right next to XBR5 and I still thought the XBR was slightly better at color accuracy. My 2 Daughters 9 and 11 always picked the Sony as looking more realistic to them. After confirming what we already concluded. We walked to the end of the isle to look at LCD stands. That was the first time I saw the A650 and the first thing I thought was this is a Plasma. The glossy panel and deep black levels were striking and the color detail in this set edged past the XBR5. So my children now told me the A650 was now the best set in the store.By this time a sale person had come over and started her pitch and I probibly would have made a bad impulse purchase, except I didn't want to make payments on a TV. So I went home and found the A650 at Amazom $900.00 cheaper and $700.00 cheaper than the lowest XBR5 price from a reputable seller.I've have this set for 5 weeks now. Its connected to dish network through HDMI cables and 20 year old pioneer av receiver with HD dvd player. This lcd was a snap to set up, I think it took me 15 minutes. The HD dvd is the pinnacle of picture reproduction and this set blows my old Vizio away. I Am legend, Stardust, and Serenity looked awesome. When a broadcast is HD content, this set gets it almost as good as my HD dvd. When they are upconverting content to you, you can see the quality is not up to snuff. You can't blame the tv for that. You buy this TV and you will smile every time you turn it on.P.S. don't let the red border affect your consideration all of my equipment is black and that's what the border looks like most of the time. It only looks red when I have all my lights turned on and its never distracting.