Ok, after reading some of the other reviews, I was having buyer's remorse after purchasing one of these Toshiba sets at my local Best Buy.  I hadn't even opened the box yet, and I was contemplating taking it back, but I'm very glad that I didn't!  I wall-mounted my set it the corner of my bedroom ceiling (in a 10' x 10' room).  It fits perfectly above the door and is the largest set that would fit in that space with a built-in dvd player.  I'm happy to report that I like everything about this set.  The sound is way more than adequate (I sometimes have to turn it down to 2 or 1 just to keep it from being too loud during some shows), so this set is plenty loud and the volume can be cranked way up.The viewing angles on this set are also just fine.  I am viewing the screen from below, at an angle, and the image is still bright and clear and not washed out.  The DVD player also works fine, it even reads discs that wouldn't play in my previous dvd player and that I was about to toss out (glad I kept them)!  It has memory play, so it resumes where I left off, even after turning the power off.  I haven't had any dvd's that wouldn't read properly so far!The only thing I didn't like about this set at first was that it didn't keep the "full-screen" aspect ratio that I like to view most programs in.  However, I learned that you just need to go into the setup menu, and under the "theater" setting, there's the option to turn off "auto-format".  For some reason, Toshiba ships this set with "auto format" on, when turning it off makes the picture retain the "full screen" aspect ratio.This is the second lcd tv/dvd combo unit I've owned (the previous was a 20" Insignia set).  I like the Toshiba much better, 4" larger screen that fits in the same space above my doorway, much better dvd player, and a brighter, clearer picture.  If you have any doubts, buy this set from a reputable seller (like Amazon or Best Buy) that offers a return policy, but I highly doubt you'll be taking this Toshiba back if you try it!