I was persuaded to buy this set instead of the new Samsung 52" by a very knowledgeable sales-person who pointed out this technology (4ms response time, 5 stage backlight) really set the standard for LCD technology.I suspect he was right, but once in my living room, these were difficult to notice.  Here's what I did notice...Good:- The performance coming out of my standard Tivo was terrific.  The "S Stretch" mode does a great job using the whole screen but not making people look abnormally wide.  The MPEG compression artifacts largely disappeared and the noise level was quite low.- The screen lights up instantly when you press the power button.- The menus are intuitive.- You can customize the color scheme for each Input individually.- When using DVI, the on-screen-display shows what mode it is in (720p, etc) in thetop right which is very helpful.- You can skip back and forth with your previous input mode easily.Bad:- The speakers are truly awful.  For a $3-3.5K device, the speakers are about like a $15 clock radio.  TV shows with even a bit of deep base caused incredible sound distortion at very low volume.  I'm not an audiophile and I don't consider these speakers acceptable in any way.- If the brightness is too high, banding is noticeable.  Tuned appropriately, I don't think it should be, but you may trade some amount of banding for detail in the blacks.- In 720p hooked to my Comcast Motorola cable box, I'm seeing static noise patterns for non-HD content at the top of the picture.  I get a bright line along the right side of the picture.  And even in HD mode I get a purple line across the bottom of the screen.  Seems like the set is displaying all the data it is getting and not stripping out the signal headers.  You can only change the hpos and vpos of the image, not the stretch.  There may be more settings I can play with on the Cable Box to make this work out.- The case plastic is actually a very dark gray, not black, which depending on your room and stylistic preferences can make the set look a little bit cheap sitting in your living room.- Out-of-the-box the colors all seem washed out.  The Tivo green menu screen was trending toward gray.  With some tweaking (particularly reducing brightness level) I was able to improve this.Conclusion:This is a very good LCD.  The noise management for low-res content is impressive.  That said, I'm going to return it as the speaker issue is intolerable.  It is also more expensive than the Samsung 52" without a clearly visible benefit.(I did return this product and purchased the 52" Samsung.  I love it.  Color saturation is better, it is much brighter, and the sound is terrific!  Plus it can link up to a USB drive to show photos, etc.)