Santa Claus brought this TV to our home on the 25th. I couldn't wait to power up the unit even though it was late in the evening after getting home from our annual Christmas gathering at my folks home. My previous unit was a Pioneer Elite 50" second generation projection. Nice picture, really big and heavy, terrible off center view, but overall a nice tv. This thing just blows that old technology away. While shopping with Santa, I purchased a Sony BDP-N460 Blue-ray Disc player to go along with the new TV. I think this is a must if your are planning to move up to this level of picture quality. The Blue-ray player will up-convert your older DVD's to a HD signal, and the TV will indicate it is receiving a HD signal via a little LED on the front panel by the power "on" indicator. The picture is just stunning!Over the Holiday week I have enjoyed watching older Pixar movies such as Monsters Inc, as well as The Incredibles. I just couldn't ask for better picture quality! I do have to warn you though; once you see a Blue-ray movie on this tv, its over. You will only want to by Blue-rays from now on! Your jaw will surely drop when you watch Monsters Vs Aliens on this tv through a nice Blue-ray player.Another interesting feature that I have been playing with is the Bravia Internet Widgets. The TV has a LAN port on its back so you can connect it via a CAT5 cable to your high speed internet connection. I had to run out to BestBuy and pick up a ethernet switch to make all of this work... but it did work after making all of the connections to my router. When you push the Internet Widget button on the remote it will take you to a list of applications that you can apply to the tv such as the latest news or weather, or stock updates. Things like that. I thought that was kinda nice.I would recommend that you utilize the HDMI ports for all of your equipment if possible. This type of connection will offer you the highest possible quality thats currently available. And go with the middle to topend levels of quality with these cables. They are a bit costly though, but the quality of the picture and sound is incredible.I read the other reviews on the 5150, one reviewer indicated the sound was not as great as they had hoped. I really thought the sound was really good for the provided TV speakers. But really, if your going to buy this tv, you really need to set up a 5.1 or 7.1 sound system. I have mine running through a Denon AVR-3806 and then through seperate speakers. I believe this will give you the greatest enjoyment.Overall, I would highly recommend the Sony KDL-W52W5150 to anyone wanting a fantastic TV! We love it!! Thanks Santa!