I was looking to replace my Sylvania 32" HDTV LCD for a 46" HDTV LCD. The Sylvania has performed flawlessly for the past 5 years without any problems but I wanted a larger screen. I had purchased a Sharp 37" TV a couple of years ago and I was very impressed with the picture quality. I am an experienced HDTV viewer so I feel confident in writing this review.I was looking to purchase a 46" Sharp Aquos but I couldn't find one to fit within my budget ($1,000 or less). I looked at 46" Samsungs but I decided to purchase this Sony because of it's name, positive product reviews, and price -- and I am glad I did. This TV has crystal clear picture quality, a very good sound system, is a breeze to set up, has a decent remote control, has a nice swivel base (so that you can turn the TV 35 degrees left or right on its base) without having to turn the entire base and risk scarring your furniture if you change sitting positions in the room, and has a SVGA port built in so that you can use this TV as a huge oversized computer monitor (which my Sharp Aquos does not have).Trust me, there is a big difference between looking at a 32" (or 37") HDTV screen vs a 46" HDTV screen -- especially from 15-20' away from the TV. I would highly recommend Sony Bravia to anyone looking to buy a quality HDTV at a very affordable price. It has (1) one dedicated component port, (1) one dedicated composite port, (1) one versatile component or composite port (TV automatically detects the type of signal), (4) four HDMI ports, (1) one SVGA port so that you can use the TV as a computer monitor, and (1) one USB port -- plenty of ports for whatever your needs may be. All of this for under $900 to include Amazon.com's money saving free-shipping option -- not bad at all.The only bad experience I have had so far is that the TV arrived with a very small scratch on the TV frame. I contacted Amazon.com and they were willing to send me another new TV but I liked this TV so much that I agreed on a $50 reduction in price for the pre-existing scratch mark. I can live with the scratch mark because it is very small and has nothing to do with the fantastic picture quality and sound of this TV. Besides, repacking this huge TV is NOT easy unless you have another person to help you. This TV is simply GREAT - 5 STARS !!!