About the buying experience:This is my first time buying a TV from Amazon.com. I bought this for my dad for Father's day and I am really impressed with the overall experience. I was not really caring for 3D because of the cost of glasses but... I bought the TV a week before the 3D glasses with Avatar promotion and Amazon was great to hook me up with that when I saw it. Delivery through Pilot was real easy, they get in touch with you to schedule an appointment before the delivery. I was really happy and would buy a TV again from Amazon.TV itself:Picture Quality:I'm not an AV expert so I won't go into much detail about that. But the moment I turned the TV on and watch the latest episode of Top Gear in HD I was blown away. To me it is all about the color accuracy. That is what differentiates this TV from other TVs I have used before. I tuned the TV using CNET's review settings using THX. It is really fantastic.Sound Quality:One reason I moved to this TV is because at least the speaker's sound quality are decent. Other TVs I was looking at that were LED-TVs (super thin) had tin cans for speakers.3D support:3D was very good to me, I used it to play the Uncharted 3 multiplayer beta and had no issues. The Avatar movie that it came with is really the benchmark for watching 3D movies. It was just like watching it in the theaters. Of course the downside to 3D is the glasses and the cost of glasses. As I said above I was not planning on using 3D, but since I got 2 glasses for free I was happy with it. Is is not my primary use for the TV.Internet TV:Even more so could be said for the Internet capabilities. Vierra Connect looks interesting but I don't use it. I use my PS3 for all my internet stuff like Netflix or DLNA streaming. This TV is quite good though as it has .mkv support.Overall recommendation:Overall I am extremely happy with my buy. I didn't expect to buy this TV when I first started looking. But all the rave reviews for it, and its great looks sold me. This is definitely a premium quality Television. Highly recommended!