We bought this TV approximately 2 years ago, and I can honestly say that we've been very happy with it.  Then within a month ago it started changing the channel.  I didn't think a thing of it, I assumed that the DVD player wasn't plugged in as firmly as it should be, and it only did it while it was paused.  Then one day I was watching it and suddenly the screen went blank.  This was still around the same time as the other, so again, I didn't think a whole lot of it, it only happened the one time and by changing the channel and back again it worked fine.  Then within the last few days I noticed a horrible smell in my room.  I had my kids with me helping me look for the source of the smell, I thought maybe they had spilled something like pipe cleaner or something from my husband's toolbox.  The smell was exclusively upstairs and clearly by my bedroom.  The smell finally went away, with a lot of gagging on my part and I didn't think of it until later when I complained to my husband, by now I figured that the air conditioner had lost it's freon.  Which he told me was impossible since it doesn't hold that much and it was still getting cold.  That night, when I went to go to bed, where my husband was watching TV, the smell was back.  I complained to him but he told me I was nuts that he couldn't smell anything.  I put up with the smell, again gagging and still didn't get the connection.  Within a day or so the picture started going out, though I thought that the cords weren't plugged in right.  Last night my husband worked it over and we couldn't get the picture back for more than 10 seconds.  We had to bring a different TV from downstairs.  I loved this TV and to make a long story short, don't waste your money, it can't be repaired and you are stuck with a big paperweight that makes you mad when you look at it.  Now we have taken the kids' TV they use for their Wii until we can save up to buy another TV for our room, which is the only place we watch.  Very disappointed and I can promise I won't waste any more money on another Westinghouse.  They used to be a brand name that you can trust, clearly this isn't the case anymore.  I'm not going to waste my time arguing with them over the phone, they know about the problem, if it were under warranty they would barely help me then and since it isn't I won't get anywhere.  So I can only hope to help some other poor person from throwing away their money and buying something else, whether it's a Vizio, Emerson, Sony, or RCA, as long as it isn't a WESTINGHOUSE!