I was honestly surprised by how nice the picture is on this TV, very crisp and vivid but the colors warmer than many.  I like it!  After much searching and comparing we bought a Panasonic TV some months back and while the picture is very crisp, the colors are not as warm or realistic as on this TV. The picture also compares favorably to our large screen Toshiba, but that has a lower resolution. This set is capable of 1080p (though several other options are available in the settings menu).  The sound, while not great, is not that bad.  It's about average for small TV speakers.  The volume however, is not great.  While I could see the picture well at a distance of 20 feet, the sound was barely audible.  If this is going to be used in a large room, separate speakers are necessary (or highly recommended).  The remote is also pretty picky.  You need to be close and have it pointed directly at the receiver or it won't work.  One  of the things I like best about this set is the number of connections it offers.  There are component and composite connectors as well as HDMI. As one who struggled for a long time with an older set which was difficult to connect anything to, I really appreciate this.  This set can use both our old equipment (e.g. VHS player) and new.  It also has a VGA plug so it can be used as a monitor (which is what I had originally intended) however, this is an area where I feel it falls a bit short (and why I gave it 4 rather than 5 stars).  The stand is not adjustable/ flexible.  It doesn't swivel.  The angle can not be adjusted, nor the height.  As a  TV that is fine.  It is thin and light enough to easily mount on a wall, but I doubt I could get the viewing angle I like on a desk.  With a wall mount, all that can be adjusted in the frame.In sum, the set has a great picture, but falls a little short on sound.  It is very flexible because of the number of connections.  The weakest points are the lack of adjustability in the base/ stand, and the sound is a bit weak.It is great as a wall mount set in a small room.This is another brand which I discovered through my kids.  My son bought a portable DVD player with his birthday money a few years back.  Because it was a big purchase (for a kid) he shopped very carefully. He bought a Coby tablet.  While I had never heard of the brand, I was impressed with the solid build.  It still travels with us and works as it did when new.  I hope this set holds up as well.  Thus far I am pretty impressed.