I was an early adopter of this Viera 58" 3D television.  I bought the TV in 2010, and exactly two years later I called Panasonic about this annoying fluctuation of brightness and gamma in the darks of the TV.  Essentially, when a movie cuts from a dark or bright shot, the whole TV changes brightness and pulls you out of the experience.  It's really annoying.  Panasonic gave me the usual "turn off C.A.T.S. and set contrast to blah blah blah".  I did every thing they suggested.  None of it helped.  They then told me it's out of warranty so they can't do anything to fix the issue.Fair enough.  If something is out of warranty, then it's out of warranty.  The end, right?  Well, yes... but then I found out this is a manufacturing defect and a known issue.  Just google "brightness fluctuation panasonic" and you'll get loads of complaints from other customers.  Panasonic eventually fixed this problem in the newly manufactured TVs, and released a "confidential" technical bulletin (Service Reference SH-B34-11-03-REV) explaining the issue is known and of factory origin.  But us early adopters who supported Panasonic and their budding 3D battle with Samsung?  Well, we got left holding the bag, because they know this is a manufacturing defect, even released a tech bulletin acknowledging this, but they'd rather cower behind the factory warranty than show a modicum of appreciation for our support.They should be publicly shamed for not jumping to fix this issue which is clearly a manufacturing flaw.  And an annoying one at that.  Especially when the solution typically just involves a simple firmware or EEPROM upgrade from a memory stick.  So, you have to ask yourself, do you really want to purchase an expensive piece of electronics from a company that knowingly hides their defects and dodges support?  Not me.  Never again.Two stars because although Panasonic may be acting unethically, the TV is really great aside from that one apparent flaw.EDIT:  28 Sept 2012, it gets worse!  I had the main board on this swapped to a factory-sealed brand new board, which is supposed to have the latest and greatest firmware.  But guess what?  The fluctuating brightness issue still persists, so literally Panasonic has done NOTHING to remedy this issue.  It's just a faulty product.  And they know it.  Unbelievable.