Were it not for my current problem, I would rate this TV a 4 or 5.  I did exhaustive research on LCD televisions and made repeated trips to stores to compare picture quality and features.  I gravitated to this particular set for its small footprint (bezel) around the screen, the exceptional picture quality and the Sony name.  I have always known Sony TVs to be high quality and reliable........until now.I babied this puppy on delivery, as if it were fine crystal.  It sits on top of a cabinet, free-standing, with plenty of ventilation in a large room.  For 23 days it worked great.  Then a powerful windstorm knocked out power in NE Ohio and took down cable across the region.  The following day I had the TV on throughout the day as I waited for cable to be restored.  Late in the afternoon I noticed vertical lines across the screen instead of simply a blank screen.The set was totally unresponsive via remote or otherwise.  It didn't even work with my Sony DVD player  --just random vertical lines and no sound.  I called Sony.  They put me in touch with their technical repair contractor, QualServe.  They sent a tech 8 days later.  The guy replaced the heart of the thing....the main processor and circuit board.  No change.  He was stumped and called Sony.  After a long conversation heordered a new LCD screen!!  2 wks for delivery to QualServe then another week for them to send one of their techs out to install the thing.I am awaiting resolution.  When all is said and done, it will be 4 wks of repair time for set I had a mere 23 days.....and given what they're replacing it will essentially be a new TV.  My out of pocket costs for the repair?  Loss of TV for a month and the bill for the cable I cannot watch.  Sony has been responsive and apologetic to a certain point but also unwilling to send a new set in the box.FOR THOSE ORDERING THROUGH AMAZON --- be advised, I ordered this TV on Amazon from a company called 'OneCall'.  Amazon TOTALLY screwed up the purchase and shipping info.  Amazon is usually stellar and organized with these things, I do not know what happened.  The OneCall people were good to work with however I was surprised they were not more concerned about the mix up.