The LC37D43U is my second Sharp Aquos this year and I have to say that I cannot think of any reason to purchase any other brand of LCD Television. When I purchased the other one (26")8 months ago I did not have HD yet and only bought that TV because physically it fit my needs so when I got the HD boxes from Comcast last month it was sort of a gradual transition.The 37D was purchased to replace a 32" CRT in my basement. I prepared the HD box by getting rid of the damn coax cable and plugging in the HDMI cable for when the TV arrived and set it to the Discovery HD Channel. Plugged the TV into the power strip, hit the power button and almost fell over at how gorgeous the picture was.As almost every other person reviewing LCD HD's, I will say that SD is tough to look at when switching from an HD channel, but 5 minutes after the channel change the picture on the standard channel still looks substantially better than the CRT! I also want to mention the 6ms refresh rate. I know a lot of people don't put any credence in this, but I see a lot of complaints about ghosting in the reviews I read on other (mostly 8ms)LCD's.I watched 20 minutes of a hockey game last night which is substantially more fast paced than ANY football game you could watch and it was clear, vivid and completely lacking any ghosting or weird imagery!6ms refresh rate?? I'm no expert, but it seems like a valid feature to me!Pros:-2 HDMI Inputs (Finally I can take advantage of this on my DVD player)-Easy to use remote-default settings options on ANY configurable criteria. Mess around with picture, volume or input settings and make a mistake? Hit the reset button and start over...Beautiful!!-Sturdy constructionCons:-Switching from HD to SD and from SD to HD channels takes a little longer than I would like as the image needs to resize, but switching HD to HD and SD to SD is as fast as you would normally expect. This may be normal, but I did not see it on the 26".-The remote does not have any codes that I could find to control the Motorola cable box that Comcast hands out for HD.(If anyone out there knows of a fix for this I would appreciate it)Again, this is my second Sharp LCD in 9 months and I would recommend this brand and this model to anyone wanting a solid, quality LCD TV!!