I got my 65" VT25 on December 22 and it ran for about 35 minutes and died at 10:30 AM. I had it on a UPS with a Powerline conditioner but with the Yamaha RXA-1000 amp the service waatage of the UPS was exceeded. We had a big storm with lots of voltage fluctions and spikes. So bad news. Good news after failing to get make any progress with the Best Buy folks I turned to the Panasonic Concierge service and got a referral to an authorized service tech at about 1:30 PM. They sent a guy out at 3:30 PM they showed up and diagnosed the problem as a shorted board and left advising they would need to order parts. I called them first thing the next day to get a status on the parts availability and they didn't know. I called Panasonic with my case number and they were able to see that parts had been ordered and then checked the status and the parts had already shipped and would arrive at the servicer's office that day. I called them back and they committed to installing the parts that day which they did. Total down time less than 27 hours. Pretty amazing. But the TV is just off the charts. Had some friends over for the BCS championship game in 3D on ESPN and comments were things like, messmerizing, surreal, incredible, unbelievable and I hate you. As I explore HD content on direct TV I find myself watching shows I might have ignored before because the picture is soooo great. I got mine with the 3D starter kit and Avatar 3D (haven't watched it yet) and two pair of glasses. The starter kit glasses are the 2nd generation. the TV included a pair of 1st gen glasses. The 2nd gen are better. They are more comfortable to wear have a slider on/off switch instead of a button and are rechargeable via a USB connection. I added a Monster HDP 2500 High Def power center and it has two USB charger ports on the front which makes a great way to recharge the glasses. My TV room is about 20' by 20' with 4' by 10' windows on each side with no drapes of any kind and I have not had any issues with glare. settling in to watch TV is almost like going somewhere.