No doubt, I love this LG (Life's Good) television. Five stars! However, with that said, I thought I'd detail some of the pros and cons for you. Here is my personal opinion (I hope it helps you in your decision):A.) Though the television is advertised as Wi-Fi, you do need to purchase the LG AN-WF100 Wi-Fi USB Adaptor. Yes, it is an annoying inconvenience and an extra fee, but it is entirely worth the price. (And, yes, I was stunned that it was not included with the tv. That's a little ridiculous since most folks are buying the television for this specific reason.)B.) The Wi-Fi was effortless to set-up (any person can do it regardless of her/his technological prowess!) Likewise, I have NEVER lost the connection. (I have a feeling that some of the complaints here about "losing connections" have more to do with those customers' routers and less with the television itself). Moreover, Netflix "instant play" looks amazing on the television ... ditto for YouTube. One drawback: not everything at YouTube is available for the television. For example, we watched all of Weeds Season Six on YouTube, but the final episode was conspicuously missing ... though it was available on my laptop. We searched the exact title as listed on my laptop, no dice. We searched the person who uploaded, denied. We have experienced this with a few other YouTube posts. While this is (admittedly) an inconvenience, it is still a great feature. (Mind you, like other reviews, Hulu would have been a fantastic addition.)C.) The TruMotion feature is genuinely bizarre. For me, the effect was uncanny and disorienting. I believe that there may be some value in relation to "sports" (maybe hockey) ... but I found the results for gaming and regular viewing to be strange. Certainly, not a big selling point for me (now that I've seen it in action).D.) Aesthetically beautiful. Furthermore, all buttons are "hidden" on the side (this is a welcome change from my other LG where the buttons were positioned in the back ... which made mounting difficult).E.) The sound is rich for such small speakers. Nonetheless, audiophiles will definitely want to add their home theater system to it (for some added crispness and depth).F.) The HD is staggeringly sharp. Truly gorgeous. (If you have HD cable, this television will be the perfect addition to your home. It really showcases HD cable!! I was totally impressed!!)G.) Delivery from Amazon was spectacular. Once the television was purchased, I was permitted to select the day and hour of delivery. Not only did the product arrive exactly at this time, but the delivery person carried it to my second floor living room ... and then set it up!! The delivery person was super friendly and extremely fast. (He even set-up the remote control!) This was all included in the price of the television.While there are a few drawbacks, the price and quality are not to be missed. You will not regret buying this television!