To be honest-I was baffled by all the negative feedback and have fiddled with the TV a lot at different places. Changed settings, saw the picture from different angles, distances and heck, even talked to a few Vizio owners (friends) about how their sets performed. Everything sounded good, and I finally bought it from Costco at $399+tax. The reason why i persisted with the research was i was looking for a sub $400 LCD TV and this TV had specs that were not matched by anyone in the 37 inch segment for this price. Disclaimer-I was researching mainstream LCD brands Samsung/Panasonic/LG/Sony/Toshiba/Sharp/Vizio and was not considering other brands.2 weeks of use later-here's my thoughts. The picture is AWESOME. Don't get me wrong-I am sure the 37 inch Samsung LED's have better picture, but they are $900. Also, I had upgraded from a 4 year old LCD-it blew the older set in terms of picture quality. I have HD programming and this TV has an awesome picture throughout-sports, movies & NatGeo/Discovery. However, do turn the Tru stuff off and make the effort to customize the picture based on your room settings. The response time is average-it takes a few seconds (around 5-6) to turn on and another sec for sound to come. Changing channels is fast (less than a second for the next channel to come) and i did not experience any of the sound lag issues that so many reviewers have complained about. The picture quality,sharpness & brightness are excellent. You can watch the TV from a wide viewing angle and there is no change in picture quality.The bad-sound is tinny, get a good set of speakers. But nearly all LCD TV's have this issue. And this TV has issues if you want to use it as a monitor. I tried a lot to set it up as a monitor but did not succeed-could be my fault here. But i did exactly what was written in the manual.However, given the money i paid for it-I am totally satisfied and would buy it again. If you have a thousand bucks for a LCD-skip this TV. If you are in the market for a 37 inch LCD around 400 bucks; this set is highly recommended.