VIDEO (*****)The quality of video for this 720p TV is remarkable.  As a sports fan, I was concerned about motion blur with LCD's over the last year or two, but after researching, I realized that it's not an issue with modern day LCD's.  The 120Hz is just hype.  I have absolutely no blur with my TV that I have accepting signals from the DirecTV HD-DVR (HR121).  Sports look spectacular and movies look great as well.  I was very pleased with the standard definition picture as well.  If you're sitting too close to it, you can see artifacts, but my couch is almost eight feet away and I can rarely see artifacts in SD.AUDIO (***)This is really the only think that kept me from giving it five stars overall.  With home theatres today, sounds from the TV isn't that big of an issue and I think the guys from Samsung had that in mind when making this one.  It's not bad, but it's nothing that will blow you away at all.  I will give it credit for handling speech very well.  It's a very clear and crisp sound.FEATURES (*****)This think has a ton of features.  Different fonts of closed captioning, deep calibrating options, three picture modes and sound modes.  16:9, 4:3, Just Scan, Zoom 1, Zoom 2 and I think I forgot one.  Side-by-side PIP, top/bottom PIP, and conventional PIP.  The only catch to that is that one signal has to be digital (HDMI or component) and the other has to be analog (S-Video, A/V, or coaxial).  I was able to do PIP with my Xbox (via component) while watching TV with my TiVo (via S-Video).  I'm not able to play X while watching my HR121 (via HDMI).  Adding/deleting stations is a breeze!  It's very user-friendly and even someone who isn't a techie can use it.  There's a USB (Wiselink) port in the back and I used it to view photos and even play MP3 background music during my slideshows.  The remote is pretty good as well.  Easy to use with one hand although it's a little long for my taste.  I have a Harmony 880 now, so I rarely use it.  You only have to cycle through inputs that are being used not every single one of them.  That saves a lot of time.OVERALL (****)I absolutely love this TV.  I've been in the market for HD for 2 years now and this TV finally made me feel comfortable enough to make a purchase.  I feel like it was well worth the wait.  It handles all types of programming well (even black & white movies) and it responds quickly to the remote control.  I got it for $1100 at a local electronics store here in Jackson, MS.  Anyone saying 1080p is superior to 720p hasn't really watched a 720p.  From a distance of six feet or more, if you can tell the difference between the two, you have to be a professional.