After considering several discriminating factors (size, price, user reviews and etc), I was tied between Panasonic and Samsung 42" Plasma screens. I compared Samsung HP-S4253 and Panasonic TH-42PX60U at the local CircuitCity and BestBuy stores several times. You could not go wrong with either brand.Comparison at the stores:TVs and sound systems are things that you have to go see/hear yourselves before buying. Every body has their personal preferences. Picture quality was the most important factor for my wife and I. Personally, Panasonic had better whites (HD - Discovery channel) compared to Samsung. Other than that, overall color and picture quality (HD movies) looked better on Samsung. My wife could not really tell the difference between the two anyway, except she found the Samsung cabinet more aesthetically pleasing. Based on the specs, Samsung has better features than Panasonic. We decided to order the Samsung from Amazon for ~ $1250 (savings of about $350 with the free wall-mount rebate).At home experience:We got the TV on 12/12/06, about 12 days after ordering. The EGL delivery driver helped me to carry the TV upstairs and unpack. Unfortunately, I didn't have a cable connection upstairs, so I connected an internal antenna and a DVD player with component video output to the TV. The setup was quite intuitive enough. I was lucky enough to get a couple of HD channels over the air (WOSU-HD and ABC). The reception was quite impressive even with a couple of old rabbit ears, something I bought a couple of years ago for $20. I was very pleased with the HD picture quality: good resolution, color, and clarity. Ordinary DVD movies looked good too. I expect the picture quality to improve when I get an upconverting DVD player and Dishnetwork with HD channels. Just don't have the money for it now. I don't hear any buzzing noise as some folks commented. I wish plasmas had individual color settings (Red, Blue, and Green) like the CRT's and DLPs, but the movies are good enough with Dynamic color setting. This is definitely a great TV overall.