I bought this TV last spring and wanted to wait a few months before reviewing. My review after a week would have been 5/5 and today it would be 6/5 if I could give it that. I did a lot of research and comparing with other sets and confidently chose this Samsung. I'm convinced I made the right decision.Delivery: I was not home when the TV was delivered but regardless, setup was very easy. The set came assembled on the stand in the box, so it was just a matter of opening the box and lifting it into place. You might be able to move it into place on your own but it would be risky and I wouldn't recommend it. With 2 people it was no problem.Picture: I am still amazed by the picture quality and continue to annoy my wife whenever I see an especially nice image ("Look at how great this looks!!"  "Yes dear I know, you've shown me 1,000 great images. It's very nice. I get it."). HD channels, especially Discovery and ESPN, border on ridiculous they look so good. Non-HD channels don't look fantastic but that's not the TV's fault.Sound: Very good for a TV. If I have the TV volume up and the volume on my speakers up I get an echo effect so I use speakers-only while my wife prefers TV-only. The echo effect is likely due to something I've done wrong in setup but I haven't really investigated thoroughly since I'm OK with only using one or the other (TV or speakers). I haven't experienced any of the hissing noises that other reviewers mention.Size: for an average TV room, I would not recommend getting a TV any larger than 42". It is obviously quite noticeable but doesn't take over the room or look ridiculous. Any bigger would start to look imposing and silly, in my opinionAesthetics: probably more of a personal preference issue than any other aspect, but I think the color (all black) and the overall shape and lines combine for a very sleek looking unit that would look great in any room.Price: I thought it was a decent deal when I bought it for $1,999 (April 2006). I see now that the price has dropped considerably which makes buying this TV a no-brainer. I will definitely be buying another one when we get a bigger place and have the room for it.Do I need to recap? Great TV!