Panasonic VIERA TC-P60GT30 60-Inch 1080p 3D Plasma HDTVOrdered a Panasonic 60GT30 and two 42ST30s from Amazon.  The 42s unpacked easily and no problems with a one-person setup.  The 60 was heavy enough to need two people to put it on the base and lift it into the viewing position.The 42s were perfect from the start. Turned on the 60 and - oh dear - the dread brightness fluctuation.  A GREAT deal of fluctuation, unwatchable; hated the prospect of packing it up and sending it back. BUT - updated the firmware over the wireless network, and it's gone - no recurrence since.No problems with room brightness. The internal speakers in the 42s are just fine for their use (bedroom and family room).  Have the audio from the 60 sent via ARC to a (non-Panasonic) receiver, and that now works fine - very good sound, and the receiver comes on automatically, set to the TV input, with HDMI control.  Love the picture, especially in THX mode. Tried the Avatar 3D bluray, and it was amazing. (I enjoyed it, despite philosophical problems with the "Dances with Aliens" self-loathing Hollywood storyline.) My daughter said the 3D was far superior to the 3D she saw in the theater.The VieraCast is useful despite the occasionally clunky interface - Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon each seems to have a different method to exit the application - and it would be nice to be able to put one's own applications in.  Still, good to be able to tap into those services.  They all have good pictures (limited by the original material) and sound.And Pilot, the freight service company used by Amazon, was great! The 42s came from a different city than the 60, and arrived here days apart.  Originally they were set to deliver the 60 on a Thursday and the 42s the next Monday.  I called them and asked if there was any way to deliver them all on Thursday.  The lady at Pilot said that the 42s were not set to arrive until Thursday morning, and they might not be able to get them on the truck in time, but they would try their best. Anyone who is familiar with shipping and inventory control knows that this is a real consideration - goods have to be logged as received, logged out for delivery, and physically taken from point A to point B. In the event, they were able to deliver all three Thursday morning. And a very helpful delivery man to boot.  Well done, Pilot!All in all, very pleased.  Our first television update in 15 years, and worth it.