Things I like about this TV:1) The image quality is MOST excellent, even right out of the box! Knife-sharp edges, killer contrast, accurate colors, eye-popping detail that few LCD TVs can match. Modern broadcast programs look almost three dimensional (and disturbingly odd). On the other hand, hockey games are mesmerizing. Even golf is fun to watch if only to marvel at seeing leaves on trees, blades of grass, and sweat on upper lips. Definitely the best LCD image I have seen on a reasonable priced TV.2)Energy consumption for such an image is also excellent. The back of the set gets barely warm. This was the feature that kept us from even considering a plasma TV3) Unpacking the TV was a breeze! 4 clips loosened the box and it slipped off in seconds. The base screwed onto the TV without needing a screwdriver. It took 10 minutes to go from box to watching Nature in HD.4) The curved edges soften the lines of the "Forbidding Black Rectangle of Doom" prevalent in large-screen TVs one sees in todays living rooms. It's a nice touch.5) I hook the TV up to my laptop and use it as a monitor when we want to cruise YouTube or look at photos. Again, the image quality is unparalleled...Things I hate about this TV:1) Unfortunately, I get better sound quality from my neighbor's antique radio. They must have used telephone speakers for this TV because that's about what the sound coming out of it is like. There are very few adjustments to be made that can improve the sound. If you want sound that is remotely acceptable, you WILL need an external audio package (amplifier + speakers). I knew this prior to purchasing my TV, so it wasn't a surprise; don't let it surprise you!2) The remote looks and feels like a cheap 20 year old cordless phone. The glossy finish means the unit constantly slips out of ones hands, unless yours are clammy. The buttons are all black and none are illuminated. You'll need a $5 Radio Shack clip-on book light to use the remote in your sexy, dimly lit media room. Either that, or keep the remote in your brightly lit kitchen when you want to use it.3) The Picture in Picture feature only works when viewing separate formats ie: TV and DVD. It will not work if trying to view two separate broadcast channels. Go figure.Overall:Every cent of your purchase goes into the image, with this TV. You definitely want separate speakers and maybe a usable universal remote. YRMV.