I bought my 42LG70 on Amazon after MONTHS of shopping around and reading hundreds of reviews.  I ultimately decided on this TV based on the specs, good reviews and price.First, you can't go wrong with buying this on Amazon.  They had the best price and shipped it free to my front door.  This thing would have never fit in my car. :)Second, even though assembling the base was a little tricky (I"ll get to that), the set-up couldn't have been easier.  I do not subscribe to TV so I didn't have to worry about that part.  I had purchased an LG Blu-ray player in anticipation of buying my new TV.  I hooked the Blu-ray player up to my (older) surround sound, connected the player to the TV with an HDMI cable (Not included, if you get a good price offer on this when buying your TV take it.  They're $30 at Wally World) and then I was off an running.  The TV recognized the player right away and the menu came up.As I mentioned, the base assembly was tricky.  It's not rocket science but the screws don't turn easily and if they are the slightest bit loose your TV will lean.  I used some top-quality grease that I usually use on bike parts on the screws.  That helped but they were still very hard to snug up.Finally, and most importantly, this TV has the most amazing picture.  Even on non-Blu-ray discs the picture is shockingly clear and vivid.  Every time I watch something I am simply amazed at how beautiful the picture is.  The colors are bright and true.  The blacks and dark colors are distinguished.  It is worth every penny.  As previous reviewers have noted, turn off the Tru-Motion when watching movies through the very easy to navigate menu, which is another plus.  The menu is easy to find and intuitive.  I haven't changed much since I initally set up the TV but I know that if I want to change something I won't need to pull out my manual.  Each option is easy to find in the menu.If you are having doubts or concerns about buying this TV let me help you put them to rest.  I put in hour upon hour researching specs and reading reviews and I can happily report that this TV has not let me down in any way.  I don't think you will find a better TV for the price.  Let Amazon bring it right to your front door for you.  Enjoy!