After spending much time reading reviews and spending hours at the local Magnolia home theater center seeing the displays for myself and playing with the different picture settings and functions, I finally decided on the Samsung HP-S5053 over the Pioneer PDP-5070HD and Panasonic TH-50PX600u. My decision was based primarily on Picture Quality and overall value of the display.Picture quality on the s5030 is simply amazing and in my opinion better than the Panasonic 50px600u and the Pioneer 5070. Panasonic's black level clarity is superior, but the s5030 comes very close, especially with the ability to turn off the DNIe function, and has superior image clarity overall. The Pioneer has great clarity, but a much softer picture overall than the s5030 which provides very sharp and detailed images. Overall, the picture quality is truly stunning and deserves recognition as one of the top plasma displays in this respect. With HD service the detail is unbelievable, whether it be watching sports on ESPNHD or Discovery Theater. I've had the s5053 for 2 months now and the picture just seems to get better and better. I'm 110% satisfied in this respect.In addition to the amazing picture quality, the display it self looks very nice. The piano black finish makes the s5053 look great even when it's not turned on. A huge advantage over the Panasonic's ugly silver cabinet on the 50px600u.The s5053 also had a lot of other features that made the decision easy. The built in tuner, pip, built-in hidden truSurround speakers, pc imput, 2 hdmi input, DNIe, advanced 13-bit processing (549 billion colors compared to a max 29 billion for Panasonic and just over 1 billion for Pioneer), anti-glare filter, and especially the pixel-shift feature (to prevent screen burn-in) were all superior features that made the s5053 an exceptional value.You may read negative reviews based on buzzing and shipping issues, but don't let this discourage you from purchasing this tv. The buzzing issue has been isolated to a limited run of s5053 with an August 06 Mexico manufacture date/location. The good thing is that most of these have already been distributed and replaced, and my unit was buzz free. The shipping issues with screen damage should also not discourage you from buying this display, because lets face it, sometimes things get damaged during shipment due to mishandling or various accidents. My display arrived ahead of schedule and in perfect condition.Overall the Samsung HP-S5053 is a terrific all-around package. You get superior picture quality, a great set of features, and most importantly a great value compared to the other plasma displays in the same top tier. I would highly recommend this unit based on my own extremely positive experience thus far.