Moving to a new house and am buying two new flat panels for living room and bedroom.  I had assumed that LCD was the best technology currently available, but after a lot of careful research, found out about the new Samsung Plasmas, the 54/64 series in 50" or 42" sizes.WOW!  This is an amazing set.  I am very picky about what I buy, but at the same time try to spread my $ around so that I can have decent components for everything.  This TV is in the sweet spot for bang for the buck.  I thought that I would really be missing out by not having a 1080p TV, but this thing is truly amazing.I am running an HD Tivo from DirecTV (HDMI), an Xbox 360 (component), PS3 (component) and Wii (component).  They are all amazing, and for the money I saved on not getting 1080p or LCD, I am able to get a 4254 for the bedroom.The two main differences between this unit (5064) and the other model (5054) is that this one has a slightly stronger anti-glare shield and can view photos off of a USB stick.  If you have a 360, you won't likely use this functionality anyway.  The stronger anti-glare shield is great if you are putting this in a bright room with lots of windows, but if there is not going to be glare on the tv, go with the 54 series because the glass is clearer due to less heavy glare shield.  I will say that the glare shield is really great - my old rear projection Sony reflected every light in the room, this plasma doesn't reflect anything even with every light in the room on.The fit and finish is top notch, plenty of inputs including 3 HDMI and a PC input.  Take care to break your plasma in properly, don't watch too much SD tv with black bars during the first couple hundred hours, at least stretch the picture.  This TV is best suited for HD input, it looks fine on Standard Def, but that is not what it was designed for.If you are in the market for a TV, and your price point is in the "just below $2000" and you want a 50" this is your TV.  Smaller size/price point?  Go with the 4254 or 4264 from Samsung.  You won't regret it.- Update (2/14/2008): with the price hovering just over the $1,000 mark, this thing is an even better buy.  8 months later and no complaints. -Josh- Update (2/8/2011): Power supply blew.  TV was still chugging along until that happened.  The good news is that I found the power supply from an online parts shop for $70 and instructions from a forum and downloaded the tv service manual in PDF form so plan to fix it myself.  Paying Samsung certified tech to do it would be about $400, not worth it for a 4 year old TV.