I loved this TV for the first 10 months we owned it. One day it stopped turning on. It would try to turn on for about 5 seconds and then shut itself off. I contacted customer service and was assured it was still under waranty and if I faxed them the information they needed, they would contact me when they sent me a box so it could be shipped to a service center to be repaired. Which I promptly did (the same day). After a week I called again to see what was going on and when I could expect the box. I was told it takes 10 days to 2 weeks. I waited another week, nothing. I called again and this time was told it can take up to three weeks, but they would send a form to corporate to have them look into what was going on. I was assured that someone from corporate (as well as someone from the box shipping dept.) would be in touch within a week. I waited another week, still nothing. I called again and was told that the reason nothing had been done was because they couldn't read the date of purchase on the receipt (which they posted on their computer system as received and read 5 days after I faxed it to them). When I asked why no one had called to tell me this, wasting 2 weeks, all anyone could tell me (including a supervisor) was "I don't know". I am so fed up with these people I decided to post this to hopefully prevent anyone else from buying this (or any other) Sylvania product and having to endure the customer service hell I am currently stuck in. I have refaxed the information, including a blown up portion of the receipt with the date so no one can claim they can't read it. I am waiting for yet another week to pass so I can call (yet again) and find out what new and even more imaginative excuse they come up with this time. If I do ever get this TV to the repair center, I am praying that the part it needs is still in production so they can fix it. At this point, I can only hope that my heirs do not have to carry on this valiant, although at times flagging fight, in my name. The bottom line is - DON'T BUY ANYTHING THAT CAN BREAK IF IT IS MADE BY SYLVANIA.