I did all my research on LCD TV and the best one of the market was this particular one. But when I received the first LCD TV, while watching my TV I heard a whistling/buzz (like a kettle) sound in the background of the programs I was watching and realized it was coming from the TV. I called and went to CC and Srs. (the main stores selling this same product and they hadn't had any returns nor heard anything about this product)They claimed this TV to be the top of the line product.My attempt to refine the problem further, I took advice and unhooked everything and just plugged it into different outlet of my house of differnt rooms and it continued to make the noise.  I hooked it up to my main TV watching room cable outlet and still no change in the conclusion that it was coming from the TV.  I called Samsung and they told me they have heard about this problem with there DLP TV that contain a colorwheel, but this product doesn't  contain a colorwheel. Samsung looked into it further and said it may be a defective powersaver (not sure what that is.)They were also vague with letting me know if there were many similar calls with this problem.  I returned the TV back to amazon (amazing customer service) and exchanged it for another one, thinking I had bad luck because I hear nothing but good news about this TV. I received it the next day this TV also made a  buzzing sound which was even louder.  Is it possible I'm just having bad luck and received 2 TVs that had the same problem?  Quite possible. So I returned it.(First TV received on May 17th and returned both TVs on May 29th.)I currently don't have a TV in my bedroom but I do think I will purchase the exact same one but this time from a store (more expensive) to rule out weather it was bad luck and if the same problem occurs again I can have more hands on help in discovering the problem.I loved the look of the TV, and the picture quality.  The only downfalls is that it takes a while to turn on and it does collect very noticeable dust.Those out there that have this TV, go up to your TV and listen closely (I can here the noise up to 15 feet away, the distance from my bed to the TV)and that goes the same for the new purchasers of this TV.