Well the only reason I considered this tv was because I have had a lot of head and eye issues from almost every other tv imaginable.This has a good picture for a CCFL LCD, but has a lot of issues as well.  If you don't have odd health issues like I do, I'm not so sure why anyone would want it.  You can get an NX720, for example, for barely any more cost.It seems to me that LED sets have TOO much light output though, no matter WHAT you do.  The CCFL sets seem to be better about not lighting up your whole room.  And the colors seem more "solid" and saturated to me.  The overall uniformity and viewing angles seem better on this LCD.Also the black level is good for an LCD.  HOWEVER, when a totally black screen shows up light is coming through almost everywhere. It doesn't look like actual flashlighting or clouding, but just that the entire screen can't get black enough.Contrary to reviews, the reflections are terrible on this set.  I have a lamp back behind me and the light is all over the palce on the tv to the point of me having to turn off lights to even watch tv.  Yet on the panasonic st50, sony nx720, sony hx929, etc... it does NOT do this.The video gaming experience is atrocious as well.  I could barely play rock band 3 at all because it's no fun when not only the lag is there, but things don't move right on the screen so you see the notes not lining up right in that regard either.  You basically "see" lag of some sort even when you set the lag calibrations in game.So the pluses when compared to plasmas are NOTHING other than more light output.  Compared with leds, it seems like the overall picture is better, but at expense of light bleedthrough, no 3D, no DLNA or DNLA w/e it's called, and horrible reflections and lag.  On an LED you can get one with almost no lag and all those features not on this and for the same price absically.  This set was a good deal when it came out, but now that the price barely dropped at all years later now while current tvs DO have price drops it's not even a value anymore either.