After owning this set for over a month, and spending a lot of time researching the best bang for the buck in the 50 inch and larger category, here are my impressions:The only real compromise you will make in purchasing this TV versus the more expensive models is the contrast ratio, it just doesn't get as truly black as other far more expensive models.  There are a few occasions when you will notice this: on letterboxed super wide screen Bluray content, and on some graphics on broadcasts and playing some parts of video games.  But that's it...the dynamic contrast of this 52" Philips/Funai is certainly adequate for 98.3% of all other content.Also note that the picture right out of the box is in no way representative of what this set can achieve.  Out of the box settings are way too bright, the color is hyped, and the resolution was set to a mode that created scaling artifacts on a 1080i input.  As soon as these were adjusted to more realistic levels, and the picture set to "unscaled", the screen quality came to life.There are many controls for how the image is displayed, play with them to get close to what pleases your eye, and then write them down when you are happy.  From there you can tweak up and down to achieve close to perfection.I like my picture somewhat on the dark side (akin to the movie theatre experience) which also lowers power consumption.  Here are some settings you can use as a starting point (Firmware version 13).  Try these before calling in the expensive home theatre guy to calibrate your set:Contrast 38Brightness 67Color 33Tint 0Sharpness 3Temperature - WarmDynamic Contrast - OnDigital Natural Motion - OnNoise reduction - OffMPEG noise reduction  - OnColor enhancement - OnPicture Format - UnscaledVertical and Horizontal - Adjust to fit your source material so that the image fits perfectly into the screen.Something no one has mentioned here is the ability to display your digital photos from a USB flash drive...the quality is phenomenal, the ultimate slide show!!  You can also play music files from a flash drive.Also, please note that this set has upgradable firmware.  There is information on the Philips site for the latest version (correcting many of the issues that have been brought up in previous reviews) and the instructions for upgrading the firmware are in the manual.  The set I purchased was already up to date as it was unboxed.