I researched RPTV's for over a year and my decision ended up coming down 2 RPTV's - the Philips 46PP9302 and the Hitachi 45F500, I looked at a number of manufacturers including Sony, JVC, RCA, Panasonic. My decision to go with the Philips was based on the extra video processing enhancments that come with this TV and the "classy" styling of this unit. As far as the picture quality goes both units provide excellent video but the Philips just seemed to provide a more stunning picture on HDTV and DVD progressive scan. The picture adjustments that can be made to tailor the picture to how "you" want it to look are seemingly endless - each input can be adjusted the way you want it. One other notable thing about the philips is the picture with satelitte - This is one of the few TV's with which the satelitte picture looks even good - and when it comes down to HDTV images it is downright amazing. One thing anyone should consider when buying a RPTV is the ability of the TV to provide some sort of screen protection from phosphor aging as I found out from my research there are some Tv's out there that have only lasted 3-4 years before the black bars wear into the screen. I have found that the 4.3 format is what I am using the most to view programming from satelitte so you get the black bars on either side of the screen so the black bar burn in could be a potential problem. The Philips auto format screen sizing is also one of the best available and not many of the RPTV's I looked at even had anything auto period! - you had to use the remote to fill the screen and the resulting picture was quite unporportional. Another deciding factor with purchasing this TV was the dealer I bought it from offerd me an additional 2 years parts and labor warranty as his comment was " We have very few problems with any of the Philips TV's we sell and that's why we offer the extra 2 years" . On the downside , (if any) this television as with most RPTVS is the viewing angle - it is very location sensitive - you need to view it sitting down and not to far off center - I have found that about 8-12 ft out and no more than 3-6 ft off center on either side is about maximum.A highly recommemded HDTV RPTV.Mw