I have owned 2 Panasonic plasmas over the last 8 years.  The first was a 42 inch monitor (before plasma TVs were available, fed signal from VHS), the second a 42 inch high def TV I purchased about 4-5 years ago.  Both had great pictures given the technologies available at the time they were bought, and I have never had any problem with either. Pretty good reasons to buy a Panasonic again.  I bought this TV because I wanted a bigger screen and was impressed with professional reviews (as well as Amazon customer reviews) of this TV suggesting it was likely the best flat screen televison on the market (even before one considered 3d). Moreover, the price (with combined blu ray player and 3d package--2 extra pairs of glasses and Avatar disc) had fallen to what I felt was a great deal!  I have never seen a better picture!  Several of the reviews I read suggested the best thing to do is just set it to the THX setting.  They were correct.  I played some with other adjustments suggested in different reviews, but found the THX was really to my liking.  It is a little dark for some things, but you can adjust brightness if you want to tweak this. I stream alot of movies from netflicks (use blu ray player to stream), and play DVDs.  Truthfully, some of the the DVDs look so good, it is hard for me to imagine that a blu ray disc could be better.  What about 3d?  The only 3d source I have right now is AVATAR.  I have seen AVATAR in 3d in the movies so have a comparison point. I think that 3d on this TV is better than in the movie theater!  This said, even with what I think is an excellent 3d picture (consumer reports and many of the professional magazine and internet reviews agree), but on the other hand I am not that impressed with 3d.  My guess is that it will be fun to watch on some specific movies that make good use of the format, but not for much else.  I've seen (in the store) some football in 3d, but wasn't really that impressed. I'll have to wait for Verizon (or netflicks) to provide some more to watch.A final point, I had a great experience buying this TV from Amazon.  It was shipped quickly; it arrived earlier than estimated; the delivery service was great--opened the box for me, installed the base, and helped me put in place and test it out.