Basically, if you are in the market for the best TV for the price, quality, 3d without crosstalk/ghosting this is the TV you get for now until the 2011s start getting released within a month or two.  Although those will be priced higher, quite a bit higher, so.. you'd have to consider the cost benefit analysis.  I absolutely love the picture quality and price for this TV, as the picture quality is excellent!  There is a slight buzz that comes from the tv, but as far as I have read on forums, plasmas do have a slight buzz/hiss (frequency). It really doesn't bother me too much as I just wanted the TV with the best picture and this set besides the Samsung Plasma were a close #1 and #2, but I guess I went with what David Katz on cnet chose as the best tv of 2010.The minor flaw for me is that the Viera cast/connect (forgot the exact name) wasn't great to use and the design of the set isn't quite up to some of the Samsung sets and the set is a bit on the heavy side, but like I have repeatedly stated "Picture Quality" won out for me.The major flaw that happened to me was that the TV broke down after thirty five days after my Amazon 30 return policy was up.  I also had the 10 led flashes where it signals that a certain board got fried and needed a replacement.  Panasonic customer service was quite helpful and scheduled an appointment and had a tech sent out within a few days.  The tech came and told me that I needed to update the firmware and once the firmware was updated I wouldn't have this problem.  He informed me that i would have known this if I had registered the tv.  Apparently, I got one of the first produced models of the vt25 as notated by my "early serial number" as retailers tend to purchase in bulk and mine was probably in storage for a while.  The tech ordered the part, but the part is on backorder so I'd have to wait a week or so until it gets in to reschedule.So I'm currently in limbo waiting on my repair.  It is just the luck of the draw I guess.  Hope I could shed some light on the pros and cons of the tv.