Not enough has been made in either Sony's promotion or the public discussion of the upscaling capability of the current generation of 120hz, 1080p/24fps, motion enhancement LCD TVs.  The improvement over the standard 1080p version is far more than the jump from 720p to 1080p. Combined with a high-definition player (preferably a Toshiba A30 or A35 HD DVD player that upscales to the 1080p/24fps output; apparently, Blu-ray players only upscale to the 1080p/30 output) and an HDMI cable and applying the various levels of motion enhancement, you will experience video nirvana when playing back your existing DVD's and videotapes.The Sony "Motion Enhancer" control, which greatly improves color depth and image separation for lower-quality media sources, can be set at "High" or "Standard" levels or turned off.  It has little effect on high-def sources or even some recent good quality standard DVD's, and can be left off for these discs.Applying the "Standard" level to most older DVD's yields a stunning level of upscaling, far superior to that output by a standard DVD player with "HDMI Upscaling", and truly "near high-fef quality".  Comparing the upscaled to the high-def, you will be hard-pressed to notice the difference.The upscaling brings out the full quality of recent digital remasters.  Old Technicolor films ("Gone With the Wind", "Singing in the Rain", etc) look as if they were made last year, not the more-than-half-century ago.  You will clearly see the tears (sincere and otherwise) welling up in Vivien Leigh's now bright blue eyes.The real deal maker is the upscaling achieved by applying the "High" level to the remasters of the 1930's black-and-white films ("Astaire and Rogers", "Thin Man", etc.).  If you have followed these from theaters to the Late Late Show to videotape and early DVD, one viewing of "Swing Time" will be worth the price of the set. The Art Deco dance floors and Fred's Brylcreemed hair shine like the real things.  The "High" level also does wonders for videotapes, as well as standard definition TV viewing.With the dramatic price reductions in both the XBR4 and the high-def players, particularly the HD DVD variety (they may be obsolete for high-def, but that is not why you want one), now may be the time to investigate and invest. When the Academy considers Oscars for technical achievement next year, this set should definitely be a candidate.