Well I wanted to wait a month before saying anything about the TV. Before purchasing the TV I looked at Samsungs, Sony, and Panasonics.  I started out looking at LCDs, then LEDs, and ended up with the Plazma.  I will say that after viewing them at the store, all OFF "Vivid", it was a very CLOSE toss up.  The vivid settings are truly an overpowering eye strain that looks great in the store, but at home it is just to much. When I was in the store I asked them to take the same HD CD and play them in the same TVs.  My personal taste was the Panasonic.I have read many professional reviews along with many non professional reviews that all swayed me to my desicion.  It was a VERY difficult decision on which TV to buy.  It actually took me half a year ro make up my mind..... lol...... I am sure if you bought any of the higher end models, I am sure you will be satisfied.My personal results are that Panasonic TV is awesome with HD content and decent on SD.  I can't stress enough that this TV's stongest trait is its HD 1080 quality....... It looks very pristine.  I don't watch much of anything else so it was a perfect match for me.The THX setting on the TV seems to be the best setting FOR ME.  Maybe not you.  This setting seems to be the most accurate (go figure) and yet lets me play around with them a bit.I seriously can't say anything bad about the TV so far.  I have pretty sensitive hearing and I haven't heard any of this buzzing noise that others have mentioned.  I do agree that the LCD's and LED's are brighter, but I have had no regrets with the brightness capability of this TV.  During the day I turn on the C.A.T.S and it brightens it right up. At night I turn it off cause it seems to dimn it a bit to much for my taste. For those that don't know, C.A.T.S adjusts the picture to its surrounding light.3D?  To me it was an added bonus.  I have watched a few movies with it and is pretty cool.  I am sure future televisions and glasses will get better, but for now it is pretty darn cool.Burn in?  What is that?...... lol...... I haven't had any problems with even IR (Image Retention).  No loggo problems or anything like that.  So Far so good.If you purchase this TV I can't see you not liking it.  I would recommend it to anyone.