First thoughts:-> This TV is huge! Also, it's very ascetically appealing. The bevel on the TV gives it a great frame without looking tacky or heavy. One of the major design sells was the blue edge around on the outer edge of the bevel, however it's hard to notice in anything but a highly lit room (why would you have one with a plasma TV?), but I don't care because I didn't buy it for the blue edge.Pros:-> The picture quality on this TV is truly fantastic, and I keep it on THX Cinematic almost all of the time (which makes my life easy). I compared the quality against my roommate's 47" Vizio LCD 1080p TV and as expected the color accuracy and black levels don't even compare. With the same Blu Ray movie playing on both (Lord of the Rings: Fellowship of the Ring) there were times in the Mines of Moria that whole facial expressions were lost to the Vizio that were easily seen on this TV, and it was abhorrently obvious my roommate wanted to seal my TV.-> Viewing angels are great, though I don't often have to worry about it with the swivel stand.-> My old analog stereo system works great with the TV using a simple digital to analog converter I ordered with the TV for $40.-> The see-through stand and design of this TV. From the power indicator lights that only turn on temporarily as to not distract your eye from the TV picture, to the seamless transition from screen to bevel without an indent this TV is just gorgeous. The swivel stand works well, and comes in handy more often than I had expected.Cons:-> The reflection on the screen can be pretty bad. I definitely recommend this TV to cinematic enthusiasts that plan on having darker curtains and if they have a light on it'll have to be something with off-lighting.Other Thoughts:-> I have an analog stereo system, and so I use a digital to analog audio converter that takes the Toslink audio cable from the TV and re-outputs it to my red/white cables for the stereo system. On the last TV the sound system was hooked up to (A Vizio LCD) I had the audio output set as digital and that worked fine, but on this TV that doesn't produce any sound. Setting the audio output as analog fixes this issue, odd... but it works and sounds great so I'm not going to worry about it.