I have had a JVC 32" CRT (analog) television for nearly seven years, it was the top rated TV at the time and I was happy with it. With everything going digital, however, I decided to upgrade my home theater set up; I have also had DISH network for seven years and wanted to take advantage of their HD content. Therefore, I started doing ALOT of research on TVs, receivers, DVD players, etc.What concerned me was that I watch tons of old, black and white movies and reviews kept talking about contrast, black levels, and backlighting making it seem that an LCD would be all washed out and black wouldn't be black and you wouldn't be able to discern details in the shadows. Well, it appears, at least in my mind, that the majority of these reviews are written by videophiles who have nothing better to do than sit around with a light meter and take readings all day long and try to find something wrong when there is nothing wrong. This LCD displays my black and white films with great clarity, with blacks that are black, and details quite discernible in the shadows. I couldn't be happier.I chose this LCD because it met the space requirements for my entertainment unit, because it had a non-glare screen (being in a pretty bright room), and it had great reviews, especially for the contrast(black) levels. Also, I went to Best Buy and compared it against other models and it outshone all of them and was on a level with Sony. The HD content is stunning--I can't wait till this is the norm. Also, it's good to now be able to take advantage of widescreen format without cropping the picture and squinting to make out details. I had bought only widescreen format DVDs for years, knowing this day was coming.There have been a couple of times that an old movie will occasionally look like a paint by number painting, but the original print was obviously not in the best shape. This has been rare. Also, some network broadcasts don't look great on close inspection--and I suppose this is what the "experts" keep carping about--but, by and large, I have not regretted my decision one bit. DVDs look great, DISH network is great, games on a Wii are great, some other broadcasts look fair to good--therefore, the consensus points to 5 stars.