I looked at half a dozen 1080p true HDTVs in October 2005 before settling on the KDS-R50XBR1 (the 50" little brother to this TV).  I am thrilled with the picture quality, especially after fine-tuning the Brightness, Contrast, Picture, and RGB balance settings using the Avia calibration DVD.  Especially on true HDTV 1920x1080 sources, this TV has an absolutely outstanding picture!  In fact, it's more like watching a film or looking out a window than a mere television picture.  The SXRD picture is liquid smooth and silky with no screen door effect or harsh "graininess" you see in competing technologies such as DLP, LCD, and even plasma.One important note: If you are debating between the 50" and 60" models, you should know that both models use the same 120 watt bulb.  With the 60" model having approximately 20% more screen surface area to light up, that translates to approximately a 20% dimmer picture than the 50 inch model.  (If you ask me, it's not a "bright" idea to use the same bulb wattage for two projection TVs of different sizes, but I guess it keeps manufacturing costs down.)Compare the two models side by side on the same HDTV content (I did) and you'll see a marked difference in the vividness of the whites and bright colors.  The KDS-R50XBR1 50" really "pops" (like looking out the window on a sunny day); whereas the KDS-R60XBR1 60" looks merely average in the brightness department (the overall picture is still excellent, just a bit dimmer).For me, I decided that a smaller screen with a brighter picture was more important than a big screen with a slightly dimmer picture - especially since this TV sits in a daylight room.  Hopefully Sony will correct this oversight in a future SXRD model because the 60" picture is considerably more impressive purely from a size perspective.The pros: Its magnificent picture quality!  SXRD is probably the finest picture you can buy for under $12,000.  It has advanced picture fine-tuning feature for prosumers.  The 50" model has a dazzling bright display that outshines everything I've seen so far.The cons: The side speakers are relatively weak with no bass response (as one would expect from their diminutive size).  They are not detachable, and add a considerable amount of horizontal width to this TV's footprint.  They ought to be made detachable or placed beneath the screen instead at the sides.  Also, there are only 2 HDMI ports.  It is quite conceivable that a person might have 3-4 HDMI devices (Bluray DVD, Playstation 3, Dish Network, Digital Cable, etc.) but most TVs on the market only have 1-2 HDMI ports so this is not unusual.  Daytime viewing is generally very good as long as no direct light hits the TV screen; however, projection TVs still don't seem as bright as the old cathode ray tube (CRT) TVs.