The tv was easy to set up and we got it in a very quick time. This was a purchase for my husband's Christmas and he uses it in the office. I need some expert advice on how to adjust the set so the picture isn't so soft and blurry. It is at factory settings right now. I have tried all the settings that come with the tv but it still has a blurry kind of foggy soft looking picture. I have it connected to our Dish via a satellite antenna cable 75ohm, the required cable. I have tried various ways to get the picture to look sharper without so much blurring around images but it just doesn't work. I have gone into all the controls for resolution, gamma, lightness, sharpness, picture modes, back lighting etc. Nothing resolves this. I also kept it off for several hours because it was cold when it was delivered and I read that sometimes coming from cold to warmth can cause it to be foggy or soft looking. Is it because I don't have an hdmi cable from the Dish receiver to the tv? I don't understand why it isn't as sharp as my old hatachi rear projection 52 inch tv I've had going on 15 years which is hooked up via a DVI cable because it was the first tv to come out with a DVI hookup. I think this is a great little TV especially for the price I paid for it 298.00 including shipping. I just wish I could understand more about how to hook it up to get the best picture. We have the old Hitachi in the family room by the Dish receiver. The Dish receiver has dual tuners and the Dish technician ran an outlet to the office. My husband use to watch TV using the computer with it's built in tuner and watched it using a program we downloaded from the internet. It was soft looking on the computer but I chalked it up to it being a computer thing and the monitor we have. I hope someone has the answers on how to get a better picture because I know this tv is capable of a better picture. I have a new cable on order from Amazon to see if that resolves the problem.  I read all the hookup guides but to have hdmi in the office I would have to have a 100 foot hdmi cable. If I have to do that to get a quality tv picture I will. Please post if you are technically gifted in this area so I can know what to do. Are all LCD TV's blurry when you sit within a certain distance? Just need some good input. Thanks for reading this and for replying if you have some good information.