I was at first skeptical about the brand - Proscan is not the well known name brand and not sure of the picture and quality.  I usually buy big names electronics like Sony, Panasonic, Sharp, Philips etc.. for their quality and reliability...  But I could not pass up the real good sales price at Amazon and I need a good LCD TV for my bedroom.  I was pleasantly surprised at the superior picture quality and clarity of this Proscan 32-inch LCD-TV.  I write very few reviews but the picture and quality of this TV was so good that I have to write this up.I hooked this TV up in my bed room to the standard cable box in normal 480i and the picture quality is superb, of course not as detail as the 1080i or 1080p you get from blu-ray.  I also hooked this up to another HD cable box and the picture was superior.  I purchased another no-name brand 24-inch LED TV also at 1080p resolution and was very disappointed at the picture quality when I hooked it up to the exact same source.  This smaller TV did not produce a good picture with the regular 480i source and the picture looked like a 3D movie without the 3D glasses, with red and green washed out at both sides of the pictures.  I decided to return that TV.This Proscan TV is absolutely a winner.  With the sales price from Amazon, this is an incredible deal - almost too good to be true - but it is TRUE!  The picture is clear, the color of the skin tone is very natural.  The overall color quality of the picture is very smooth and soothing, not too vivid or strong, just like the natural color.  I am very impressed with this TV.  I compared this TV to the picture quality of my main big LCD-TV (Sharp Aquous) and found little difference in the color and quality of the picture.  The sound was good and loud. The earphone volume was a bit weak and I have to turn it all the way up even when it was connected to the external PC speakers.  I wish there were RCA type audio output but this is minor compared to the wonderful quality of the color and picture quality.  2 HDMI inputs are a plus and this is 1080p.  Everything worked.  I did not experience any of the shortcomings stated in other reviews.  In fact, I do not find anything bad about this TV except the weak headphone audio output.  Most of the 32-inch TVs are at 780p but this Proscan is at 1080p.  The blu-ray picture at 1080p was absolutely stunning.  Excellent buy and Amazon shipped it with free super-saving to arrive in just two days!  Can't beat this.  Excellent TV, excellent Amazon service!