After months and months of research I finally went ahead and purchased the 42 inch 720p REGZA.  The reviews here at Amazon and over at AVSForum were all spot on.  This is a great TV and you will not be disappointed.One of the main factors in my decision making process was the need for good Standard Definition programing.  I knew it probably wouldn't look as good as on an older TV, but I was presently surprised by the quality.  Regular Analog channels don't look that impressive...but standard definition digital channels look great.  A little tweaking of the color settings and you'll be very satisfied with the standard definition channels.As far as the HD programming it looks perfect.  One thing I realized after looking at all the models in the showrooms is that once you get your TV home and in your living room, unless you have another one sitting right next to it, you'll be satisfied with the HD picture quality (especially after altering the picture settings).I cannot really speak to the quality of the speakers as I have my TV hooked up to a surround sound system (which I would advise).  I just bought the Pioneer HTP-2900 for $199 and it's worked perfectly.Now for the only negative in the whole review.  The only reason a 5th star wasn't awarded is that my first TV arrived damaged.  I was unable to be home for EagleGL's delivery, so I had my doorman sign for the package.  After arriving home from work I unpacked the TV.  The box was in great condition, as was the outside of the TV.  But once it was plugged in you could see the spiderweb-like crack that filled the screen.I called Amazon and they handled the return without a single issue.  A day after I filed my exchange request I received an email notifying me that the replacement had shipped.  2 days later the replacement was at the shipping hub nearby, but since I couldn't be home during delivery hours I called EagleGL to see if I could pick it up from them there.  They said of course, so I went out and picked up the TV that afternoon.  They helped me examine it for any damage before I signed for it and then loaded it into my truck.Receiving a damaged TV is definitely a huge let down, but Amazon handled the entire return with speed and class.  Every time I spoke with an Amazon rep they apologized countless times about the hassle the defective item has caused. Once again their customer service did not disappoint.Final word: this TV was an excellent purchase.  You'll be hard pressed to find a similar high quality TV for around $1100.