After considerable amount of research I decided to buy this TV, as most of the reviewers on Amazon has pointed out, This TV has the best picture your money can get PERIOD.This TV might not have the latest frills and plethora of unwanted features which most other TVs in the market today, but given for the money you get the BEST Plasma TV in the market.Buy with confidence, this TV is superb, Excellent Picture Quality, Lots of adjustments available for user preferences which most other TVs of this class needs to use Service mode adjustments to get perfect Color and contrast, But this TV right out of the box and factory settings gives you excellent Picture quality.Given the fact that this is a PLASMA Panel, You must follow simple guidelines to make sure that you do not have BURN-in on your display.1. DO NOT watch 4:3 aspect Ratio Material for extended period of time during the initial 150hrs of the Panel's life2. DO NOT play games or display stationary pictures with high contrast for initial 150hrs of the Plasma panel's life.3.  Use the built-in Burn-in protection and correction methods to safeguard your PLASMA panel's life.4. Set the TV to HIGH Energy Saving Mode which reduces contrast and brightness and also save some money on electricity billPROS:1. Excellent HD Picture Quality - Best in its class.2. Built-in TV Tuners have excellent MultiPath rejection and detection for solid stable ATSC reception over the air. Works with Simple Rabbit ear antenna for Local HD channels3. Beautifully designed fits any living room due to it's Glossy Black finish4. Plenty of inputs for all your AV equipments' (3 HDMI and 2 Component + PC input)5. Remembers each AV input's user preference independently.No CONS but just Annoyances:1. Selecting Input sources can be a chore at times as you will have to cycle thru' each input till you get your desired AV equipment, Samsung should have made a menu system to select the input source rather than using the same button repeatedly to select input source.2.  Sound Quality is good, but the volume is low for the size of the TV especially when you watch ATSC content which has 5.1 Surround Sound, This can however be circumvented with an external Home Theater Audio receiver (TV has Optical 5.1 Audio output)3. Picture Quality for some Standard Definition Cable Channel can be grainy unless you tweak the Sharpness and other user settings, but you buy this TV for High Definition content so this is not a big issue.4. Some HDMI inputs are not tweak-able they are fixed and does not have full user settings available in the menu system.SAMSUNG has delivered an excellent product, I am sure you will enjoy your PLASMA TV for a long time. Buy with confidence!Thanks for reading this review.