My family has been considering an HDTV for nearly two years now, and the prices for them have gone down considerably. We felt that it was the right time to jump in and buy one. I did research online and compared a lot of DLPs, LCDs and plasmas sets. We decided against the DLP because of it's size and picture quality at certain angles.We decided to go with plasma and picked up this Samsung set. We got a great price on it and we were really excited about it. We finally get the set home, take it out of the box, set it up, and... nothing. Nothing happens. We plug it in, set up our HD set top box and the TV has no picture! We tried to troubleshoot it but nothing happened. We thought the TV broke en route to our home.We called Samsung's technical support, and they had someone come out to fix it a week later. The repairman came and replaced some part in the TV. Wow, the TV looked great! I watched a concert in HD and watched a football game in HD. Then, the set broke down, 3 hours after being repaired! There were artifacts all over the screen, and the colors became washed out and green. At first, I thought there was an issue with the HD feed. We changed the channels but oddly enough the TV was displaying everything wrong. We called Samsung again and they came back out to repair it. An hour after they left, the same problem came back, but now, a string of pixels in the middle showed as green and red. The TV died again. The repairman came back three times in one day to "fix" it but nothing. We contacted the store where we purchased it and they refunded us and we chose a Panasonic 42" plasma. It arrived today, and it worked out of the box, like it should.Samsung is a reputable brand but I would have second thoughts before buying another Samsung television. We may have just gotten a lemon, but after four repairs, it was unacceptable. I would buy another set. We had a heavy paperweight sitting in our living room for a month and Samsung refused to replace the entire set. Thankfully the store empathized with us and let us get a new TV. This TV was a big headache... buy something else!