The stand arrived in a large box, because it's fully assembled (for the most part).  All you have to do is mount the horizontal bar (to support the adjustable shelf), screw in a couple of support brackets for the horizontal bar, and put the shelf on the bar.  That's it.  This took just a couple of minutes to do.  Overall, the fit and finish is excellent, and the build quality is excellent too.  However, it's rather expensive for what it's worth.  $400 dollars for a TV stand seems high (and $500 that some retailers are charging for it is simply ridiculous).Nevertheless, I'm very happy with it, especially since it's custom made for Mitsubishi DLP TVs; and was, for all intents and purposes, fully assembled (plus shipping was free...that could be upwards of $50-100 right there).  I highly recommend this as a good investment for the Mitsubishi 73" home theater TV's that this stand was designed for.  Besides, if you consider all the other stands out there, I found it rather difficult to find a good one that would even hold a TV of this size...most seem to be designed for 65" or less LCD's.  So this may be one of the few choices available for a TV 73" or larger.  Still a good pick, however.On a related note, I considered using one of the TV setup and installation services Amazon advertises...$100 for TV setup, and furniture assembly for an additional $99. I'm glad I didn't consider this, because there was really nothing to assemble furniture-wise, and I asked the driver about TV setup (I just purchased the TV today, because I wanted to have time to setup the stand for it first)...he said they typically unbox it, and place it on the stand for you (but no hookups, picture adjustments, etc).  If you're technically-inclined (there typically isn't much to hooking up AV equipment, unless you have an overly-complex theater setup), and can spend an hour or two adjusting the TV's picture to your liking, then you can save the $218 over using the hookup and furniture assembly service.