Received my Panasonic Viera TC-p60GT30 yesterday, bought from Amazon (not from another retailer through Amazon). Delivery guys were excellent, very careful and helpful.  No damage to packaging, and had the guys open the box just to make sure the glass panel wasn't cracked (I had read in reviews that this can happen sometimes). This afternoon set up the TV and connected to cable and PS3 and turned it on. Slight hum for about 10 seconds, and then nothing.  Power light would blink 7 times and then pause and 7 more times in a repeating fashion. Unplugged and waited several minutes, then plugged into the wall outlet instead of the power strip.  Same thing.  Called Panasonic. After 10 minute wait, got a service person.  He had me unplug from outlet, unhook the cable and PS3, plug into a different wall outlet,and then retry.  Same thing.  His response was contact whoever you bought it from or we can give you a service number and we can repair it.LUCKILY...I bought it from Amazon.  I had read in the reviews where Amazon was great at taking defective one's back, but some people had trouble with other vendors when bought through Amazon.  I contacted Amazon, and they answered within seconds, and in a matter of a few minutes, after checking whether I wanted a refund or a replacement, told me my replacement TV would be here in 1 week and the delivery guys would pick up the other set at that time.I am obviously worried about the next one being bad, but thought I'd give Panasonic one more shot. Here's what really bothered me.  The service guy did not ask for my serial number.  I asked him why, and he said he only would need that if I was returning it for service.  I said if I was running Panasonic, I would want the serial number to track problems and see if I had a production line issue that needed to be corrected.  He said he would take the serial number if I wanted, but he wouldn't do anything with it because there was no company direction to do anything with it.I will add a review after the next one comes.Dave Cowger, Hollidaysburg, PA