Echoing several reviewers of the LNS3241D, I too held out on taking the HD plunge until purchasing this item. Simply put, I was waiting for: a) a more digestable price point for an HD set, and b) better functionality than earlier HD models. The Samsung LSN3241D certainly delivers on both accounts.Picture-wise, the LNS3241D is a stunner. Comparing nearly 10 similar units at a local Best Buy left the LNS3241D as the clear (pun intended) winner in this area. The 3000:1 contrast ratio goes a long way over competitors in the 700:1 and 800:1 range. Brightness and color spectrum contrasts are clear, in-program text a pleasure on the eyes (a must for sports programming). Related and for what its worth, I did not, however, perceive any immediate difference between Samsung's 3000:1 and 4000:1 contrast ratio sets (despite significant price point disparities.Warning: to truly maximize this unit, be prepared to spend hundreds dollars more on a TDMI cable. This expense + a wall mounting bracket (another $60-100 tab), however, proved well worth the money for HD programming (via Time Warner Cable with an TDMI output on their box). Only a few weeks in I admittedly and already feel deprived on standard programming channels, although 1080i mode gives these channels a nice boost.Audio in HD programming -- thanks to the TDMI cable -- is likewise crisp and rich. Worth noting, however, is that at 1/3rd volume levels some popping occurs through the TV's speakers. The much lauded Samsung sound system is solid but no Sony WEGA technology in this area (arguably the WEGA line's greatest asset).Second, the LNS3241D -- via a Time Warner, Scientific Atlanta HD DVR cable box -- has one critical flaw worth noting: it is incapable of intelligently resizing standard programming into widescreen. Be prepared to watch these channels in standard squares (vs. widescreen) with black bars sorrounding the frame. Zooming into widescreen mode (to overcome this flaw) distorts the picture, not recommended for detail-phobics [such as myself].Putting these flaws into perspective, however, the LNS3241D is a steal from a price versus feature perspective. Sharp (beautiful  picture) and Magnavox (nice all-around set) units can be had at comparitive price points, but both lack the functionality, technological compatibility, and quality control Samsung offers. This is not to say I wouldn't have loved a Sony WEGA; simply not worth -- in my opinion -- the 20-30% higher base price for this line.The subject header says it all for me. At this price and for my needs -- a mid-range, robust HD set -- the LNS3241D is a winner.