I bought this tv to replace my bedroom tv, which was previously a 32" LG. The color on this TV is very vibrant and bright and has nice picture all in all.The 2d->3d feature is borderline useless. It adds very little depth at the cost of brightness, clarity, and sharpness. The 3d feature itself is nice, however I have yet to watch an actual 3d Blu-Ray movie on it due to the limited selection presently. The only actual 3d supported media is with Black Ops and Killzone 3 (both ps3 games) and on those it adds a very nice 3d effect, but once again i find it more of a novelty as it doesnt actually help you in any way shape or form and just ends up tiring out my eyes, but still a nice feature.The 240hz reduces motion blur alot more but doesnt get rid of it completely. It is leaps and bounds better than my old 60hz LG and 120hz Samsung however. (I had a side by side comparison with my LG and Samsung watching the Masters)The picture options were plentiful and allows you to change all the hues and colors to your liking.  The remote is sorta cheap (arent they always?) but it gets the job done. It is missing a profile button on the remote though (the button that changes from Standard, Cinema, Custom, Vivid etc...) and I find it annoying to go into the menu everytime to change it. (I like to play games on a higher brightness than when watching TV).I do wish the power cord was independent of the TV but thats not really a big concern.The slim frame of the TV is very nice and looks amazing if you hang it on the wall. The IPS Panel is very glossy and gets dirty VERY easily (fingerprint/dust magnet). I find this TV very glare resistant too, much more so than my old LG. The auto brightness calibrator is very good too, especially at night.On a side note I also use to TV as my laptop monitor since my laptop has hdmi out and initially there was no sound and i had to update my VIDEO card drivers to get sound back. So if you have that problem try updating as this is a really new TV Model. (4/15/2011)All in all for the $1044 its totally worth it and a fantastic 3d TV.