I picked this TV up in April 2007 and viewed it in 480p ("enhanced definition") by upconverting my DirecTV signal through my Panasonic DMR ES-10 DVD recorder.  Viewed straight on, the picture was pleasing and sharp, and the colors vivid.  From an angle, the picture became fuzzy but I was impressed enough to keep the TV and make the leap into the world of flat screen TV.Two days ago, I had DirecTV's high def DVR installed and connected it to the TV with spectacular results.  The colors and clarity on Miami CSI blew me away, and when watching baseball you can see every drop of sweat, every pore, and even the faces in the crowd are distinct.  With the new high def receiver/DVR (which receives local digital and standard definition broadcasts as well), all signals look great, even standard def, from ALL viewing angles.  That's key, because the quantity of high def programming is still somewhat limited to selected sports, local news and many prime time shows and movies.  In fact, the standard def and digital broadcasts look far better than on my brother's high def SONY flat screen and the high def looks just as good.For an apartment, bedroom or office, this TV simply can't be beat at this price.  My only reservations are the average sound (which can be output to a powered 2.1/5.1 system if you need to add bass) and limited inputs (1 HDMI, 1 component, 1 component/VGA).  I have my laptop hooked into the VGA input, and its great to see my digital photos leap to life on the 32" screen.  I also recommend that you take the time to learn how to manipulate the aspect ratios on the TV as well as the use of formatting/native/non-native resolution settings that are part of your cable or satellite receiver.  Making slight adjustments will ensure the best possible picture, but if you're not into such tinkering the "out of the box" picture is excellent in its own right.  The on-screen menus do take some getting used to, but if you are basically comfortable with technology and video equipment, you'll pick it up fast enough.  Overall, an amazing value and a great entry point TV for any high-res TV fan.  At this price, it makes a lot of sense to go for it!