I read in the online reviews that LG had the lowest priced LED backlit HDTVs, and I also read they were some of the highest quality LCD Tvs on the market- probably second to Samsung.  So I knew this is what I was looking for.As others have pointed out, it was packed very well and delivered flawlessly.  It has a large bezel around the TV so it has a rather large footprint for a 42" TV.  And it has good sound for a TV, so good that an external soundbar would probably be a waste.It has a number of features you wouldn't think about a TV having:-XD Engine to upscale lower definition video to look better on your high definition TV-"Smart Volume" Auto Volume Leveler for those jarring commercial breaks-"True voice" makes voice dialog more crisp sounding-Dolby Digital 5.1 decoder with ability to downmix it for the TV's 2 integrated (and hidden) speakersLast, but not least, this TV is THX certified for high picture quality.  Only a handful of TVs are THX certified.As [...] puts it: "THX certified displays are tested to ensure they meet or exceed specifications in two areas. One is picture quality--device performance, in THX's words--and includes minimum specs for things like black levels, contrast, color gamut, brightness, resolution and uniformity. The other is "signal" (or video) processing, which includes things like sharpness, noise reduction, overscan, motion compensation and deinterlacing. All certified TVs are tested to make sure they meet or exceed minimum standards."As [...] puts it: "Inside THX's test lab, we observed their array of test signals and procedures. In addition to the legacy test signals we and other reviewers use to evaluate HDTVs, THX created some of their own patterns.  THX tests signal processing, deinterlacing, color points, black levels and white levels among others criteria. They perform additional testing of display properties that are generally too time consuming or require special test equipment the HD Guru and our fellow reviewers don't possess."My personal test of whether a TV is high quality or not is while looking at them in the store some of them will have a pixelated, blocky look to the picture when looking up close.  This one doesn't.  The picture is as sharp up close as it is from far back.  The only negative I can think of is that it doesn't turn on instantly.  It takes about 20 seconds to boot up and turn on after you have hit the power button.