Picture: Even though HDTV was coming into it's own when this TV was purchased, I had never been exposed to it. My first time viewing a downscaled HDTV image through this set blew me away. The colors are bright and vivid. The contrast ratio is excellent. The set handles fast motion flawlessly, making watching sports fantastic. All this time later, I still watch this tv regularly and it's image is beautiful. That being said, this is an EDTV, not an HDTV. It does not display at a full 720p, but does handle downconverting very well, and delivers very impresssive image quality (Much, much better than my Sylvania 32" LCD TV) The picture, while not rivaling a good HDTV, still blows a 480p set out of the water.Sound: Garbage. It's not good at all. While the volume is adequate, the sound is muddy and monotone. I don't even think it has stereo sound even if it claims to. You will want to hook this set up to an auxiliary sound source.Inputs: It has 2 RCA connections (1 bottom, 1 side) and 2 component video inputs (bottom). These are extremely difficult to access when mounted, and not very easy to access just sitting on the stand. If you're going to hang this TV, plug your wires in first if you can. Notice that I didn't list any HDMI connections. It doesn't have any. I don't think it has an S-Video input, but I'm not sure. I've never used S-video; has anyone? Regardless, you'll need to use the component for best image quality.Reliability: 7 years in, I'd say I'm qualified to comment on this. I've never had an issue with this TV. I've never had a burn in issue (unlike my Samsung 50" plasma, which also had other pixel flickering issues). It performs flawlessly every time I turn it on.Important note: This is a display only. It has no tuner. This will not be an issue if you have cable or a satellite provider, but if you want to watch over the air HDTV, you'll need to purchase a tuner.Appearance of the set itsself: It has extremely thick borders by todays standards. I estimate this 42" TV is as large if not larger than a thin line 47" LED tv. It does look a little dated.In summation; This is a great TV. I can't imagine paying 500 dollars for one at this point (that's what I paid at a black friday sale for mine back in 2006). With the constantly dropping prices on all flat panel TVs, I honestly can't see another one being sold for any use other than business purposes (ads, in building announcements). I'd say it's strongest point is it's all day every day reliability combined with it's bright colorful picture. I simply love mine so much I felt compelled to review it.