I did not purchase this tv from Amazon so I can't review their service (although I have heard good things.)  I purchased mine from Sears, which was a mistake on my part.  If you're going to buy a tv in store then I suggest you go with Best Buy.On to the tv.  It has an excellent picture and pretty good sound for a flat panel.  I'd rate the picture at 5 stars and the sound at 4.  However this tv struggles in other areas.  The reason I returned mine was because of a horrible image retention (screen burn) issue.  Now I'm well aware that plasma tv's are going to suffer from minor image retention but it was over the top on this tv.  I noticed images being burt in from day one.  A week to the day after I purchased it was when it went over the top.  I had it on NFL network for about 15 minutes and then turned on my Xbox 360 and for the rest of the night I could see the NFL symbol in the bottom right corner.  The words "week 10" were also burnt into the left corner.  After reading up on image retention I learned that it usually clears up in a matter of minutes but not with this tv.  Four hours later it was still there when I went to bed.  The next day it was gone but it only took a few minutes for new images to burn in.  The guy at Sears told me that I would have to deal with it with that tv so I took it back.  I'm now getting ready to purchase a Panasonic 3d.As far as the 3d on this tv....not impressive.  After only a few minutes my eyes felt tired and I really just wanted to switch back to 2d.  The 2d to 3d convert was nothing special either.  I went to Best Buy to check out the Panasonic because of the good reviews I had read and WOW....it completely blows Samsung's 3d out of the water.  It's so much more clear and smooth.  It doesn't strain your eyes either.  It actually feels like 3d in a movie theater instead of a cheap 3d like with Samsung.So all in all this tv has a good 2d picture with unimpressive 3d.  The sound is pretty good on this set as well.  If you don't care about 3d then this may be a good set.  I wouldn't trust buying another one after the screen burn issues I had.