I'd been looking for 42-inch LCD television for a while before I finally settled on this model. My price range was about $500-600, and I couldn't pass this model up when I saw it for $550 on Amazon. As soon as I got it, I popped in a DVD produced by George Lucas' studio Lucasfilm and used their video calibration tool to calibrate the TV, and I must say it looks great. A lot of these TVs come preset with some pretty harsh settings, so it's really a must to tone down the brightness and color a bit.But for the money, this TV had all the features I wanted. It's 1080p, 120 hz and has a 100,000:1 contrast ratio. With the new LED televisions coming out recently, you can get an LCD television for a great price -- and I'd say they still look great.One feature that is a must for an HDTV that LG surprisingly doesn't mention on this model is 1:1 pixel mapping. What this does is ensure your television gets you every single pixel the input device -- whether it's digital cable, a DVD player or your computer via HDMI. Many televisions will overscan the picture by default, meaning it "crops" the image you see by about 5 percent then stretches or scales it back out to fit the screen. What this does it distort the image in addition to cutting out a portion of your picture -- this is particularly annoying with football and other sports where the score is listed at the bottom. Under aspect ratio, select the "Just Scan" option, and you're set. It's not available on analog input devices like cable television via a coaxial cable, though, for obvious reasons.When I was looking at this TV, there was a lot of discussion about the TruMotion feature. What this does is artificially increase the frame rate to (hopefully) give you a smoother picture with less blur during fast scenes. It's really a matter of opinion whether you use it or not. I use it for football games and other sports where the camera shots change often and there's a fast pace of motion. But if you have this on during a DVD or a cable broadcast, you'll notice everything looks like a soap opera and artificially rendered.All in all, this is an amazing TV for the price. The picture is great when calibrated properly, it has all the HDMI inputs you'll need (three) and has great features. I bought a three-year warranty from SquareTrade for about $75, and they guarantee to refund the purchase price if anything goes wrong. All this considered, I expect this TV to last me a long time.