Owned for 2 months now and for the price I cannot complain too much. Have my laptop, Playstation, and CATV plugged into it.  Let me start out with the units contast. Contrast, though more like a 550 ratio not 750, is pretty good except in the darker images and scencs.  Played around the the brightness, backlight and contrast adjustments to try to bring out the darker images but could not.  If its kinda dark it might as well be Very Dark.  Unit is not good in showing the variances in darkness.<br />The units color saturation is very good almost vibrant. are Brightness levels are not a problem; even if you have sunlight shining through a window.  The biggest thing that bothers me about this set are the settings for Aspect Ratio.<br />Native on this is 16x10 not 16x9.  This is not really a problem as many other set are this way.  The problem lies with when a Wide screen DVD is played.  If you use the 16x10 widescreen setting is makes the picture seem strecthed extra wide. In this setting you can still see the 2 black bars on the top and bottom.  I hate this because I feel the reason for buying a wide screen tv was to avoid this. If I switch it to 4x3 aspect ration the picture now is even smaller.  The horizontal black bars are now joined by 2 vertical bars on the left and right making the picture seems like it is comming out of a 17 inch screen.  The last setting is ZOOM for aspect viewing ratio.  The nice thing about this settings, i now feel that I'm looking at the full 27 inch screen.  There are no more black bars on the top, bottom or sides.  But the problem here is that is zooms it too far.  Picture is lost or chopped off of the sides and the top and bottom. The only other thing is the proccessor speed in the unit is very slow.  It takes a long time to move between your different sources, CATV, VGA, DVI, and S-video.  Also going in and out of PIP mode is also a lengthy transition.  Otherwise the rest of the unit is fine.  Remote control problem fixed. I can aim the remote at the wall opposite the TV and the remote still works.