The TV is great, 52 inches is huge.  Motionflow looked very strange at first but I've gotten used to it and prefer it for movies.  The best way I can describe motionflow is like when you are driving and you focus on one particular thing like a road sign or a car for a moment.  That object you focus on stays clear despite how fast it's moving while everything around it gets blurry.  Motionflow acheives the same effect.  It focuses on the subject of the scene and keeps it sharp while everything else moves around it.  Motionflow is a bit unlike your eye in one regard.  Your eye keeps the thing you are focusing on in the center of your vision.  Motionflow keeps the subject of the scene sharp as it moves across the screen.  The difference (that the in focus thing is not in the center of the field of view) can be a bit jarring at first.I've had the TV for about 3 weeks and have had no show stopping issues with it.  The TV is hooked up to a receiver for audio.  I have an HD TV signal coming in through component and bluray coming in via HDMI.  I had to mute the volume on the TV itself to stop it from occasionally popping up the message "Audio switching to external source".  I tried using Bravia sync over HDMI but it did not seem to do much but confuse my receiver (it's a sony receiver and it's bravia compatible).  While Bravia sync was on my receiver would sometimes not turn on or switch inputs.  Perhaps I could've gotten the Bravia sync feature to do something useful if I'd read some manuals but it didn't seem like it was worth the hassle.  I still am not sure what Bravia sync is supposed to do.I watched the Harry Potter movies and Fast and Furious in Bluray, they looked great.  When I signed up for Fios I got three free months of HBO.  HBO in HD looks fantastic.  The tv is a huge step up from my 32 inch Westinghouse that has some dead pixels in a line down the right side of the screen.No matter how big you are you'll want the help of another person to help you move the TV.  I'm 6'6" and I couldn't wrap my arms around it to pick it up.  It's not heavy it's just bulky, unwieldy, and too expensive to drop.  You can pick it up by the bottom of the screen and lean the screen on your body but I don't recommend it because while doing so you won't be able to see where you're going.