just got this yesterday with the free glasses and 5900 3d player. I also purchased the usb wireless unit. the performance of this set is just outstanding. I had to set it up using my onkyo home theater system so it took a little over 1.5 hours. I have an older theater system that only supports 1.3 HDMI. so wiring the HDMI cables from the cable box and the DVD player directly from the devises to the TV and using optical cables from the devises to the home theater works perfect. if I sent the HDMI thru the theater sys I would get 1080i and directly to the TV, 1080p. the unit is just gorgeous, the cables are easily accessible because the unit can swivel to give easy access. the wireless hookup was very easy all I needed was my security key and there you are. downloaded the newest firmware to my usb from my computer then plugged into the TV it auto installed. the online software all downloaded without a hitch. without any problem recognized my 2 other computers and accessed them with no problem. okay so how is the 3D, well thru the Blue Ray it is just like the theater experience. But you can also watch any program whether a DVD movie or any TV program in 3D. I would recommend to chg the 3D settings though, for 3D DVD set the 3D to 0,1,-1 for non 3D DVD and TV programs set it to 8, to give a more pronounced effect. I chged many picture setting as was recommended on various review sites to make a more pleasing pic. Plasma is the best set for 3D viewing, 600hz as opposed to 240 for LED and LCD, .1ns response time/ 5 for LCD,LED and better blacks. the glasses take batteries and I read many folks wanting rechgable ones because of the battery expense. well just buy the Duracell batteries online for about 60 each and the 60 dollar price difference on each pair is easily not economically justified. the wireless setup is I believe is not fast enough for good performance, have not really tested it yet but a video file being played from my computer to the TV was buffering allot. I have purchased but not receive yet the Cisco Powerline PLK300-RM Adapter Kit. plug into a wall socket by the cable modem, plug 2nd unit with 4 ports by the TV and  it uses the home wiring to receive internet access , plus you can have internet access for you gaming consoles. the powerline reviews are pretty good and hopefully will be faster and more reliable than wireless. well hope this was helpful.