We did lots of research before finally deciding on this particular tv, and we could not be happier with our selection.  The picture quality is outstanding.  We are very happy with the LED edge lighting.  It has a sensor to determine ambient light and adjusts the strength of the backlight accordingly, which should save a lot of electricity over the lifespan of the tv.  The sound quality is decent, though I expect we'll be investing in a Surround Sound home theater system in the near future.  Setup was very easy.  All user interfaces are very intuitive.  The user is able to make many, many adjustments to the picture, though to be honest we were anxious about messing things up so we left everything on the "Home" default setting.  This tv integrated flawlessly with our Samsung Blu-Ray player allowing everything to be controlled with the tv remote.  We also love that this tv is networked-- we use the Netflix and Pandora apps on a daily basis.A major selling point of this tv for us was the aesthetics of the very slim design, and we were not disappointed.  This unit is THIN!  The graphite-colored frame around the LCD screen is also quite narrow, and a thin, clear acrylic band runs around the entire frame-- a classy touch that does not show up well in photos of the unit.  We also are very happy with the stand.  Its chromed X shape is different than most stands which are a flat black plastic pedestal, and we are very pleased with the way it looks.Overall, an excellent tv, and we highly recommend it.A note on the service from Amazon.com:  We were initially a little reluctant to make such a large purchase from an online retailer.  And our fears almost came true... the first unit shipped to us had a factory defect (the tv would forget all settings every time we turned it off, requiring us to go through the Plug-and-Play menu and channel scan every time we turned on the set... irritating!  Samsung tech support was stumped by the problem, though they did offer to send a repairman out to take a look at it, which would be covered by the 1 year factory warranty).  We declined Samsung's offer of the repairman, and called amazon.com customer support instead.  They instantly recognized the problem, apologized for the inconvenience, and shipped a new set to us immediately.  The delivery man dropped off the replacement set and took away the defective one at the same time.  The new tv works great, and our customer experience with amazon could not have been any more positive!