Excellent LCD TV.  Setup is easy, aesthetics are good, picture quality is fantastic, and the menus are intuitive.  I bought the WiFi adapter and it works flawlessly.  Setting up the network connection was very easy (I am not techy at all and it was only a few simple steps).A few specific points to make:The base is wobbly side to side (which is better than being wobbly front to back I suppose).  If you don't have small children running around who may knock the TV, it shouldn't be an issue.  But it makes me nervous everytime I have to move the TV stand or the TV itself.TruMotion: The standard picture rate is only 60 Hertz.  This is the appropriate setting for most regular television shows.  You have this setting as long as the TruMotion setting is "OFF" in the picture menu.  If you turn the TruMotion setting "ON", whether it is low, medium, high, or custom, regular programs look different.  The refresh rate of the picture is increased and gives the program a look of being rushed.  Some have said it looks "soap-opera-like."  The definition of the picture is not increased at all (still 1080p), but the refresh-rate makes action appear smoother, which distorts the image for regular shows.  To enjoy normal programming, make sure the TruMotion setting is "OFF."That said, if you are watching sporting events, the difference between full TruMotion and no TruMotion is striking.  I always set it to its highest settings when watching sporting events. Because it's live and unstaged, you don't get the same weird feel that you get with regular shows. Edges are crisp, motion is clear, and the overall picture is almost breathtaking.  It makes all the difference in the world.  It means going into the picture menu manually to change back and forth, but it is absolutely worth it.Netflix: The Netflix streaming feature is absolutely worth the price of the Wi-Fi adapter (that is sold separately).  I watch Netflix on the TV almost as much as regular broadcasts.  It is intuitive, clear, convenient, and the picture and sound quality are phenomenal.  Absolutely one of the best features of the TV.I would absolutely recommend this product.  Others may have more "apps" or other bells and whistles, but in terms of pure picture quality, intuitiveness, and specific convenient features, you'd be hard pressed to find a better option than this one, especially at this low price.