This set became the focal point of an all-new theatre system to replace one of the first DLP 1080p Sammys, with a 5.1 Infinity surround, from about 5 years ago we had done.Being an old Stereo Review go from many moons ago, I decided to take the plunge into a full 3D, yada-yada, state-of-the-art system.  So, we were looking for 3D, best picture, a fully flush, built-in and customized system for full theatrical effect, that would work take full advantage in the intended environment.I looked at -all- of the sets around, including the latest LED/LCD 55-65 inch, but the plasma just simply looked so much better (and at a lesser price) for the lower ambient light environment in which it to be was installed.This set was has met all expectations.  We went with the 58 inch (vs. the 63, based on $700 price difference for just a bit bigger screen), for some value.  Having said that, we did do a full wall/ceiling mounted 7.1 surround (Yamaha RX-V667, Polk RC 65I/RC80I/RC85I, Infinity subwoofer, Infinity center.)  We added the Logitech 1100 remote with RF so as to completely hide the electronics.  All you see is the set with carefully placed and hidden speakers, and with no visible wiring.  (I did all the myself, being the geek I am - we ended up with what I believe to be a 20K system for about 6K.)The system is in a basement.  We also have a 5.1 Sammy/Yammy upstairs (52 in. LCD - we did that because of much more external light - which works better in a brighter room, but sports and the like is much better in the new system.)There is -none- of the "buzz" associated with plasmas I've read about in the past.We went through several ultra-flush-mounted wall brackets.  We ran into problems where the mounts were simply too close to the wall to be practical, including the "picture-frame" mounting system recommended by Samsung (don't waste your time, or money.)  I would recommend not getting too hung up on 0.3 inch vs. 0.7, or the like.  The third bracket we tried (about 0.8) was perfect.  The set is very closely mounted, and practical, giving both the flush-mounted effect and being able to get the cables into the set without putting undo stress on the wiring.  Even if you are not mounting the set, the provided pedestal is very attractive, and I'm sure would do a wonderful job.The 3D effect is outstanding.  We have about all of the 3D source you can get to date (multiple IMAXs, Christmas Carol, etc.), and it is extemely impressive.  Even the 2D to 3D conversion the set provides is solid.Enjoy.