I made my decision to buy this model based on the rave reviews on Amazon, and the demo I saw in the store almost brought down my knees. :)Anyway, after the initial excitement, I've come to realize that it is not the best on the market, or there isn't one out there yet.The biggest draw of this model, at least when it sits side by side with other brands, is its big contrast, the vivid picture is so amazing for people who are used to the old tubes. It really stands out in the demo room. Also the price range is so much more appealing than Sony's.However it needs some improvement for sure.1) The regular analog channels are almost unbearable to watch due to poor upconverting capability. Same thing happens to my dvd players (yes, I have 4 of them), I just can't stand the picture quality. I observed the picture quality on another brand, which is 720p, the resolution doesn't lose that much.2) This model has 3 picture mode, Dynamic, Standard and Movie. Dynamic is great for the sports but sometimes it gives this sort of white out feeling for the regular programs. Movie is way too dark comparing to the other two modes, the screen turns into this yellow milky color, the day light in movies looks like late afternoon (btw, I tried the combinations posted on the forum for movie mode, sorry, didn't work for me), so I think this mode is useless. Standard is probably the practical one.3) The source list selection (to choose TV, VCR, DVD, set box etc.) is a pain. My friend has a Bravia, he presses one button on remote to show all sources on the screen and pick one to switch. For this Samsung, I either have to press the source list button to go through all possible sources one by one sequentially or press menu->input->source list-> right key-> up or down key several times to pick the source I desire. Okay for me, but probably too difficult for mom and pa!4) The viewing angle is great, but the color is slightly off when not viewing it within 10 degrees or so.5) The built-in speaker is a joke. When I turn it up over 15, it sounds like the speaker is going to crack. Hooked up audio output to my receiver right away, but I feel sorry for people who don't have a stereo system.6) As mentioned in my review for Samsung BD-P1400 blu-ray player, the TV remote can not be programmed to control the blu-ray, which is a shame.Overall I think this is a decent LCD TV for first time buyers, but it could've been better in many ways.