I shopped for a small set for the kitchen at Walmart and found this to have the best picture of the bunch in the size range.  The first unit I brought home had a menu glitch where it would go haywire and even block out access to the action of the physical buttons along the top of the TV.  This may have been due to a software glitch, or in retrospect, it might have been due to me laying the TV down along the control panel surface to install the cabling (which awkwardly direct downward).  This problem also took a few days to pop up and may have coincided with me programming my DirecTV remote to control the TV.  I'm still not sure.  In any event, there was no way to address this myself (resetting the unit and calling Philips did not result in a solution), so I returned it.  The replacement has given me no issues.As of now I'm not running an HD signal into the unit, but it does a nice job with the standard DirecTV signal.  My impression from the HD signal in Walmart was that this TV looked exceptional, and I have a very discerning eye for artifacts, hues, etc.  In fact, it looked as good as many of the better HDTV sets in larger sizes.Overall the unit looks great.  It has a nice glossy black border reminiscent of Samsung models and has a sturdy glass base that is very sharp.I have noticed the slight "haze" or backlight leakage that a few have noted, but to me it's not a deal breaker or really all that noticable.  I do notice it because I notice most defects in even the best HDTVs, but it's hardly worth knocking the set down significantly, and most won't even notice.The sound is about what you'd expect from a small TV. It's serviceable, but not great.  I presume that most people don't buy a TV to have wonderful internal speakers, so I don't think this is all that noteworthy.  If you want superior, rich sound, simply buy a set of amplified speakers.  Since this sits in my kitchen, I think the speakers are more than sufficient.As to input connectivity, there is basically one of everything:  HDMI, component, S-video, VGA, and composite.  Yes, it could be better, but I can't imagine this is anyone's primary set running numerous HD inputs, so I found it to be sufficient for running an HD satellite signal.I think many reviews have too high of expectations, so in this case I look at the set in terms of value and function.  For a smaller set that will function as a gaming/bedroom/kitchen unit, it's ideal.  Sure it has minor faults, but I don't believe there is an HD option at 19" that doesn't.