I spent a good while researching and comparing HDTV's in stores for a while before deciding this Samsung was the one I wanted.  The CC I bought it from had cable TV hooked up and showed many different programs on ALL the TV's and you could get a good side by side comparison with the Sony models etc...  This Samsung kept jumping out at me because of it's CRISP picture.  They put on the Yankees game in High Def and it was breathtaking (As Dr Evil would say) how clear and awesome the picture was.  Can't wait for Football and then my NY Rangers to get back on the Ice this fall!Then they put on the the movie "Cars" by Pixelar on an HD channel... and once again this TV looked so vibrant and crystal clear I was blown away.  There were a few HDTV's I kept comparing and this LNT34061F model kept winning the battles imo... especially since it was much cheaper than the Sony 40 inch 1080p models... and had a better picture!Then they put on the Indy 500 and once again the picture was incredible.  At that point I was sold on this TV and bought it on Sale.  After getting it home and setting it up (which was easy as all can be)... and hooking up the game consoles... Xbox 360, Nintendo Wii and PS2... it was time for the real test and to see how the systems and games looked.  And I'm happy to say the TV passed once again with flying colors!  Even the PS2 games looked good on this TV.  The Wii games looked great... and the 360 games looked spectacular.  Also, I never noticed any lag time whatsoever between controller actions to TV screen action... which is what some gamers have talked and complained about on some HDTV's.  I think the newer HDTV's like this one have solved the lag problem.My next purchase must be a PS3 once I can afford one later this year sometime hopefully... to really take advantage of the the TV's 1080p stuff from the Blu Ray player in the PS3.As far as the Standard def channels go... they look good through by HD Cable Box... but light years away from what the HD Channels look like.  I think that's the problem with HDTV's in general... there just aren't enough HD Channels yet! Let's go already!  But let's face it... your buying an HDTV to watch HD stuff most of the time... and this model gets it's done Big Time!  I find using the "Stretch" view on Standard Def channels makes them more fun to watch.One last thing if you have a HDMI input on your Cable box.... get a "Monster" HDMI cable to run to the TV.  It's a bit pricey compared to lesser brands... but you'll be glad when you see the quality picture it delivers.  I swear by MONSTER Cables.Hope that review Helped!