I've had my TV for about two months now and I have no complaints.  I was a little skeptical about ordering such an expensive piece of equipment through the mail, but with the Amazon price being so much lower than the big box stores and having heard testimonials from others, I decided to chance it.  Not only did the TV arrive in one piece with no defects, it arrived a week sooner than anticipated.  The shipping company even called me at work to schedule all the details of the delivery!  On to the TV itself.  I did quite a bit of research before purchasing the Samsung LNS3251D, including stops at several stores to compare the various models.  I also spent many hours reading reviews on the Web.  There are LCDs that are much cheaper (and few that are more expensive), but I was immediately drawn to the Samsung because of its overall aesthetics.  Yes, the picture quality was great, but let's be honest: to a casual observer like me, there's not really a noticeable difference between the Samsung and its higher-end competitors (e.g. Sony).  For someone coming from a lifetime of standard def, they all looked amazing.  So you really have to make your decision on the way the TV makes you feel.  Remember, your new TV is going to sit (or hang) in your living room or bedroom for many years to come.  You wouldn't want to buy an expensive painting and then hang it in a cheap frame, would you?  The Samsung was by far the most visually appealing to my eyes.  I currently have mine on a TV stand, but it would look equally good mounted on the wall.  It really is like a work of art.  Now, I don't play video games and I am not a huge movie buff, so I'll leave the discussion of the pros and cons of the Samsung's features in that regard to the other reviewers.  I bought my TV primarily for watching sports, and I have not been disappointed (football, baseball, golf, basketball, hockey -- they're all amazing to watch in high def).  Some of the night games look a little dark and grainy on the TV, but if you play around with the brightness feature on the remote you can usually make it look pretty good.  There is no ghost effect.  The sound is nothing special but perfectly adequate for my needs.  As others have noted, the TV takes a few seconds to turn off an on, but that's such a minor annoyance its almost not even worth mentioning.  So, if you're in the market for a mid-sized LCD, I would highly recommend this model.