First, before i get into the TV itself, a few words on my experience with Amazon and Eagle Shipping.  For such a large purchase  my experience with the Amazon sales staff was nothing short of spectacular.  I purchased this TV well over a month ago and as many of you know during the initial 30-days if the price drops you can request the difference from Amazon.  Well, during my 30-days the price dropped on 3 separate occasions. In each instance the Amazon staff where more than happy to refund those amounts to my credit card with no questions whatsoever. And in each case i received the refund witin 5 business days. Simply great!Regarding Eagle shipping, I know many have written about their bad experiences with them but i have to disagree.  Five days after i ordered my TV i received a call from Eagle.  They set up an appointment for a couple of days and told be to expect the delivery between 9am-3pm which was not a big deal. At 11:45am the driver rings my doorbell and is very polite and brings in my TV.  This TV was for my bedroom which is on the top floor so the delivery man brought it up 3 sets of stairs straight in the bedroom.  He was willing to hook it up and everything but my new bedroom furniture had not arrived so he simply opened the package and checked the contents with me to make sure there where no damages to the set.  There wasn't so i accepted the delivery and he was on his way.  He was extremely professional and the overall experience was fantastic so kudos to Eagle Shipping!Now the TV itself!!! WOW! What a picture!I am a huge sports fan and i cannot believe the clarity in the picture.  I have been researching HD sets for well over 6 months now and had settled on the LN-T4065F when i saw the spec sheet for this TV so decided to wait.  And it was well worth it.  Ever since this TV arrived, i've had a huge grin on my face everytime i was a show.  The 3 HDMI inputs is fantastic because i can use my HD cable box, up-convert DVD player, and PlayStation 3 using just 3 cables to reduce the clutter.  Blu-Ray movies and the PS3 games are simply phenomenal. The 25,000:1 contrast ratio and auto-motion plus technology make the picture unreal. I stood in the store for hours comparing this to Sony 40" XBR4 and could not see any difference to justify the almost $800 more in price.The one con that others have mentioned is the triple-ball-effect (TBE) which is a bit annoying and am hoping a future firmware update will fix it. But for me it's very minor and hardly worth worrying about.Overall, this TV is phenomenal.  I highly recommend it to everyone and in fact my brother is placing an order for one as well.