UPDATE: I posted earlier and at length of the awful experience with Pilot Shipping (below), but now that the TV is actually here and working, I'm quite pleased with it.The picture is quite nice and smooth.  It is clearer than many sets I've looked at which were more expensive.  A little tweaking with the picture wizard makes the image pop.  The Internet apps work well, but I wish they'd gone the extra step and put a web-browser into the product.The USB wireless network adapter is a cinch to get working and Netflix content is quick and smooth.  My only complaint is that the remote control is very touchy... it only works close to the set and when pointed at specific angles.  Everyone who has used it has complained about it.  Otherwise, this is a very nice product.Original post:So, this may be a nice TV.  I wouldn't know as I haven't seen it yet.  I've read others horror stories dealing with Pilot Freight Services, but I've never really had those kinds of experiences.  Maybe I'm lucky.  Well, luck ran out on this one...  According to the shipper's instructions, Pilot was supposed to call when the TV got to the local delivery agent.  We watched the TV make its way from Indianapolis to Fort Myers using the shipping tracker and we expected a call on 12/6 as advertised.  When that call didn't come, we thought, "Oh well... probably tomorrow."  Not then either, although the tracking screen now said that it was in our town and "out for delivery."  Then it didn't show up.A call to Pilot was met by rude and clueless service people who told us that the tracking information on their web site (and Amazon's) was wrong and that the TV was actually sitting in a warehouse in Miami, but that since Miami didn't deliver to our area, they couldn't call us for delivery arrangements.  Instead, they will ship it to Tampa (driving right by our house) where someone will call us to arrange delivery.  We should have it in about a week they said.There is no telling where the thing is now.  The people on the phone didn't inspire confidence and the apparently fictitious tracking information on Pilot and Amazon's web sites are apparently useless.So, if this nice looking TV ever gets here, I'll come back and review it specifically.  Since the purchase includes the service and delivery, I thought I'd better warn those who might be thinking about trying to get this in time for Christmas.  If it uses Pilot Freight, you'd better hope for a lot of luck.