As another reviewer mentioned, this Toshiba LED television does not have a headphone jack. This means that many of our computer speakers or headphones aren't compatible with this model unless you pay for it. Well I paid for it and now have fantastic audio blaring out my TV, but I thought others should know how much it'll cost if they want to do the same thing.What you'd need to buy:1. A Toslink Digital Optical Cable ($5-15)EX.Mediabridge - Toslink Cable - Optical Digital Audio Cable - 6ft"One of these is needed as the Digital Optical Output has replaced the headphone jack."2. Gefen Digital to Audio Decoder ($80-95)GefenTV Digital Audio DecoderThis box converts the digital audio signal into analog. What this means is you plug the Digital Optical Cable in one side of this, and get the Red and White RCA output on the other.3. A RCA Male to 3.5mm Stereo Female Y-Cable ($5-10)EX.Cables To Go - 03182 - 3.5mm Stereo Female to RCA Male Y-CableThis cable has the traditional white and red RCA connection on one end, and a headphone jack input on the other. So you'll plug the Red and White end of the cables into the decoder, and finally have your headphone/speaker input to plug in whatever you want.So that's $90-120 for a crazy headphone jack! The last thing I want you to know is that using this method, you can't control the speaker/headphone volume through the TV. What this means is that if your speakers/headphones don't have a volume nob on them, then you'll only get one medium level of volume with no way of lowering or raising it.----Now that I've gotten past the frustration of getting my Harman Kardon speakers attached, I've got to say that I'm pleased with my purchase. The TV is sharp looking, seems durable, the built in DVD player works great, and playing Xbox 360 on it using a HDMI cable looks unbelievable. I thought 19 inches might be too small, but it's actually a perfect size for my compact den. The audio is poor which is why not having a headphone jack is such a big issue, but its worth stating that the vast majority of these LED television have poor audio, and that the headphone jack is being phased out of most 2011 televisions as well. I'm just glad there was a solution, because now that everything is set up, it's pretty great.