The GOOD:Appearance: This TV has a sleek appearance; easily better design than its higher tier counterparts ala C7000 and C8000. The chrome grey is a nice touch. However the bezel design reminds me too much of the Cylon ships from Battlestar Galactica.Picture Quality: I came from an LG 47sl80 which is a regular LCD and I didn't notice a significant jump in picture quality overall. However, all told, the PQ is very good and the colors do pop vividly on this set.Media Player: This is the best feature BY FAR on this set. If you plan on using this to play any of your media files (avi, mp4, wmv, flv, etc.) this set will handle it all. I was very impressed by this capability. Even though I returned this set, this is the one regret I have of returning it.Netflix: This was the only app I used and if you have any familiarity with how netflix works on the ps3, they're nearly identical. Also, the processing speed on this is quite remarkable for a tv set.The BAD:Very horrible backlight bleeding, flashlighting, and clouding. This is the main reason I decided to return it. I've heard of it going away after some time as some owners have reported via avsforum, but it was so bad that I didn't think it was worth resting my hopes on and end up not happening. If it was not for this, I would definitely have  kept this tv.Black Levels: I know this may seem contradictory of me to say since I think the PQ overall is good, but the cnet review was really on point in my opinion with respect to black levels. Indeed, this set only manages to produce relatively light black levels, even lighter than some (cheaper) non-led tvs that I've examined.OVERALL: If you plan on using this set mainly for TV viewing (16:9 programming, with no black bars in other words), as your monitor for your htpc, and/or for gaming (xbox/ps3), then I would strongly recommend this set. However if you're like me and plan on using this to enjoy your netflix and blu-ray library for movie watching (where more than half the time film-source material has the black bars), then you better hope you're one of the few that strikes gold in getting a set that does not have the same uneven backlighting, flashlighting, and clouding issues that mine had.