Clarity and colors are stunning. It literally makes everything you watch look like it was filmed with a consumer grade camcorder rather than pro grade cameras. This TV makes things look like they are happening in front of you in your very own room. You see every strand of hair, every wrinkle, every mole and blemish on faces. You have to see it to believe it. One way to describe it is that everything looks "different" than what you may have been accustomed to seeing. I recommend that you see this TV in a brick-n-mortar store to see what I mean.The number of adjustments menus is also above and beyond what any one of us not in the business of making these TVs is ever going to need. For folks that want to tweak, here is your opportunity.However, this TV is not perfect.1. Corners show reverse vignetting where on very dark scenes you can see the corner illumination projecting significantly into the screen. It looks like a flash light is projecting from the corner. The corner itself is very dark but a very faint light spreads in a fan pattern from each corner towards the center of the screen. This is only visible in very dark scenes where the primary display color is black. You can not see this normally.2. The stand does not feel sturdy. If you push on the very top of the bezel, the screen will rock back and forth... I freaked out the first time I did that when I bumped the screen during placement of the TV on my entertainment stand. Looking at the attachment point, Samsung went super cheap; the current attachment technique does not belong on a TV in this price range. You are provided with (literally) a shoe-lace attached to a triangular piece of plastic that attaches to the TV. The other end is supposed to be attached either to the wall or your stand. This is really out of place for a TV of this caliber and I think is my biggest disappointment with this TV.As the LED display technology advances, I'm sure this TV will be surpassed in performance by future models from Samsung or competing brands. However, for the time being, this is a very good HD display with some imperfections.I'm pleased with the purchase and look forward to many years of service.Regards,