I bought this to replace an early-adopter Sharp LCD (when the monitor was separate from another electronics box) that was six years old, with the goal to get far better video.  This has been achieved, and I sold the old one to someone who will use it as a 45" gaming monitor--he may be disappointed with the response times.  I've had this product for a few days now, so here's a review of the process and the product.1.  Delivery: quite fast, I'm in NM, it was shipped from Phoenix, so I had hopes it would endure minimal handling.2.  Delivery condition:  bad.  The manufacturer's box was the shipping container, and it arrived via UPS with a long gash in the box, noted by the UPS guy.  The styrofoam packing pieces were also somewhat broken.  Turns out (by chance) that it was the backside of the product, but something got far in to make a little dent in the metal.  So I was anxious to get the product set up to see that it functioned correctly--OK.  A problem for LG:  When the two straps are removed, the top is lifted from the base of the package, but the bottom packaging is insufficient to hold the unit upright--be prepared to lean it on something.  Better, don't start unpacking before moving the box to very near to the product destination.The product is heavy--70 lb with stand, and requires two able people to handle.  I have a broken foot, but we were able to get'er done.I have bought LCD TVs via the Internet twice before.  They both came with a shipping box encasing the manufacturer's product enclosure, and this one did not.  AMAZON, ARE YOU READING THIS?  The manufacturer's box works when wrapped up on a pallet with others, and when taken home by a buyer from a bricks-and-mortar store.  IT IS NOT AN INDIVIDUAL SHIPPING BOX!3.  Performance:  excellent.  As delivered, even home mode was in carnival colors.  You can search online among "expert" reviews to find what they take as optimum adjustments, and modify as desired.  To me, it's completely realistic after that.I don't use the TV audio, so I cannot comment on that.4.  Reflective screen:  definitely an issue.  Daytime, our sliding-door blinds are not black-out, and viewing from my computer desk is a problem.  At night, we have to dim lamps or use others to completely eliminate distraction.  Evaluate this for your own setting, since your mileage may vary.There is nothing in the manual about removing what some have found as a plastic cover on the glass; apparently it is not to be removed.  Cleaning with their cloth has instructions to spritz the cloth with a little water, and use nothing else since, unlike computer monitors, the LCD is not exposed.I'll update this if anything happens.