Ok, so I am like you.  I am sitting in my office/house, doing a ton of research on all the different tv's out there.  I am going to stores, looking online, and trying to find the best price.  As I was looking at this tv, I also considered the 51D model, but it was too glossy and shiny for me, and I didn't think I would be using enough high-end equipment to showcase 4000:1 ratio instead of the 3000:1 ratio.So, out of the box, I was blown away.  I had high expectations, but I plugged in my old rabbit ear antenna, and had some of the most amazing over the air broadcasts in HD.  I could not believe it.  It looked better then my parents TV that was running HD over satellite, but I think their tv quality was not as good.  So, if you are in an area that receives strong signals, and you don't want to pay for Satellite or cable, you will not be disappointed.  Plus, there are a ton of Digital broadcast stations out there that you never knew existed.  My favorite is The Tube (old school music videos), great to have on in the background at a party.  The first game I watched on the OTA broadcast was the BCS championship, and I was floored the entire game.  I think my wife got tired of hearing me say, "this looks absolutely amazing."I bought an unpconverting DVD player, connected via HDMI, and it looks great, but I don't really know if it was worth it.  I am not sure if upconverting really changes anything that drastically, so oh well.  I have my old Xbox connected via component cables, and it changed the way my games look.  It is wonderful, even though Xbox games will be slowly phased out.  We just got Satellite service with over 35 HD channels, and it is awesome.  I am completely satisfied with the purchase.  I made some adjustments to the picture settings after I looked up some specs online.  Basically I typed in "picture setting LNS3241d" in google and found someone's post on the topic.Shipping- I was crossing my fingers on this, but it worked out perfectly.  Actually, they had been trying to call us for a few days to set up a delivery time, but our phone was going dead.  I found this out on a Sunday night, called their 800 number, told them the problem, found out they were 20 miles away and open 24 hours, so I told them I would be there in 30 minutes.  Picked it up in person and was happy with the experience.A final note:  I went back and forth on the extended warranty.  I ended up buying it completely with my American Express card because it automatically adds another year to the warranty.  So, for nothing extra I get a two year warranty.  I know someone who had to use this for their iPod, and it worked perfectly.