I picked up this panel at an after-Christmas sale locally, jumping on the last one in stock.  I came straight to Amazon for product reviews on it, since I had not researched the model itself.Like the other reviews, I have nothing bad to say about the panel, except a few small concerns.  First, the closed captioning display has great configuration options, but only for HD antenna sources--why couldn't the CC text be rendered in translucent boxes (which allow you to see through the black caption boxes) like on the others?  Why is CC disabled on component/HDMI?  This means that watching the last two seasons of the West Wing on DVD allows for no English subtitles (as they only included CC on the discs and not DVD subtitles).Second, adding channels to the Favorites list is extremely tedious--you have to switch channels and work through the menus each time, for each channel.  Pressing the button cycles through them, but doesn't bring up a box to jump to one deeper into the list.  It's obvious they didn't think this feature through very well.Third, the panel's native resolution, like most 42" plasmas, is 1024x768.  It is therefore not truly 720p, which is a little disappointing.  This is not to say that the electronics on board aren't excellent or that the picture quality suffers at all (on the contrary, this PDP looks superior to many LCDs, the cheapest of which is more expensive than this panel--and even some LCDs that are several hundred dollars more).  It's just something to keep in mind.The positives are many.  The picture is bright, with many adjustment options and rich blacks--colors are vivid without being inaccurate.  There is a full array of aspect ratio options to cope with SD content.  There are 3 HDMI inputs, two component inputs, a VGA input, and two digital tuner inputs, which should be more than enough for anyone's needs.  Channel changes with the tuner exhibited none of the slowness and never once brought up the "searching for signal" box, so I imagine the review mentioning that had a weak signal to begin with.HD sources on this TV look amazing.  Smooth, rich, deep pictures with no banding or halos.  SDTV can look a little washed out in comparison, but switching to "Dynamic" helps a lot.Sound quality was decent and clear when I tested it, contrary to some earlier reviews here.  I have it connected to a surround system, as most customers probably will, so it does not compare in that regard, but I can find no fault with the internal speakers.  They're loud and a bit bright, but that's to be expected.All in all, this is an excellent and affordable HDTV that looks great even when turned off and makes for a sound investment.