I was going to buy a LCD t.v. from Amazon till I found out HHgregg would match their price. I think Amazon is very trustworthy, I just didn't want to take a chance with shipping problems. I did all the research a human could on the subject, I think I could actually get a job selling t.v.s now. Even though I have lots of windows in my house, I went with a Plasma. I don't regret it one bit. I went to Wal-mart, they didn't have enough selection in Plasmas, because I wanted the best name which is Panasonic for Plasmas. Walmart had a nice selection of LCD tvs, and very good prices. Best Buy didn't want to work with me at all, and their name should be "Worst Buy". With all the new technology out like anti-burn for the Plasmas, people should not be afraid to buy them. The color is so vibrant and warm and crisp. Me and my kids just laughed because we could not believe we got a t.v. so nice. My husband didn't even think he wanted a flat panel, he was hooked on his 32 in crt dinasour t.v.. Now he is smiling too. The only thing that bothers me a little is the size. It didn't look so big in the store, it actually looked like the baby of them all, but now it is enormous in my livingroom.My house is 1600 sqft, and I have a long livingroom, but it still seems huge. Other than that, I love it. I will be writing a review on a little 19" Samsung white LCD t.v. too, I love it so much. Ok so my Plasma doesn't even have the special cable box to make it look more spectacular, but it still looks great with just cable t.v. Getting the T.v. on its stand was a little crazy, me and my hubby were yelling at each other, because it was heavy, and we couldn't see the holes in the bottom. We were doing all this at midnight, so we both were tired but excited to see it up and running. I walked out of HHgregg saving close to $300, they looked up everything I bought on Amazon, and tried to match it all. I will always go back to that store and Amazon. My t.v. actuall fell backwards on the wall home inside my van, but it is all fine. We are babying it, and going by all the rules to keep it from burning, and its no big deal, not hard to do at all. The Plasma t.v. is perfect, I just have to get use to the people on the set looking the same size as me,lol. I'm glad I spent my income tax money on it, I waited a very long time for this.