Well, I have returned to the world of plasma. I returned the Sony KDL60EX700 i had gotten. A beautiful TV but for some reason thesunlit room I have it in and the fact that you pretty much have to be in a small arc in front of the TV for the picture notto bleach out became like an O C D thing that I couldn't get over. The bad news is after 2 weeks I had gotten used tothe sharp, well defined picture with muted colors and now have to get acclimated to the deeper colors and blacks ofthe plasma. All that being said, The Samsung is a beautiful TV with plenty of preference adjustments. Thanks to anotherreviewer for giving me a starting point. I got lucky in the exchange process and got the free starter kit Samsung was offeringso I got the Bluray 3D player, 2 pair of glasses and the Monsters vs. Aliens disk.  I figured I might as well get a set with the3 D capability. It is just a novelty now but more media seems to be on the way and it is a fun experience.I have only had it a day but what can I say. It's a Plasma and a good one.Update to my review: Problem has arisen Just over a year now and a dark band has started to appear across the top of the picture at intervalsHaven't contacted Samsung yet and unfortunately i did not get an extended warranty. How do they know to break right after the warranty is upOn a side note the 3d blu ray player was garbage. Constantly froze and stuttered. Bought a new more expansive model BD-D6500ZA (i know anything is more expensive than free)and its mostly good but chooses not to like certain disks and requires a rebootUPDATE  The Bad news: Well the problem with the band got worse and expanded to a sort of pinkish wash across the screen on white backgrounds.  Now the good news: After several calls to Samsung they agreed to do a one time extended warranty for me. OK Great.. but wait.... the part ( and i guess they knew the problem cause their service people never came out) was no longer available. Now what? throw it out? But Samsung came through with flying colours. They agreed to swap out the TV and I now have the newer 59 in 8000 model. Picture looks even better with bright colours and deep blacks and the new Qwerty keyboard.  Awesome.  Thanks Samsung