Received the TV, noticed that it was one of the "D" models, and considered refusing delivery, but decided to set it up and just see how it looks.  There is a somewhat noticeable blooming effect coming from the corners when the display is dark, but not enough to be particularly distracting.  I would have loved an IPS display, but the VA really isn't bad.  Certainly not enough of a difference to warrant packing it up to send it back and waiting another week to *maybe* get the other.  Clarity is fantastic, the sound is good, and PS3 games + blu-ray looks AMAZING at 120hz.EDIT 2/18/11:  After much use, it seems the blooming is getting considerably worse.  Before where it was a slightly noticeable smudge in the corners, now is flooded with giant grey splotches.  I am going to contact LG directly about receiving a proper replacement, as I know retailers like Amazon and Newegg have no control over which ones they receive and get sent out, and I don't want to play the lottery over and over again.  Will report back, but in the meantime, my 4-star review is dropping to two.EDIT 12/2/11:  It's been almost ten months since purchasing this TV, and although I was pretty upset at LG for refusing to replace the TV since there technically wasn't anything "wrong" with it, things have gotten surprisingly better.  The blooming in the corners has gone completely away, and the viewing angle is very wide especially for a VA display, as we've now mounted it fairly high on the wall and colors stay true at nearly any angle.  It looks like the TVs without IPS require some burn-in time in order to display properly.  The blooming went away after about six months of use, which of course is still ridiculous but offers a bit of hope for those who lost (and keep on losing) the panel lottery.  2-star review going up to 3-stars.  I won't bring it back up to my initial 4-star rating due to LG's poor customer service and shady manufacturing practices.  No one should have to wait six months to get the product they actually paid for.EDIT 8/6/12:  A year and a half later, the TV is performing well.  No more blooming, the colors are true, and the sound is pretty good despite being mounted to the wall.  Image is clear and I love 120Hz for sports and gaming.  Overall it was a good buy, but those first few months were frustrating.  Keeping the review at three stars, this will probably be my last update.  I would recommend this TV as long as you have the necessary patience.