Overall, I'm very pleased with this purchase.  I researched extensively and finally settled on this one (Samsung LN40C630 came in second place).  I picked this up for $699 from a third-party seller that was fulfilled by Amazon and have had it for a little over two weeks.  This was during Black Friday mind you, and I couldn't find any better deal for a name brand 42" 120 Hz anywhere really.  The picture quality is crisp and vibrant, there is no lag on the screen, the audio is better than expected, the interface is pretty slick, and it's light and aesthetically pleasing.  Major upgrade from my previous 37" Olevia.  The swiveling base is also key.CEVA delivered the TV; they simply carried it to my living room, but didn't set it up.  It wasn't that big of a deal to me, though, as it's pretty straightforward to take it out of the box and set up the stand and screw the TV on it.  Installation was quite easy to do on my own.On the negative side, I'll say that the remote is not so great.  I supposed it gets the job done and has all the necessary features, but it is huge and looks like a novelty toy in my opinion.  It doesn't matter to me after the onset though because I simply use a TiVo remote, which was easy to setup, so I'm not going to penalize the TV.The interface of the menu for the LG is straightforward and easy to use - it's quite easy to configure the TV to your liking.  I have found that I like turning on TruMotion only for sports (have it on 5-user) while turning TruMotion off for everything else.  Some may like the "soap opera" effect, but it does make it seem like things were shot on a handheld camera and doesn't seem very professional/movie-like.  For sports, though, it's great because it makes it seem like you're there.In regards to the other settings, google "LG 47LH90 picture settings" and a cnet forum provides the optimal ones they found for a similar LG set.  I found these to be fairly close to what I thought was best as too, but everybody has their own personal taste.The Netcast functionality is decent, but not outstanding.  I haven't used it very much and actually use Netflix through the Tivo instead, but I've dabbled around a little bit watching Youtube videos and the like.  I'd say there is still work to be done with the netcast amenities, but it has a few nice basic functions.  While that is supposedly the selling point for this TV, it wasn't a main factor in my decision.  My main deciding factors were picture quality, price, durability, aesthetics, and overall design, and I'd say it excels in those areas.  I thought for an extra $30 or whatever, it was worth having internet-capabilities for the future.Definitely happy with this TV!