I recently purchased this TV along with a new Sound System (Aperion Intimus 4T Hybrid SD), A/V Receiver (Pioneer VSX-1120k) & Blu-Ray/SACD player (Sony BDP-S570) to go along with the Apple TV my wife got me for my birthday. I must say the thing that has blown me away the most about our new home theater system is this TV. It replaced a 42' Vizio that was only capable of 720p but still gave us 4 or 5 good years, and is still performing well in the upstairs bedroom now. I originaly bought the TV for it's 3D capabilities, and while they are certainly as good as advertised, the star of this show is it's picture quality. Everything we have watched on it looks absolutely unbelievable. From old episodes of 24 on Netflix streaming to the newest movies on Blu-Ray (Avatar/Star Trek, etc). The colors are vibrant, blacks levels are great and the clarity and detail is incredible. As far as the 3D side of things goes, I must say for the most part it is pretty great also. Unfortunately there is not much content available now in 3D (except for a few terrible kids movies) but I have DirecTV and have been able to catch a few shows in 3D and they look great for the most part too. I also just got Black Ops for PS3 and it is much more fun to play in 3D, though it can be kind of overwhelming because its just a lot to process with all the action going on around you. The 2D to 3D feature is neat to have, but I've pretty much just stopped using it because compared to real 3D its pretty underwhelming. Your best bet is to just wait for more 3D movies and games to be released, which I am sure we will start seeing in 2011 (maybe we'll even see Avatar finally!). The other 2 issues I read about before buying this TV, including the Motion Judder Canceller & TV Noise levels are not really issues at all to me. I don't hear any buzzing at all when the TV is on, or at least no louder than my PS3 or Blu-Ray player. Also, the Motion Judder Canceller isn't a concern to me either, it basically just sucks - so turn it off! I agree it's a bit lame if that's a feature you may have bought the TV for, but look the TV looks amazing without it so who needs it anyway. As info, check out CNET.com for tips on how to program the TV's settings for best picture quality - it looked great straight out of the box, but it looks even better when properly optimized and if your going to drop $2500 on this awesome set, make sure you spend 30 minutes to set it up properly.