I received this tv a few weeks ago and have been putting it through it's paces, here is what I have found.Image qualityDurting the day and with a decent amount of ambient light the image looks good, however at night with no lights on I can see tons of brighter areas on the screen. From what I have found this is known as flashlighting. The corners are really noticeable and various parts of the screen. It has become very distracting specifically when there are any movements in the screen. I would really like to exchange this to see if it's a set specific problem, but I have seen many of the same reviews all over the place.Build qualityThis set is very sleek, light weight and extremely slim. The stand is a weird design, I would prefer a standard flat stand, but will be mounting it to the wall soon if I can resolve the above issues.Internet appsThese are really cool and work surprisingly well. Streaming hulu and netflix is great. Along with the samsung remote app on the iPhone it makes easy to use. Biggest problem is that the screen setting do not transfer when you switch into the Internet side of the tv, so everything looks weird. Seems like auto motion plus turns back on. I spoke with samsung tech support and they insist that it does not, but I do not agree, I can see it.***UPDATE - I have found the image control menu in the Internet side of the tv and have disabled auto motion plus so everything looks normal. While watching a video press TOOLS on the remote and a menu comes up where you can adjust picture and sound settings.iPhone appSamsung has an iPhone app that let's you control your tv  as long as you are on the same network. This is by far one of the coolest aspects of the tv, no more trying to see the remote in the dark, just use your iPhone or iPod touch. Most apps allow you to use the keyboard so you don't have to figure out which numbers correspond to which numbers on your remote control. It responds extremely well and fast.SummaryI really like the look and functionality of this tv, however the image quality leaves something to be desired. The flashlight problem is a real problem, I can't watch this tv in the dark because of it.