It took about a week and a half to get everything straightened out in regards to image quality but that wasn't the TV's fault, and now it has a very good image quality (and the best blacks out there from what I've seen/heard).The quality of your cables makes a huge difference with this.  The Comcast guy installed a regular old coaxial cable from the Comcast box to the TV and the image was dreadful.  I upgraded to a high definition box from Comcast and still the image didn't improve.After fiddling with the image quality controls for the Comcast box (not an intuitive process since you have to TURN OFF the Comcast box and THEN hit the MENU button to fiddle around) I finally got the image acceptable for broadcast TV.So after all that I bought a $99 HDMI Monster cable to hook up the Comcast box to the TV and I used the Comcast-supplied Component cable (with the high definition box, NOT with the original box) to hook up the DVD player to the TV.More fiddling with color warmth and image sharpness and stretch or don't stretch the image and so on, but in the end it was all worth it.  The image quality is quite nice finally.As a bonus I bought Apple's Mini-DVI to DVI connector and a cable to connect it to the TV and now I can do my computing on my Mac laptop with the screen readable and HUGE clear across the room.  I love this feature.  It works spectacularly and the image quality is beautiful.This is also a GREAT price for this TV through Amazon.  Circuit City sells it for $1,299 in stores and for $1,050 or something like that on their web site (a price they'll match in stores if you're smart enough to ask for it).I would have given this TV a full five stars except for the fact that personally I think you (and I) should get the next size larger.  I use this one in the bedroom and even there I wish I'd gotten the next size larger of the Sharp Aquos.  That would have been perfect.As for the remote, it's simple to find things on it and it's surprisingly large.  One weird thing about it is they have controls in a closed panel at the bottom that you have to flip open to access.  I see no advantage in this and it's only by reading the manual (and not being able to find the buttons illustrated) that I realized there even was a lid in the bottom.  Silly design.  No matter though.  I use my Comcast remote to do everything.  The only thing I use the Sharp remote for is the INPUT button (to switch from broadcast TV to the DVD player and back).  Probably there's a way to do that with the Comcast remote but I haven't found it yet (or I can program it into my universal remote at some point).