I purchased this TV in october on amazon. Amazon, of course, did everything right on their end. I got the item within 2 days for free, thanks to amazon prime.When I received the panel, I was very impressed by it's stylish design, and thin profile. When I started using it, I noticed that the colors were kind of washed out. When playing Halo: Reach, there was noticeable motion blur and this weird texture around the edges. The picture sort of looked pixilated, something which shouldn't happen with such an expensive TV.Turns out, I got the non-IPS version of the screen. Trust me, there is significant difference between the IPS and the non-IPS. I can't believe LG actually went out and made 2 different versions of the TV, and didn't do anything to help customers differentiate between the two (except for a slight change in the serial numbers). To make an analogy, its like Apple advertising its new macbook air with i5 processors, and in 4/10 boxes, they slip in a Core 2 Duo. How is this not illegal? This shady move made me lose faith in LG as a company, and I'll never buy another LG product again.As months passed, I started noticing this red line running down the middle of the screen, which went away after about 15 minutes of use. The single line slowly turned into a bunch of lines, mostly red and green, some bronze. It soon was about 3 inches running down the middle of the screen whenever I turned it on. They did go away eventually though, but again - this should not happen with such an expensive TV, and with such an established brand. Their customer service was however, willing to fix the issue. They said they would send a tech out to me. I didn't get it fixed because I usually had class or work when the LG tech was supposed to arrive, and eventually sold the TV.The motion blur was starting to become apparent even in TV (not action scenes), and colors were definitely washed out compared to my Sony XBR3 panel.All in all, I was very disappointed with the quality of the TV. I went ahead and bought a Panasonic 37 inch DT30, and the difference is night and day.