I bought the 55" 8000 series samsung for a new familyroom / den I built in the basement.  I generally agonize over electronic purchases, doing hours of research.  This one was no exception.  After reading hundreds of reviews, consumer publications and store visits, i narrowed the search as follows:LCD v. Plasma:I chose LCD technology due to the eye-poping picture, reduced energy consumption, and no picture burn-in.  Early LCDs had jitter problems, but those days are gone.  Please note that this TV *is* an LCD TV!  They call it "LED" because most LCD TVs are back-lit using floresencent bulbs around the edges, but this one is back-lit using a grid of little LED lights across the back.  This grid allows the backligting to be turned off in areas of the screen where a black picture is shown.  This supposedly makes the black darker than florescent lit LCDs, but i only noticed it when viewing from an angle.Brand:I narrowed the brand selection to Sony or Samsung. based upon reviews, including consumer mags, and store visits.  I must say the Sony offering has fastastic picture crispness, color, etc, too.  On the final purchase day, i took my wife with me ($3K is a joint decision).  We compared a Sony BR9 52" with the Sansung 8000 55".  after more than an hour of back and forth viewing we went with the Samsung.  The decision was based on a slightly brigher picture (probably due to the LED vs Floresent back lighting), the extreme thinness (This TV is built to wall-mount, the Sony with a standard mount will protrude 5" into the room, this one with the 'picture hanger' mount from Samsung will protrude 2"), and the extra 3" of screen size.Outcome:I am so impressed with the Samsung after 2 weeks of use.  Even standard non-HD cable looks good.  It looks better in my house than the store feed.  The embeded content (scenery, art, games, recipies, relaxing image&sounds;) is cool for a demo, but not expected to be used too much.  I haven't hooked it to the internet yet as i need either a 50' lan cable or the $79 wireless adapter.  I will order the cable today.  No bluray yet, but i watched HD-on-demand last night and it was sooo impresive.  No buyer remorse here.  Go get yours.