Pros:- Great picture quality once the TV warms up (takes about 15 seconds).- Speakers are perfectly usable as-is and loud enough.- Nice, slim design (thick bezel though).Cons:- Absolutely horrible flashlight effect.- Still see some amount of noise (not bad though) when watching HD content (watched RIO blu-ray with PS3).- USB connection is ONLY for servicing (manual states that it should not be used by end users).- Takes about 10 seconds between pressing the power button on the remote and seeing a picture.- All default color profiles were very off (not so bad as the settings can be changed to get acceptable colors).I must admit that I was skeptical about purchasing this TV due to reviews I read for other TVs for the company. However, I saw the TV on the Lightning deal and figured that the price was right. So I bought it as a gift for my girlfriend. After receiving the TV we set it up (just connect the base) that night and hooked up the PS3 with a blu-ray copy of RIO. While watching the movie, all I remembered hearing was "No, this is not going to work." as my girlfriend watched with great disappointment. The flashlight effect was horrible. It looked as though there were four bright flashlights with the light coming from all four corners of the TV with the light almost extending all the way to the center to make an X. If that wasn't bad enough, there was some additional light coming from the top and bottom edge and a big horizontal blur of light that was half way between the center and the top of the TV. We could tolerate it for bright scenes even though the corner lights were clearly visible due to the black bars at the top and bottom of the picture (letter-boxing). However, darker scenes were just horrible. At one point the light from the top left corner was washing out the picture for such a colorful movie.As a gift that she wanted for a long time, this was not how I envisioned things turning out. I must admit that the picture quality (HD only, never checked SD) does look great, and the sound isn't an issue; plus the sound can easily be improved by connecting a good sound system. None of the default settings looked close to correct in color (I have other HDTVs, one of which was ISF calibrated). This would have been a good TV for the money (provided it lasts) if not for the poor lighting. I never expected it to be perfect, just acceptable. This one is going back.