Alright let's get started. I will admit that the price of the Toshiba was very interesting at first. I have had Toshiba TV's in the past without any concerns. Since my past television decided to wear down I needed a new one. The passive 3D option was the direction I was willing to pay for rather then getting an active display and all the extra costs. So I went with the Toshiba hoping for a good product at a great price. Got the TV shipped for free through Amazon. Shippers did a good job. Set it up and powered it on. First thing that was noticable was the horrible, HORRIBLE backlighting problems with this set. Since I had never seen this TV before, I went to another TV store to find out by looking at several edge lit TV's. None had a problem with black like this TV had. So I returned it to Amazon and tried to replace it with the same model TV. Returning the TV was fine, and the shipping was great again. So here is the review of the same model and brand of TV.CONS:Backlighting-Still had problems with backlighting during dark scenes. A streak of light gray moved from the top right of the screen to the bottom left of the screen. This was to much of a problem for me to spend the amount of money that I did on the TV.Sound-The speakers on the TV are very poor and high pitched. I tried to adjust them, but it never really changed.Powering on-This set does take a long time to power up. Not really a big deal.Channel changing-takes longer then you would imagine to switch between channels when watching HDTV through the internal tuner.PROS:Passive 3D-The passive 3D was great for gaming and movies. No problems at all.Picture-The options availiable to adjust the picture is amazing. It displayed great colors and images when the TV was used and the picture was not in a dark screen.Remote-Was easy to use and the setup was easy to understand.Overall this TV is not a bad TV. Maybe I am just picky, but when you spend money you want a good product. This TV did not meet my expectations for the price it costs. Maybe it is because they purchased the rights of the technology through LG but did not build the TV the same. I don't know. And the poor backlighting problems I was experiencing with this TV was just too much.So I returned the TV and purchased the more expensive LG 55LW6500. What a difference 400 dollars makes! If your just looking for something to throw in a room and don't really care then the Toshiba will be perfect.