Recived mine 2 weeks ago. CEVA put it in my patio,(didnt even bring it in), hauled it inside. I told driver that I need to check operational level of TV & he mentioned to take it with DELL(I bought frm DELL) if anything is wrong( so no + points for CEVA). TV box is fine, I tried looking for banding/cloud issue by connecting PC to TV ,but me & 2 more pairs of eye cannot find anything odd or any deadpixel. TV is running fine but HDTV qual is not as good as what I'm getting on my BRAVIA HDTV (720p) (thru cable). Bluray seems fine (again cannot find considerable positive difference b/w my old 720p o/p & this one). Overall, looks good. Cannot test 120HZ difference (or dont know how to). Oh!!! I turned off OPC first thing to make PIC more crispier...still figuring what settings should I pick for picture tuning. no PIP is bummer(still can live w/o it).Btw!!! I experienced some flashing on my PS3 while watching bluray thru it, it's just pic is gone and come bck every few sec for some time..I jiggled my HDMI connection on back of TV, & then plugged in @ side HDMI port..happend again with my DVD hdmi next time, I swaped ports..so far no flashing...Maybe cable fault or that hdmi port gone bad(i/p 6 labeled on tv)...Investigation in process...I'll write back update in 2 months...for now..it's 5 star(call me biased...huh)....I think 1-2month usage will determine it's faith. Overall no complaint(cant expect xbr for 1.3K)Update Oct 20-09: Flashing stopped for now, I came across differnt probe though..On HDMI (say PS3 or B.Ray),even OPC is off it's still acting up, A bright white scence when changed to darker or black scene, LCD light dims (very noticble), I double checked OPC is OFF, calibrated pic setting to best of my knowledge but it's still happening which result the pic quailty as light dims out alot going from bright to dark scenery. Anyone know remedy? I'm going to call sharp but I dont expect they can troubelshoot it over phone (i've tried bfore),maybe any setting to tweak or enable though?