Hi, so you might be thinking that this is the ultimate technology right now and that you're going to get absolutely the best HDTV experience there is on the market (because LED technology in the latest and greatest newcomer to the market right?) But if you want an honest appraisal in layman's terms, then although I can say that this isn't a bad TV, neither is it a super major leap forward in picture quality either. Sure the black looks black (perhaps on a par with a decent plasma type) and the higher frequency maybe cuts down on the fast movement blur compared with a lower refresh rate LCD, but I see this as more of a small step towards convergence between plasma and LCD in terms of picture contrast combined with a lightweight package, than any revolution in TV technology. For sure it's thin compared with other STD offerings, and if gaining an extra inch or so in your room width is so important to you then this might just be the TV for you. If on the other hand you are hoping for a major technological leap forward in viewing pleasure then I think this is more in the mind than in the flesh so to speak. Let's face it, the technology offerings today are realistically more a choice between design of the packaging and aesthetics of the unit more than any startling difference in performance, and until the consumer electronic brands develop technologies that defy reality in our minds eye, then from 8ft away the differences between the mid to best offerings on the market today are minor to say the least. Am I happy with this purchase? Yes, but to be truthful, Is it much better than a TV that costs $1000-2000 less then I would say not really. Now when holographic 3 dimensional TV comes onto the market I might have a different view, but until then, it's a TV after all, with all the same drivel of programming that was there way before the cathode ray technology became a thing to ridicule. Bottom line, if you would like to pay extra for a TV that will hug your wall and save an inch or two then go for it, otherwise you will probably be just as happy with a decent offering of LCD or plasma technology, and save the extra money to invest in some compact fluorescent lamps to light your house (compared with regular incandescent light bulbs) that would save a lot more energy than the savings you will gain from firing up this TV a few hours per day compared with LCD or plasma. Bottom line, it's all good, but not that good, and you will still see some  pixelation that you probably hate but will try to ignore...