We bought this TV, and like most of the reviews on this site, we LOVED the picture. We thought this was a great TV.Until...At just 16 months (4 months after the warrantee expired) the picture went black and we (like numerous online posters) could see the "7 blinking lights of death".We were right in the middle of watching a game with some friends who had come over to watch with us, and suddenly- black screen. How embarrassing. And annoying.The tiny red LED power button light flashes 7 times, pauses a few seconds, then repeats 7 blinks, pauses...No picture at all.We tried the obvious things that were recommended by the call center. Unplugged the TV, unplugged the HDMI cable etc, waited, plugged it back in and the just got the 7 blinking lights again.I called Panasonic and gently explained that while this is just outside the warrantee, for a TV of this cost, going completely dead at 16 months is pretty unacceptable.The lady on the phone was useless. She was clearly trying to read responses to me from an online manual and knew less about the TV, troubleshooting, or customer service than my 7 year old child does. Kept saying things like "so what you are saying is" and repeating back to me what I had just said. She had no idea what was going on. I very politely asked to speak to a manager and after an eternity of waiting she picked the phone back up and told me she couldn't find a manager. But she'd have one call me. (fast forward...they didn't).She then gave me the phone number of a TV repairman in my area, and basically told me this is my problem. I guess technically it is. But this will be my last significant purchase from panasonic. And I purchase a fair amount of electronics (as do my friends, family and colleagues). So that will be Panasonic's problem.I went on line and looked the problem up and found that the number of postings for this exact problem is staggering. Any company that produces a high end product that has a critical flaw that commonly goes wrong between 2 and 20 months (and costs $500 or much more to repair according to online posts), yet doesn't have a recall, or any extended warrantee or exemption for that specific problem doesn't not have any comprehension of customer service or quality assurance.I guess this TV gets one star, because for less than about 1/5 of the life expectancy of a TV it was great. In fact it was beautiful.It would score a lower score than 1 if i could do that, due to the dismal customer service and support of their product.