We have bought two of these so far, and the second one is also going back. The picture is great in daytime or normal room lighting. There is no question about that. But I don't know about you, but I hardly ever have time to watch TV during the day, and even if I had, I'd prefer watching when it's dark. It's just more emersive. However, it's no fun doing that with this TV. The backlight leaks in blooms very badly. And it does so on BOTH TVs that we've had. So I'm guessing it's the same with all of them. I wouldn't mind bright spots in the corners or just near the edge (that would require some tolerance already). But I can not stand bright patches one fourth into the screen from the left edge. And it's not even a uniformly disappearing patch. It has a dark cross shaped shadow in it, so the patch goes to black abruptly for an inch and then its there again. I'm very unhappy with it. Some people might not bother with this. But if you enjoy watching SciFi or maybe just anything with dark scenes in it, then this will ruin your experience. We exchanged the first one, thinking this can not be normal. But the second one is very much the same. I hope there is an edge lit LED TV that's better. If not, I can't understand why everybody is buying them. I think it's crap.By the way, you will have to do quite some adjustments, if you don't want all movies to look like cheap TV shows. There is an auto motion feature that will reduce background blurring. However, blurred backgrounds are something Hollywood's camera crews usually want and do it on purpose. So why does Samsung think we wouldn't want it? I don't understand. But at least you can turn it off.What you CAN'T turn off is the dimming of the backlight in darker scenes. That's their way of making deep blacks. Fine for really black pictures, but seriously, when ever is most of the picture really that black, that you wouldn't mind not having real whites? Because of course you'll loose the whites when the backlight turns down. This happens in any mode except for PC mode.I'm giving it 2 stars for the great day time picture. If I left daytime watching out it would be 1 star for me. Sorry Samsung, this is a no-go for me.