I was all set to order this through amazon because I just couldn't justify paying over $400 more just to be able to pick it up (and return it if there was a problem). However, some of the bad reviews prevented me from doing so. I've had problems with shipping companies before so I know I wouldn't want to deal with that crp.I did see that one of the companies offering this tv thru  an actual brick and mortar store which was near my house so I just hopped over there, paid the tax and brought this sucker home.Of course, I did the mandatory 3 month research online and trips to the big name electronic stores ... compared it to the LG, Polaroid, and Sony. Time after time I came back to this TV. The contrast ratio and the PIP were deal breakers for me. I didn't think the contrast ratio mattered until I saw an LG with the lower ratio and the blacks looked gray. The Sony's were ok picture-wise but Samsung really gives you more bang for your buck (feature-wise).I was hoping for a 37" because I felt a 40" was too big but they don't make 37" LCD's anymore. I considered the DLP but they don't make them smaller than 42" and I just don't have enough space for that big a tv. And plus, I don't want to change the bulb every three or so years. And the option to be able to hang this on a wall was worth the price over the DLP.The only downside I couldn't get over was the inputs on the tv. It only has 1 component input and 2 rca's. Almost all the other tv's had at least 2 component inputs. But then I figured it has 2 HDMI inputs so once I upgrade my DVD player, that shouldn't matter.The speakers are weak and the treble is just waay too high. I tried adjusting it but it's a no-go. I can't wait for my surround speakers. I do, however, love the fact that they're hidden so that's a plus.All in all, it was a worthwhile purcahse. I don't know how that other guy was picking up HD channels over-the-air with his regular rabbit ears but that didn't work for me. I live 10 miles away from nyc and a cheap hdtv antenna works fine.  I race back home every night to watch shows in HD. I suggest you make the jump, too, so you can see the difference.**EDITPS. If you want to use this a computer monitor and watch your over-the-air TV it's not going to work. I bought a PIP enabled tv just for this reason and seems like it won't let me.