Got the TV this week.  I ordered it on Friday, April 18th at about 1AM and the TV arrived in my town from CEVA on Monday, April 21st.  CEVA called me that morning to schedule a delivery time.  The TV shipped from Kentucky and I live in Minneapolis.  Can't ask for any faster service than that!  They helped unpack the TV and waited until I turned it on to make sure it was working and I was satisfied.As for the TV, I'm very pleased with the picture.  It's my first LCD HDTV and I don't think I could be happier with the overall quality.  I have a 56" Samsung DLP in the living room and this LCD has gone in our bedroom.  The Touch of Color is VERY faint and I can only notice it when the lights in the room are on.  Even then it's not distracting at all.  It looks nice.Also, do yourself a favor and go to the AVS Forums and find the threads about this TV so you can get the display settings setup correctly.  They have a thread dedicated to calibrating the picture and it worked very well for me.  Someone created a very nice spreadsheet stating exactly what to set all the settings to and they worked very nicely.Also, this TV was practically made for Blu-ray.  Blu-ray looks amazing on this TV, even better than the 1080P DLP in our living room.  Far better than HD cable channels!  It properly displays 1080P24 content as Blu-rays were intended..  The AMP takes some getting used to.  I set it to Low because anything higher just makes the movies look unnaturally smooth.  So if you don't have a blu-ray player now, do yourself a favor and get one because NOTHING will look better on this TV than Blu-ray movies which utilize the full 1080P capabilities of this TV.My TV has the 1002.3 firmware on it (1003.M is the newest I believe) and so far there have been no resets.  So I haven't updated the firmware and I won't unless I have the reset problem.  No big deal though, glad Samsung got that issue fixed.Absolutely no problems and TV is great.  So if you're on the fence about this TV, just get it.  You won't regret it.  Also, Amazon's 30 day price match guarentee can't be beat by any other seller.  If they lower their price within 30 days of your shipping date, they will refund you the difference in price that you paid.  That was one of the biggest reasons for me getting it from Amazon.  Amazon has wonderful customer service too if anything should go wrong.  Buy from Amazon with peace of mind and save yourself a bunch of money.