I've now had my GT30 for just over a year and have not had a single problem yet.  It replaced my 40 inch Samsung LCD, which at the time I thought was near perfect.  During the process of buying my GT30 I bought a Sharp 60 LCD and returned that for a Samsung 55 LED, but both of them seemed to have major flaws.  The LCD was extremely heavy, hard as hell to mount the stand on it and had a very grainy picture quality compared to other TVs at the price.  The LED looked really sleek with its extra thin bezel and a weight that without an awkward size I could almost mount myself, but when viewing dark scenes where there were also portions of bright lighting the LED panels on the right and left side of the TV gave off a terrible glow; the glow only got worse the more off center from the TV you sat.  Once returning those 2 TVs, the before mentioned problems became bonuses to the Panasonic.  TO ALL LCD/LED OWNERS, FORGET EVERYTHING YOU THOUGHT YOU KNEW ABOUT PLASMAS!  Even in a brightly lit room I had no problem viewing dark setting TV/movies, which has been a huge complaint of plasmas.  The weight is not as light as an LED, but still weighs less than an LCD.  The humming some people mention is inaudible unless you're right next to it and this comes from someone with exceptional hearing.  It only costs $10 more a year to run this TV compared to an LED, so all that jazz about LED's saving money is a scam; if you can afford this TV or an LED then the $10 is nothing.  This is the PERFECT type of TV for someone into gaming or sports, because the refresh rate demolishes anything even the $3500 LED's offer to provide a much smoother looking picture quality.  The colors are a little more dulled than the LCD and LED, as they are in real life, so you aren't left with oversaturated colors that can bleed into eachother.  The bonus THX picture mode (only offered in GT and VT models) is a VERY nice bonus to help with TV dramas and blu ray movies.  I was able to get my GT30 for a staggering price of only 1100 from HHGregg after talking the sales guy down some, which saved me almost a grand over what a "comparable" LED would be.  Stop looking if you're confused about what type of TV to buy, GO PLASMA!!