Despite reading reviews about the high pitched noise, I figured that those instances were isolated.  However, I got my May 2007 manufactured set in late August and it has the same high pitched noise problem too.  This noise becomes increasingly distinctive when raising the backlight level.The backlight functions similarly to the brightness, but it works differently via illumination and doesn't modify the picture per se.  There are ten levels that correlate to how bright the backlight in the monitor is.  At level 6 (which another reviewer mentioned was a service desk's suggestion for a coverup that I find to be a lazy solution), the noise doesn't exist.  I hear noise at levels 7 and 8, but I can tolerate  it with a decent volume.  Level 9 was hit-and-miss where the noise is more noticeable with certain channels but not others.  Either way, I can hear it in my bedroom and it becomes quite evident at close range.  At level 10, look out!  Even with the volume up to a slightly loud level, I can hear the high pitched whine.  The picture quality itself isn't diminished when lowering the backlight settings; the lowered backlight setting merely results in less of the illumination effect that bolsters the image.  One shouldn't be as concerned about things getting blurry.Though Amazon has a nice return policy, I'm hesitant in shipping an entire TV back for another defective set.  So, I'm leaning towards keeping the backlight level between 6-8 and cranking the brightness setting up a little to compensate.  I won't get the benefits of backlight lighting as much, but I'm fine with that.  I might look into the suggestion of hooking up external speakers to help with the noise.It's a shame that such a pronounced problem affects this particular set for multiple people.  If it weren't for that noise, I would have rated this set with five stars.  I suppose that I could have rated this set four stars, but that would have implied good quality when I don't believe that anything with such a glaring defect for multiple people warrants a "good" rating.  I did mean to rate this 3.5 stars if possible.Aside from the noise, the picture is vibrant, my Wii graphics looks great despite the console's limited 480p capabilities, and there is a plethora of connection options from USB, HDMI, PC, component, and even the old composite/S-video combo.  Hooking up my computer to the TV is very convenient and turns this TV into a high quality monitor. The cabinet is good looking, the sound is decent despite the small speakers.  The remote isn't the most responsive I've had and it takes a while for the TV to turn on after pushing power, but those points are just nitpicking.Bottom Line:  This is a great set if you can live with the noise.  Apparently, that noise seems to be more pervasive than I thought.