I bought a similar Samsung set in January of this year and had a problem with it within the first month and a half (unfortunately I had bought it before moving to a new house and didn't set it up until we were settled in, my mistake and at that point it couldn't be returned).  The picture is "grainy" (for lack of a better term, it's actually grainy/sparkly/generally terrible looking) on all sources.  Oh well, although it can't be returned I can use Samsung's warranty and have the problem fixed, I'm not concerned at this point.  Samsung set up an appointment with a local TV repair place and they came out and looked at the set.  The tech didn't know what the problem was and decided that the screen needed to be replaced (he insisted it was on backward and that was what was causing the poor picture).  Weeks later the tech returned with a new screen but scratched the new one while trying to install.  ALthough I would need a new screen (he also scratched the original trying to put it back in the set) we noticed that the problem was still present with the new screen in place and the tech decided it was a problem with the light engine.  Again I wait for weeks while a new screen is ordered and finally he returns with the screen - but no new light engine.  The screen is replaced, nothing is better and the tech leaves.  Throughout the entire process I had been contacting Samsung and telling them I didn't think that the service person knew how to fix the problem and this was just more proof.  I called Samsung yet again, they called the service center (who said that it was fixed, even though it definitely was not and the light engine was never mentioned again), and customer support (supposedly executive customer support) said they would have to find a new service center.  Again I wait weeks for a call back, finally I have to call Samsung to find out the status.  I was asked to send in digital pictures of the problem so I did, but with the caveat that the resolution of my camera can probably not pick up the problem that I am seeing.Anyway, last week I was called by Samsung and they have finally decided that my set is "in spec".  They made this decision based on a few lower quality digital pictures and refuse to service my set for this problem.  I am stuck at this point with a TV that does not have a sharp picture and there is nothing I can do about it other than spend more money on a new set.Before you buy any Samsung product I would suggest thinking long and hard.  They do make some quality products but if you have a problem with it I would not expect their warranty service to help you in any way whatsoever.