WOW! Fabulous!! 4.5 starsI have researched LCD TVs for quite a while: about 7 months. I was set on purchasing the SONY XBR4 series, but could not justify paying $2400 - $3400 for a TV. So I just kept reading reviews from CNET and the AVS Forums, in addition to Amazon reviews. Eventually I settled on this one. I have had this TV for about 2 months.I am very pleased with the quality of the TV in terms of aesthetics, and signal output. I had cable, the signal was not all that great for local channels, as expected. Now, I have a dish and the local channels seem to be fairly clear. This is something I did not expect based on the reviews which have clearly stated that the standard signals are always low quality. Anything which takes advantage of 720p or 1080p are awesome to watch whether video games, DVD or HDTV.The Eagle Delivery service was fairly good. I would not say great, because they did not contact Amazon when they could not reach me. Someone transposed two digits of my phone number. Anyway, the TV sat in their warehouse for about 10 days -- no good. Had that not happened, I would have had my TV in 4 days. The quality of the TV is worth the wait. I was just annoyed by the local delivery agent.I tried to recreate the triple ball effect to no avail. I tried to recreate it playing Soul Caliber II and watching The Matrix. I had the  Auto Motion Plus set  to high with game mode on. I have firmware v. SS03.The settings I use for picture quality and color are found on the specific pages related to this product on the AVS Forums. I would suggest to use what they offer as a guideline with a mind to tweak as you become comfortable with the remote and the effect of the settings.Anytime Connections works well. I have a Samsung Upconversion DVD player, 1080p7. When I turn it on, the source from which the TV draws it signal automatically switches. It is quite seamless. (See review of Samsung 10807p).The only things I don't like are: when the TV is muted, the mute bar on the lower left side of the screen stays static. When watching movies using my amplifier, I have to lower the volume of the TV to zero. Secondly, the clear trim on the sides are a pain to clean. They are not solid pieces; I have small fingers so I can dust inside them. but not easily. Minor, but annoying.The one time I spoke with Samsung customer service, they were helpful and friendly. They even stayed online while I tested the solution they provided for me. Do not use the automated online chat as the people who work that end of customer service do not seem as knowledgeable.