I've had the set for about 2 weeks now, and I'm still stunned every time I turn it on. It seems impossible that a DLP television could generate a picture like this. I happen to own a Samsung 55" led lcd tv, and so comparing the 2 has been fun. I'd say that the Samsung has a bit more "crispness" to the picture, but beyond that the Mitsubishi wins hands down. The colors on the Laservue are something you'd have to see for yourself to belive, and as I've said before, at times it's like being lost in a technocolor dream. Mitsubishi claims that the set produces twice the amount of color as any other tv on the market, which initially seemed like some type of gimmick to me, but seeing is believing.  The black levels that it produces are way beyond what the Samsung can muster,  and the amount of depth in the picture is well, amazing. You will notice a big difference between blue ray and standard dvd's, and the standard ones will no longer seem adequate. The same goes for non HD broadcasts, they look just ok, and will quickly remind you how much better hd sources look. The 3D works quite well, but this set requires shutter glasses which have been purported to give some people headaches, although no one in my family is bothered by them. The TV I replaced was a  73" Mitsubishi dlp that used a bulb for back lighting. While it had a very nice picture, comparing it to the laserview is...well let's just say it would be unfair to compare them in any way. The 73" bulb driven tv can be had for as little as 1199.00 shipped however (if you watch for sales,) and don't get me wrong it's got a beautiful picture, just nowhere near what you'd see on a flat panel led or the Laservue. My only concern about the Laservue is life expectancy. I've read that the lasers should last about 60,000 hours, and if this is true, that's many, many years, but this is new technology, so time will tell. I'm told that the lasers will never lose there intensity, ie they will not grow dimmer over time, but again we'll see. I would have to say that this TV is not for everyone, and even though the price has dropped substantially, it is still quite expensive, especially when you compare it with the prices of some quite beautiful flatscreen lcd's. However, there is a huge difference between a 60" screen and a 75" screen, make no mistake. I did get my Laservue for 2999.99 shipped, but I noiced they are a bit higher now, not sure why. So in the end, if you can afford this tv, buy it, and I mean TODAY! You won't be sorry.