I thought I was going to spring for a Pioneer Kuro 50", after extensive research and comparison, it's pretty much the top of the top when it comes to quality, and I got a great deal for my buddy, who loves it. But in comparison, I only watch my 18 year old 27" TV a couple of hours a day, and I don't entertain with it on, so dropping $3K on a new set made no sense. I remember seeing the prototype of the Sony widescreen HD CRT sets in Tokyo in 1989, about $15K at the time, and I promised myself I would own one, once the price dropped. And voila! Almost 20 years later, my dream has come true. So can yours, if you can live with the difference in size, picture quality, and energy consumption. Yes, it's quite a bit deeper, but if you are replacing an old CRT, like mine (which died yesterday), you probably won't mind. As you already know, besides the Kuro, no LCD nor plasma is going to give you the detail and contrast (blacks) that a CRT will. And the thing nobody ever talks about is that CRTs will consume much less power than either LCD or plasma. The late model Wegas all come HDMI ready, which is required for all the upgrades coming with digital television broadcast next year, and though this 30" Sony will not achieve 1080p, it doesn't have to, because that resolution is wasted on any screen smaller than 50", a fact nobody here seems to acknowledge. I would go so far as to say, if you are not a film maker, you are wasting your time worrying about anything higher than 720p, which this set achieves. Still want to spend $900 at Costco or Best Buy for a comparable plasma? I bought my tv from a gamer who fell hard for his $4K Kuro, and sold his 1 year old Sony to me for...$180! I could have gotten the top of the line 36"XBR widescreen with matching stand for $450 used, but the point is, if you are looking for a bargain basement HDTV deal, for less than the price of a new Blueray DVD player, now is the time. Once you hook up that new HD DVD player, you'll forget all about that wall mount.