I have owned this TV for a little over a month now, and I could not be more impressed.  My seating area is 11 feet from the screen and the visual elements are perfect from this distance.  The picture is fully adjustable, I prefer the "vivid" look with bright colors and high contrast, but there are several viewing modes like "cinematic" which has a bit of a darker movie theater look, and each of these modes can be customized even further (adjust brightness, color etc..)One of the best things about this set, is IT'S JUST AS THIN AS AN LED!!! So throw the LED thiness advantage out the window because the Panasonic GT series is super thin!  Also, the refresh rate is incredibly smooth, I have literally seen zero motion blur on blu rays or watching the NBA finals. The sound is ok, but it's never good on a flat screen TV, I have an Onkyo Receiver and 5.1 surround sound, so I'm covered there.The setup for the TV is easy, I initially had it on the provided stand, and now I have it wall mounted, everything was easy I did it alone.  The HDMI input is horizontal and to the side, but for wall mounting that works fine, it's not a real drawback and if it is, you can buy a converter to have the HDMI inputs face the other way.I also attached an ethernet cable from my router to the back of the tv, and I can go online, and watch youtube.  And the Youtube videos look and sound terrific on here, it's nice not having to goto the PC when I want to see a clip that someone tells me about.If you are looking for a picture with better colors and contrast than any LED or LCD, and a faster refresh rate, then get this set.  Don't worry about pixel burnout, that is a thing of the past, and it only happens at airports when the plasmas have the same flight info on the screen 24/7, this TV has a screensaver and safety/temperature features... My last comment is that I own 2 Toshiba LED's, a Sony Bravia, and 4 other LCD TV's, and none of them compare to the Panasonic GT-30, there's a reason why so many film "purists" prefer high-end Plasmas, they're simply better...**UPDATE** I tested the 3D mode using Panasonic's own Glasses.  I watched the Siegfried and Roy Magic story & it was VERY IMPRESSIVE, to be honest the 3D worked better than I had expected.  I also watched several other 3D programs that my cable had on "Demand" and I played 2 XBox 360 games in 3D, Call of Duty Black Ops which is fantastic in 3D and NBA 2K11 which is pretty good in 3D but less colorful than 2D.  Overall the 3D works, it's not too early to get 3D, it is pretty darn cool!