I purchased this TV from amazon in Oct. of '06. As others have reported I was very pleased with the picture and other elements of this product.The other day the TV just died. No problem, I thought. It's still under warranty. I can call them, and they'll send out someone to repair it. I called Samsung support, and they created a repair ticket. They said they would call me back when their service locator was available. That took two days....a little irritating that it took that long to get me the name of a service center in my area that could perform the work, but it was nothing compared to the frustration to follow.I called the service center to setup an appointment for the technician to come out, but they said "sorry, you are out of our service area. We can't come out." I called Samsung support back and asked for a service center in my area. They stated there weren't any. HUH??? I live 25 miles outside of the 8th largest city in the U.S. (San Diego) and the only service center in my area is 60 miles outside of San Diego proper? That didn't seem right, so I called again and had another support person check. No....that is the closest one, and did I mention they don't service my area!!! The only recourse Samsung was able to offer was they would have to submit paperwork to get "executive approval" to have someone from the service center sent out for the repair. This would take 7 to 10 BUSINESS DAYS. Are you f@!*%$$& kidding me!!!??? That is completely unacceptable. I can't imagine any company having the arrogance to suggest such a thing to a customer..."sure, we'll get back to you in a couple of weeks." No thanks, I think I'll take my business elsewhere. I immediately asked to speak with someone higher up to get this problem escalated. The support person connected me with Executive level support, but they were just as ineffectual, saying the best they could do was to mark the request as urgent. I think we know how much that is going to change things.Obviously, Samsung has a process that is almost completely broken. To make a customer wait up to two weeks to have a repair ticket approved is mind numbingly ridiculous. Add to that the time it may take to complete the repair, and it could conceivably add up to three weeks or more. This is what I spent $2,400 for? Samsung will never see another penny from this consumer, and I'll do my best to steer other potential customers away from such egregious customer service.