I purchased this HDTV off Amazon about two weeks ago, and I am beyond pleased with it. I replaced a 26" Vizio 720p LCD with this. The features that really drove me to this TV is the LED backlighting and the 120Hz processing. This TV has a stunning picture quality with some of the deepest blacks and great color. The 120Hz TruMotion has really gotten me though. It makes everything much more realistic, almost to a point to being scary sometimes. Watching Blu-rays with the TruMotion on the highest setting almost takes you out of the movie. It's beyond cinematic, and it seems like I'm just looking out a window watching the actors in real life. It's not bad by any means, and in fact, I can't go back to not having it, but it may be too much for some people. You do have the option to adjust it, and you can even turn it off altogether.I use this TV currently for the following devices: an Xbox 360, PS3, Wii, Gateway PC, and Comcast Digital HD package. Gaming is great. I've noticed everything I've played so far has been super smooth and the response time is phenomenal. I've tried the following 360 games on it with great results: Halo 3, Need for Speed; Shift, Alan Wake, Modern Warfare 2, and Split/Second. The Wii looks a bit worse on this TV than on the small Vizio, but I imagine it's the increased screen size. I have the Wii hooked up with component cables and set to 480p widescreen, but playing Super Mario Galaxy 2, The Conduit, No More Heroes 2 looked kind of bad. I know the Wii is not an HD console, but it's a bit disheartening to see some of the better Wii's graphics downgraded. Now, with the PS3, I don't game to much, and I've yet to play a game on it with this TV, but as far as the Blu-ray goes, it's been outstanding. This TV is enough to make me just skip the theater and wait for movies to release on BD. Blu-ray movies have such amazing clarity on this set, and the 3-dimensional feel is incredible. I played The Dark Knight, and the movie is so deep. With this kind of picture, I think I can wait a decade for 3D HDTVs to prove themselves more worth it to me. My Comcast HD looks nice, too. I know it's not 1080p, but there's no complaint. The TruMotion is great in the case of sports, and watching Braves baseball is more enjoyable due to it.I'm loving my TV, and I'd say traditional LCDs should be no more. LED is so much better, and the LGs are priced very reasonably. I can't believe I got this for $850.