We have been using the Panasonic Viera TC-P55GT30 for about a month and remain very impressed. A considerable amount of research went into purchasing this TV.  In the end, the price to quality ratio seemed to be best for this unit. The picture is amazing (especially compared to our 2009 Samsung LCD). It is so sharp that I can actually see differences in quality between Blu-Ray discs (CGI based movies and Avatar 3D, also heavy in CGI, receive the gold medal thus far).  The black levels are deep with stellar contrast. THX is the most accurate to life of the picture settings, in my opinion. The 3D is amazing with the quality primarily resting upon the media (some 3D movies/games are not that impressive, no fault of the plasma).  We received the Panasonic TY-EW3D2MMK2 Ultimate 3D Starter Kit (Avatar 3D + 2 Rechargeable Glasses) free with the unit. We have not noticed any issues with fluctuating brightness, as some individuals report, and I have been on the lookout.  We are actively working to prevent burn-in, since this has been reported to be a problem.  After a month, I'm still blown away by the picture quality.The ports are on the left side of the unit (when facing it), which works perfectly making access much easier.  There is plenty of room between the ports and edge of the TV to bend the cables out of sight behind the screen.  The remote is user friendly.  The unit comes with an external wireless adapter; it's unclear why this hasn't been internalized.  The speakers are not of a great quality, but do the job; we will likely invest in a quality sound system sooner or later.There are a few things I don't like about the unit:1. Watching TV in a bright room is challenging.  The screen is very reflective and the picture brightness can't really compensate.  Using it in Vivid mode helps, but it is generally necessary to close the blind for the window facing the TV. This was not such a problem for the LCD, as is to be expected.2. The wireless is VERY slow to link with the router.  It often takes 30 seconds to a minute, which is annoying.3. The Viera Cast online resource is clunky. Netflix takes a very long time to load and is missing some utilities such as the search function.Overall, my slight misgivings are heavily out weighed by the jaw dropping picture quality, hence the five stars.  This is probably the sharpest image I have seen on a TV to date, and the price is relatively reasonable.  We are very happy with the purchase.