In a word, AWESOME!  I bought this from Amazon, it had the best price I could find, and it also included the free shipping.  My wife even loves the TV.I think I'm like most people, I just want a big TV with a nice picture.  I'm not into all the techie stuff, so I can't comment about all the do-hickies that do or don't connect to it.  All I know is when I plugged it in and connected it to cable, it looks fantastic.  Watching a Hi-Def sporting event on my Samsung is absolutely gorgeous!  The screen is much brigher and the colors more vibrant than my old rear-projection TV.  I mounted mine on the wall and was suprised at how much bigger the room feels vs. having my old rear projection TV.I did a ton of research about plasma and lcd TVs.  My conclusion was, as long as I get a brand that I've heard of the picture would be good enough.  The people that talk about how deep the blacks are and it being just a little warm, and...  These people must have supersonic eyes, 'cause when I went to the local Fry's, they had them all lined up and I couldn't tell the difference AT ALL; and I've had Lasik surgery!  I'd love to bet one of these video nuts whether they could tell the difference.  Cover up the brand and make them pick out which is the more expensive model.  I'll bet they're right only 50% of the time, they would be totally guessing.So, I was very close to buying one of the Vizio TVs.  They have very good reviews on Cnet.  Then I found this on Amazon for only about $200 more.  With the free shipping and no tax, it was almost a wash.  What swayed me to the Samsung and what I like most about the it is the look of the TV around the picture.  It has a high gloss, black piano finish with a very small silver stripe at the bottom.  The silver is not that noticeable because it is recessed and on an angle.  A friend of mine has a 50" plasma with a silver casing around the picture and I think the black looks much better, especially with the piano finish.  He also agreed with me when he came over to my house.  This TV has the "Wow" factor.Bottom Line:  At the price Amazon is selling this for, along with the free shipping; I think this is by far the best deal for the average person looking for a 50" TV.