Have had this for a month or so now - upgraded from a Sony 34 in CRT HDTV.The picture quality, 3D and regular HD, is excellent.  I compared this to the top of the line Samsung side by side in a specialty store, and the difference in quality, though not much, was perceptible to my average joe eyes in fast moving scenes. If picture quality is your key consideration, then you will have no regrets with the Panasonic. Also, I purchased this primarily for 2d viewing - this tv has the best 2d picture out there.Setup was  a breeze - no complaints there either.Now for the minor quibbles:I wasn't happy with the 4 preset picture settings - the THX was a bit too `dim' for regular TV viewing (it's fine when watching blu-ray stuff), and the vivid was, well, too vivid. I had to mess around and find a sweet spot between these 2, and create my own custom setting.The TV isn't to great with detecting the source format size - if you `zoomed' in to watch a 4:3 aspect DVD on the full screen, and switch to cable HD, the picture stays zoomed.  My 8 year old Sony was able to figure this out, so why can't this top of the line plasma?The plain Jane design sucks - for a top of the line plasma TV, one would have expected a bit more classier design, than  plastic black/brown strips on 4 sides. (the Samsung beats the Panasonic hands down in this category)There are USB ports on the sides, conveniently located to charge the 3D glasses (good idea!). However, they do not charge when the TV is on standby mode.  You would assume the circuitry could have been deigned to power the usb ports, even when the main TV is off ?The `free' 3d glasses provided with the TV suck - they don't fit either of my 2 young daughters, and let a lot of ambient light in from the sides, which not only distracts, but also reflects off the glasses into your eyes. (a further distraction).  To be fair, the TV has nothing to do with this issue!)The user interface for youtube and Netflix is passable, but a bit of pain to use and search through.(I queue up my Netflix online movies using my laptop,  and then navigate using the on-screen app.).Lastly, a comment about all 3d tvs - while a 50 inch size is `large', by any standards, it looks small when watching 3D, I suppose this is because objects look further away in 3d.  In retrospect, I should have bought the 54 inch (or larger!) one!