Many people who purchase a Samsung system are frustrated with their 3D experience. They often say that when they watch Monsters vs. Aliens the 3D experience is underwhelming.  I initially was one of these users.  I watched the movie on my new UN46C7000, C6900 3D Blu-Ray, and the 3D starter kit.  I saw little of the blurring others reviewers mentioned but I did see some (mostly in the background of heavily detailed scenes).  It never seemed to "pop" off the screen.  I got the package on promo for 1700.00 so it was actually cheaper than last years model without 3D.  I wouldn't have complained but I felt like I just got last years model with a "gimick".My review at this point would have been 2-3 stars overall.  Few 3D titles, great TV, and decent 3D experience.  However, this last weekend I purchase Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs and let me tell you, if future 3D Blu-Rays are this "wow" I'm sold.  The depth, color, clarity, and 3D effect were unbelievable.  I would say the 3D experience is a 5 star experience now.  No wonder Sony TV's are getting better 3D reviews.The TV itself is well constructed.  It is out of the box ready with simple to advanced user tweeking available.  I really felt like the 3D part of the TV was an bonus and not a selling point.  The longer I have the TV and the more I watch sports (translated into 3D from 2D) and the more 3D Blu-Rays I see I think it is the driving force of the TV.Pros: Samsung quality, size and dimensions of the TV (1.1" thick), gives a great 3D effect from 2D content (both from DVDs and cable), great and simple to use remote, simple setup, nice finish to TV "case", & contrast ratio very high.Cons: Need very expensive 1.4 HDMI cable to pipe 3D Blu-Rays to TV, Left out auto dimming on the 7000 seriers, Little can be done but while watching 3D viewer has to be sitting up (no laying down but hey, u can't do that in a theatre either), very few 3D titles, slight headache after watching 2+ hours of 3D (my limit seems to be 1 movie), & reviewers who are making judgements too early on the 3D experience.