This TV is amazing. The home theater company that came to install this TV (had some fancy wiring to do, specific to my install over the fireplace) recommended it, but could not stop watching it once we got it hooked up. Watching golf in HD...you see the blades of grass. Watching CSI Miami, you see the blood droplets (can be good or bad :). The Comcast guy that came to install the CableCard for my Tivo Premier box was absolutely amazed by it. Anyone that has seen it is truly amazed by the picture. Even in a bright room with windows, there is very little glare. We can watch with pure clarity any time of the day.This TV is super thin, and that amazes friends too. I have it mounted on a Peerless Ultra Thin Flat Panel Wall Mount. This is way more low profile than the "picture frame" mount that Samsung is selling. I have this TV hooked up to a Yamaha RX-V665BL and a Bose cube system, so I have never used the in TV speakers. The menu system is a little goofy and slow, and the remote takes some getting used to. If you have this TV connected to a receiver, which you should, you may never use the remote anyway. I have the Tivo remote programmed to handle everything. The widgets are cool, but require using the Samsung remote, and are very slow to load. I have the TV hooked to my Cat5 cable, so its not my wireless connection. Once you get used to the remote though, going in and changing settings, such as picture modes is easy, but rarely necessary.Did I mention this TV is amazing? Watch a few Blue Rays on this baby, and you will be hooked. And if you aren't sure wether or not you will notice the difference between 240hz and the 120hz, go into the demo mode. Anyone that says the human eye cant tell the difference is trying to sell you a 120hz TV. You don't notice the difference...until you see them side by side. Then you will know the difference for sure, trust me.I am most amazed by: the picture quality, the thin profile of this TV, it sits just over an inch off of my wall, the way the TV looks even when it is off, the 240hz frame rates.I am not as impressed with: the gadgets, the menu interface, the infrequently used remote.