I need more content. On 8-25 CBS announced that they are going to produce the U.S Open in 3D. Direct TV will carry it. They are going to offer it to other cable and satelite outlets. I am blitzing broadcasters to pick up any 3d content they can.If you go to ESPNs 3d website you can sign a post to petition you local cable provider to get ESPN 3D. Most of the big guys have the plans in the works alreday. I will not feel good about it until I can the option to watch native 3d when I want.The tv is pretty awsome. I can say, this is my first plazma and Im SO glad that I got this deal. The tv, 3d dvd and 4 pair of glasses. Wow. I has taken me about a week to get all the configs where I feel comfortable watching. I have had to rethink my black levels a bit. Im now trying to decide if my black levels are that deep or if they are crushed. Thats not a bad problem to have. The tv has a grey scale and color bars in the settings. I wish i could hook up a scope to set the video levels with out having to eye ball it.Great TV but I got 2 issues so far.First off If you plumb everything in HDMI and then fiber the audio using the tvs fiber output. It only passes 2 channels of digital audio. WHAT? Why would you do that? Just added a few more ones and zeros in to the stinkin decoder.! Later I even read in  the manual that it only passes 2 channels out the optical out put. Boo.Next Issue, I love the pip function of the tv. What Stinks is that you have to navigate halfway downt the settings menu to the general settings and then navigate all the way to the bottom of the PIP settings menu then turn it on or off. and you have to do the same thing to get out of the PIP. The PIP has some cool other functions I have not seen before but its a pain to get there. Guess I will just have to get good at it.Great TV. I cant beleive I own one.!update: it took me 10 days but i found a short cut to the PIP. its on the tools button on the remote. I still need more content. My neighbors came over and watched MVA. "Thats sick! Thats sick! I have never seen anything like it, not even at the theaters." I think thats a good review. One of the guys said that it reminded him of the first time he ever saw good HDTV years ago.