**Edit: Pictures of color bar oddities now posted in customer images.**I read the reviews, liked the specs, and was excited that this was the latest 2014 model with a fast processor and 6 active zones for better black levels. I really, really wanted to like this TV.However, I had big color calibration issues. With my Roku3, my main device, they were major. Fleshtones were incredibly red and other colors were also way off. None of the built-in picture modes corrected this (Calibrated Black was my baseline, since it was supposed to be very good right out of the box). I tried manual adjustments. I tried a factory reset on the TV. I pulled up the color bar test patterns in the TV, and saw that the white/yellow bars were green, and all the other colors were off too. Weird!I emailed Vizio and sent them pictures of the color bar patterns, but all they could suggest was a power cycle and a factory reset, both of which I'd already done. Assuming I got a dud, I called Amazon tech support and arranged a replacement. TV #2 had the same problem. Noooooo!!! Then I tried the color bar test pattern on my Blu-ray player, and it looked just like it should. What...? I unplugged the Blu-ray and plugged in the Roku3 (same TV input, same calibration settings, same HDMI cable) - weird color problems again. Then I swapped in my old LG television - same Roku, colors are fine.Emails to Roku's customer support resulted in finger-pointing at the TV, since it works fine with the LG. Vizio likewise doesn't believe it's their problem. Unhappy with the clown colors on every show, I reluctantly decided the second set had to go back.The big plus was how good Amazon's 30 day tech support is. They picked up right away late at night, listened to the problem and what I'd tried to fix it, offered smart advice, and ultimately great support for the return including UPS pickup. Although they won't give free returns if you just don't like the TV, it's nice to know that if something is really wrong they're very willing to accommodate, not once but twice.