Understanding the differences among HDMI cables requires some understanding of the basic HDMI specifications. The specs have changed over the past few years and we're now up to Version 1.4. This new version includes some important changes to the 1.3 specification:* A new 100Mb/s HDMI Ethernet Channel* An increased resolution capability3D formats and resolutions up to 1080p are therefore supported. Note that Deep Color capabilities were already present in HDMI 1.3.The cable for HDMI 1.4 will fit into the HDMI slot on older equipment. That is, if you are using an older TV, processor, Bluray player, or other device that does not utilize the 1.4 specification, you can still use this newer cable. If you have a brand new 1.4-capable device and use a 1.3 cable, you may or may not get the high resolution and you won't get the Ethernet capabilities. That latter issue is only in the 1.4-spec cables.Digital is quite different from analog. With digital signals, you either have the signal or you don't. As you know from digital TV over-the-air, the picture is either perfect or it's missing entirely. There's no in between as there was in the old analog transmission days. With that in mind, there is almost no difference between a high-end expensive digital cable and an inexpensive but well-constructed digital cable. Either the picture and sound will be flawless or it will be missing. There's no need to spend a lot of money.So here we have a high quality HDMI cable that meets the new specifications for HDMI 1.4 that will be of interest to most folks. It has the high speed capability (this will allow 1080p, and note that SOME HDMI 1.4 cables are not high speed) AND it has the Ethernet connectivity.Using an Oppo BDP-93 Blu-ray player and a Sony 3D monitor, bypassing my processor which is not 1.4 capable, I found this cable to work without any difficulties, providing the connectivity as desired. The cable itself is not so stiff as to be difficult to maneuver and 10 feet is sufficient to allow the cable to easily reach your home theater gear if your setup is nearby to the TV. I noted that the cable is promoted as being "braided" but the exterior of the cable I received has a solid coating...no big deal, of course, since I never see the cable once it's in place.So ... the right cable for the right price for all your newest 3D and Blu-ray equipment.