I have been looking around for a 1080p TV for a long time to upgrade my room and I finally came to buy this TV and I would never look back.  I wanted a TV good for gaming, has great picture clarity, and of course good HD playback whether it be Blu-Ray or HD channels on cable.  This TV has lived up to all of my expectations that I had for it except for one problem.  The 240Hz "TruMotion" even when on low has some distorting effect on moving background images.  Usually nothing that takes a lot away from the overall picture and nothing that lasts more than a couple seconds but I always seem to find those things.  I am convinced it is the 240Hz considering I have watched the same movies on 120Hz 1080p LED TV and there was only very slight distortions.  When playing a Blu-Ray on 1080p, it is less noticeable than if you where watching HBO HD or some other Cable TV HD channel.Picture clarity and brightness are phenomenal!  We have the Samsung 55" LED set downstairs and when I compared it almost looked like this LG was brighter and was more clear when playing a Blu-Ray disc, or playing a PS3 game.  Sound quality is very good of built in speakers.  Usually I can't let it go over 40 otherwise it is too loud when comparing it to the Samsung, sometimes we need to put the volume all the way up to 85-90.Overall I am very happy with this TV for the price that I paid for it, I just bought a new Blu Ray player to replace my Samsung P1500, I will be hooking up a Panasonic DMP-DB85K later this week to see if it will make any difference in Blu-Ray clarity.  So far the best movie that I have watched on this TV picture-wise is District 9... watched that yesterday and WOW it was an amazingly clear, crisp and bright picture.If you are looking for a closer to budget priced 1080p LED TV this would be the TV you should consider.EDIT:2 days ago I hooked up my Panasonic DMP-DB85K Blu Ray player and I will say there is a a slight difference over my older Samsung model.  I went through the settings on the DVD player and turned on the 24p setting (plays the dvd at 24 frames per second  which is what movies are recorded in) and there was a good difference in playback.I also played around with some settings in the picture menu, about the distortion about black edges/images... I turned the "Black Level" setting to High and I keep TruMotion 240hz to Low and I notice that there is less distortion on Blu Ray play back.  I will continue to play around with some settings and see if there can be any more changes I can make.