Ok, so I did a lot of research before buying this.  Read a lot of reviews but sadly ignored minor things I saw here and there that should have raised a red flag.  First, CNET has really good critical reviews on TV's, check that out before your read anymore user reviews.  I'll make this brief.  The TV is attractive, very sleek.  The picture is great, very bright, great contrast, deep blacks.  The internet connectivity is good for what it is.  Settings are plentiful.  Here is the reason for the 3 stars: If you sit on the middle cushion the TV looks great.  If you sit 2 cushions over, it sucks, plain and simple.  The viewing angle is horrible.  You will see grey blacks and you will actually see the LED light from the edges of the TV.  I can't believe top of the line Samsung LED LCD (from 2010) suffers so terribly from this.  I have a L shaped couch and a love seat on the other side.  My living room is a social place and people watch TV from various angles.  I was sooooooo disappointed when I finally got this TV and If I sat 45 degrees from  the center, the only thing I could see is faded grayish picture.  I was expecting perfection.  Oh, and another thing.  My parents have an older Samsung LCD that's 120Hz and I've noticed the blurring every time something moves fast, its distracting and hardly accurate.  SO, I decided to get the 240Hz, hoping this wouldn't happen.  Guess what, its barely different, it still happens.  Not only watching sports or fast action movies, but even if a girl flips her hair in a movie, you see blurry hair, lame...  Other than that, the TV is great! But to me the inaccurate contrast/picture based on the viewing angle and lame "motion plus bs" was enough to make me return it.  Thanks Amazon for giving me 30 days from the day I received it to make sure its what I wanted.  In conclusion, I bought the Samsung Plasma 8000 series from Amazon (I'm a Samsung guy), it solves these problems, its cheaper, its bigger (51") and there's no compromise, unless you consider the extra $25/year it'll cost you to run it.