The TV itself is great. I purchased it December 2007. Everything was going great and we were enjoying it a lot until the power supply went out in the TV (March 2008). We contacted the store we purchased the TV from and they sent someone out to take a look. After confirming the power supply needed to be replaced they told us that it would be June or July before they could get the parts. The repair company and the store we purchased the TV from both said that having the customer contact Toshiba directly usually results in a better response on getting parts.We contacted Toshiba directly, they assigned a rep to our problem, and we haven't heard anything back since. Each time we call Toshiba to get an update on the parts for our TV, they tell us that the rep has all the information and will call us back. They refuse to let us speak with the rep they assigned to the case, and they refuse to let us speak with a manager at Toshiba's call center.When asked why it takes so long to get parts for a new model TV, the response from Toshiba was, "Well, we make a lot of TVs and some of these parts come from overseas".I have had other Toshiba products and been very happy with them, but this experience with their customer service has turned me off of purchasing Toshiba products in the future.The real kick in the pants... we even purchased the "extended warranty" when we bought the TV and it has done absolutely nothing for us.The TV is really nice... when it's working but for the last month or so all I've had is a big dead black square hanging over my fireplace.Something is disturbing is that before purchasing this TV I couldn't find any bad reviews of this TV (a few complaints about the "green problem").  After having the TV for a few months, I see that other people are having the same type of issues with their TVs and getting the same response from Toshiba's customer service department.If you are getting ready to purchase this TV, I'd wait a few more months to see if any more bad reviews pop up around the Net.