After much research in this price range, I decided to go ahead and purchase the 42LD550.I haven't had the TV for long at the time of review, but I can say so far the experience has been amazing.  Not a single defect in the panel, no overly noticeable backlight bleeding on my screen, and overall excellent color and quality out of the box.For watching movies I keep the Trumotion settings on low.  It's the perfect balance that helps reduce motion blur, while at the same time avoiding the "too fast" soap opera look.I can't attest too much to the internet features, as the PS3 does basically everything that Netcast supposedly does.  I didn't see the merit in buying the wireless adapter if the PS3 could already serve all of the functions that I wanted (and then some, e.g. Hulu Plus).The reason I bought this model over the 42LD520 is because of the higher contrast ratio (150k:1 vs 100k:1), not because of the internet features.  It's nice to know though that if I ever need any of those features they are there.I don't have a cable/satellite subscription, so I can't say how it performs as far as antennas or interaction with cable boxes, but I don't have any reason to believe it would perform any differently.  I've become a Netflix+Hulu user because I can't stand to pay the amount for cable/satellite when I can get everything I need elsewhere (not a sports watcher).  Internet content comes in at a lower quality (even in 1080p) because of compression, so unfortunately I don't get the very best out of the TV all of the time, but I still enjoy Blu-ray in full quality.As with any flat panel, the speakers leave something to be desired, but I plan on getting a home theater system in the coming weeks, so that will soon be an issue of the past.The only weakness in this whole buying process was the shipping, but both Amazon and the carrier (Pilot) were able to work everything out with me.  If you're buying this during the holiday season and you have the option of doing scheduled delivery, I would recommend giving a few days of buffer from when it actually says the delivery will be available.  I expected the TV to arrive in a certain time-frame, so I worked from home that morning, and then no one ever showed up.  Upon calling Pilot I was told that they hadn't received the package from Amazon yet.  Well, that would have been okay if someone had let me know ahead of time.  Like I said, Amazon handled this situation beautifully, and I don't have any regrets.