We rec'd this TV and the mounting screws for the base of the unit did not fit. We contacted Vizio cust. service. They told us to take the users manual to the hardware store and get the correct screws, which we did. The screws sent by Vizio were the correct screws according to the manual but the holes were improperly drilled. Vizio told us they would mail out replacement screws and noted they had this problem before. We told them the screws were fine but the holes were defective. They said they would send screws that fit. Then they told us we had to email them proof of purchase. We scanned the Amazon receipt and emailed. Now 10 days have gone by and still no screws have been sent to us. We called Vizio again and they said they could not read the email attachment we sent to show proof of purchase. They never bothered to call us or email us to let us know this. Then they told us they could not help us until we provided proof of purchase. The representative was rude, disrespectful and unwilling to help us solve this problem. This second rep refused to take any action and refused to transfer me to a supervisor unless I provided a serial number from the TV. She also kept repeating she needed to see the TV warranty. Although we tried numerous times to explain that this was a brand new TV not yet plugged in, she kept saying she had to verify it was under warranty. I was finally transferred to a supervisor only to be put on hold for 10 min.  I hung up. The rep called back and demanded to know why I hung up. I explained her support was rude and unacceptable and if this was the way Vizio treated their customers, I wanted no business with them. I told her I was calling Amazon to return the defective TV. She never apologized but then offered to send replacement screws without warranty verification and proof of purchase. I declined, stating I had no trust she would honor her offer and we knew the holes in the base were improperly drilled, not the wrong screws! I had no intention of attempting to resolve yet another issue w/this TV once I rec'd incorrect screws for a defectively drilled base. I called Amazon and reported the problem. Amazon was amazing, and sent a carrier within 3 days to pick up the TV as a defective return. Thank you Amazon for coming to our rescue!I hope our experience was isolated but felt the need to inform others of our deplorable experience.