I am writing this because I have seen some reviews trashing Sharp's customer service, and I felt the need to share my own experience to even things out.I had originally ordered the LC-42D62U (not from Amazon - sorry!), but discovered some minor 'banding' issues with the set when I hooked it up.  Overall, the picture was outstanding, but in dark or deep shadow areas slight variations in tone were evident as horizontal bands.  If I'd only spent a couple hundred dollars on the set, I might have just let it go, but for over $1500, this wasn't acceptable.  I was initially nervous because, although most customer reviews for Sharp's LCDs were positive, some of the negative ones were accompanied by customer service horror stories.  So, with some trepidation, I called Sharp.  It was a Wednesday afternoon.  The representative I spoke to was courteous and friendly, and asked if I could take a digital photo of the problem and e-mail it to Sharp.  That was reasonable to me, so I agreed.  I didn't get a chance to send the pics until Friday around noon, from my office.  By the time I got home from work I had received a reply thanking me for the pics and promising a prompt reply.  By the time I woke up on Saturday, I had received another e-mail saying they had reviewed the pics, would exchange the set, and would contact me to make arrangements.  Monday morning I got a call at my office from another courteous rep telling me that my new set would arrive in 7-10 days, and the trucking company would pick up the old set when they dropped off the new - AND that since the D62 line was no longer in production, they would be sending me one of their brand new (thinner, lighter, more feature-laden) D64's.The exchange went off without a hitch, and the new set looks absolutely fantastic.  Like all LCDs, some fine tuning was definitely required, as the out-of-box settings are overly bright and saturated (to make them pop on showroom floors), but once the set is properly tuned it looks amazing.  Blu-ray is awesome!!So, the product is a definite winner, and my initial problems were handled with speed, courtesy, and professionalism.  All in all, I have to say that this turned out to be the best experience I've ever had with customer service from ANY company.