First, I'll say I'm very satisfied with the TV. Crystal clear HD and very good processing of non-HD signals. Blacks are awesome.  If I had it to do over again, I would purchase the same c7000 model instead of the c8000.However, there are noteworthy items for those shopping:Wireless Internet -For easy-setup wireless Internet use, it requires a separately purchased USB adapter device with the correct plug type. Conveniently, Samsung makes one that you can buy for $50 - $70. In my opinion, Samsung should have put in an internal wireless adapter. What a shame. Would have only cost about 75 cents.To connect my TV to the wireless router, instead of a USB dongle, I used a TrendNet TEW-430APB configured as an Access Point Client which is plugged into the Samsung's Ethernet jack. The TrendNet unit is about $40 and requires a little bit of networking knowledge to configure. This solution might be preferable if you think you will need additional Ethernet connections in the same area as the TV. Additional connections can be made available with the purchase of an Ethernet switch.Image Retention -I expected a little of this.  If you pause an image and leave it for a while, it WILL burn in but only temporarily. There is a scrolling-bar feature that exercises the pixels and removes the image. It will also go away on its own.  Supposedly severe image retention stops happening as the display panel "cures".Blurring around the edges -This was a big disappointment for me initially but it has been fixed with sets that have firmware version 1026 and later. Older sets can be updated by doing a firmware update that is described in the downloads/support section of the c7000 page at Samsung's website.This effect is called Motion Judder Cancellation (MJC) and it was very noticeable on images being panned in front of a moving background. If you have the effect (it looks like a watery halo around an object's edge) on your TV, it can be fixed by doing the simple firmware update. You will need a computer with Internet access and a USB thumb drive. In lieu of the firmware update, it can be turned off by turning ON Game Mode and then turning Game Mode OFF while using the particular affected input.I did not buy this set for its 3D capabilities so I cannot comment on that.  3D theater movies are novel but I find even the theater's lightweight glasses cumbersome.  Battery-powered home sets are no doubt heavier.  I wore glasses for the first 35 years of my life - post-LASIK, I'm not going to wear them to watch TV.