Got this TV as my growing up present for my college dorm at christmas. Had the whole hall in my room permanently.Seriously the TV was well priced at 650 when I got it thanksgiving 2010. Just so y'all know what I use this for: I play a pathetically large amount of video games on my 360.  Also, I hook my macbook up to it with an HDMI to mac cable for watching movies or shows or listening to music.The TV quality looks great but one thing I've noticed comparing it to my friends similar TV is that his blacks are blacker. By that I mean that when the screen is showing lots of colors, the blacks on the screen are like if someone held a black shirt in front of a bright ol lamp. Looking at reviews before I bought this I didn't understand the black blacks deal.Prepare for people to tell you your TV looks fake or cartoony or bad. The picture with 120Hz looks different. It looks like green screen on green screen kind of. I like it but some people don't. It definitely makes old or poor quality movies look older or at least points out the flaws.I at first used the feature of music on the TV by permanently having a flash drive in the back of the TV. Now I use my Xbox or more often now I just plug my macbook directly into my speaker system. Cut out the middle man.The sound on the TV is alright but if you're spending this much on a TV, go all the way and get some decent speakers. I spent $50 on a $100 set of broken box speakers from logitech. I'm pretty sure they're more for a computer or something but they sound a hell of a lot better then the TV's speakers and they were an older model.The energy saving feature is nice. When I'm playing with the window it's nice to have the screen brighter and then turn the energy saving on high when I play with just a small lamp on. It's probably good for the environment too. Minus the fact its a 42 inch lightbulb.In conclusion........ The  TV is nice and I would probably buy it again. They only thing is that at the speed technology moves, I might have gotten a cheaper one so could upgrade sooner. At the current, I'll have this baby for many years to come.