First of all, the deal on this TV was amazing. The price was a steal at the time of purchase compared to MSRP. My friend purchased the LNT4061F recently, so I had a chance to compare them. Would it be worth it at retail price compared to the next model down? Not really, since the only noticeable difference to me is the 120hz.Secondly, the fact that for a couple hundred more bucks compared to the previous model I got 120 frames per second on my TV was especially nice. I usually appreciate that kind of refresh rate when I'm playing games on my PC. Having that on my TV makes the movements look eerily realistic and somehow fake at the same time... You'll either love or hate the effect. Some people liken it to watching someone moving in front of a green screen, but to me it's almost like it's more three-dimensional watching them whether it is an HD or STD signal. It's practically the reason why I purchased this TV over the older model. Watching Batman Begins on an HD-DVD player on this TV was jaw-dropping!I bought this TV primarily for my XBox 360, and let me tell you it performs wonderfully. Sure, any new/decent TV nowadays can output in 1080p, but again it's the 120hz that makes the games look even better. Best of all, my dang screen isn't cut off anymore like on my old CRT HDTV! Now I can see that ammo counter in the corner! I also hooked up my PC and played some games on it... it was more than I could imagine... and I have a 22" widescreen monitor!Honestly, the reason why you're paying extra seems to be the 120hz refresh rate. I haven't any triple-ball effect watching NFLHD or ESPNHD and mine is set to High. I should also note that my TV was manufactured in October 2007, so perhaps the older models have the issue. There is a firmware update available, but my TV doesn't have it, nor do I plan on upgrading since I don't have this particular issue. I highly recommend you preview this TV's 120hz image before you purchase because as I said, you will either love or hate the effect. Fortunately, you can turn it off... but if you do, it would be a waste and a pity!