So this TV is very nice and the picture quality is fantastic.  However, since I have been purchasing a lot of items on Amazon for the holidays I decided to get Amazon Prime.  One reason was because I would have access to Amazon Video.  This TV was suppose to have Amazon Instant Video as well as NetFlix.  Well my unit does not have either Amazon Instant Video or NetFlix.  I spent over an hour and a half with Panasonic yesterday dealing with this.  30 minutes proving to them this TV is suppose to have both of those options (Seriously you are the Manufacture).They finally agree yes this TV should have both and said they need to research this and contact me in 72 hours.  Ok fine.  I get a call today explaining that they do not know why I am missing these two applications and effectively it would be shelved until they have more calls on it to figure it out.  I asked if they were going to replace my TV and he said no because it works.  I explained to them over and over that I paid for a TV that has both NetFlix and Amazon Instant video and neither applications are there so the TV does not work.  Around and around we went with that debate.My options are return the TV to Amazon due to any issue for a Panasonic manufacture issue, deal with not having those applications even though I paid for a device to have them, or call a service tech.  Keep in mind I am told if I call a service tech I will likely have to pay for the service call because the TV  is " functioning properly" but only missing 2 applications.  Sort of like purchasing a vehicle with a Satellite radio only to find it does not work.  I did not drop over $1,300 to have a TV that works 98%.At this point I am waiting for a return call from a supervisor as no manger was able to take my call at 10am in the morning when they called me today.I warn you be careful of Panasonic's service.  I read numerous reviews stating how horrible the service is and I thought ahh it will be fine.  Well here I am.  Now I have a decision to make and it is total BS in my opinion.Aside from the 2 issues I stated the TV is really nice.