When the tube on my 5-year-old Sony TV went out, I was under the gun to find a new HDTV. For the past few years, I've been loyal to the Sony brand, but since my old TV didn't work out so well, I was less brand-centric this time - BIG MISTAKE.Don't get me wrong - Philips is a fine mid-range brand, and you usually get a good value out of it. I've owned several Philips electronic products over the years (though of much lower value) and have been satisfied. I went to the store looking at probably buying a Sony Bravia 46", but it was out of stock. The Philips looked good in the store and was $100 less, with 120hz instead of the standard 60hz on the more expensive Sony. So I took the plunge.First off, make sure you know the connections. I was disappointed to get home and find my older surround sound system did not have a great connection to the Philips, which has digital audio out and a headphone jack. No standard RCA audio out! My sound system doesn't take digital audio, so I had to go with a stereo-jack (headphone jack) to RCA conversion. The result is that only 3 of my 5 speakers in the system worked.Adjusting the picture was horrible - there are no manual adjustments - you have to use the dummy menus in the Philips, which make the picture judder or the colors too bright, etc. So to keep from getting strange after-effects, I turned off all the fancy picture settings as one .CNET review suggested. The result was a very dull, gray color.THEN - the nail in the coffin - I had the TV for about 2 weeks when the sound starting going out. I would turn on the TV - no sound. Unplug the surround sound to make sure that was not the problem - still no sound from the TV built-in speakers. After about 15 seconds, the sound came on. It then did this several times over the next few days. At first I thought it was a problem with the wires to the surround box, but it wasn't.So I returned the TV - best decision - and bought the 46" Sony Bravia (which by then had "rolled back" to the same price as the Philips).Please - don't waste your hard-earned $700.