I paid about $4,200 elsewhere plus tax because at the time Amazon wanted over $5k.  Now, less than 2 months later I see is for $3,600 on Amazon and given the tax free nature and good return policies, I'd recommend go with Amazon.The TV itself is stunning  I'm scheduled to get it calibrated by a pro, but out of the box, the two major settings I use are 'brilliant' and 'cinema.'.Use Cinema or 'game' for most of your everyday watching.  Watching a movie like Black Swan on Cinema is every bit as good, if not better than watching it in a high end digital theater.  Except you don't step in gum on the way out :)However, 'brilliant' is what you turn on when you want your friends to fall out of their chair.  Put on movies like Star Trek (2009), Cars or Speed Racer.  Movies with alot of sharp 'over the top' colors, and put this TV into brilliant and you find you weren't aware your eyes could see the depth of color shown.  It's almost like they built the TV out of Neon.When Lighting McQueen pulls out of the Trailer in the opening seen in all is super bright red shiny glory, its absolutely mind boggling looking at this TV vs. anything else.The 3d is good, but maybe its my content, but I remember alot of 3d in theaters where the image doesn't just go 'in' to the screen' but pops out in front of the screen.  Yet I've yet to really see that affect with this TV.  I don't know if its the limited show's I'm watching or a limitation on the technology.Unfortunately the TV needs an add-on kit to be realistically 3-d ready.  That adds more cables and remote control complexity.  It takes a fair amount of button presses to bring up 3d content and then go back to 2d.  I'd hoped this would all be automatic.  I don't know if this is the case for other 3d TV's.The only other minor complaint is when you switch between certain settings (such as cinema or brilliant) or switch sources, it takes a fairly long time for the TV to start displaying a new image.  For about 5 to 10 seconds you stare at a blue screen with your source (i.e. DVR) displayed in the upper left corner while it get's its act together.Over, very very satisfied.  I have not seen a TV look better than this, and of course, nothing under $20k can come close at 75" with other technologies.  I would say 75" is the minimum size you need to truly appreciate theater like 3d at home.