The first TV i got had small spot of a few dead pixels. Not terrible but it was in a visible spot and i didn't think in 2011 it should be acceptable. Amazon replaced it with another one. Although I certainly appreciate Amazon arranging pickup of the returned one rather than me taking it to the UPS and paying for shipping and later getting reimbursed, just the packing - disassembling the stand, making sure everything was in the box to the single screw etc. was a bit of a hussle.The replacement TV didn't have any dead pixels and I am very happy with it. The 3D is absolutely awesome. It is my first exposure to 3D at home and the technology certainly seems mature enough to warrant much more 3D movies available and at more reasonable price. And it's certainly dissapointing to see that they are sold mostly in packs of 4-5 discs in all possible formats including regular DVD just to jack up the price.The 2D image is fine, tried different modes, mostly standard and cinema and it looks good and none of the adjustments are at the end of their range so you can make it brighter, sharper etc. if you need to. I don't have any test DVD with some pattern like old TVs used to have it just looks good and since most DVDs have their own problems and perfectionists would need to make individual adjustments anyway I just checked that making further adjustments is possible and stopped there.Also I didn't expect that away from big cities on standard over-the-air antenna of a camper it would be able to receive 25 channels. Pleasant surprise.The Glasses: they are certainly far from being comfortable. Also they have small height and sit far from eyes (to allow for regular glasses) so light can come through the space between your face and glasses' surface and create a lot of reflections from inside surfaces of the glass. in some types of light could be very annoying and mess up the viewing. As far as charging i haven't had any problem. i am sure it could last longer, i just plug it in after a day or two of viewing (2-3 hours) and never had a problem.I didn't test/use the network and internet features.