I recieved this delivery yesterday afternoon from Santa. AFTER reading thie reviews AFTER purchasing the Coby LED TV 1526 15 inch LED TV 720 P 60H2 w/ HDMI, I was thinking MAYBE I will fall into the lucky bell curve of the top 50% effective televisions. NOPE! This was a Christmas gift. After reading the complaints, I felt compelled to test the TV out before I wrapped the gift. I was ok with the TV not being perfect such as the TV's angle, they way it sounds, not the perfect color. I mean, you get what you pay for. Anyway, the inside of the screen was cracked. Meaning, when you turned on the TV, the screen looked liked someone stuck thier fingers in blue and black paint, and flicked thier fingers and made splatter marks therfore leaving a cracked apperance. Fine, you get what you pay for. It wasnt until I called a company in Illiones, that bounced me too Coby. COBY wanted DID NOT WANT to accept any responability and threw be back to Amazon. (whom I have not contacted at this point) I have a feeling, Amazon is only going to do one, of two things 1) send me back to Coby or 2) they send it back to Coby for me. (which may charge shipping fee's of 50.00) uh, why bother reurning a TV, that you paid 80.00 bucks for only, to send the TV back for 50.00 dollars in shipping. Chalk it up as a lost. peorid. Is it really worth the aggervation? I can handle a broken TV. However the unprofessionalsim, and not wanting to accept the responability for anything. They were RUDE RUDE RUDE RUDE...so I can send the TV back for 50.00 bucks wait 6-8 weeks to fix then they will send it back. Amazom is great. I have no problem with them, when I have had, very little, minor problems, Amazom is nice, extremly professional and resolves the problem and is not rude..I would never buy or reccomend buying a prodcut from this company ever again. GO SOME WHERE ELSE ANOTHER COMPANY..DO NOT BUY FROM COBY..OR SPEND THE RXTRA 30.00 bucks for a TV from a reptuable company even of Label as long as they a professional.