I just bought this tv a few days ago and it's great! The picture quality is amazing! I have monster HDMI cables and Optimum HD and tv shows never looked so beautiful. The sound is really good. I leave it on 17 or so and I believe it goes up to the 70's.  Don't quote me on that though. I also have an Xbox 360 hooked up via the component cables and it makes me truly appreciate the investment I made buying the next-gen console. There are plenty of inputs/outputs.  The only gripe I have so far is that the remote is really simple. Sony remotes usually have a ton of options and buttons but not this one. You can even connect your computer onto the tv and have picture in picture with the tv playing in the bottom right. (haven't tried yet though!)  I really recommend buying this TV.  It is a fair price for a great product.UPDATE: DEC 1, 2010.3 Years later and this TV is still perfect. This proves my theory that when you buy TV's you gotta go for the name brands. I know people who get Olivea, Vizio, and even Samsung HDTV's to have them have issues within the first year(like sound issues and snowy line towards top of display, not to mention samsung cutting off portions at the bottom of the screen). I use this tv everyday and a lot of times leave it on for 10+ hours. I still have not had one issue for the last 3 years. This was a great investment and trust me when I say...Sony makes the best TVs.UPDATE: DEC 2, 2011.Wow. What a coincidence I happened to look at this almost one year from today. I still have this TV and it is still working great. If you don't believe me, email me for a pic lol. I've been waiting for this tv to die to finally upgrade to 1080, but it's not letting me. lol. Still works just like the day I got it. Well actually, the only thing I noticed that's not up to my standards is that when I turn it on, the Sony logo on the screen is not perfect and looks like the green layer is not lined up properly in regards to the other red and blue whatever you call them that makes up the picture. But after that goes away, the screen is not messed up and displays everything perfectly. If you can find this at a great price and don't mind it's 720p, get this.