I purchased this TV for my kitchen table.  I needed something small with an HDMI input.  This 15" TV from COBY was the smallest one I could find.  Unfortunately, the HDMI input didn't make the picture as perfect as it is on my SONY TV's.  While the picture is sharp and ghost-free, when I look at the image up close, I see solid blocks of color, no gradient shading.  It looks like a paint by numbers picture.  But, from a distance the picture is acceptable.My biggest complaint is the viewing angle is very narrow.  There is almost no 'sweet spot' for viewing.  It seems worse than looking at the worst laptop screen.  If the middle of the screen is good, then the top or bottom of the screen is faded, with washed out black tones.  The same goes for the left to right viewing angle.  So, even though the manufacturer's site says the contrast ratio is an impressive 3,000:1, most of the screen does not benefit from that rating.When I tried to adjust the brightness and contrast in hopes of helping the situation, the range of adjustments is barely visible.  It is so difficult to see the adjustments, because part of the screen is washed out due to the narrow vertical and horizontal viewing angles.My second biggest complaint is the quality of the sound.  It's really tinny.  I have to turn the Treble all the way down and the Bass almost all the way up.  I'd rather listen to the sound through my A/V system instead.  My MacBook Pro has better sound.I have HD DirecTV and the remote is supposed to be able to control the volume on any TV.  I was able to set it to control my SONY and SHARP TV's, but none of the COBY numbers worked for this TV.  Not sure whether it's too new or what.Pros:  Compact & Thin  Thin  Bright  Well laid out Remote Control  Energy saving  Runs coolCons:  Very limited viewing angles - Horizontal & Vertical  Sound quality  HD picture is not up to par  Unable to program DirecTV to control this modelGiven how long LCD TV's have been around, I was really disappointed by the picture quality - especially the limited viewing angles.  I wish some of the big manufacturers like SONY, Panasonic, Samsung & Sharp would come up with a small, HDMI connected, LCD/LED TV.  Fortunately, this TV cost me less than $110 from ABT Electronics.  So, if anyone knows of one that doesn't suffer from the cons I've listed, please let me know.  Then, this one will go into my next yard sale.