I purchased this TV as a xmas gift for my girlfriend in a November lightning deal. What a mistake. The box this TV is shipped in was so weak, I noticed gashes on the sides with no foam support. I immediately opened the box to find that the screen had in fact been scratched. Amazon took care of it no problem and I was able to get another one before xmas.After my girlfriend finally sets up the TV in January, that is when I notice the other problems. I know for the $400 price I paid, I wasn't going to get the greatest quality TV, but I wasn't expecting this. Pretty much all the problems everyone else is talking about. No matter what you do to the settings, the picture never looks remotely right. The four lamps create excessive bleeding on the corners. The volume is limited, but it honestly did not bother me as much it seems to everyone else. I felt very guilty in having given this piece of crap as a gift. Even if my gf was more optimistic about it than me. I think she just liked the idea of owning a big LED TV. Until 5 months later.One night, the TV just crapped out on her. She was watching something and bam, audio but no video whatsoever. I came over to verify and there was nothing I could do. The TV would turn on, but the screen had burnt out. After 5 months of minimal use! We spend more time at my place watching TV on my 5 year old Sony, and this thing couldn't even make it to half a year.You think, okay, Coby should have some warranty to cover this. Don't bother. Their warranty only last 90 days. After that you have to pay almost $100 in shipping and labor fees. What a joke. I refused to pay an extra $100 that could have gone to a better TV.I went to my last resort, Amazon. Once again, Amazon's exceptional customer service really came through. Who else would let me return a TV purchased in November for almost a full refund? It is this kind of service that keeps me coming back.I know there are quite a few people defending this TV. But when the amount of 5 star reviews is less than the 1 star reviews, that should really say something.