After seeing a tv demonstration of this tv, I knew it was the one I wanted.  I found the best price here at amazon and the lowest price on the extended warranty and a huge price difference in the adapter.  Not only did I get a great tv and an excellent deal, the tv arrived one week early!  What more could you ask?  My only problem was figuring out how to change the remote from characters to numbers to input the security key so my network would connect.  My manual and the cd manual did not address this issue that I could find.  I finally noticed on the remote the char/nbr hidden between two input buttons midway on the remote.  Once I found that, the network was fine.  I did have a bit of a problem updating.  The tv wanted to stop at 55percent completion.  I finally turned tv off and went to bed. This morning, I turned on the tv and it did that one more time.  I again turned off the tv and turned it back on and it finished the updating.  I did see when I googled this others were saying they did the same thing to finish initial update.  I was amazed at the pic and sound quality and we don't even have hi-def receiver yet.  I don't know why a lot of raters have issues with the sound unless they are used to big speakers and surround sound.  The internet apps are impressive.  Far more of them then I thought or had read this tv had.  I was very pleased to see ebay and youtube.  Now if they add facebook I will have all the various apps I really need.  I setup netflix for movies and this will allow me to greatly reduce my satellite bill.  I find signing in and inputting passwords a bit annoying as the down arrow and widgets keys are so close on the remote I often hit widgets in error making me start the signin process over.  My husband was happy to see the Gunsmoke channel on youtube.  My daughter had input my husbands name via remote while I was out of the room and when the pc finally finished initial auto programming and came on, it said hi to my husband by name. lol  I wondered how it knew his name since all the paperwork was in mine rofl. doh........  Buy this if you can still find this model.  Everywhere I tried to buy it the tv sold out till I finally found it here at the best price.