Bought mine in February and I am quite happy with it. Picture is crisp and the colors are bright and realistic. As others have said the remote lacks some simple shortcuts like 1 touch input select as I use this item for Cable, Computer and Xbox. It can be a pain to have to go through menus and then use the volume button to enter the selection.Cable - picture quality of regular cable is pretty lame especially when using the new HDTV box Time Warner gave me. It is unfortunate that they have chosen to pick the aspect ratio for you... you cannot get a regular 4:3 on normal programming. So everyone is fat. But change it to HD channels and I am in heaven... didn't stop watching Discovery HD for a week... Not to mention NASCAR Races in HD are an awesome thing to watch. One bug to report... Using the Yr Pl Pb setting for the input the screen goes blue whenever there is a large amount of white filling the screen... I am sure this would be resolved using the DVI cable which I haven't gotten yet.Xbox - got the Olevia and Halo 2 at the same time. I have never appreciated a video game like that. The monitor just opens a whole new world to video games bringing you so much closer to the action. I regularly move out of the way of incoming projectiles... so the reality factor is out of this world.Computer - I just bought a new Sony Viao and cannot get the screen to work well. Aspect Ratio is again an issue - everything is fat. Pictures are not as sharp as HDTV so there is some kind of resolution mismatch. I am very good with computers and haven't figured out a fix yet.Sound - good for a everyday TV but not excellent. There is also a compressor built in - I guess to protect the speakers. Home Theater setup is a must. As soon as a sound gets loud the compression kicks in and lowers it.If this monitor worked well with the computer I would have given 5 stars. A solid purchase with lots of upside and only a a little downside. Don't pay more than this machine for some name brand job - mostly they all use the same components anyway.