I bought this TV to replace my much too small Coby 19 inch. This was the right size, plenty big. It has a good viewing angle, and the sound quality is good. It is not as bad as people say. For a cheap 26 inch, it's more than fine. I found that the volume control is very loud. On three it is as loud as seven or eight on other TVs. The volume control needs some improvements. When going from 1 to 2, there is a big jump, bigger than on any other numbers, of sounds. That is wierd.But that is just the beginning of problems. The picture quality is my biggest complaint. For the first five minutes of having the TV on, there are waves going from the top to bottom. In 2011, that is not an acceptable thing. They are distracting. Now they seem to be going away, but are still visible. Who knows why? I have not changed any settings. I can't trust this TV. I could trust the Coby. It never had any waves, even when I went up close to it. It also didn't have a buzzing sound when it was on, which this does. That is not a major problem though, even though none of my family's TVs do that, nor do they have waves.This, compared to other TVs, has a poor contrast ratio. A contrast ratio is and I quote, "The contrast ratio is a property of a display system, defined as the ratio of the luminance of the brightest color (white) to that of the darkest color (black) that the system is capable of producing. A high contrast ratio is a desired aspect of any display." That is from Wikipedia, thank you for the explanation. This has a ratio of 20,000:1. The LG I was looking at was  50,000:1. Some are even more than that. So this TV does not have a great ratio. The blacks could be darker. You can try to make them darker, but your whites become too dark. I spent days trying to get a good picture, and I adjusted color and brightness, backlight, Color Enhancement, and whatever else. My picture still is not what the Coby was. The Coby did its job, like a normal TV should. The stand for the TV is angled, which I hate. It is really bad. I had to put something under it, what a bad stand.Now, I am returning it, trading it in for a new LG, or maybe another Vizio, of a different model.