This HD LCD TV from Sharp is a joy to watch. The interface for digging into the deeper features is easy to grasp and logically laid out. You can choose appropriate labels for your inputs, which helps my wife greatly.I bought this TV instead of the Sony based on a small difference in video quality. When side-by-side with the comparable Sony, the Sharp had brighter whites, blacker blacks, and crisper motion display. The viewing angle on this model far exceeds what you get on most other LCDs. The numbers quoted are very real. You can move anywhere in the room and the picture stays sharp and bright. There aren't any BEST seats in the living room any more.Some audio freaks won't like the audio out of the smallish speakers, but I found them to be OK. Not great, just OK. Mostly to get more volume and some kind of surround sound effect, I purchased the Bose 3-2-1 2.1 surround sound system. Now I have the awesome sound to go with the awesome picture.Regular def looks alright. HD looks terrific. AppleTV works with aplomb on this set. Viewing pictures is impressive and the colors really punch out. You have control over color, of course. And the S. Stretch option for viewing other formats other than 16:9 is useful. I'd rather have a 'smart' combination of stretching and cropping than view black bars. After a while, you don't even notice the stretching. You can also opt to keep all the picture and stretch it more, which I find offensive. Or you can go with the black bars. It's all the same button on the remote.The TV works very well with the remotes that come with your DiSH satellite system. I prefer to use these as all-in-ones as they cover most hardware such as VCRs, DVDs, the TV, and the Bose. I rarely have to bother with any other remote. This is a must-have for my wife as she doesn't want multiple remotes to watch TV.Can't beat the picture. For those out there contemplating whether it's worth the extra $ to buy the 92U model, it is. The motion is better, the colors are richer, and there are zero banding issues.