I received my Olevia 30" TV approx. 2 weeks ago.  It is in the bedroom, and used as both a TV and as a computer monitor.The TV performance is very good.  Hooked up to cable (RCN).  Can really see difference in broadcast quality (those stations broadcasting regular/cable and those using HD).  [Hopefully, won't have to get HDTV converter - what's televising now is very, very good.]  Have on 4:3 ratio rather than widescreen (viewing in widescreen makes the picture stretched and fat).  This gives a viewable screen size of 25inches.  View TV from 13feet - picture size comfortable.  Also, the remote works fine from 13feet away. [remote model RC-LTS]As a computer monitor - PERFECT.  Use VGA at 1024x768 resolution, display DPI=normal (96dpi).  Set on 4:3 ratio rather than widescreen (viewing in widescreen makes the picture stretched and fat).  This gives a viewable screen size of 25inches.  I can comfortably sit at the desk with the TV approx. 24inches from my face and work at the computer.  NO MORE HORIZONTAL SCROLLING!!!  Also, to do picture adjustment (menu - picture - auto adjustment - press volume up key) ---> use remote.Did try to use the DVI cable (from a previous monitor) - but only worked sometimes.  Don't know what the problem is, and cannot have both VGA and DVI cables attached - nothing displays - blank blue screen.  Since I can't visually tell difference between VGA and DVI performance, VGA cable connect fine.Easier to change SOURCE using remote [source - channel up or down key to select - press volume up key finish].  For some reason cannot use keys on TV directly to change SOURCE [correction - can use but cumbersome].  This is the one inconvenience to this system.Because I wanted a device that could be used as both a TV and as a computer monitor, this was the perfect choice.  I have used Sony VAIO entertainment computers since 1997, so I've had that dual ability - but I had to have the computer on in order to watch TV - now I don't.To have a decent viewable screen (25inches on a 30inch TV); to have the capability of viewing TV without having to turn on the computer; to have a decent computer monitor - THIS IS THE ONE TO GET.  I think it is well worth the cost.[...]