BUYER BEWARE!!!!!! BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!!BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!After speaking with Samsung for the umteenth time about all the problems I have experienced with their newest technologically advanced television, I was informed they would only consider replacing it after three attempts to repair it have failed!!!!, That would be 3 days of lost wages, for which I could just go buy a new set and save the money, what a SCAM!!!!  I should have learned my lesson with this company, they are SCUMBAGS!!!!!!!I almost can't believe the picture on this set.  Yes, it's true, especially on letterbox you can see funky lighting in "black" area, but, sooooooo what? Who cares, the picture is absoluteluy MIND BLOWING!  I was watching Narnia with the kiddos, and the actors seem to be in my living room.  It's kind of weird, almost toooo real.  Dave Matthews and Tim the freak Reynolds live at Radio City Music hall was as equally impressive.  I have a full blown homne theater with all the gizmos in another area of my house, and always thought that was the best set-up.  I bought this set to replace a 7 year old plasma, which I was hesitant to replace as it has never given me any trouble.  Boy, was this an upgrade, I find myself re-watching movies on the Samsung just to get the experience of feeling like you are in the movie.  I can't even begin to imagine what they will come out with next.  Completely awesome set, no negatives yet.  WOWWWWWWWW11/6/2009 UPDATE  PLEASE READ THIS!!!This set, which I instantly fell in love with has given me nothing but problems.  First it started turning off and on for no apparent reason, Samsung sent out a service call, the first 2 companies they chose blew me off and never showed, then finally a decent service company came out and replaced the main power board.  Worked fine for a few weeks, now it randomly changes input settings, guess what, theyre sending another company out to repair that issue.  What a nightmare, like I have nothing better to do but take days off from work to get this freakin tv repaired.  Samsung has definitely lost me as a customer,  I should have known better than to be an early adopter of new technology.  My 8 year old PANASONIC plasma never gave me a single problem, Im so glad I gave it away, what a freakin dolt I am.  I wonder how many tries Samsung will make before they do the right thing and replace this piece of crap.