I did painstaking research for months to find the right tv for our living room.  I had narrowed it down to this one and a Toshiba in the same size.  I liked this one due to the 4000:1 contrast and its sleek design.  The picture quality of this tv is amazing, let me say that again... amazing.  The HD channels that I receive is truly sharp and crystal clear.  But and I do mean but this tv is ahead of its time.  Congress passed a new law that all television programing must be digital by February 2009.  Currently the majority of tv is viewed in an analog signal.  So on a tv that is so sharp and so crystal clear it actually makes the picture of an analog signal seem at times blurry or less than even a tube tv.  This is due to the signal attempting to upconvert to the performance of the tv.  This is regardless of how it is hooked up.  I use the composite, component and the S-video and it seems like the S-video at this time is better.  That of course will change when all programming is digitalized.  It is like taking a digital photo with a 2 MP camera and then trying to enlarge the image on your computer, it can become a bit distorted but then taking that same image with a 10 MP camera the image is much clearer, much sharper and all around a better quality.  That is what will happen when all programming is made digital.  This will occur slowly over the next two years but it will happen.  Watching a dvd is amazing on this tv, watching HD is amazing on this tv, watching other channels not so good but that is going to be for any tv that has such a high contrast and the price is great as well.  I bought this for just under $1100 and then noticed that it was even cheaper now, after calling amazon they credited me the difference so everybody won.  This shipping arrived much faster than the website stated.  In fact an entire week earlier.  Would definately buy from Amazon again and have no worries with using Eagle shipping.  This tv is the best product in the 32 inch class and has one of the best price points.  You will not be disappointed I know that I am not.