I bought three 32-inch LCD TVs in one week, and returned the first two because of identical video input problems.  I felt uncomfortable returning the first two TVs, but I'm glad I did, because I ended up with a high-quality, problem-free TV in the end.  The experience also gave me some good insight to write this review.The problem with the Sony BRAVIA BX 300 Series (model KDL-32BX300) was, when I connected a DVD player with composite video cables (red/white/yellow), and played a DVD, there were alternating horizontal stripes of discoloration on the screen.  These stripes appeared on some DVDs, but not all.  The stripes of discoloration were most visible in scenes with a lot of blue, for example; blue sky scenes, and the stripes alternated yellow and blue about every half inch in the sky.  I did a lot of troubleshooting, including plugging the TV and the DVD player directly into the wall outlet, and disconnecting the TV cable (to ensure there was no signal interference from the TV cable or a surge protector).  I also connected a second brand of DVD player to the TV with the composite video cables, and also saw the stripes of discoloration.  Both of these DVD players worked perfectly in the other two TVs in our house (one a Panasonic plasma, and the other a tube TV).  Aside from the video input problems, the picture quality of the KDL-32BX300 with a cable signal was grainy, and the lowest quality of the three new TVs that I bought this week compared.  Also, the remote was cheap, and the menu layouts were poor.When I called Sony customer support, the representative was rude, and told me that since the stripes didn't appear with a cable signal, then the problem was with the DVD players.  After I explained to him that the two DVD players worked perfectly in two other TVs, including a one-year-old plasma, so it must be a problem with the video inputs, he said just return the TV to the retailer.The other TV that I returned for this same problem was a Visio VO320E.  I tried two different DVD players in the Visio, one with a composite cable connection, and one with an S-video connection (the Sony didn't have an S-video input), and the stripes of discoloration were visible with both DVD players.  The picture quality was better on the Visio VO320E than on the Sony.The third TV I bought was a Panasonic TC-L32X2.  This TV just came on the market in March 2010.  What a relief to find that the DVD video inputs didn't induce any stripes of discoloration on the screen.  Better yet, the picture quality from both the DVD and cable inputs were far sharper than the other two TVs!One thing I think I can conclude from this experience is that manufacturers of the Sony and Visio TVs are the same, or the defective video inputs came from the same manufacturer.