When my old 36 inch CRT finally went bust I was ready to upgrade to a flat panel. And after a ton of research I settled on this one. And I think I made a great choice. From what I have read, it doesn't seem to make much of a difference actually checking out the TVs in the stores because their settings are way off etc etc. This TV was picked as the second best LCD (behind the much more expensive sony) by the CNET editors, and from everything I was able to track down this new TV looked like a winner.So I just bought online from amazon without actually seeing it in person. Which turned out great! The delivery company (eagle) was very fast and nice (although I did call them and they did NOT have my number-very glad I called). They came in and helped me set it up, and even helped me move my old enormous one out of the way.The TV is beautiful! HD programming is simply amazing. Just amazing. I have never seen something this nice on TV before. DVDs look just ok compared to it. Like on all HD tvs, standard defintion programming and DVDs don't look quite as good as on my old CRT, but it is very close. The connectivity is great, (even better than the devices I am connecting it to actually).The glossy black finish is pretty cool-although it does get dusty pretty fast. And the surround sound is darn good as well. I am extremely satisfied with my purchase.The only problem I have found so far is that occasionally the sound will go out for some reason. If I change input sources or turn the TV off and then on again it comes back, but still-it is a concern.UPDATE!The sound problem was bugging me, and I eventually called samsung customer service. After a few fruitless merry go rounds I was finally directed to something called "Tier 2" customer service. Apparently this sound drop out problemis a known issue with this TV, and they have a very easy firmware update fix. They are overnighting me a thumbdrive with the updated firmware and said that it would entirely fix the sound problem. I think it is pretty cool that they are going so far as to send me an actual thumbdrive with the firmware on it because I don't have one already.I am very happy with this fix, but will report back if there are any other problems.  I am still absolutely loving the TV, despite this sound problem.