I am always reading reviews on Amazon, and finding that there are a lot of reviews that have numerous people voting them helpful that simply prove to be way off. Now I am always a little more critical when reading reviews on Amazon as a result since the person rating the item may have never had a similar product to compare it too, etc. As a result I thought it would help for people to know a little background about my experience with televisions as to know that this is not my first lcd or similar style tv: I currently own 2 Plasma Television sets (a 42" Panasonic Viera Plasma (TERRIFIC TV) and a 42" Zenith Plasma) and 3 lcd Television sets, as well as, 2 LCD monitors. I have set up all the televisions on my own, and have a very detailed background in this as a result.I set up the Sony 26" Bravia Wega LCD TV for the first time 3 days ago. One of the first things I noticed upon watching my first broadcast via normal DirectTv was that the images appeared very grainy and pixelated. I proceeded to adjust the set using a dvd disc specifically for this. After the settings were completed, the color was great, however, there were even more noticeable pixelation of the images, and several very clear horizontal lines would appear spuratically through the TV broadcast and / or DVD movies about once every 5 seconds when viewed up to 4-5 FEET AWAY. I further went to notice that the images would stretch and then compress in 3 thick vertical bars in 3 equally spaced areas of the TV!! This was noticeable to me and others at any distance, but only occured approximately once or twice every 45 minutes or so.Overall I felt this TV portrayed an image of lesser quality than my cheapiest LCD, my 20" Syntax Olevia. Perhaps Sony forgot this was a $1500 TV that was suppose to be HD. Yes, HD works, but if you try to have it on a desk or anywhere where you would view it within 4-5 feet, both in HD or Standard, this TV picture quality is abhorant. I have never had a TV that was suppose to be an HD TV have so many HUGE FLAWS when viewed within 4-5 feet. Of course most TVs there is always some line noise, pixelation, etc., but at the level portrayed by this unit, Sony SHOULD RECALL THIS UNIT. The new model replacing this Sony 26" is nearly perfect, but I feel as though Sony ripped its loyal customers off by charging such an outrageous price for Television that is well below the normal Sony quailty that I have grown to know and love. Honestly, shame on you Sony, Shame on you.