I purchased this TV about 1 month ago.This model requires a "dongle" for wireless wi-fi operation.  Fortunately, the "dongle" was a free add-on.  I understand that the new Samsung models that are about to come out have built-in wi-fi, which looks better then a protruding "dongle" and makes more sense.I am not crazy about where the cables plug into the TV because, instead of my being able to route them invisibly, they have to be folded back on themselves in order to route them as invisibly as possible.  Considering the typical 6' length of HDMI cables, the extra length needed to accomplish this routing is not always practical without having had purchased extra long cables.  I can understand the design difficulty in this area, since if the unit is affixed to a wall it would be difficult to get to more centrally located connectors that would negate having to route them in this manner.When you turn it on (by remote control only because there is no ON switch on the TV) it takes about 10 seconds before any noticeable indication that it is turning on... except, on closer inspection, the red light that remains on when the TV is off goes dark when turning on and 10 seconds later a musical sequence is played, followed by the TV switching on.I also wish that the stand allowed the TV to be adjusted for tilt but it only allows a limited amount of side to side adjustment.  The built in tilt appears to hold the TV with the top of it back about 5 degrees more then the bottom.  Because in my setup the TV is high up, I would prefer to be able to tilt it about 5 degrees in the opposite direction (pointing slightly down).The remote looks cool, feels sturdy and has some raised indicators but those raised elements are not enough to distinguish one button from another by touch alone.  Perhaps in time that will change.The built-in Yahoo widget ability is interesting and I like that it is evolving and the TV will be able to take advantage of that.  I was very pleasantly surprised to learn that I can watch TWIT TV and see Leo Leport's CES coverage at no extra cost!  The streamed video often pauses to let the wireless connection catch up.  Ideally this TV should be wire connected to the Internet despite my having mentioned the "dongle".That said, The picture is great, the sound is pretty good and I love this TV!