I have read all the reviews on this product plus some... Know what your buying before you purchase it.  I have tracked this product for over a year and finally purchased one since they don't make them anymore and there are only a few left out there to purchase.The initial set-up even with everything I read was difficult but that was more me than the product.Top Hints;1)If over 42 years old have your reading glasses available the print is small in the instructions and on the remote.2) Reduce the backlighting to 50% and adjust up to your liking ("Video" button on the remote or from the main "Menu").  This reduces the edge lighting of the LED screen and produces superior dark tones (blacks).3) In order to connect to your wireless (WIFI) you must go to: Menu then Inputs and then the last ICON on the Right (use arrow keys to move the cursor to the globe looking thing).  Then press ENTER. The system will search for WIFI signals - arrow down to yours and press ENTER.  If your system has a security passcode like mine then the TV will prompt you to enter the code.  In order to enter numbers you have to hit the number key until the number appears it will take 4 presses for every key but the "1" and the "0".  Press the "1" as many times as it takes to go through all the special characters until the number 1 is displayed then press Enter.  The "0" doesn't require any additional pressing.Note: Capital Letters are achieved by pressing the "LAST" button on the lower right side of the Number pad area of the remote.  You only have to press it onces and all your letters after this will be capitalize - if your password is like mine, all the letters are capitalized so push this first and then begin entering the code.Also don't be frustrated if the WIFI doesn't connect the first try - this happens a often but I found it works on the second try - who knows, it's all magic...The "Blue Tooth" feature is designed for Audio only so know this going in and it is the same for the USB ports - they are intended for photos and audio files not more video.The "Video" button will allow you to pick from predefined options that you will have to learn about using the main programing menu and over time you can build a few customized viewing options based on the type of programming your watching but for the basics it offers: Natural, Brilliant and Bright.  The default I believe is Bright which seems to be a middle of the road setting...Well that's what I have to offer - Peace and Grace,Oh and if some one has some suggestions about enhance the deep field imaging to make the HD viewing experience less like watching a Soap Opera - I'd appreciate it!GCG