I have had this TV for almost 2 months. The TV itself is fantastic! I went from a 27" SDTV (using Dish Network) to this model with Dish HD and an up-converting DVD player. I also upgraded our audio receiver at the same time. I compared this set to an LG set (similar size) and went with this set (I thought the picture was better, I have also had very good luck with Toshiba products). The picture quality is excellent for HD and also for SD channels as well. There are plenty of input connections for everything you can think of. I also have my PC running through this set (DVI output on PC to HDMI on TV) and games look great as well. The audio from the TV sounded fine to me until I hooked up the digital audio system; I now use the digital audio receiver (5.1 speaker setup) 99% of the time as the 5.1 channel sound is significantly better than the TV sound output.Some points to note:a) The "white-glove" delivery service consisted of bringing the box into the house. The guy grumbled when he was asked to unpack the TV.b)I debated getting my satellite programming upgraded to HD. I am very glad that I did; there are quite a few channels that are unique to HD programming and the quality (picture/sound) is excellent. I didn't see the need for a 1080p TV since the satellite broadcasts are only 720p/1080i, I wasn't planning on getting an HD DVD/Blu-Ray player and the size of the set did not warrant the extra money for 1080p.c)To get the full digital 5.1 audio effect you must have a digital audio receiver PLUS you must connect each digital device (satellite box, DVD player) directly to the audio receiver. This TV only accepts PCM audio input from the HDMI cables. There is a digital out from the TV but it will not pass a digital 5.1 audio signal from the HDMI through (only PCM). The audio receiver I purchased only has digital audio connections (not HDMI connections) so I had to get a digital optical cable for the satellite receiver digital out and a coaxial cable for the DVD player digital out.d)I purchased an up-converting DVD player; I cannot tell the difference (I still have my old DVD player hooked up to the HD set). Maybe for larger sets that are 1080p the up-conversion may be worth it?e)Think about what cables you need and buy them from Amazon. All the retail stores charge high prices for cables which are not worth the extra cost.f)I bought component cables for the Wii, some games do look better at the higher resolution if the higher resolution was supported (only one game looked "blocky" but it was a third-party lousy game anyway).