Have had this TV for over a year, no problems at all.  The people complaining about turn on/off time have never owned a smart TV.  First, the time is minuscule, smart TV aside, all large TV's take a few seconds to warm up.  Second, it's a smart TV, meaning it has a computer built in, it has to boot up and shut down properly.  There's an indicator light on the TV that removes all mystery, you know when it's booting up or shutting down, five or ten seconds is no big deal.  Not good for kids people say, hah!  Who spends this kind of money on a TV and then leaves it in the hands of children?  It's not a toy, either keep your spawn away from it or get a cheaper, featureless TV, simple.As for setup, it's nothing unusual, less than other models require.  You'll want to get familiar with the different pre-sets (movie/game/sports/etc.) and shut off the automatic dimmer.  The picture is outstanding, even when compared to TV's twice the price.  I do not see the backlight issues that others mention, as professional reviewers have mentioned, that's just splitting hairs.  You're not going to find another TV with these features at this price.As for aesthetics, this TV looks great.  It's simple, elegant and the TV itself is razor thin through and through.  The stand is one of the nicest I've seen anywhere, I was able to assemble all of it by myself, just read the instructions folks.The only downside is over-air channel switching and Netflix cache time.  Over-air channel changing does take a bit longer than expected, not horrible, but it could be better.  And, the channel guide only shows the station you're tuned to, requiring you to surf the spectrum to see what's on.  Netflix instant is not instant, although the GUI is the nicest I've seen for Netflix, it takes a while to cache before the movie starts (30 seconds to 5 minutes).  This has caused me to use a PS3 in it's place for Netflix, which works great with the TV's HDMI switching.  It's also worth noting that with the automatic HDMI passthrough, the TV remote controls the Playstation. The Netflix and channel switching/guide issues are the only reason that my rating is lacking that final star.  I'd hoped they would fix it with a firmware update, but Toshiba has moved on.All-in-all you're not going to get more TV for your buck.  Pandora is awesome (no ads), the Yahoo apps are useful, the remote is robust yet easy to use, the 3D is theater quality (uses the same glasses even), and the picture is outstanding.  You can nit-pick a device with this many features until the cows come home, but overall it's the best for the price, better than many at twice the cost.