We got this tv when we moved out of state for a new job, which happened to be away from our families. I have to say this has to be the best HDTV we have ever owned. We have 3 HDTVs in our home now, but the picture quality and user interface on this LG is far superior to my Toshiba and Samsung. I hooked up our new Moxi DVR and have never looked back. The LG widgets are great for some quick information, and you can personalize them according to the user. In fact, you can have multiple users personalize their own widgets. I also really like the integrated Netflix, Vudu, Twitter and other apps on this LG. We have saved so much money from not going to movies and just waiting for them to be on Netflix or Vudu. Soon we will be hooking up the integrated Skype app & camera to see our families who live in other states. It really surprised me when I opened the box and it contained 2 remote controls, the sleek black Wii remote type one and a regular one. Also that it came with an LG wireless internet usb dongle so I didn't have to hook up my Ethernet to it. I hooked up the Ethernet anyway since we wired our house for that, but the dongle works great too! As far as glare goes, we have had no problems whatsoever. We have lots of big windows and have never had glare issues. Another thing I noticed is that it turns off and on so quick. Some people might think that's a weird comment, but after you get your Samsung jingle every time you power on or off, it get's annoying. It seems as if the Samsung has to wait for the jingle to happen to power on or off. One additional thing, when you are in a an app, if you happen to leave the screen for a while without any movement, the tv automatically shrinks the picture size and uses it as a screensaver moving around your screen. Remember the old Windows logo screensaver that would bounce around the screen and never quite line up exactly in the corner? Well it is like that, but a full screenshot in HD. All in all, this LG is a GREAT tv, with a great picture and great apps. Who could ask for anything more!