You should rate products based on their quality not your ignorance.  "HD ready" is a term used in every store which means that it is capable of producing a HD quality picture when provided with a source (i.e. a HD tuner or HD cable box).  If it has "integrated HD" then you know it has a built in tuner.  Do some research before you bash a product and a company.This is an outtake from bestbuy's websiteWhat's meant by "HD-Ready"?Some HDTV sets on the market incorporate HD-capable displays coupled with a built-in HDTV tuner to receive over-the-air HD broadcasts (currently available only in certain markets, these broadcasts are becoming increasingly common as the 2006 digital-broadcast deadline approaches). Often referred to as integrated HDTVs, these models are indicated on the BestBuy.com Web site by the designation "with Built-In HDTV Tuner."However, the vast majority of HD-capable TVs on the market are what's known as HD-ready TVs (or HDTV monitors) - high-definition displays, often including one or more built-in NTSC TV tuners for reception of conventional analog TV broadcasts, but which must be connected to a separate HD source in order to realize their full potential. Since most current HD content is delivered via satellite or cable systems rather that over-the-air, some consumers (especially those who reside in areas where over-the-air HD content is not yet available) consider an HD-ready set to be the best solution for their current and future needs. But to experience HD broadcasts (where available) right out of the box with no additional investment, a built-in HD tuner is the ticket.Like HD-ready models, integrated HDTVs generally provide exhaustive connectivity options, so you can always add cable or satellite sources as well to broaden your HD options. Conversely, over-the-air HD tuners are also available in stand-alone set-top boxes, often combined with cable and/or satellite reception capabilities. Obviously, there are lots of ways to achieve your desired HD viewing experience, so we advise you to weigh various factors (including cost, convenience, and content availability) before making your decision.