The LNS3251D is simply a fantastic buy at around $1,000. Only a more expensive Sony could possibly best this television.If you're looking for a leading-edge, top of the line TV, this is the one to get. You don't need increased contrast like the higher end Samsungs; this one is deep and dark enough to please even the most critical eyes. Keep in mind that besides adjusting contrast and brightness, this set has an "E Saving" mode which will dim the back light considerably. This enhances contrast a GREAT deal. And with the two HDMI inputs, you're set for cable/sat. box with HDMI connectivity and a high-definition DVD player when they're affordable.I used to sell televisions (up to about a year and a half ago) and on my way out I noticed how amazing the Samsung LCDs were becoming. Now, with these current models, they really go toe-to-toe with the Sony Bravia XBR models. And you can't beat that, I'm pretty sure of that. The Samsung is not only the most physically attractive TV but it simply provides the best picture for the size and price point. The piano black is beautiful, the connectivity is perfect, the remote is user-friendly, and the settings are diverse enough to get the picture just the way you'd like it.Amazon also seems to continually have the lowest price on this TV and shipping from Eagle is great. They make sure the screen is not damaged before leaving and they're very polite. That's saying a LOT for any delivery team. I do recommend CALLING them as soon as you track the item as being in your state. You can probably set up delivery for 1-3 days from that point, but if you wait for them to deliver on their own, it will take longer. They seem to prioritize the deliveries setup over the phone.So again, if you're still deciding on a TV, this is the ONE to get. Keep in mind that out of the box, any LCD tv needs some proper adjusting. I've dimmed the back light to the "medium" setting and played with the brightness/contrast/color to the point where the pictures look perfect and represent colors properly. You can pick yourself up (or even rent) a calibration DVD to simplify this task.ONE con about this TV is the sound, as many others have mentioned. It is poor. Very poor. I have it hooked up to a surround sound system in my bedroom anyway, so if you're planning on using the TV's speakers, don't be surprised by the muffled sound. Samsung still hasn't gotten that right yet, but I don't care about that - the picture is perfect.