So let me start off by saying I rarely write reviews on here but I use them quite often when making a decision on whether or not to buy something. I bought this TV from Vann's, and it came with 2 pair of 3D glasses for free. Amazon use's Paul's TV as the primary seller and they are a very good company as well, so purchasing this TV through Amazon would have been my first choice, but Vann's had the better deal at the time.My TV arrived via Fed Ex freight on April 21, and I immediately un boxed it and put it in my bedroom. This TV is replacing an Vizio 37" 1080P LCD which was working fine, but I really wanted a 3D set!Initial Physical Impression was WOW. Very Sleek looking, much thinner than my Vizio, nice sturdy swiveling base, and has an almost Dark Cherry Touch of Color to it, which I was unaware of prior to purchasing but looks great with my Cherry Bedroom set.Performance: I have the TV hooked up to a PS3 with the most current software (3D Capable), and Panasonic BDT-110 3D bluray player (Was a gift) and a Directv Hr-21 3D capable DVR Receiver. All I can say is WOW. The PQ is amazing, the blacks are Inky dark, there is no motion blur when watching sports and all this from a 720P, budget 3D TV! I have not any gaming on the unit yet, as I am nearing the end of the break in period, but I have been doing a TON of 3D Blu Ray and TV Watching. I must say that the new Bluetooth 3D Glasses from Samsung are great! This unit came with 2 free pair, and they retail right around $70.00 each. They sync with the TV quickly and I have yet to lose signal during a movie.3D Performance: I have now watched about 10 3D Blu Ray movies on the TV and have seen zero Crosstalk/Ghosting. The picture looks at great in 3D as it does on standard bluray but with the Added 3D effect. You can even convert 2D television programming to 3D, while this is cool, it is not as in depth as original 3D Material (Blu Ray 3D or Directv 3D).In conclusion, this is a great tv for any price. I am sure if you wanted to you could nit pick a few things (Mostly the adequate speakers) but overall I am very pleased, and I will be picking up a Samsung PN64D7000 to replace my current non 3D TV in the living room!