One of the few items that was not purchased through Amazon.com, but locally, for over $1,000. TV set was put in service in July 2007 and performed perfectly with beautiful picture and decent sound. About 2 months ago it started losing the video when changing channels using the cable converter. Power plug to TV had to be unplugged and plugged in to get picture back. This is happening with increasing frequency and soon expect the set to fail for good. Not a recommended product, in spite of it's still excellent picture and sound quality. R.E.W.UPDATE: March 14, 2012. This Toshiba TV started to lose the video almost daily with every back and forth change from HD to SD channels. Seeing that it was only doing this on channel changes with the cable box, which had been recently replaced with a newer model, I discussed it with a Comcast tech and he advised changing my cable input on the TV from HDMI to Component. This is labeled, "ColorStream HD-1" (or 2) on this particular set.It may have been that the changes to the incoming signal from the cable box was triggering a shut down safety circuit that protected the screen. All I know is, it has been 3 or 4 days now of intentional switching back and forth between HD & SD channels to torture test the different connection used, and there has not been one "blackout" yet.  Will I change my 2 star rating for this set? No. This problem should not have occurred with so many different sets. Had it been trouble free, I would rate it at 4 to 5 stars for picture and sound quality.As far as Toshiba products in general go, I have a Toshiba DVD/VHS player - recorder and a Toshiba laptop computer and have been satisfied with them all, so far. I am looking forward to a few more years of trouble-free service from this TV, also. If this update does not get another "update" then consider the problem solved, at least for this particular set. I have no way of determining whether the "problem" lies with the HDMI output of the cable box or the input of my TV set. As it stands now, "If It Aint Broke,Don't Fix It" sounds like my motto for the time being.  R.E.W.UPDATE - September 3, 2012 :  So far, so good. The old Toshiba TV is still working OK since changing the hook-up. Other than this "problem", I would have probably given this set 4 or 5 stars. Excellent picture and very good sound.  R.E.W.