My ten year old Olivia 42" LCD died an untimely death, but expected death. Since I knew it was coming, I'd been looking at potential replacements. It came down to this or a 46" Samsung. I was a bit leery of Vizio since I had an older 22" unit that stopped working and turned out to be unrepairable due to cost of the parts. It was only 3-4 years old at the time, so I was less than pleased.I read the reviews with that in mind and it seems like QC issues with earlier Vizio sets have been resolved, so I decided to buy the 48" unit.I set the unit up at home using hints in some of the reviews and it's a great TV. The picture is, as I would expect, 10 years better than what the Olevia gave me. I love that very little real estate is taken up by the bezel around the screen and I get much more picture in the same size footprint as with the old set.Unlike others I don't have a real problem with the supplied remote. I might try to find a replacement with a real key board, but other than that, it does what it's supposed to do even with the Amazon Instant Video application.Which brings me to the part I don't like so much. Intermittently the applications that require Internet connectivity won't work because the set reports that it's not connected to my router. I opted to run an Ethernet cable instead of relying on WiFi because of some of the comments about choppiness with streaming video. Every once in a while, the TV reports that I am not connected and I can't use the Amazon app to run videos. So far restarting the TV has corrected that, but I suspect that the problem is with the TV and not my router. Actually, I know it because the first time it happened, I plugged the cable in to my laptop and it connected to the Internet just fine. In fact one time I ran a video through my laptop into the TV using the HDMI out on the laptop and HDMI into the TV. The video ran just fine.My guess (and it's just that) is that it's a firmware or software problem with the set and it will be fixed with a future revision. Which brings me to a question. Does the set automatically check for updates or is there a manual process for that?So far I'm very happy with the TV other than the Ethernet issues. It turns on quickly, switches from HD to SD quickly, and has very good sound even with the standard speakers. I also like the power on light option and the fact that it doesn't play an annoying power on sound as do the Samsung and some other brands.