I bought this TV on 10/31/2006. It's been one year. I have had absolutely no problems whatsoever. I've noticed a few people's comments about a blue pixel showing up on the screen..I have not had this problem.I did have my screen professionally wall-mounted.But, I don't think the professional installation has had anything to do with long-term quality.I originally paid $1599.00 for this TV from a big-box store. I can't believe the price is around $950-$999. There may be newer versions with supposedly better features, BUT, for the price, this TV is great! The reason I bought this TV was that 2 guys who worked in the store personally owned this unit. I figured they must know what they are doing.Some have commented about the buzzing noise when the volume is turned up--I keep the volume on zero and feed it through a stereo system so I have never had the humming/buzzing problem people are talking about. However, I have turned off my stereo and used the volume built into the TV and did notice a humming sound.If you are considering buying this TV but do not plan to hook it up to a home stereo of some sort..you might want to reconsider buying this unit. But, if you plan to use your stereo volume---then no problem. I guess the humming could be considered a drawback.  One interesting anecdote about this unit. It will definately induce envy from your friends and family.One of the selling points of this TV,to me, was it's piano-black-finish edges. This gives it the look of the expensive Pioneer Elite TVs. I don't personally like flat screen TVs with the greyish borders--they tend to look plastic and cheap. This TV looks expensive! It's a show-stopper if you wall mount it like I have, very clean and neat looking.  Overall I want to state that I have no specific allegiance to Samsung. I am not a Samsung employee. I do not own Samsung stock. I used to think of Samsung as a low to mid quality Korean electronics maker.If you had told me 5 years ago I would be paying $1599.00 for ANYTHING Samsung..I would have told you, you were crazy! Overall, I have been very satisfied. I would not hesitate to recommend this TV, especially for the price as it stands today.