I figured I'd go for screen size and would make do with the picture quality, knowing I wouldn't be getting a Samsung-like picture.  First TV I got, I could not get a good picture regardless of whatever preset setting I chose.  Tweaked and tweaked. Called Vizio and they determined there was something wrong with the TV.  I shouldn't have to make such drastic adjustments.  Their customer support was great, by the way. They offered to exchange the TV but I decided to return it to Amazon since I had it less than 30 days.  Amazon replaced it within a couple of days (can't beat their customer service, UPS picked up the TV).The second TV's picture was better - it was adjustable.  But I still had to make such drastic adjustments with the presets.  Would get a good picture on one HD channel, switch to another HD channel and I'd have to adjust the picture again!  I just could not get that crisp clear picture you should get from an LED TV.  My Samsung LCD 720p had a far better picture.  I guess you could get someone to come in to calibrate it at some extra cost, which defeats the purpose of buying the low price TV.  Or get one of those discs people talk about - I don't have a blue ray player so that was not an option for me.The unit is solid, though very plasticky.  Stand wobbles.  Positive thing about the TV is that it is very easy to set up.  Didn't like the remote - buttons too small, plus you have to point it directly at the TV, and I mean directly, otherwise nothing happens.I watch a lot of TV and there were too many cons to contend with.  I returned the unit and spent extra to purchase the LG 47LB6300 which has turned out to be quite perfect.  Chose one preset setting, adjusted the color and have not had to touch it since.  Crystal clear picture.  Deep blacks, sharp lifelike picture.  No fussing.Maybe I got a dud with both Vizio's I tried.  My friend has a Vizio and the TV has a great picture.  This TV has gotten good reviews which was why I bought it in the first place, so maybe it was my luck.