I'd been holding out forever before buying an HDTV, but picked this Sony out for myself for Father's Day, and in this size to fit where our old 27" tube TV fit.  Plasma wasn't an option in this size.  I picked a 720p model based on every opinion I read that said 1080p didn't matter for broadcast TV or DVDs in a TV this size, and being able to see the pizels when I'm a foot away doesn't matter, I agree.  I also cost just over $500 -- what I wanted to pay.That said, I am completely mystified why the whole world seems to be moving to LCD TVs.  All scenes, even in the most dialed-down modes of brightness, contrast and backlight, have intense highlights -- as if they're in bright studio lighting with no fill.  The color out of the box is nothing like on a regular tube TV -- interesting, and watchable, but not anything close to realistic.  I plan to buy one of those home theater "tune your color at home" DVDs but I doubt it's going to help much.  Color and contrast also vary a lot off-angle.  I'm used to this from staring at LCD monitors at work for years, but it's disappointing in a TV.I was also very disappointed that the audio out on this TV is not affected by the volume control, but a fixed level. This has been going on for years in other TVs -- I bought my 27" tube set, a JVC, because it has this feature over a Panasonic that I returned because it didn't, but it means that you need yet another remote or a new receiver and a custom remote to control it if you don't use the built-in speakers, which actually sound okay for in-TV speakers, but nothing like the stereo pair with external amp I've been using.  BTW, current Panasonic's don't even HAVE an audio out -- you need an HDMI capable receiver to put between your video source and the TV to have audio through a decent receiver and speakers.So, I moved the old TV back where it was, and put this in family room, where we had a pretty small TV, and it's fine there and an improvement, and I can simply use the internal speakers, but if and when I decide to spring for a really decent theater size TV, (which requires new furniture and a lot more money) I'll buy a 50" or 54" plasma -- no more LCDs for me for serious watching.