UPDATE 10/25:  After Sharp told me that one dead pixel was normal, the tv stopped working and just had a continuous flashing green power light. (I know, how convenient).  Sharp wanted me to schedule the TV for service via a local service center, and after not hearing from the service center I decided not to mess around any more and called 6Ave and advised the TV stopped working 20 days after delivery.  6Ave has a 30day replacement guarantee if your tv up to  32 inches proves defective.  Instead of waiting for the service center to repair my tv and since it did have one bad pixel, I opted for 6Ave to send me a DHL shipping label to return my tv for a new replacement.  It took 6 days to get the label and four days after returning the TV to get the replacement (a brand new set).  The new set works fine and I do not see any bad pixels on this one.  We'll see how it lasts during the next 30 days, but based upon this experience I am somewhat concerned about the SHarp quality control and willingness to stand by what is deemed acceptable from the LCD pixel standpoint.  The picture does look great and the features are nice, so as long as you get a set with no bad pixels you should be satisfied.  I would strongly encourage you to understand your return options if you order via mail-order.  You'll pay more buying directly from a store, but atleast you can conveniently return for replacement in shorter period of time.ORIGINAL POST:THis is my second Sharp HD LCD that I purchased. I had no problem with Amazon or 6Ave in the order/delivery process with prompt delivery from 6Ave.  I did have one bad pixel on the screen which is almost impossible to see unless you are directly in front of the tv and looking for it.  I called Sharp technical support and they advised that this is within their normal tolerances for an LCD. I was very pleased with the picture quality and features of this Aquos unit, however, after 4 weeks of using it the tv screen went blank this morning and now won't even power up.  Sharp was supportive in creating a support request with the nearest service center and I am awaiting their callback to schedule the service visit.  My parents had a Sony LCD that had an LCD go bad within the first month, so I know from talking with the service tech then that if your display is going to malfunction it will usually occur within the first 30-60 days of use. If it wasn't for the bad pixel and now having to deal with a service call, I would have given this five stars.