I bought this plasma television about a month ago, and it has not disappointed one bit. The picture is crisp and beautiful, and I have it wall mounted in my living room.It's very stylish and is the focal point of the room.  In terms of 3D performance, it looks like a solid performer. I did notice some ghosting in certain scenes, but most of the time the 3d imagery looked very good. I'm not sure if there can be adjustments made to correct this (as of yet, the TV has not been calibrated by a professional).I noticed that a major complaint from owners of this TV was a buzzing sound that was ruining the home theater experience for them. I have personally not encountered this problem, as the set seems fairly quiet.I compared this television to the 65 inch Panasonic 3D Plasma, but decided to go with the Samsung due to it's more economical pricetag, and also because I didn't notice a drastic performance difference between the two sets to warrant spending the $1,000 more.Also, since I wanted a close wall mount, the Samsung was the better choice at just an inch and a half thick.  The Panasonic was about twice as thick, and decidedly less sexy in the looks department.If you're looking for an entry level 3D plasma that performs well on all fronts, I would suggest going with this model.  Keep in mind that if 3D is something you want to partake in, the bigger the television screen, the better.I see people purchasing 45 inch 3D sets, and that doesn't make too much sense to me.  You would nearly need to snuggle up with your set to benefit from the 3D effect.  For this set the optimal viewing distance for 3D is said to be between 8-11 feet.  I'm sitting about 10 feet away, and the effect is about right. With a smaller set, you are fairly limited with distance.As a 2D performer, this is one of the best televisions out there, bar none.  I have Directv, and the 3D content is pretty weak at the moment. Hopefully it will pick up, but even then, the real beauty in this set is what it does in 2D.  The 3rd dimension is just icing on the cake.  But it's pretty tasty icing if done correctly.