I just this week took delivery of this wonderful LCD TV. Ordered it on 3/21, shipped out on 3/23, received it on 3/28. Pretty quick for FREE truck freight shipping! The carrier, Eagle, also did a wonderful job with the delivery, making certain the box and everything inside was in perfect condition before the driver left. That alone says a LOT about the company.Now on to the TV, this 40" is larger in terms of over-all height and width than most other 40" LCD's, but it's a good thing. Really makes a bold statement once you get up on to a wall. The image quality with my 5 year old standard Pioneer DVD player (RCA connections) was not to great, so I upgraded to a Samsung up-converting DVD player model 860 with an HDMI cable and was super pleased with the image results. I didn't think it would actually make a difference, as most of the reviews I read it wouldn't, but take my word for it - it did! The thirty or so HD channels that come through my dish are also very clean and crisp. I really don't have another LCD or Plasma to compare it to, but the colors and contrast seem to be on the ball. Standard channels come in OK, seem to be a little more pixilated, but then again I guess that's expected and not really a drawback of the TV. Sound is good and volume level is decent. It definitely doesn't WOW you. A little more power would have helped. I recommend some sort of surround sound home theater setup for true movie theater like experience. Menu functions and controls are as easy as you're gonna get. Took me a whole 5min to set everything up and figure what's what. The remote control is pretty basic, nothing fancy. One problem with it though, if you don't point it DIRECTLY at the bottom corner sensor on the TV (even with fresh new batteries) it sometimes doesn't register. I upgraded to universal remote, and that's proven to be much better in terms of range and control than the OEM unit.All in all I'm quite happy with this TV. None of the local electronic giants could even come close to amazon'a price with FREE shipping and NO tax! Even at it's cheapest, so called "discounted price", amazons price was still around $300 (+ tax) cheaper than if I had purchased it locally.If you're on the fence and don't know if this TV is worth the price its being offered at, don't wait much longer. I can't see this TV lasting any longer at this price, so pick it up before they're all gone!Shop around, do your homework, but do it fast! At this price, this one's a no brainer! Thanks Amazon!