I've had this tv for 3 months and I like it a lot.  This is a big upgrade from the 27" tube tv it replaces.  If you watch any amount of tv and still have an old, small tube tv, a new HD tv will improve your experience in a big way.This TV:  After much research, deliberation, and a number of showroom visits, I decided on this TV.  I purchased from another vendor for a bit lower cost, but I did so reluctantly because I have had very good luck with Amazon.  The TV showed up well-packaged an in good condition.  Set up is easy.I selected this TV because it is in a bright room with many windows.  LCDs are better than plasma for such conditions, I've been told.  Also, this Sony has a less glossy screen than other worthy competitors, like Samsung. You can test this by going to a showroom and looking for glare from the store lights on the screens. This TV has worked well in bright conditions.The picture quality is very good.  There are adequate inputs, we have an HD cable DVR, a Sony blue ray player, and an xbox 360, all connected with hdmi (there are 4 hdmi inputs), and a Wii.  There is a standard connection for your pc, if the pc doesn't have an hdmi port.Network / Internet devices:  I found that I could view video and pictures stored on my Windows XP PC on the TV using the xbox (connected to a Cisco wireless ethernet bridge, bought at Amazon, works great).  To connect to a computer through the xbox, you will need a wired network or a wireless router with an ethernet bridge near the TV. The Blue Ray is a Sony BDP-N460, which connects to the internet and allows viewing of some free and some pay content, including movies, from a number of providers, including Amazon.  It is pretty neat and gives choices for on-demand movies that seem less expensive than my cable provider offerings.To connect multiple devices to the internet you can get a TrendNet ethernet switch at Amazon for $10, which will allow up to 4 internet connections from one cable or wireless bridge.  I purchased inexepensive HDMI cables from Amazon, and they seem to work fine (you can pay a lot for cables, the $5-10 versions that I bought work well).TV sound is OK.  I ran an rca cable out to an old stereo and use that for movies when quality sound is desired (obviously a surround sound system would work as well).Overall, I'm very happy with my purchase of the TV, and the other components that make the TV more functional.  We live in an amazing era.