Ok, I'm not going to go into much in regards to the good things about a product because I believe what people are really interested in most are the issues.... and this TV has them. They are as follows:1. Flashlighting and CloudingWhen viewed in low light or dark rooms, clouding and flashlighting is a serious problem with this TV. At least on mine. If you don't know what it is, it's the backlighting leaking light onto the screen during dark scenes and/or when the TV is viewed in a dark room. (Google "LED Samsung Clouding Flashlighting".) All LCDs have some form of this but it's usually not too bad. I have an older Samsung LCD and it only exhibits a slight consistent glow on the edges. However this TV has it pretty bad. The effect is uneven. There might me an issue with the TV I have because, aside from 2 or 3 other reviews, most people reviewing this here do not mention the problem. However, it may also be due to viewing habits. If you watch TV exclusively in a room with alot of light, you will not see the problem even though it is there. But if you will be watching in the dark every now and then, it will likely appear. The problem may also be worse because of the edge-lit LED, not sure though. Take this into consideration before purchasing.2. Lag during video games.The video game lag on this TV is worse than on my older LCD. I can play most games on this but only after turning down (or off) all of the "smoothing" type settings depending on the type of game. It helps but still not as good as with my older TV. This is unfortunate because one would hope a newer TV like this would have improved processing. Too bad the games look great with special settings turned on, just not too playable.3. Remote ControlVery poor design. Some of the buttons (usually the ones that allow you to adjust TV settings and navigate the menus) are flat, smooth and crowded too close together that it's very difficult to "feel" for the right button to press. Some of the buttons don't even light up or glow when the remote control light is enabled. Can be tricky. I find myself pressing the wrong button often.4. SoundShouldn't really be a prime feature for a TV but like everyone says, the sound stinks on this one. Get a receiver and speakers for better sound.5. ShippingNot a problem with the TV itself but the delivery from Amazon was 1 HOUR LATE!!!