If you are in the market for a 32 inch LCD, this set is for you.  I bought my set at Best Buy the first week it was out.  The main differences with this generation set is the built in HD tuner, an amazing 4000 to 1 contrast ratio, dual HDMI connections which means you can enjoy best quality video from two sources. It also has an optical connection so you can transfer audio from the TV to your Home theatre. At the store I compared this set to 4-5 other similar sets, all by major manufacturers and found the color and quality to be superior than most and as good as the Sony XBR Bravia that retails for $900 more.  At home I have it installed with an HDMI coming out of my Scientific Atlanta and Time Warner DVR with their HD service and a Samsung upconvert DVD with HDMI connection capability... The Samsung TV and remote is very easy intuitive and user friendly to set-up.  I like that it comes with 3 different preset modes for picture quality depending on viewing habits and allows for a fouth that you can customize to your own preferences.  All of the settings  including the preset modes can be easily adjusted and if necessary brought back to default settings.  The HD picture from cable is awesomeas is the DVD quality...even with a non-progressive unit which I switched out with the Samsung up convert unit. Utilizing the remote its easy to stretch the picture to fit the screen.  The black laquor cabinet is great looking, but can be a bit distracting as it reflects when light sources hit it.  Samsung also does things a bit different, when the set is on there is virtually no tell-tale sign  like on other sets where you may see a small blue light or redlight to indicate the set is on..instead Samsung utilizes  a red light in the middle of their symbol to indicate the set is off or on standby, and when turned on or off their is a unique audible chirp... on another LCD I had I found the little blue light distracting during viewing.Of note Samsung also came out this year with a second integrated model that costs about $200 less.  The cabinet is done in a flat black, the contrast ratio is only 3000 to 1, the speakers are mounted on the side instead of hidden along the bottom on this model and the stand does not swivel... outside of that the unit is pretty comprable in features and should be considered by those looking for an even better bargain.