I purchased this unit because I have a space in a cabinet that's less than 36" wide and this is one of the few 37" TVs that will fit.  There are some problems which I find annoying but some people may not notice or care about.  Sometimes there the audio and video are not in sync.  The audio leads the video by a fraction of a second.  It happens about 20% of the time.  Sometimes the set reboots itself, going black and then displaying the VISIO logo before restoring the picture.  This is very infrequent, but it does happen occasionally.  The response to the remote in some cases is slow.  For example, unmuting takes a significant fraction of a second.  There are other less bothersome issues too.  I called VISIO tech support and they said they weren't familiar with these problems and had me do a full reset which had no effect.  I exchanged the unit I bought for a second and it had the same problems.  Then I read a review by someone else complaining about the same problems (and others).  The set has great specs and the picture seems to be just fine and that's most important.  I would really prefer to replace this unit with another brand, but there are no reasonably priced 37" sets on the market at this time that will fit.Update (1/18/11): I ended up getting the Samsung LN37C530 (one of the few others that fits in my cabinet).  I ended up spending about $600 for a TV that's only 60Hz and would not have done that if I didn't have to.  The Samsung has none of the sync or volume issues that the VISIO did with the exact same inputs.Some other observations: one gripe I had with the VISIO was slow tuning on broadcast signals.  The Samsung tunes much faster, but the VISIO was able to do a better job of locking on to weak signals.  I surf a lot, so prefer faster tuning.  I had to tweak the Samsung picture to get it to my liking and I don't think it's as good as the VISIO (not a refresh issue; I can't say I notice that).  One big advantage of the Samsung is that it creates a program guide from the broadcast signals that's very handy.  In sum, I could not live with the VISIO issues and am definitely happier with the Samsung despite its higher cost, lower specs, and its own quirks.