UPDATE:  After owning this TV for six months, I've reduced my rating for these reasons:* The TV is getting brightness banding.* The latest Netflix app is flakey.  Samsung technical support refers you to the Samsung PR department when you ask about an obvious software bug, which is mildly insulting.* Samsung overcharged my credit card $7 when I registered for their app store.  It is a small amount, but it kills goodwill, especially when I didn't buy anything.  Past that, the Samsung app store is a joke.  For example, it has an app that advertises anti-zit cream and does nothing else.* Google TV seems to be a better platform than Yahoo Widgets.  I wish that I waited for the Google product.  This Samsung TV is a current model, but the Yahoo firmware already makes it seem slow and outdated.* My old Roku player is better in every way than Internet@TV.ORIGINAL REVIEWI bought this TV on the recommendations that Samsung televisions have been getting from reviewers like Consumer Reports, and it looks really good in a retail showroom, but I was disappointed with the PN58C7000 after I installed it in my home theater.The display itself is beautiful and the PN58C7000 would be worthy of 5 stars if the secondary parts of the TV were done properly.Problems:1.  Missing surround sound passthrough on the SPDIF optical output or the HDMI-ARC ("audio return channel") output.The PN58C7000 downmixes surround sound streams to PCM stereo, which means that you need to put the sound deck before the TV to get 5.1 or 7.1 audio.  This bug makes the HDMI-ARC capability pointless because you get the same output from the 3.5mm stereo plug.  Samsung mentions this on page 11 of 198 in the TV manual.2.  Mechanical Buzzing.Samsung didn't fix the 2009 buzzing problem in their 2010 models, or I got a dud unit.  This ruined my unboxing experience.  Yuck.3.  IR noise.I can't use my wireless IR headphones because the PN58C7000 fills the room with infrared noise.  Weaker remote controls are drowned out by this TV.  Plasma TVs typically emit some IR noise, but this TV seems to be abnormally noisy.4.  Electrical noise.This TV spews electrical noise that you can hear as humming, throbbing, and buzzing through speakers and headphones.  I used both of the ferric cores that Samsung bundled with the PN58C7000 according to the installation instructions.  My older TV didn't have this problem in the same setup.5.  Shared RCA plugs for the component and composite inputs.You can't use the 5-cable component input and the 3-cable AV input at the same time.Pilot Air delivered this TV on behalf of Amazon.  I live in Dallas, and they let me get the TV from their DFW depot instead of scheduling a 4 hour delivery window during the day, which was very convenient.  Their DFW depot hours are 7am through midnight.