This is the best LCD TV I have ever seen.  It really is that good.  The black levels are great and the colors and clarity on HD material is stunning.  It even does an amazing job on upscaled DVD from my PS3, colors are especially good.  I also own another 37" LCD which is very good especailly for computer use, but this thing runs circles around it in the picture quality arena, less particles, almost no digital artifacting, awesome contrast, vibrant colors etc.  You really have to see it to understand.  It is also the best LCD screen I have seen for component material.  I've always been dissappointed with LCDs in the past due to crushed blacks and muted colors via component, but this TV does a jaw dropping good job with component as well as HDMI. I've never seen my wii picture look so good.The 120hz refresh actually does help.  I did quite a few tests with it and it does help keep the screen smoother without any noticable sacrifice in quality.  The connection to the internet is handy if you are into news feeds, stocks, and weather.For those that have this TV, I found that putting it on movie mode and taking the back light down to 4 really helped make the picture even better from the default settings...allows the contrast improve markedly.  I found the picture at default is a bit cold and the contrast is too extreme due to over brightness leaving out quite a bit of detail in darker sceens and crushing the blacks.The only issue I have with it is that it sometimes has a scrambled image when I turn it on.  I'm pretty sure this is a freak, isolated issue with just my screen or a handful as I've never seen anything like it.  You can still see the picture, but the colors are all out of whack and there is horizontal banding throughout the image.I called up Samsung and they were great with their customer service and got me a service ticket immediately with a local fix it shop.  They came out the next day and took the TV, but they couldn't get it to replicate the issue in the 5 days they played with it--figures.  So they brought it back and of course it worked again just fine for about 5 days and then yesterday it started doing it again.  It isn't a permanent issue because I just turn it off and then when I turn it back on it takes about 10 seconds and then the picture pops back in with no problem, but the issue is annoying.  This time I'm taking video of the issue to show the technicians for my next trouble call.