This laptop definitely comes out looking as beautiful as any laptop could. Its backlit keyboard does not display awkwardly during the day and at night looks perfect for use but does not blind the user. The screen has a crystal clear image. Playing an MMO on it is comparable to what I have seen on higher end laptops that cost in the thousands. The keyboard layout is ideal with shortcut buttons that make sense. This laptop is definitely user friendly. Sony support is excellent. When I ran into an issue with the computer I was able to contact support and they solved the issue within moments. The person I spoke to had no issues understanding me and was quick to provide a clear solution. There is a button on this laptop called the "ASSIST" button. I have yet to find all of its usefulness but I do know that it can help with most issues encountered on the computer. The VAIO installed products on this computer are not as intrusive as it is with most other laptops. There are not constant pop ups about the programs and their "neat" features that I encountered with other laptops. If you want to use the VAIO programs you can. If not they will not bug you. I do warn Windows 8 is one of the most awkward OS that I have ever seen. It was obviously designed without desktop and laptop use in mind. Since it is designed for a tablet it almost requires a touch screen for convenient use. This laptop does not have one so navigating Windows 8 may be a problem. Once you get used to it Windows 8 can quickly be bypassed for computer use similar to Windows 7. My suggestion is to watch YouTube videos that will explain how to navigate the OS. The speed of the computer is excellent. I played an MMO with no lag through a complex dungeon that almost always lags and glitches my computer. There were no such events. Sometimes when working with Windows 8 it is slow to respond as there is a whole tab system that bogs down the computer. The installation of programs is quick and easy. Also, for anyone who does not want to purchase Microsoft Office products due to their inflated price, there is no longer a Microsoft works already installed on the computer as was with most previous Microsoft OS products. I suggest downloading Open Office which is free but not as efficient as either Office or Works. Overall, this computer is excellent as it provides a user friendly experience. The specifications of the computer are very nice for the price. The features are also very dependable. I highly suggest purchasing this product.PROS:Good selling price for high end computer.Excellent user friendly features such as backlit keyboard and Hi-Def screen.Great speed for most home use programs.Superb customer support.Sleek look and feel.CONS:Windows 8 disappoints.Poor speakers for audio, use headphones or external speakers (not very expensive)