I have had this computer for about 1 1/2 months, and I love it!  I am a college student, so this model is not very typical in people in my age range.  Most people at my school who get a macbook pro get the 13 inch, which is very light.  However, I wanted to get this one because of the high resolution screen.  If you read the description, the resolution on this screen is actually higher than that of current full HDTVs.  Current HDTVs are 1920 X 1080p, whereas this one is 1920 X 1200p.  It is not a great difference, but it is still significant.  It comes really handy for me since I have terrible eye sight, and I like to zoom in to words to read them, which, on this screen, look very clear.  One downside is that you cannot play blu ray movies on this computer even though it has the screen for it.  Another one is that it is, in my opinion, overpriced.  Nevertheless, coming in as an apple product, it is far from being a surprising price.  Also, some people consider it to be very heavy.  I think it is fine for the size.  If you try to lift other computers of similar size from other companies they are usually heavier.As you might have read from the description of the computer, the macbook pro 17 inch comes with four 2.2 GHz cores, which comes in really handy for heavy work and multitasking.  It has many other cool features that you can learn from the description.  So far, I am very pleased with this computer.  I see my roommates and other people many times having trouble with their non-apple products.  It reminds me that my investment is worth it.  If you are a person who surfs the web and uses Word a lot, you more than likely will not need this expensive model (if you look at the macbook pro 13 inch, the macbook pro 17 inch is worth two of them).  The macbook pro 13 inch will still come in very handy.I was going to purchase the macbook pro 15 inch.  However, I found out that it has a lower resolution than any of the other macbook pro's.  You can get a high resolution screen from the apple store for the 15 inch model at an additional fee that cannot be purchased through amazon.  However, I am a person who likes to save, so I buy from amazon because it is both cheaper and you don't have to pay taxes, which, when get to 1k, 2k, or even 3k prices can add a few hundred dollars to your bill.In conclusion, this is a great computer.  However, it is quite pricy.  Nevertheless, you will more than likely be pleased for your investment.  Thanks!