After extensive usage of this nice-looking and versatile notebook, I've encountered a few problems. [1] It tends to run very hot (so buy a heat pad with it, and stay alert for significant increases in fan speed, which you can easily hear), [2] for some reason the left-side <Shift> key requires significant extra depression force to capitalize certain letters (mainly T, R and S), [3] recently the finger-activated volume slider at the top/center of the panel stopped displaying the volume level on the screen, and the volume icon (to the left of the slider) permanently shows "red", meaning the volume is muted even when it isn't, [4] and -a biggie- the DVD/CD drive went toes up, unable to play anything but a CD, and unable to record (burn) anything at all. This required replacement of the entire drive... easy to do at home even for a geek-illiterate like me, but costing $100+ for the replacement drive, and [5] the hard, shiny sceen produces annoying reflections from ambient light, (but is easier to clean than patina screens).Otherwise it's a very nice machine. Really! (I've come to believe that computer technology has gotten so far ahead of production capabilities that a trouble-free new PC is a quaint memory of bye-gone days.) The 17" screen permits a nice widening of the keyboard, making for faster and more error-free typing. The full numeric keyboard is a major plus for anyone dealing with numbers regularly, and also makes input of Windows <alt> characters a snap. It's a fairly fast machine, and deals with Internet input exceeding 24MB/sec easily... nice for streaming video. I'm not a gamer (beyond some primitive stuff), but I strongly suspect -based on the S-Vid speeds- that this laptop wouldn't disappoint in that area. The relatively high processing speed also means you can set screen resolutions to the highest values for font and picture clarity.Finally, my assessment of HP Online Service is an 11 on a scale of 10. It's just excellent. I've used the HP "online chat" feature several times, and have never waited more than 3 minutes for a thoroughly competent technician. On the one occasion where the issue was over the head of the inital representive, I was bumped up the technical ladder with no wait at all, and the problem was quickly resolved after a very brief and to-the-point Q & A session. The reps don't talk down to you, and are extremely patient and professional. Overall, the best such service in the business (I've dealt with Acer, Toshiba and Dell... no comparison).