I would have given this purchase a four or five star rating EXCEPT for the deceptive way the Warranty Support section dealt with what I thought was a rather simple request for a copy of the Windows 7 media. The refurbished HP laptop has been reliable to this point, i.e., March, 2012 - some four months later. The first thing I do when I get a laptop is take an image of the disk so I can restore the system later WHEN a virus takes the machine down or just to refresh the system. When I tried to restore the system, however, it required the Windows 7 media which was not delivered with the laptop. I contacted ComputerLand Customer Support for the first time December 12, 2011, just a week or so after the laptop was delivered. Kudos to the customer support line as I always got in touch with a real person right off the bat and they routed me right into the technical support section. Joshua was the individual I dealt with most of the time and he assured me that the media would be delivered in a week or so. It is now March 11 and I have a copy of Windows 7 Ultimate that I had to purchase. From December 12 into February I got story after story from Joshua. First he was waiting on corporate to approve the purchase and would buy it himself if  that didn't come through. HE indicated they don't usually deliver the media because of piracy issues. Hmmm. But I kept getting told they would get it to me. Finally, around the February 1 time frame I escalated the call to Joshua's manager. Joshua seemed a nice guy who genuinely wanted to help. His manager I'm not so sure about. I had just about had it with the back and forth at that point and it took about two conversations with this character to come to the realization they were intentionally deceiving me about ever delivering the Windows 7 media. They had no intention actually doing so and had never intended to. They had hoped that I would just give up after a while which I did after telling Joshua's manager on the phone that he was a bald faced liar and deserved to have a one star rating up on Amazon and be reported to the Better Business Bureau. Comments to which he had no reply. Here's the one star rating. A call to the BBB goes in this week. Again, the hardware is still holding up (fingers crossed) and if ComputerLand support had just been honest they would probably have gotten four stars but they lied.