I apologize to those reviewers who clearly fell in love with this machine but the reliability factor just was not there. If you poke about Amazon you will find I wrote a review of the T42 which was fairly popular, I suggested it was (AND MAYBE STILL IS) the best deal on the used computer market (for everything but HD graphics) and suggested how to update the unit for modern use. I have currently 4 T42s in a network, and they are more fun than a barrel of hammers. However, realizing that time was moving inexorably on, I could not resist picking up a T61 at what appeared to be a bargain price. The specs are to die for, right? The unit had merely "normal" use for its age (not a spring chicken) and the hard drive was checked with a sector by sector utility, so I figured I was in good shape. Wrong. First disappointment was the screen. What were they thinking? Sounds good on paper, especially next to the T42 but in real life the T42 display was a superb example of old tech whereas the T61 is a poor example of new tech. Strike one. The hinges truly suck as the other reviewers say. They suck on an order of magnitude that is staggering and this in spite of the fact they are oversized. Raises serious issue about Lenovo's competency. Strike two. The fan needed to be replaced (did it ever) but to some extent this was my error, I forgot, when testing, to warm the machine up first. Replaced it myself, medium complexity, especially the routing of the wires. Additional research shows the fans do not last as long as earlier models. So we are already at 3 strikes. The internal mic did not work unless (trial and error) I inserted a male plug into the mic jack (any plug, did not matter) and removed it. Annoying. Spent hours trying to solve this frustrating issue AND THEN IN LATE 2012 A FULL 6 YEARS AFTER THE MODEL WAS INTRODUCED THEY RELEASED A FIX. The new driver solved the issue but 6 years? What are they smoking at Lenovo? As this is written, the T61 is still having battery issues (system reports all systems OK but the battery dies in 18 minutes) but is otherwise OK. I am writing this review on one of my T42s. Thats really all you need to know.