I had, what the kids call, a first-world problem. I wanted a device I could surf the internet with while watching TV in the evenings. It needed to be something small (but not too small) and light that I could quickly grab without a big production of power adapters and laptop trays. My Samsung Galaxy Note 3 smartphone is too small to comfortably surf with for more than a few minutes. My Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 2012 tablet has a terrible screen, and the on-screen keyboard is an exercise in masochism (I considered upgrading to a new 2014 model with the better screen, but I would still have the keyboard problem). My MSi GT70 laptop is too big and only lasts for about an hour without being plugged in because it's technically a gaming laptop. What's a spoiled American with a disposable income and no kids to do? I tried a Chromebook.POSITIVES+ KEYBOARD!!! No more uncomfortable, imprecise touch-screen keyboards like on my tablet. This Chromebook's keyboard is comfortable. I also love the direct, hard shortcut keys for screen brightness, volume, etc. without having to shift with a Fn or Ctrl key.+ The mouse pad works very well, and the Chrome OS has an awesome function where a single tap with one finger is a left-click, and a single tap with two fingers is a right-click. GENIUS! Why has no one else thought of this before?!+ Great battery life, so far, and the system recharges very quickly.+ The system, itself, is very small and very thin, and perfect for quickly picking up on the go or storing in a nook.+ The OS and interface are very straightforward and easy to use, and the two most important applications (Chrome and Gmail) are pre-installed. Just log in with your Gmail account and your email and all of your bookmarks appear magically (well, not technically magic, but something similar). Even though this is not a Windows OS, many of the shortcuts still exist (i.e., Ctrl+C, Ctrl+V, etc.).+ Far less expensive than a tablet, and will provide much of the same benefits, plus a real keyboard.NEGATIVES- Screen resolution could be a bit better (1366x768). It's a little tough to go from 1920x1080 all day on my PCs, and then look at the downgraded res on the Chromebook. This is a big benefit of choosing the Galaxy Note 10.1 2014 (2560x1600), however the Note 10.1 2014 is also $300+ more expensive.- Screen contrast isn't great. Adjusting the screen brightness helps a little, but it still has gray-ish black levels.