I bought this computer mainly because my last laptop would not play Diablo 3 (I know, not the best reasoning).  So far I'm very pleased with the overall performance and the screen is great (good color and viewing angles).  It does indeed play Diablo 3 and it does it quite easily.  I haven't played other games to give other bench marks but with Diablo 3 I could unplug it from the wall, turn on power saving mode (drops down CPU and GPU quite a bit) and it still played through it smoothly.The first thing I don't like about this is that it gets hot and loud.  Under stress the bottom definitely gets hot and the air coming out of the vent is very hot.  The fan cranks up and is extremely loud and makes it undesirable to play on. This is the main reason I experimented with turning on the power saver mode while playing, the game played just about as well without all the noise and heat (well with much less at least). I'm sure this is common problem for gaming laptops but the design only has one small vent on the left side of the laptop, perhaps if the design had more venting they could have reduced the noise at least.The second thing I don't like is the keyboard layout.  They have moved the function key to where the windows key normally is ( and moved the windows key over near the right shift ctrl key) and also for unknown reasons have also put some of the keys (the ones used in combination with the Fn key) over to the far right side of the keyboard.  One of the main ones I use is the volume function combos, these are all the way over on the number pad/arrows which means two hands on the keyboard to turn up or down the volume and they aren't easy to hit without looking at the keyboard. Generally having one hand on the mouse and one on the keyboard it makes it tough to adjust the volume on the fly (maybe I'm the only one that does this). For me this has been a big annoyance since first getting the computer and I'm still not used to it, the volume thing is annoying and also I'm finding it hard to get used to the windows key switch (I use a fair amount of windows key + other key combos).Overall the computer does what it should which is give a good gaming experience on a laptop.  The heat and noise issues are likely common among gaming laptops, even if this one might be a bit worse off than others due to vent design.  The keyboard issue may be something that only bugs some people so its not a deal breaker but key layout is now something I will more closely consider in the future.