Hi. I just got this Thinkpad last week, so I can only give you my first impressions. The case is very sturdy. The LED screen is very good with nice color. The frame around the screen is the strongest I've seen on any laptop. If you break the screen on this laptop you did something very wrong. The screen pivots 180 degrees so it lays down flat. The hinges are very strong and appear to be magnesium or some other alloy. It's a little heavy but the extra weight is well spent and worth every fraction of an ounce for how sturdy it is.  When the screen is closed, you can set it down on it's back spine and it stands up. It stands up on the sides too, but not as stable. I guess having a clunky old fashioned looking case has it's benefits. ( I read others complain about how it looks, so I state this in jest.)  I have the lowest rated Hard Drive in my T530, 320 GB, 5400 speed, but it still gets a 5.4 ranking on the windows experience, and it is very energy efficient and doesn't drag the battery down, and it's virtually silent.(There is a feature inside called a Hard Drive Air Bag that is supposed to protect it somehow. It's a Lenovo feature. I think it might make it harder to change the hard drive, but I don't know that for a fact.) My old Dell only had 320 GB and in 4 years I had only put about 60 GB worth of media on it. So, for me it's good enough, even though it looks inferior on paper.  Download speeds are pretty fast. But I was very worried that Internet Explorer took for ever to resolve a webpage when surfing. I tried Firefox search engine and was shocked at how very fast it was. Then I found a Microsoft utility to remove Internet Add-Ons. You can run it from the Microsoft website. What a wow difference. Now it's a surfing delight.  There is no number pad, but my Dell 14 didn't have one either. There is a little space between each key that alloys me to type without my annoying errors and backspaces from hitting adjacent keys. I'm lovin' it. The keyboard light is a nice useful touch. I very much like the touch pad experience on this machine.  The Keyboard is flanked by the speakers. The Sound is interestingly good, while not overly loud. In Sound Controls there is a Dolby Equalizer where you can set several custom EQ protocols. and turn on Surround or not. While it's not true surround, it does make an interesting stereo effect for the user while at the keyboard. I like the sound of it alot. I haven't had this on my budget machines.  I am pretty confident this machine will meet my needs for the next 4 years at least.