After having a home computer for over 6 years the old computer finally needed replacing, & I decided to go the way of a laptop for a new one. For what I was looking for this one matched what I wanted for the price I could afford. So far I couldn't be happier. I had to get used to Windows 8, but it didn't take long to figure out how it works. I actually really like it because you can go between the "Start" page & a regular desktop screen. The "start" page is customizable so you can put all your favorite programs on one page without having to navigate through other stuff to get the program/s you want to use.I do not use my laptop for anything fancy: regular internet stuff such as checking e-mails, hanging out on a few forums & my favorite websites, Netflix (hence why I bought a laptop with such a large screen), editing my business website, search engines when necessary, etc. Once you get used to everything its very easy to navigate including settings. Im not very techy so I cant give a fancy review about RAM & RPM, but for what its worth the computer runs smoothly, quickly, & I haven't had any issues so far. This computer starts up & is functional VERY quickly: it doesnt take more than a minute or 2 to start up from when you hit the power button to typing in your log in password & getting to the "start" page.The touch pad took getting used to as well, & like any laptop it makes scrolling a little difficult & slow, but I bought a wireless mouse for when I need to do stuff with extra speed. The screen is bright (when you set it to be), & all pictures/images are clear & crisp.A full battery lasts a little over 6 hours at full screen brightness (which is a big battery killer), & charging a dead battery takes no more than 2 hours. This laptop comes with a battery monitor so it tells you percentage & how much longer your battery should last as well as battery health (so you know when the battery needs replacing), & there are settings you can change if you plan to keep the laptop plugged in for extended periods of time, plan on frequently charging it with a not low battery (ex: 50%, 75%, etc), etc.Shipping wise it was packed well & arrived on time.The only con is the size of the laptop can be be a bit bulky, but I think its worth it so its not a huge deal for me.Overall VERY happy with my purchase!