UPDATE 3/17/14: The trackpad stopped working within months of purchasing the laptop. After 1.5 yrs the trackpad is getting repaired for the 4th time (going on 2 weeks at the repair center currently), and since the extended warranty is now expired those repairs are no longer covered. I paid over $1400 for a defective computer. Despite this, Lenovo refuses to negotiate a discounted post-warranty or anything else for the trouble I've had with their product from the beginning.ORIGINAL REVIEW:I'm a student. I use my laptop on a daily basis, mostly for watching video recorded lectures online and accessing PowerPoint, Word, and pdf files. Tried to write a review on Lenovo's website, but they screened it out.Likes:look & designsuper quietdoesn't overheatfast startupgreat keyboardpretty long battery life though decreasing over the year I've had it (that's what batteries do)Dislikes:speakers sound tinny, volume unimpressivetrackpad erratic despite adjusting sensitivitytrackpad stopped working after 5 monthseven after replacement the trackpad still freezes--invariably so when computer is coldno SD port (c'mon, Lenovo. for this pricetag??)the keyboard scratched the screen (I recommend placing a cloth over the keyboard before closing it)Lenovo Tech Support*Bottom line: I like this laptop and could never go back to one that isn't equipped with a solid state drive, but like any computer it's not w/o problems. Except for the trackpad issue they're problems I can live with. An external mouse helped me deal somewhat.*The very first U300s I purchased was defective. I think the fan was hitting the keyboard--sounded like an electric razor in the left corner near the esc key. Lenovo Tech Support infuriated me when the rep told me it was a "customer perception issue" and that was how the laptop was supposed to sound. Ended up calling Lenovo Customer Service and exchanging it for the same model--sure enough, second one was just fine. No buzzing.Trackpad issues were there with both laptops. The mouse spontaneously freezes--only way to fix is to close the lid and open it again (variable success) or use external mouse (always successful). UPDATE 4/17/13 - Trackpad is freezing more frequently. It will have to be sent in for the 3rd time, all three repairs being due to trackpad issues. Upside is they usually fix it and have it back to me within a week. Downside is the problem persists. Glad I got an extended warranty, but it's really annoying that it never seems to be a long-term fix.