I looked at the Chromebook Pixel for so long and kept contemplating because of it's price.  And to top it off, I had no way to see what one looked like before I made the purchase. I finally pulled the trigger and bought it directly off Google Play Store. Sorry Amazon--didn't even think to look here.If you are thinking of buying this product, do some research on what a Chromebook is. It does not run your Windows, Mac or Linux apps. It does not have a java runtime so you can't give it to your kid to play Minecraft. Definitely do your research because its very different from other computers on the market.What I like about it:* The display. It's stunning. I can sit it next to my Macbook Pro 15 Retina and I really think this display beats it although very marginally. The colors seem a hair brighter and the text a bit sharper. Great displays on both products to be fair.* Great font rendering. If you have a web page with a great deal of text, you can adjust the browser zoom down to 25% and the text remains very sharp and very readable.  Of course you will need good near vision to do that. :)* Touch display. I didn't think i would like it that much for web browsing but now when I'm on my other laptop, I have to stop myself from distinctively reaching up to touch the display.* 1TB of Google Drive for 3 years!! I was already a heavy Google Drive user and needed more room. And the price outright for 1TB for 3 years is basically the price of the Pixel.* The look. Its very distinctive. Quality look and feel.* The size makes it great to take with you. I took it on my trip to Canada. It's light and stays out of the way. Perfect for checking mail, publishing photos or watching Netflix in the hotel.What was less impressive:* Battery life. I'm comparing to my Mac. I get a solid 4 hours of usage. It's not horrible but it's not stellar either. Somewhere in between. I'm happy with it but who wouldn't like extra battery regardless of the device they're using.What surprised me:* I had another Chromebook and didn't use it that much. But I've had this one for over a month and I reach for this over my Mac most every time. I was really worried that after the novelty wore off I would use the Pixel very infrequently. But it's small, lightweight, responsive with the most incredible display and a great computer to use.Overall, I'm pleased with this purchase and the only thing I regret is not buying it sooner. But the Pixel is not for everyone. At this price, you're well aware there are other choices. But if you "fit" the Chromebook paradigm, it's an awesome machine with an incredible display and doubly sweet if you need the 1TB google drive space.