This is a very thoughtfully engineered and full featured business oriented laptop. Some positive features that set it apart from other second generation sandy bridge core i5 laptops in this price range:An express card 34 slot for high bandwidth peripheralsAn excellent keyboard with numeric padA matte screen finish (thank you!)A generously sized, sensitive and configurable multi-touch trackpad from synaptics with a on/off switchVery easily accessible components and fan ducts to keep dust bunnies under controlThis unit purchased from Amazon comes with a 1 year warranty.After using it for some time, I have some other observations... There are no OS rescue disks included or the ability to burn them yourself. Booting to the OS recovery partition is the only way to restore the computer to the factory state. Needless to say, it is a useless option when your hard disk dies. Also, the image eats up around 16GB! This is totally unacceptable. It was not helpful when swapping in an SSD.The included software is comprised of "special" offer trials for office 2011 and norton internet security, adware, bloated "maintenance" programs, and a "security" suite that poorly duplicates functionality already included with windows 7. There is no unified uninstall for these programs and with the exception of the included Arcsoft media suite and hp power management utility, the only useful function of the included software is to lull the user into a false sense of security. HP, please stop! Expect to spend about 3 hours removing these useless packages.Without the hindrance of the included bloatware and with an SSD equipped, this laptop becomes the weapon of choice for people who like to get some work done on the road. It is sturdy and pleasant to use, with understated design for buttons and non-distracting illumination. The LED back-lit screen has poor resolution (1366x768 ? please.), but is otherwise high-quality. Finally, I cannot say good enough things about the keyboard! Overall, I am very happy with my purchase and I think that you will be too.