SPECS:OS: Windows8 64bitCPU: Intel Core I5-4200 @ 1.60GHzMemory: 8GB installed, supports 16GBVideo: Intel(R) HD Graphics Family with 2GB of memoryScreen: 17" touch screenGood:1. Aluminum body is beautiful, looks awesome when closed.2. Light up keyboard with number pad3. Access to all major components (Battery, HDD, memory, optical drive) See below4. Decent video capabilities. I have the laptop connected to a 20" external monitor (DVI to HDMI adapter required) and use the notebook as a second monitor with no problems. I was able to RCT3 on steam with no issue, which is about as extreme as I normally go!5. Nice wide feet. The laptops feet go all the way across the laptop.6. Touch screen. I tried it out briefly and it works as expected. I'm not sure how much I'll use it but it's a nice to have.7. Nice big touch pad that supports gestures.8. Included dell software lets battery charge float instead of remaining at 100% constantly which can reduce battery life.Bad:1. Battery access compartment is hard to access without scratching the finish. Be very careful and don't rush or you will scratch it guaranteed; don't ask how I know this! If you do go in, try to do all your upgrades at once to minimize the chances of scratching the case. Of course now that I think about it a suction cup would probably make this a breeze.2. Network jack has a fold down door because of the low side profile. It seems fairly sturdy but, I can't say how it will hold up in the long run so be mindful when plugging in a network cable.Indifferent:1. My laptop came with a WD blue 750GB HDD which was decent. I swapped in a 256 Samsung Pro SSD I had on hand and the speed difference is awesome; boot times were no more than 10 seconds and that is being conservative.See note above about accessing the battery compartment if you go this route. Once the door was off the swap out was easy. Disable secure boot in the BIOS before you clone the existing HDD or it won't work (Samsung data migration software). I haven't re enabled it but, I might try later and see if it works.2. Windows 8. I wish it came with the pro version but I can upgrade that later3. The screen, I have yet to find a laptop monitor the looks as good as a desktop and this is no different. It still is acceptable.Overall:Great laptop for a person who is ready to let go of the desktop permanently.  I do wish it had an option for a full fledged docking station but, at this price point (879 as equipped that's asking a bit much)