All the computers I own are HPs. My older ones have always had fairly poor design materials and have notoriously overheated. When I purchased this laptop I was nervous about these common HP problems as well as the harsh review given over the quality of the screen. When I opened this laptop, however, I was blown away by the quality of packaging as well as the breathtaking aesthetics of the laptop itself. Tentatively I turned on the computer (as I prepared for the worst), but, to my surprise, I was greeted with a screen that easily displayed vibrant colors and looked just about as good as any 14" laptop would. Apple is a bit ahead on the screens and batteries they use, but this laptop has a perfectly fine display and a fantastic battery life. I copied vast amounts of music and videos from an external drive while installing various programs (such as visual studio which took about an hour to install) and this laptop completed all those operations while living up to a battery life of about 4 hours (I imagine the battery life is much better when the computer is simply word processing or internet browsing). Another surprise was the quality of the graphics processing in this computer. So far I have run MW2 and Fallout: New Vegas on high and ultra (respectively), and the graphics card has handled everything with ease. I do plan on giving it harder tasks to accomplish (ahem Crysis 2), but for all graphics computing within the norm of PC games I'd say this computer can definitely handle it. While running these games I also checked the amount and temperature of the air that was moving out of the vents and once again I was surprised at how cool it was. Another plus is the notable lack of vents on the bottom of the laptop which invariably suck up dust and cause the computer to run exponentially hotter (there are two vents only: one on the right side and one in the middle of the back). The only complaint I have is the power cable which is pretty deep and kinda hard to put in and take out.In conclusion, the i5 processor, generous RAM and VRAM, mid class 2 graphics card, secondary storage, superior sound card, slot-loading optical drive, back-lit keyboard, and overall appearance should leave any consumer satisfied and proud to own a laptop of this caliber. The xbox is also a nice plus (which you can get off amazon and hp just check the details).