EDIT: I forgot to add that I had the same battery detection problem when I first received the computer. I did a bit of Googling, power cycled the computer, ran it with/without battery etc. Some combination of events worked. Once the battery was detected the laptop has worked like a charm. But this could cause initial stress. I knew the issue existed and the whole thing didn't take me much time to fix so this issue eluded my recollection when I first wrote the review. This should count against Toshiba but I am so happy with its performance I am going to leave the rating at 5. Consider it a diamond in the rough.I have had this for close to 2 months now. I use it for many hours daily. This replaces another Toshiba Satellite (L505) I bought over two years ago and is a great improvement over the previous model. The AMD processor has very satisfactory performance. I don't think I have ever come close to exercising the full power of the four cores. The fans are very quiet. While the air from the vent is hot the bottom of the computer stays cool all the time. The screen is of good quality with accurate colors. The battery life is close to what is claimed. I am very happy with it. Now with that said if this is the only computing device you plan to have you should be aware that there are caveats:1) It is lighter than most other competitors at this price point but it is still pretty heavy. That is a price you have to pay for a 15.6 screen.2) The screen, when closed, flexes when you carry the computer around in hands. That doesn't give one the securest feeling about the screen (being safe from damage in the process). I don't move it around that much so that is not a problem for me.3) The web cam quality is fairly low.4) The 4GB SDRAM takes up both slots so you won't be able to upgrade without removing one or both. On the other hand you know from day one that both slots work (my previous model only uses one slot but it turned out the open slot was faulty when I tried to upgrade later). 4GB should be sufficient for most. I have many programs open at the same time including both IE and Chrome browsers (which tend to be memory hogs) and memory capacity has never been a problem (while on my previous model with 2GB I knew that memory was the bottleneck).