I purchased my Chromebook back in November, and while it is not a substitute for a traditional computer, I have found it invaluable and a great compliment to my desktop PC and smartphone. When I bought it, I imagined it as a computer I could use for travel and at work to replace my aging laptop. First, the battery life is wonderful. I don't even bother bringing the charger with me to work.The computer connects to the internet fast and easy, and initial setup was a breeze. Since I already had a Google account, everything synced right up - all my files, email, docs, blogs, ect was right there waiting for me. My next step was to set up some apps. These are not traditional apps as you would find on a phone or table, but more like links to a web page. Thats fine, and it really did not make a difference. Since I use Chrome on all my computers, everything again sync'd right up. This computer serves many purposes for me - web surfing checking email, and even watching movies and online content. It boots up fast and is ready to go in seconds.Of course, there are drawbacks. First, it's not a traditional computer. So no programs, CD drives, Microsoft office or any of that stuff. Second, Flash support needs to improve; not every web page is 100% supported. And last, if you have a lot of tabs open, it slows down, but all computers would do that.Who would best benefit from a Chromebook? Honestly, I think in someway everyone could. It's great for kids, students, travelers, bloggers, and business. I don't think it is suited for web content designers and graphic designers, but short of that I have found many uses for both work and play. For $249, how can you go wrong? I recently sold all my Apple stuff and made the move to Android for mobile (with a Samsung phone and Asus tablet) and a  Windows 8 touch PC. The Chromebook completes my transformation and compliments it well.I have not found the need to replace my laptop, and I enjoy the portability and quickness of the Chromebook. It's money well spent.