Bought from Bestbuy, 329$ or so.The good:The screen is clear and bright, and the keyboard layout is very good. Keytravel is tolerable, but not great. Sound quality lacks but who doesn't use headphones with a laptop? DVDR and digital media drive. I don't like integrated webcams. (did no one read 1984?) It runs fairly cool compared to other laptops I've used.Windows never even booted on my machine. I installed slackware 13 on the first boot.X-windows (xorg) displays at factory resolution out of the box. Slackware 13 sees the integrated WiFi driver out of the box, which means most other linux distros should too. (not so with the copper network interface)  Linux also sees the DVDR out of the box.Decent support if you can find the phone number... I remember that was hunt the first time around, and rather irritated me. Acer doesn't seem too interested in taking responsibility for their products, but once you get a hold of them, they sort it out in a fairly prompt way.battery life is acceptable. Break your batteries in properly, and you will generally do ok.Size is just right. 1366x768 screen give a lot of visual real estate, and fits over a full keyboard well, while still being small enough to work from in coach.The bad:DVD drive was misaligned out of the box and vibrated badly. Motherboard was toast within six  hours of turning it on. Sent it back to Acer, they returned it with the DVD drive and the motherboard fixed. This procedure was fairly painless.  6 months later, the motherboard fritzed again. I think there is an issue with the radeon 3200 in this thing. It failed this time and I discovered that it will not display in it's native resolution, but other resolutions do work. So at least I can recover the hard drive.Low bus speed. I forget exactly, but I think the bus on this thing is clocked at 333, which is pretty antiquated. I knew this when I bought it though, linux blazes on it anyway, as expected.The integrated Atheros ethernet chipset does NOT have a servicable linux driver at the time of this review. I was really miffed about that. Seriously? What network chipset vendor doesn't release driver sourcecode these days? This is an oversight by AMD, Acer, and Atheros.Now that I'm shopping for a replacement for this notebook I've noticed this atheros ethernet chipset is in broad use. IT SHOULD BE AVOIDED, by anyone looking to run linux, and IMHO by anyone else too. Based on what I've read, there seems to by some funky bios hooks associated with Atheros chips which suggests at least to me, that proprieterization could be an issue.No legacy ports. I would have liked a 9 pin serial. Only 2 USB ports, one of which is sacraficed on the alter of Atheros.I really like this notebook when it works, which isn't often enough to keep it.