I bought this laptop half a year ago for schoolwork. I am very careful with this laptop and I tried to keep it in mint condition so it can last me for a while in college. Over time, no matter how careful I am with it, a lot of things are damaged and I begin to see how fragile the build is.At first, I loved the laptop and thought it was amazing, great speed and I could do anything I need on it.The battery life is not very good at all and attaching the external battery to it makes it normal. The external battery looks very ugly and could have been much better to match how nice the laptop itself looks and I was reluctant to use it.The update to windows 8.1 made everything seem easier to operate because it fixed the scaling of the windows to make it easier to touch.The damages I regret to inform you about involve the bottom of the laptop which is made of plastic. There is a little crack right by the usb port, the rubber padding on the top where the screws for the external battery go into has ripped off and the micro sd card broke. When I try plugging in a micro sd card in, it reads it, but does not hold it in place because the spring inside has been damaged over time.In addition for those of you who are unaware, the laptop claims to have "a" 120gb ssd. That is a big lie, the laptop actually has two 60gb ssds which are running in raid0. The problem with that is, yes it does combine the speed of both drives allowing it to run faster, but raid0 also decreases the life expectancy of the drives. If one drive fails, all your data will be corrupted regardless of the other drive available. In addition, raid0 also does not allow the trim function in windows 8 or 8.1 making data management less efficient.My final verdict, yes this is a nice looking laptop, fast, light with a nice 1080p ips display, but over time you will start to experience problems and see the true quality of the laptop. Personally, I regret purchasing it and wish I went with either a microsoft surface or a laptop with better build quality regardless of size and looks.