I will write a short pros vs. cons list of the laptop.Cons:1 Keyboard: The keyboard, including the space bar, need to be typed on firmly. For instance, I was typing withoutlooking at the screen, and when I looked up, there were no spaces between the words.2 Hot: I may need to adjust the settings, but the bottom of the laptop is hot to the touchwithout a cooling pad.3 No backlight on keyboard: The keys do not light up at night or when it's dark.4 455 GB not 500 GB as advertised: It's not a deal breaker for me, but only 455 GBof free space instead of 500 GB.5 Opening laptop; BE CAREFUL: A reviewer mentioned this and I should have followed his advice. I opened the laptopwith one hand and the bottom of the laptop roughly hit the table and it almost fell. Please open thelaptop with 2 hands. With one hand, slowly open the top part of it and with the other hand firmlyhold the bottom part down.6 No free games installed: There are no free games installed, but you can download free gamesfrom the Windows 8 store.[...]Pros:1 Cheap! I only paid $300.2 Lightweight and thin3 Durable: I accidentally banged it against the table and nothing bad happened to it. I don't knowif that would be the case if it landed on the floor; but the outer shell seems durable and hard andnot light and flimsy4 Keys are easy to clean: There is a enough space between the keys to easily clean with acotton swab.5 Wireless Bluetooth connection: You can connect bluetooth devices to the laptop. For instance,I wirelessly connected my phone to the laptop, and was able to send pictures, music, and videosfrom my computer to the phone and from my phone to the computer without using a USB cord. Also,you can use your phone like a remote control.  Just click on the song you want to play from yourphone and it will play on your computer, even if your computer is in another room! On the desktopon the right side of the bottom task bar, click on the arrow (next to the flag icon) and selecta round blue icon and then select add devices, then it will locate your device and your good togo.6 Fast and reliable: I have no issue with speed if I have multiple programs open,am downloading music or movies, or watching movies or videos on the computer or webbrowsing. You can do multiple things at once, without a problem. But for gamers, probably not,but for the "average user" I'm sure it will  be fine.In short, it's a good laptop for someone who does not need a high speed processor, a state of theart web cam, camera, high resolution screen, or a ton of memory or RAM.