This laptop has all the features that anyone would practically need. The price keeps dropping so any newcomers will definitely benefit from its lowered cost.The only reason I didn't give it the full 5 star treatment were several reasons.cons first1. No instruction manual, download the  HP 4530s pdf ONLINE, I Goggled it.2. No Win 7 Pro Repair disk, available separately for $10 on Amazon or eBay.3. Download Win 7 Pro updates from Microsoft, many and timely but necessary.4. UPS delivered, arrived OK but packing was almost non-existent in a large box. The HP box had enough packing though, so the laptop seemed protected.5. Be prepared for a lot of garbage which can be removed.positives next1. After running setup which was timely, I was impressed with the numerous features and add-ons that came with this model. I compared this HP with several other makes and this laptop excels against similari5-2410s.2. Value for monies paid will surely increase buyers interests obviously.3. This Sandy Bridge make all the previous i5s pale in comparison. My recommendation is to get the i5 with its turbo boost and never look back.4. The newly listed price from Circuit City/Amazon is fantastic for a "Sandy Bridge" i5 laptop.5. The unit seems sturdy enough.6. I like the ease of upgrading the laptop. Flip it over, remove the bottom plates and you can get to the RAM, HDD, etc quite handily.7. The HD+ screen was quite a bonus for these old eyes.8. The offset touchpad was OK.9. The Cap lite is a necessity for me and this unit has one.20. The Intel video with its turbo boost on shared video is supposed to really make a difference, as told to me by a friend who swears by it. We shall see.Overall, I'm looking forward to video editing and doing Photoshop, which were my main reasons on getting this HP.  As to its reliability, time will tell.Footnote, June 7.Runs quite cool and very quiet. No problems so far. May need to get a Vi Dock 4, or better; to boost my integrated video. Seems that the onboard video is a bit lacking and adding an Ati card via the expresscard slot should solve that problem.Footnote, June 15.Discovered HP Documentation earlier when investigating Programs and the PDF was very informative. (Wish there was a note inside the box upon opening)Onboard HD Video is very good for intermediate gaming and video editing. The Crucial 4GB RAM which I added today will handle my multitasking needs quite nicely. Buying and installing the Crucial RAM was most inexpensive method for any upgrade and easy. My PhotoShop and Illustrator applications plus my Sony Suite will benefit highly with this increased RAM.