Some background:I own the original mid 2012 Model with 8GB RAM, 256GB SSD, and the GT 650M. Being an early adopter, there were some growing pains such as the stuttering of animations when swiping into mission control or scrolling on certain webpages. Apple has provided over the past year with software updates that have improved scrolling and animation performance. However, the real limit were in the graphics (HD 4000 and GT 650M). Now that the new model rocks the Intel Iris Pro and GT 750M graphics, we'll see how this compares.What I like:+ screen now covers 99% of sRGB.+ there is about an hour increase in the battery life due to the Intel Haswell architecture+ the SSDs are now PCIe based and therefore almost twice as fast as the previous generation.+ Thunderbolt 2 ports are present instead of Thunderbolt 1+ Upgraded to wireless AC+ The Intel Iris Pro performs nearly identical and in some cases better than the dedicated GT 650M under NON-GAMING work loads. A lot more information is available if you search online about Iris Pro vs GT 650M+ The Intel Iris Pro is significantly better than the Intel HD 4000 while having better energy efficiency than the dedicated GT 750M (thus the 1 hour increase in battery life)+ Scrolling and other animations are smoother than in the previous generation.+ Windows 7 and 8 run fine if you install via Boot Camp+ "$200 price drop" - see belowWhat I didn't like:- Apple changed the pricing scheme of the two 15 inch models. In order to get the dedicated GT 750M, you are forced to upgrade to the top model with 512GB SSD and 16GB RAM. Before this, you were able to get dedicated graphics on the entry model so the "$200 price drop" isn't really a great deal after all unless you can live with just the Iris Pro graphics.- This is unfair to those who are just looking for dedicated graphics in the entry model and are now forced to spend $600 more to get it.- Iris Pro graphics under-perform in games when compared to the old GT 650M.- You can't connect to Ethernet without paying $30 for an adapter.- Case scratches easily. I suggest you invest a cover and a well cushioned carrying case.- Many review sites label this as a "workstation" laptop but be warned! NEITHER Iris Pro or GT 750M are suitable for professional applications like Solid Works, Auto Cad, Maya, etc.Conclusion:-If you are into photography, video editing or want a decent gaming laptop then I'd recommend this model to you.-If you want dedicated graphics but can't stomach the high price, get the refurbished mid 2012 model - they are being sold at great, low prices.-If you are a professional looking to run applications like CAD along with video editing software, look elsewhere. Platforms better suited to your needs would be the Dell Precision, HP EliteBook W and, Thinkpad W series.