I'll try to avoid rehashing what's in the other reviews.I dislike how the retina display is handled in osx. If you're running software that isn't optimized for this, everything looks horrible. Even when you are running retina-ready software, things just look big. Really crisp, but too big. By paying for this really high resolution then, you don't actually gain any screen real estate, just a boatload of crispness. To me this resolution presents an opportunity to display smaller text and have it still be nicely readable, i.e. to gain valuable screen space. As somebody who uses their computer pretty heavily for work and often has a lot of windows open, that's really what I wanted. Who would want otherwise? Some strange niche of people who have bad eyesight but complain about crisp font? You can adjust this under Settings->Displays and choose one of the 'Scaled' options, but then it displays a message the 'This setting may affect performance'. That's pretty annoying. To be fair though, when I am using this to review the photos I shot with my Canon 6D, the screen really does shine.One last negative: the battery life is nowhere near what Apple claims. I never have any video going or anything else that should be draining it. Usually just a web browser, excel, and a few other pieces of software I need for work. I get about 3-4 hours from a full charge. In the off chance that I do a video call, the life drops more. The windows machine I also use always beats its advertised 6 hours...On the plus side, the hardware is stunning. My old computer is a 13 inch and I think I ultimately like that size better because even though this one is thin, it's still a hefty machine to carry around. The construction is classic Apple and everything works well. The keyboard and trackpad are particularly amazing.If I were to do it again I would probably get the 13 inch version of this with a 256gb hard drive and 8gb of ram and save myself a thousand bucks. If you're on any sort of budget, even that may be a waste of money for similar reasons. Then the decision would be tough because you could get a macbook air, but the screen that comes with it is really weak compared to the Windows competition.In the end I think this computer is a good buy for 2 groups of people. 1 - the small minority of professionals who need this sort of hardware, which are mostly graphic designers, photographers, and videographers. 2 - people who value a $2500 computer as a status symbol.UPDATE 4/21/2014: Another thing I noticed recently while traveling is the power brick is big. A lot more cumbersome than my Sony one. This might be related too but the mac does charge impressively fast.