I have to say this is the first laptop that I truly enjoy using (I mostly compute on the cloud but do some editing in Photoshop) everyday. This is my first Mac computer, and the transition from Windows has been painless. The hardware quality is top notch, and the software of Mac OS X 10.6.5 Snow Leopard is well executed. The portability of course is that of a netbook, but even better, due to the great construction and 2.3lb weight. The main reasons I bought this machine were: 1. Switching from Win 7 to Mac OS X; 2. Portability; 3. Perceived qualityPros:Small footprint, very portable.High quality of hardware and software.Large, multi touch trackpad is excellent.Keyboard is spacious and tactile.Applications open quickly due to SSD hard drive.Super quiet, barely gets warm when the processor really works.No finger smudges unless you touch the screen.Very nice screen.Unlike some reviewers, I think the speaker quality underneath the keyboard is good; users also can see/hear me well on Skype calls.Cons:I expected better battery life. On half brightness, with basic usage (email, surfing), I get about 5 hours. If watching videos/Neflix, basic usage, and editing photos in Photoshop, I get about 3.5 hours. Still better than my previous laptop, but I expected more life.The Core 2 Duo processor is definitely slower when pushed to the limits than today's current crop of Intel Core chips.For this price, I really expected 4GB of RAM.No SD card slot is unfortunate.Personally, I do not care about the omission of an optical drive. The 64GB HD is also sufficient for my needs. I also do not care that the keyboard isn't backlit as the previous generation was.If you're a heavy programmer, require plenty of processing power, and need tons of on-board storage,  I don't think this Air model would work. I'd stick with a MacBook Pro or a Windows 7 Intel Core i5/i7 machine. If you're a basic user and require some heavy usage (photo/video editing, webdesign, some program writing), I think this machine will meet your needs. Overall, I really enjoy this product and would recommend it to anyone in the market for a sufficiently powerful, capable and portable machine.