The CyberpowerPC FANGBOOK EVO HFX7-300 looks like a great deal...at first.  Next-gen Intel Haswell quad-core mobile processor gets the job done, next-gen high end mobile NVidia graphics card is the most powerful single card you can buy in a laptop right now and can pretty much play any game with most eye candy maxed @ 1920 x 1080 resolution, 8GB of 1600Mhz DDR3 what is more than enough to handle most work loads, great matte finish 17-.3 inch LED screen, etc, etc.  So, what's not to like.  Well, for starters and ultimately the "killer" of this great deal is the cooling solution.  THe HFX7-300 utilizes a SINGLE fan to cool both the GPU and CPU.  As a result, both the GPU and CPU throttle down in clock speeds in order to maintain the proper thermal thresholds they were designed to operate.  The end result is a laptop that will have longevity issues, perform much less than expected, and will need to be used in an environment with an ambient temperature that is below 80F.  THe CPU and GPU will most likely fail over time from continuous exposure to unusually high temperatures.Bottom line - DO NOT BUY THIS LAPTOP!!  Yes, you might save a few hundred dollars, but that will ultimately be your undoing.  This laptop will cause you nothing but heartache with customer support or with having to return it thinking it's defective.  But, it's NOT defective.  It's part of the way it was designed, which is to say that was done very poorly.Don't believe me?  Read this review on a similar MSI GT70 laptop that has the exact same cooling solution as the HFX7-300 - Thanks to Doctor Dave for both links!http://www.amazon.com/review/R2ZG948Q8RZEPV/ref=cm_cr_pr_viewpnt#R2ZG948Q8RZEPV[...]If MSI and CyberpowerPC would have just taken a bit more time to employ a better cooling solution similar to the Asus G750 and Alienware M17X and M18X laptops, they would have had a serious contender on their hands.  Instead, they were more worried about profit instead of quality of product.  NO WAY AM I GOING TO BUY FROM A COMPANY LIKE THAT!!  Maybe next year MSI and CyberpowerPC will get their respective quality control and product engineering teams back on track...maybe...