Thanks for participating in Apple Support Communities.We removed your post Re: what is the normal battery life on the macbook air? because it contained rants or complaints that weren't constructive. We understand wanting to share experiences, but these forums are meant for technical questions that can be answered by the community.Here is my post which Apple doesn't appreciate because spreading the truth can hurt their sales.12 hours battery life for the Macbook Air? I'm lucky to get 3 hours with the brightness turned down to 4 out of 16 blocks, and running only one app - Pages.  Anyone who spends this kind of money expecting the long battery life that Apple promises is going to be disappointed. Apple won't replace my lemon with a new Air. They want me to ship it to an Apple store so the techs can scratch it all up and then return it to me with, more than likely, the same problem still existing.No more Apple products for me. Bought two of the original iPads in 2011 that Apple now refuses to support (no more updates for the older iPads so we now get crashes that cannot be avoided, not to mention software we want that requires the iPad 2 or later). How long is Apple going to last by ripping off customers? Do they really think the average person can afford to spend $500 to $800 on a new iPad every two years?I bought a new iMac the same time I bought the Air. How long will it last? My Dell PC lasted from January 2003 to March 2013 - TEN YEARS with no problems whatsoever. I don't expect my iMac to last even half that amount of time. My brother warned me not to buy Crapples. Now I'm paying for it.No wonder the Macbook Air is now $200 cheaper than what I paid for it. Plus now they're giving their software away to help boost sales - Pages, Numbers and Keynote - all of which I had to buy separately right before this updated version came out.January 31, 2014 at 6:18 PM EST: Apple deleted another one of my posts which only asked people how long their battery life is on a full charge on the Macbook Air.  Here's the email they sent me:Thanks for participating in Apple Support Communities.We removed your post Re: RE: battery life because it was nontechnical or off-topic. We understand wanting to share experiences, but these forums are meant for technical questions that can be answered by the community.Just found my deleted post.  Here it is:Re: My MacBook Air 2013: only 7 hours on batteryJan 31, 2014 11:53 AM (in response to SMfmDXB)"7 hours - wow, you're lucky.  I get about 3 hours running only one program - Pages - with the brightness turned down to 4 bars out of 16. Can you please tell me what I can do to get 7 hours out of my battery on my new Macbook Air?"