The Dell Inspiron 15R-1632sLV offers computing "punch" for a reasonable price.  I had a specific need for a Windows 7 laptop with a reasonable processor (Intel i3), as much memory as I could get (6Gb), and as much hard disk space as I could afford (750 Gb).  For less than $450, the Dell 1632sLV fit the bill.  Couldn't find anything better for under $500 (including HP, Asus, and Lenovo).  A number of critical programs used for music composition are not yet compatible with Windows 8, so I bought this laptop specifically to run that software.I've had the machine for about a month as I write this review.  It started up right out of the box, connected to my 802.11 n Linksys wireless network in a flash, and works perfectly.  It's a great "interim" machine as I save my pennies for a "significant" desktop (32 Gb memory, core I7 processor, 2 TB) for my business.If you want a good low priced laptop with Windows 7, this is it.And, as always, Amazon beat expectations.  The laptop was delivered ahead of time (they're good at managing delivery date expectations) and in great shape.  Kudos to Amazon.UPDATE 3/16/13:  Currently having minor problems with the wireless card in this machine.  Occasionally (2 or 3 times seemingly randomly during the day), the wireless signal fades out.  Have to run the Windows 7 routine to "reset the network adapter" before the signal is again captured.  Have read several posts from other Dell laptop users of the same class of machines who have experienced similar problems.  I have several older (5 years) laptops from both Dell and HP (all 802.11 n) that have no such problem and are located on the same dining room table.  I've changed the power saving feature to "performance" so that the card will not fade out due to power regulation.  That fix improved the performance of the card, but didn't completely solve the problem (it fades out less often now).  Plan to install a new Linksys/Cisco 802.11ac wireless router in the next couple of weeks.  Hopefully, the improved transmission capability of the new wireless router (the old router is a Linksys/Cisco E1000 802.11b/g/n) will improve reception.  Also, have more wireless devices running now (3 laptops, 4 smartphones on WiFi, a Roku box, an Xbox 360, a PS3, and a Kindle Fire HD as well as 2 desktops on 100 mbps Ethernet cables).  So, we may have conflicts/signal strength issues.  Will let you know how the new router works with this specific laptop.  P.S. - the current and new routers are/will be positioned about 20 feet from the laptops.