Do not buy this laptop or any Asus laptop for that matter.I would to remark that before I bought this laptop I respected Asus as high quality manufacturer of high end computer parts. I thought the specs were great and the price competitive.  However, since this purchase I have become extremely dissatisfied.Out of box, I had to do a bios update to avoid getting the good ol' blue screen every hour and I had to update my video card driver to play any program that would require something as nice as a GeForce GTS 360M. I was surprised to find any computer sold in such an unstable state. More to the point, the bezel on the camera came loose starting to split the top of the laptop apart after ordinary daily use. This was the cause for my first RMA. Then, I come to find out I have to pay shipping and insurance for Asus to honor a warranty on their faulty product. I found this unacceptable on a product that cost well over a thousand dollars.  I went and complained on their site and they decided to pay for my shipping for my second RMA.  The screen started having bright spots on it.  They replaced the LCD panel.  After this the monitor went out entirely.  This is the third RMA.  At this point I started saving the box and packing they send it so I can send back without having to scrounge around for packing. Now the HDMI port will not send a signal.  RMA number four.  They were not able to fix the laptop's HDMI problem.At this point Asus decided to send me a different refurbished G51jx laptop.  Again, after using this for only a little bit the camera bezel came loose again and the HDMI port did not work.  This would be the fifth RMA. Finally, I am now on my sixth RMA.  Right now, the laptop can't stop switching between AC and battery power,  the speakers have become practically inaudible at full volume, and when I'm doing something as mundane as checking email it will unpredictably spaz out.  The screen will do a crazy tie-dye rainbow thing, I have no idea how else to describe it, and the laptop will crash.  Buyers beware!!!My G51jx faults listed in chronological order:1. Bad bios2. Bad video card driver3. Loose camera bezel4. Bright spots on LCD5. LCD failure6. HDMI port failure7. Loose camera bezel part II8. HDMI port failure part II9. Power supply issues10. Speaker volume issues11. Tie-dye rainbow crashesAsus is not willing to do very much for the end user.  They would prefer to do half way fixes on an inferior product and wait till the warranty runs out.  If they can't fix the problem properly they ask to "recover the operating system."  This means they do a wipe and make you start from scratch.  I will never buy an Asus laptop or any other Asus product again.