Well, I've only had the mac air 13 inch (258 gig, 4 ram) for 3 days, but so far, I've got to say that its AMAZING!!!  The only reason I gave it 5 stars is because I can't give it 6 or 7!  A few comments:*  Its so light, you'll forget its on your lap.  Just incredible.*  Screen is amazing. Great resolution.*  I'm trading from an old macbook pro with 128 gb to this one with 258 gb.  And my old macbook was almost tapped out with usage of 115 gbs.  However, after migrating everything to this new computer, I'm only using around 90 gigs.  Which seems to suggest that the macair is much more efficient at storing data.  Means that I didn't get 100% storage upgrade, but in reality, more like 122% storage upgrade! (NOTE:  I am not a computer geek, so may be missing something here, but nontheless migrating all my "stuff" uses less gigs than on my old computer.)*  So far, it doesn't heat up.  Stays cool and nice.*  Battery is fantastic.  First use got me around 8-9 hours, and then it only took a bit less than 2 hours to fully charge from dead empty.  I know its new and it will start showing some wear down after a few months, but at least out of the box, the battery life is performing as advertised.*  Videos from youtube, etc. run smoothly and nicely.*  Takes less than 15 sec to start from "off" position, and less than 2 seconds from "sleep" position.All these things are incredible.  But for me, I've saved the best for last.  Its amazing how QUIET this computer is.  I've read a few reviews about fan noise, but when I'm using it, its like having a magazine in my lap.  No noise AT ALL!!! Next to my old one....its like placing a new model lamborghini next to an old model a ford.  Just no comparison.  This is DEFINITELY the future of computing!!Now, I'm a photographer, and haven't had a chance to download my photoshop application yet.  So I may have some reservations once I've done that.  But until then.....I can't say enough good things about this machine!!!  If you are wondering if its worth the price.  IT IS!  Don't hesitate....just buy it!!!