The summer after my senior year of high school was one of the most exciting times of my life, thus far. I was finally done with high school and moving on to bigger and better things. All my life I had been striving for the best and getting my first laptop was not going to be anything short of the best. After my graduation party and selling my car, I finally saved enough money to purchase my first `real' life purchase. I knew I wanted a MacBook Pro since early senior year and now was the time that I was finally going to get it! I begged my mom to come with me to Best Buy to help me buy it. She didn't see the need to come with so I brought my sister. Checking and double checking that I had the right amount of money in my checking account I told the sales woman that I'd like to buy a MacBook Pro 13 inch. She gladly went to the back to get it and without hesitation I swiped my debit card. A screen popped up asking if I wanted to purchase insurance. Being the 18-year-old kid with only a new laptop on my mind, I stupidly said no thanks. After signing my life savings away, I walked/ran out of the store carrying my new `baby', just as the store was closing for the night. Getting home I opened the box and started to set-up and install all of the new and coolest things on my computer. At around 12:30 that night, after convincing my mom that Macs never had any problems and they were the best laptops around, my laptop completely shut down. It was charging so I knew the battery was fine, but it still wouldn't turn back on. Reluctantly I walked downstairs with tears forming in my eyes. How would I tell my mom that it wasn't working. After spending what seemed like days on her laptop searching what could be wrong, we decided to call the Apple helpline. They were dumbfounded, just as we were. They said that we must have gotten the `lemon' and that I should not have any problems returning it tomorrow for a new one. It was the longest night of my life. Waking up at the crack of dawn, we exchanged the `lemon' for a new one, as well as bought the highest amount of insurance possible. I've now had it for almost a year and have not had any problems with it. If I had to choose a MacBook over a windows laptop, I would still pick the MacBook hands down even with the small mishap in the beginning. I definitely think that the saying of `good things happen to those who wait,' truly applies to me, if I waited rather than being rash, I would have had no problems with my `baby.'