I don't review things very often, but I have decided to give it a go. Below is a list of things I thought were worth mentioning. Hopefully I will remember to update this over time.It has a very pretty glossy finish. The only negative about this thus far is that it attracts smudges and fingerprints very easily.Set up was really simple and fast. I did not have to uninstall many programs.This is the first laptop I have had with the island style keyboard. It will take some time to get used to. In my opinion, it feels a bit clunky.The optical drive is kind of loud. So far I have only used it to install a few games. I am hoping that it is not quite so loud while playing dvds.Speaking of games, if you like to play The Sims 3, it works wonderfully.The Windows Experience Index is 4.6The webcam could use improvements.The track pad is not jumpy and the zoom is fun to play with. The scrolling is going to take some practice though.With default settings, the speakers kind of suck. (What I did to make it better: start/control panel/hardware and sound/sound/right click on speakers/headphones and choose properties/enhancements/check loudness equalization/apply)Update one:Thankfully the optical drive is not loud while playing dvds. However, something I have noticed is that when you open it while it is laying flat on a surface (the laptop) the disc holder thingy will scrape along the surface.I had an issue after using sleep mode for the first time. After doing so, whenever I put it on hibernate, I would find that hours later it had turned itself on...by itself. I did quickly find a solution though and it has not repeated this since.Update two (a year later):Still a very good laptop. My least favorite thing is still the optical drive. It is just cheap and flimsy. (It does work though) The only new issue that has popped up for me involves the trackpad. It occasionally just slows down for some reason. I usually just press F3 to deactivate it and then again to reactivate and then it begins working correctly again. At this point I have played many games using this laptop and although you may have to adjust the settings, it still runs wonderfully.