I bought this shortly after finally purchasing two tablets; a Galaxy Note 8.0 and a Galaxy Note 10.1.  I wanted to try it all, and see where my mobile needs led me.  Honestly, if I had bought this first, I'm not sure I would have bothered with the tablets.  Tablets are probably superior for games, and consuming entertainment media, which I can't do that much, due to limited internet access.  I love that I can sit on the porch and type away, or read the news, research topics of interest, and I don't have to hold the screen, as a tablet requires.  I didn't even bother to read the Quick Start Guide; the Chromebook just leads you along - and I'm barely tech literate.  As I needed to learn how to do things like Copy and Paste, access the Bookmarks bar, Zoom on the screen etc, I just 'Googled' my question to find the answer.  Google has made sure that detailed, clear and easy instructions are right there online, for all my questions so far.  I cannot believe that this tiny laptop was less than half the price of my 10 inch tablet.  I also bought a 32 GB SanDisk Cruzer Fit usb drive and it is so tiny you can barely see that it's inserted behind the hinge.  It's easy to be mobile with that little flash drive inserted - just leave it in.  I haven't tried an SD card yet, but I've read that it sticks out beyond the little door; too bad, it would be nice if it fit neatly inside, like a micro sd card does on a phone or tablet.  I am new to Googe Drive, but so far I love it.  I don't think I will use it for larger files like photos, because my internet is via my cell phone, and I have to watch my data consumption.  But for documents it's great; easy and accessible from all my devices.  All my old documents that happened to be in Google Docs magically appeared in the list!  Like old pals.  And even with Google Drive, you have the option of storing the documents on the usb drive.  The keyboard is a little harder touch than I'm used to, but I'm adapting quickly.  It's a nice keyboard; feels solid.  Battery life seems like it would be around 5 - 6 hours of continuous use.  I haven't really pushed it that far, but that's what the control panel is telling me, I think.  I haven't really explored all the available apps yet.  I've hardly opened my Macbook Pro since getting this little Chromebook.  Love the way it boots up almost instantly, just like a tablet.  Flash memory; yay!