This laptop really needs 2 GB of RAM if you're expecting to get the best performance out of Windows Vista. Be prepared to do an upgrade (this is very easy, even for the non-techie).  Also, the A135 tends to run very hot - so I recommend purchasing an external USB fan, like this one.Targus AWE81US Chill Hub and Chill Mat with 4-port Hub for Laptops up to 17-Inch - BlackMy assumption is that you'll end up with one of these computers the same way I did - either someone will give you one, or you'll find it dirt-cheap on CL or the auction website that starts with the letter "e." Brand-new laptops can be purchased so cheaply these days that there's no serious reason to buy a Toshiba Satellite A135 and pay $200 for it, but if you stumble upon one for less than $100, it's probably worth buying, if you're looking for a light-duty laptop for grandma or very young kids who don't need the latest and greatest.Also, a fairly common problem, judging by comments/pleas for help posted on various internet message boards, is that many of these laptops bought used have a glitch regarding the bios being locked with a password. There's a complex fix, which is way beyond my skill level, involving a soldering iron and a paper clip. I just decided to live with the locked bios, meaning I can't get into the CMOS settings to change anything, which shouldn't be a massively big deal for most users.Edited, to note, FWIW, I performed a completely unremarkable memory upgrade to 2GB, but the introduction of a used 160 GB hard drive into the belly of the beast killed the lazy old b**ch. Even though the hard drive specs indicated it was a perfect match, something went wrong, and the patient died belly open on the operating table. I removed the new hard drive and reinserted the original one, and all of a sudden, there were bizarre error messages about a network card failure.Pfft. Cracking open the slots on the bottom of the case revealed a solder knocked loose, from what looks like the network card, which was most likely caused by the age of the laptop. A real FUBAR. I could buy a soldering iron and teach myself how to repair the damaged connection, but at the rate I'm going, I might end up burning the house down. So it was just time to say Sayonara, baby... you worthless old hag.