Though I didn't purchase my PC through Amazon,  I feel that I have an obligation to review this PC.  I bought it last August and have to say between now and then I have had it running at least 2/3 of the time since.  I fall asleep to movies in my MediaGo library.  I use it to record local music.  I use it to make music.  I go to college online with it.  I work this machine, there are always at least 4-5 programs running.  It rarely crashes because of hardware issues.  No problem running and Adobe CS5 program. This computer is truly a beast, I could keep listing what I have put this machine through all night. I have put this machine through hell, it comes everywhere with me.  In the time that I have had it, I have only had 2 issues.  The first I easily fixed myself because it was a software malfunction, I had to restore the system to factory settings which is a grueling process when you create and accumulate as much data as I do.  Though my computer is still a fully functional machine after the few hours it took to get it to where it needed to be.  The second issue is that sometimes when I put it down swiftly when it is closed, it shuts down.  The strange thing about that is.... It doesn't recognize that it shut down incorrectly when I turn it back on.  But this happens few and far between, like I said I've put this thing through the electronic equivalent of hell, and there is no handbasket involved.  I have definitely received output of data that is far beyond the financial input for this laptop.  I find SONY to be a very reliable company, any time I have had a problem or question they have been easy to deal with.  I look forward to upgrading the Hard Drive and RAM in the next coming months.  I enjoy its aesthetic, and the full sized keyboard. Its not heavy, it does run a bit hot.  The power button is awkwardly placed, I accidentally put it to sleep sometimes when I pick it up open. (reminiscent of the poorly place power switch on the PSP, when intensely involved in a game it is easy to accidentally power off... I guess that's the price we pay for smaller and smaller electronics).  All in all, if you are looking for a PC that is reasonably priced, will meet your entertainment (besides hard core gaming (though oblivion runs fine on it... prolly not skyrim though), and can handle multitasking too, SERIOUSLY consider this Machine.(BIG)prosQuality ScreenUpgradable Hard Drive, RAM, and Optical DriveFull Size Keyboardgreat for  Everyday Entertainment useand... It still Multi-tasks amazingly.CONSpoorly placed power button (minor nuisance)has needed maintenance (after 15 months, but it was easy to DIY)lots of Bloatware... (easy to fix)loud optical drive (minor nuisance)