I am using my time to do a review, because my expectations were exceeded, meaning someone, somewhere, deserves positive feedback for that.  Karma, what ever..... Thank You Apple, Thank You Amazon.Bone-fides:I've owned and used representative Macs of every generation from the beginning, and Apple IIe's, II GSs etc before that. The family has always had several Macs around the house any given time plus a couple off at college.  I'm somewhat of an digital intelligence / awareness augmentation enthusiast and I publish virtual tourism products that must be widely compatible, so I own, like and use PC's alongside Macs, daily.  Don't care!Yes I own one:  Because I was really good this year, I bought myself a 15" Retina Display, 16 gig, 512 ssd for Christmas from Amazon, and received the stellar "prime" service I am accustomed  to.Opinion:I love the machine. The build quality, performance and display are remarkable.  It  replaced a much, much beloved 17" MacBookPro lost in a fire, so my satisfaction bar was set pretty high.  I am delighted with the 15".  If/when there is a 17" Retina Display model, I'll get one, but for me, now, the 15" Retina is it, an extreme value, considering the price point has not really changed on the highest end MacBookPros in a long time.  I think I paid more for the loaded 17" a couple of years ago. This model is satisfying me in the same ways.  Per normal with replacement Macs, it is now the fastest computer I own, besting the MacPro I'm using to write this and the display really is stunning.The never ending, Apple led, Bus, Port and interface changes don't bother me, I'm numb.  Heck, I still have SSCI stuff somewhere.  For me, managing my local peripheral architecture changes and transitions is way better than being stuck with with the slow, buggy, large old stuff.  What does kinda disappoint me is the locked down, non-upgradable nature of the beast.  I used to delight in getting the fastest processor, but otherwise baseline versions of my Macs or PCs, and upgrading them.  A nit really,  because mine is outrageously equipped for a comparative song, and my needs are not likely to outgrow its capabilities any time soon.  Wants, are another matter, but even there, the 15" Retina MacbookPro is is confirmed as my first  choice amongst laptops that I might use to augment me.Bottom line: Extreme value for my money, in that I got phenomenal computing power and advanced display technology packaged as a fine work of industrial art.Update 1/9/13:  I have the Samsung built display and it remains impressive.  I'd buy this jewel again.