It might be helpful to describe my PREVIOUS computer. For the last two plus years I have been using an Acer one, 10.5" notebook. I had upgraded the ram to 2 GB.  I never had anything that small before, but really  I liked the size, and also the ACER quality (for the price).I did a lot of research before I bought this new ACER. I'm a tightwad and I didn't want to pay for any more than I needed. After the first week I am totally pleased.One of the problems with the previous notebook was the undersized keys and keyboard.  The move up to 11.5 inches has allowed for full sized, fully spaced keys.  I'm a writer and I need a real keyboard that I can use anywhere.  Someone else referred to these keys as "chiclets".  Yes, they protrude up individually through the casing. They're very easy to type on. It verges on fun. The only thing that concerns me is that they may accumulate dirt, which may be difficult to get out.  But, that can't be any worse than most other keyboards.I don't do any gaming; So, the 6 GB is really great.  The processor and RAM are quite adequate for word processing, spreadsheets, surfing, and watching Netflix.It is super slim, portable and very light. Note, however, that the power cable is on the right side.  I would prefer the left, but it's not a big deal.The screen quality is very good for the price. The size of the screen is perfect. It is the smallest possible screen for a real keyboard. It is big enough for all the programs to run without size problems.In regard to software:  I was very skeptical of W8. I spent 3 or 4 hours familiarizing myself with it.  I finally got it set up.  Basically I only see the APPS screen when I boot.  I go straight from there to a (more or less) familiar window's desktop.  It's working OK, but I'm thinking about defecting to Linux Ubuntu.I also may install an SSD drive when I do that. This is not because I am dissatisfied with what came in the box.  I think it's a great value for what I paid.Now, a word to the wise about MS office. MS is really trying to rope everyone who needs office into annual fees, high prices, and so forth.  I refuse to do it.I first tried Open Office, but soon learned that they (apache? I think) are not keeping it up. I had trouble with migrating excel files and formatting.  But, Libre Office is really great. They're on top of it.  It's open source. It's free and it works.  It doesn't have all the features of the later versions of office, but for my needs, it is just fine.