I'm of course am typing this short review on my MacBook Air. Though I own a Mac Pro, an iPad, and an iPhone, I'm really glad I added the MBA to my repertoire of Mac hardware.I use my iPad everyday for ebook and other e-reading, as well as web surfing, but the MBA is most useful to me for writing beyond my office desktop Mac. While I don't like the high price of Mac products (thus the reason for taking off one star), I just couldn't resist the design and style of the Air. When the 2008 MBA was released, I totally detested it. It was way overpriced and it didn't feel like a netbook. This is not the case with the 11" Air.I chose it over the 13" Air simply because I wanted a small computer, but not as small as the Dell models or other netbooks.At first typing on the Air felt a little uncomfortable, but after few days typing with it I got used to it. Also adding essential apps that I use on my desktop (Butler, Typinator, Hazel, ClipboardSharing, QuicKeys 4.0, etc.) has made my Air nearly perfect.The only frustration I have with owning both the Air and the iPad, though, is that they seem to overlap in some areas. It would be cool if Apple could combine the two enabling users to run both iOS and OS X.Anyway, I highly recommend the Air as a secondary Mac or if you're a student needing a computer to carry around with you. The base level Air, which is what I have, will not work well for heavy duty photography work or other media projects like long iMovie videos, but it's great for small projects or editing existing larger projects that you started on your desktop Mac. It definitely can replace a MacBook Pro unless you're using the latter for heavy duty work.And as the specs say, it is fast, especially when you raise the lid. It does have instant start-up, but you do have to wait a few seconds before the mouse cursor appears.The battery life is good as Apple claims, and the trackpad gestures are the best way to navigate programs. Overall, it's a great machine, and if you don't mind the price tag it will be a computer you keep around for quite some time.