I will disclose the obvious, I am biased toward HP products. That said, my company recently swapped out our laptops under contract from a competitive brand to the HP Elitebook 8440p. I was really happy to say the least! After having been around the HP Pavilion product line and the HP Mini 110 lines for quite a while, I was shopping for a new personal laptop and the 8440p really hit the button for me. I called HP small business sales and had a very informative discussion with a salesman and he informed me that the 8460p was the newer replacement and that I would find it might even be affordable compared to the older model.Now for some details:Processor is the iCore5 and it can be upgraded in the future because it has the ZIF mount. Also, the specs. were not clear but there are two memory banks and it comes with a 4gb filled in one so you have usable memory if you want to upgrade. (I remember the days of getting your memory in smaller size and populating all banks so that if you wanted to upgrade, you needed to chuck them all and start fresh).I got looking at my optical drive and since I had a spare new blue ray player / dvd burner slim sata drive, I thought what the heck, wonder if it would work? yup! now if you might like the fact that you do not need tools to pull the cover off to access the memory and hard drive area, and your Windows COA label is now protected under the battery so you won't have them become damaged and worn off like on my previous model.graphics and sounds are very good for a laptop, especially a business one. very neat features like built in smart card reader, finger print scanner, business card scanner, USB3 ports, express-card expansion slot, ability for docking station and secondary battery attachment. the construction of this laptop is very solid and rugged. I feel like the price I paid was very much of a steal for what I got compared to the normal plastic computers at the box stores. the positive latching lid, multiple wireless options, battery configurations and endless power with the HP super battery (I don't remember their name for it, but they have one) all add up to make one heck of a desktop killer. I can honestly say that with the docking station and the processor and memory options, I am ready to retire the desktop!too many other good things about this to list, but maybe another owner will pick up the football and run with it.