I bought this for my daughter who has been using the same aging HP desktop for a several years.  They like the portability and increased power / speed.  They marvel at how quickly it loads programs.  They also like that it has two operating systems: There are two ON buttons: 1 boots to Windows 7, the other boots to an instant-on minimal operating system that lets you do email, internet, view photos and listen to music. Very slick. If all you want to do is quickly check your email or your friend's blog, do the quickie-boot and you're in and out in a flash.This machine has a serious nVidia video card and tons of CPU power.  However, most of the time, the video from the built-in 2.0 MB webcam completely sucks. It mostly produces 15 frames per minute of very pixelated, smeared, washed-out snapshots.  In fluorescent lighting, it is horrible.  In incandescent lighting, which has been outlawed by our glorious leaders to keep our earth from bursting into flames, the video is better but still unsatisfactory.  I sent a Logitech 2.0 MB webcam to our daughter, and that gives beautiful HD video.  I am convinced the only problem with the ASUS's webcam is that isn't properly incorporated into the system to use the system's video capabilities.(Before you say you can't get that kind of excellent video from a tiny webcam, take a look at the MacBooks.  My cheapie bottom-of-the-line MacBook produces video as good as the Logitech webcam.)The top of the lid is pretty but I think I'd rather have the finish on top that they put on the bottom, which is a black finish with tiny knobbies that does not show fingerprints at all.The chassis has a pair of stubby legs that hold it off the table enough that it never overheats.On the left front corner next to the 3.0 USB socket is a mechanical switch that turns the wireless on and off.  There is also a keystroke combination for toggling the wireless on and off. If you pull out the USB connector like I do, you can flip that mechanical switch and turn off the wireless without knowing it. It took me half an hour to discover the switch existed and was the reason the wireless was off.The monitor is not HD, but it is good enough.The computer is quiet, even when the fan is running.The thumbpad is overly sensitive, but you're better off with a mouse anyway.