I have a MacBook Pro 15 inch and love it for every day home use. But, I sometimes travel overseas and to lug the 15 inch all over due to size and weight is not ideal. Currently I have a Samsung NC10 Netbook with Windows XP, 2gb ram, 160gb hard drive and use that for travel. I like the netbook for travel as it is small and light and has built in camera for Skype when traveling. Overall, not a bad device except for one thing.....it is slow!!! Even after upgrading to 2gb ram on the netbook it is just plain slow and sometimes moving around is painful and frustrating. But, it was the best choice until now. I checked out the new MacBook Air and it is a thing of beauty, so I picked one up. I like the slightly larger screen size then the netbook, which at times seemed too small. I also like the larger keyboard on the Air compared to the netbook. But what I like most is the speed. With the core 2 dual core processor and flash storage, the Air is quick. I never feel frustrated. The Air is also lighter then the netbook which for the size screen and keyboard is amazing. So here are my pro's and con's.Pro's1. Quick- not a full speed notebook but for the size and weight this thing is great compared to netbooks.2. Light- 2.3lbs for 11.6 inch Air is fantastic.3. Keyboard- keyboard feels good.4. Mac OS X- enough said. If you have never tried it compared to XP or Win 7 then you don't know what you are missing.5. Storage- fast flash storage. More dependable compared to hard drive on mobile device.Con's1. Price- 1k for base 11.6 inch unit is not cheap by any means.2. Storage- the storage is fast and more dependable but its expensive and limited. The 64gb works for me as this is for travel and not my main notebook so I keep a lot of "stuff" off of it and just do internet, email, word docs etc.3. Upgrade- can't upgrade RAM if needed after purchase.Overall, I'm thrilled with my purchase. Yes its pricey but for the size, speed, quality and OS it is worth it in my mind. I probably wouldn't buy it for my only notebook but its a great travel notebook while my MacBook pro stays at home. My netbook did well for what it is but time to sell it as for me it is just too slow and XP is getting old as an OS.