Despite being the guy who wrote the article about how with an iPad and a keyboard case you don't need a laptop anymore, I had a large case that was going to trial that required the purchase of a laptop.  Despite being an Apple guy generally (4S, iPad, 27 iMac) I cheaped out and bought a HP Envy 4.  My justification was similiar performance at half the cost.After spending time with a group including a MacBook Pro 13, a Dell ultra book,  my HP ultra book and a couple of recent vintage 13" Airs I saw the error of my ways.  Display, keyboard, general speed, sleep, start up,  and battery life are all better on the Air.  The much better display and battery life alone justify the additional cost.  The track pad is also outstanding as is the keyboard and general build quality,  I exchanged the Envy for the Air along with a significant payment which ended up being the best money I've spent in a while.Make sure you update to OS 10.8.2.  Not only do you get (with the related firmware upgrade) true 8 hour battery life so long as you keep brightness at half way (which is as bright as  the Envy at 75%) you get the ability to dictate pretty accurately into most applications.My only complaint to date is that the OS Email server has no ability to limit email uptake on accounts like the iPad. I have only found one program to date that I could not get in a Mac OS flavor and Office 2011 for Mac is a superior product to the PC version.  The only compatibility problem I have had to date is with an Epson projector whose wireless USB key supposedly does not work with a Mac OS despite there being a suitable patch on the Epson website.  While there truly is no need to go there this computer works nearly as well in PC emulation mode if you insist.SInce I originally wrote this review I have only grown to love this computer more.  It is truly one of those things that is the best of the best and to think that you can acquire a best of the best for just a bit more than ordinary is extraordinary itself.  I truly enjoy this computer in every way and use it as much as I can as it is such a joy to use,This  is an outstanding computer.  I love it!  So will you.