I spent lots of time looking for this computer and I tried out numerous options.  I wanted a windows 8 tablet, but I am a software developer and I need to have a keyboard.  Plus I typically work on my lap.  This ruled out all of the Windows 8 Tablets for me and I tried several of them (Asus Vivotab Smart, Samsung ATIV 700 pro, Microsoft Surface Pro)I got the Acer Aspire S7-191 on sale from Amazon for $899 which matched my budget.At this price it beats out the competition.Here are the things I love - backlit keyboard, 1920 X 1080 touch screen, 11.6 inch form factor, super thin, aluminum screen back and keyboard surface, I5 processor, SSD drive.With the extra battery, the battery life is good and typically last over 6 hours of active use.  The deep sleep feature keeps it from wasting the battery and it is very quick to reboot.  I actually like the extra battery, it adds a nice grip to carry the notebook around with.With the speedy SSD and the I5 processor, 4G RAM seems quite adequate.  The machine is super fast at all of the tasks I typically perform (software builds, SQL server etc.).Although I do love this computer, there are a few things I wish for, so I am giving it 4 stars:I wish the S7-191 had a Tent mode which would allow me to tuck the keyboard away for close reading. It does have a goodrotate feature that allows you to hold it like a big book in portrait mode. I am using this to get around not having a separate windows 8 tablet.I wish it had a row of function keys on the top of the keyboard.I wish it had 256G SSD instead of 128G.  I am finding space to be an issue. I added an 64G microSDxc card and I have added a 1T NAS (Synology DiskStation) to deal with storage issues. That takes care of the problem, but I would still prefer to have more storage actually in the main drive.I wish it had a digitizer pen.  I loved using the digitizer pen on the Samsung ATIV and the Surface Pro and using the handwriting app on windows 8 is a very handy way to communicate.I wish the edges on the aluminum keyboard surface were filed down smooth.  They are a little sharp and it digs into the edge of my palms.