Have had my chromebook for a couple of weeks now and overall really like it.Pros:-sleek look and functionality, light, gorgeous.-takes literally less than 5 seconds to boot up and shut down.-long battery life (though it drain much faster when you are streaming).-I love how easy it was to set up and get everything going. You just enter your google account and it uploads everything- including bookmarks and saved passwords...it was a little creepy even.-decent sound. I came from a media computer with INCREDIBLE sound, so it was hard to adjust to, but I'm used to it now, and can't complain, it's comparable to my husband's in sound.-price is WONDERFUL. such a bargain. it's sturdy enough for a laptop, portable and light enough to compare with a tablet in portability.-love that it has an HDMI port, it's so nice to be able to hook it up to the tv for better viewing with groups.Cons:-I'm a huge multitasker online, often opening tons of tabs while watching a video. It definitely doesn't like that.-I miss my normal games. solitaire, freecell, where are you? :(-I HATE the apps. I thought it would function more like a tablet in that aspect- that things like pinterest or reddit would open as their own application. nope, they almost all just open in the browser. I don't need a downloaded application to take me to a commonly visited website! so pointless.-why the HECK are the speakers on the BOTTOM of the computer?-I wish there was better...I don't know, categorization of files? I like that windows has "music", "documents" and "pictures" preset, this has no such thing and I had to create it and just save files accordingly. something silly but it bothers me nonetheless.-no disc drive, so no cd/dvd burning, but this was no surprise, I knew what I was getting into.Even though my complaints seem numerous, they're really minor. The only REAL complaint is the lag with lots of things open, but I'm pretty impressed with its functionality for the price. If you're looking for something simple and portable with many benefits of a larger laptop, and you're a google fan, I don't think you'll be disappointed. But don't expect to get a laptop with all the bells and whistles something larger, with more space and whatever else computers have in them.