I love the laptop.  You could say I am kind of a computer geek (mainly pc) and I wanted to get my feet wet in the apple pool (more like ocean!).  I saw this MacBook as a good platform to start with.  I had figured I would upgrade the ram and hard drive with better ones that I had from other laptops but when I went to upgrade the ram, there was a sticker that said "WARRANTY VOID IF REMOVED".  I thought this was odd because the ram is easily accessible if the battery is removed.  I wound up removing it anyway and put 4gb of GSkill laptop memory in it.  It says it reads all 4gb but from what I read this OS only uses up to 3.2gb of it.  For a dual core I was surprised how well this handled photoshop.  I took this to the local Apple store when I first got it to have it checked out but the tech there said they could not service it because it was not all original.  It turns out that when it was refurbished by Wegner Media, they replaced the battery, frame around screen, keyboard frame, & mousepad with cheaper versions.  Also the previous owner did not take proper care of the laptop as there are tons of scratches on it (not the re-seller's fault) and their name was etched into it on the bottom.  I have to say, the beauty is on the inside of this one.  The mac UI is starting to grow on me.  I mainly bought this laptop so that I could have a dedicated mobile machine for web design.  It certainly beats carrying my 17" Asus g73 around which weighs about 10 pounds!Bottom line - It's a great computer but if I had seen pics of the one I got before, I would not have bought it.  Any time you buy a used or refurb item you take a gamble.Pros:- Lightweight- Great Battery Life- Everything works great, all the I/O ports work- Perfect for getting acquainted with macsCons:- If want to upgrade the ram then you void the warranty ( have to remove sticker to get to ram slot)- Case was scratched (previous owner etched their name on mine and it was not taken care of)- Tech at apple said they couldn't service it because it does not have the original parts - battery, frame around screen, keyboard frame, & mousepad (The one I got was a refurb from wegner media)