We bought this at Best Buy because it was cheaper there. Only $270++Day 1 Install Day -> Easy to set up. Glitch #1 happened. Wifi lost connection and would not create the outlook account but still got to complete setup.  -> completed all windows update required. Took a while and a number of restarts but that was to be expected.  -> Day 1. 3x lost wifi connection. Had to click on the "FIX THIS.. " button to get it resolved.Day 2 -> installed office, adobe, no issues on install.  Lost Wifi connection once.Day 3 -> Mouse pointer keeps freezing. Had to force reboot 2x.I should have taken the best buy reviews more seriously. A lot of people angry with their purchase.A lot of issues with this computer:1.  Mouse pointer freezing2.  Webpages take 3-5 seconds to render completely and mouse pointer active for navigation3.  Free 30 day Mcafee will not scan. Keeps shutting off.4.  Have to click on things 3-5 times for it to respond.5.  Space bar doesnt respond all the time so have to double click on it sometimesLikes:1.  Lightweight2.  Pricei think the cons outweigh the pros. Will be returning to best buyupdate:Day 5i figured out the issue with the mouse pointer freezing, apparently after it did multiple updates, it disabled the mouse. I have never seen this before but there is a function key that has a mouse icon on it with a line on it. just clicking that function key returns the mouse pointer.Decided to give it a couple more days to see if all the windows update fixes its issues.Day 6seriously... i think weve experienced about 10 updates and about 15 restarts since then. how many windows update do you need? Some go for an hour. so today we disabled the automatic updates feature and maybe will enable updates when we leave the laptop at home.Speed has not changed. for yahoo main page, about 5 seconds to render fully. for netflix main page, about 30 seconds to render fully. Once they render, they stay usable. no issues. so if you are patient and not willing to spend a little more, this one is for you.