I purchased this and an Asus 13.3 inch u30jc at the same time.  The Asus was $879.  I did keep the Apple and return the Asus as the Asus screen had a lot of glare for my tastes; occasionally videos looked too dark to enjoy on the Asus.  They are similar machines except that the Asus includes Optimus with 512mg of video memory and a discrete video card.  It also has an i3-350 vs. the Apple's 2.4 core duo.  The Apple is better built.The good:  The Apple is well built and has an excellent screen for a laptop.  Good battery life.  The genius bar is two miles away and bulletin boards with many Mac users are only a few clicks away.  Snow Leopard is relatively easy to learn and one has excellent customer service for 90 days.The problems: some software is not written for Mac or has a subpar version for Mac.  Think of games or playing chess online.Worse, the 2.4 core duo does not belong on a $1,199 machine.  Many $899 machines now have i5s this summer.  (Apple can't put a i5 on its low end pro model or even an i3 as it would then butt heads with the $1,799 15 inch macbookpro.)  These same machines also typically offer 500gig hard drives that run at 7,200.  Some have discrete graphics.  (Few have battery life to compare with that of this machine, but the aforementioned Asus u30jc with an i3 does.)  Customer service is good but only 90 days unless one springs for Apple Care, making the price even more unreasonable.I could deal with a premium price if the machine had a 3.06 core duo or a low level i3.  And a discrete graphics card with, say, 512mg of VRAM.Soon, someone is going to come up with a machine that has the build quality of the macbookpro and superb customer service.  The machine will then be over-priced and somewhat obsolete by all measures.Excellent machine but Apple need not be so greedy.BMW's are overpriced.  My 335i, which I lease, is not worth the price even though I used to track them.  It does, however, have 300hp.  The Apple is more akin to a 4 cylinder Accord.  Well built and popular, but only reasonably powered.