OK I have been using Windows computers and laptops for years, but I was on a much tighter budget this time, so I thought I would give this a try.  I wanted to wait a few days before I wrote a review so I could give an honest opinion.  I mainly just needed something for internet use and this definately delivers.  I use it at home where I have wifi and it performs exceptionally.GOOD SIDE: SUPERFAST startup/shut down.SUPERFAST wifi connectionBattery last a long time.  I charge it in the morning and get 7 or more hours out of a charge before I have to plug it in.Internet works flawless.Video quality isnt AWSOME but it is pretty good.The bottom gets warm, but not hot at allKeyboard is slightly different from a standard keyboard, but works well.BAD SIDE:If you close the lid, it goes to sleep and looses internet.  Currently there is no way to disable this, but from what I have read in the forums, it is being worked on.There are a few things missing from the keyboard that you are used to having on a regular keyboard, so learning the shortcuts can be time consuming, but not really a big issueThe touchpad gets a little getting used to.  Remember, this is not a windows computer, so expect a learning curve.So far after a week of using the Samsung Chromebook, I don't have any real complaints.  For what I use it for it works fantastic.  If you are looking for a high performance laptop, this is not for you.  If you are a gamer, this is not for you.  If you surf the web all day and spend alot of time on social media, this IS FOR YOU.Please keep in mind THIS IS NOT WINDOWS.  There will be a learning curve to using this.  Once you get the hang of it, it is great.  So Far I LOVE IT!!!UPDATE:I have been using this for about 2 weeks now as my main computer and so far it still works fantastic.  The battery is amazing.  I charge it at night and it lasts pretty much most of the day.  Its lightweight so it travels so easy between rooms.  As I have seen on  many other reviews, it does loose its internet connection when you close the lid, but once you open it up it only takes about 5-6 seconds to reconnect to wifi.  So far there are very few things that I can't do on here that I could do with a regular laptop, but so far it has been worth every penny.