With so many reviews posted, I am sure that all the major pro and cons have been covered, perhaps even over covered! So, let me just speak to my best personal observations and leave all the tech speak to others.I've been a life long Apple / Mac user. The first computer I ever touched was an Apple / Mac, but I can't tell you the model number. All I remember is that large, rainbow colored Apple logo! LOL Anyway, I always preferred Macs to PC's--even though I was often required to use PC's at work. At home, the computer was alway Mac!Just recently, I was shopping for a new laptop; I wanted a small, flexible, but powerful system that was easy to take and easy to use. I was actually tempted--the shame of it--by a good deal on a fine looking Sony Vaio. I compared it to the MacBook and MacBook Pro. I mulled over the decision for a week, and I had the opportunity to look at a new laptop with Vista, the flowered-faced monster operating system that everyone at work seems to be complaining about as everyone receives their upgrades in turn. To make a long story short, good "Mac" sense finally kicked in, and I eliminated the Viao from my potential purchase list. [I might have to work with Vista at the office, but I don't have to live with it, even if it comes in a pretty package! LOL] I then had to decide between the MacBook and MacBook Pro. AND at the end of the day, the deal breaker came down to choice: MacBook gave a choice between Black and White. [The MacBook Pro looks rather silver.] Well, I've had beige Macs and white Macs and Graphite colored Macs. I never had a Black one. So, the black one with its generous keyboard and large trackpad appealed to me.With hand on my heart, I can say that this is the best Mac I've ever had the opportunity to operate; it is the best Mac that I have ever personally owned. The software that I chose to get for this new computer was IWork 08 because I read good things about it--if you don't want or need all of Microsoft Office's bulk and sulk. I also purchased Internet Security Barrier Back-up Edition and StoryMill. Oh --if you love Widgets, you can download extra ones from Apple's official website.As with any big purchase, though, do research before you make decisions. Decide what you want the computer for and how you will mostly use it. The best computer for you is the one that you will use with contentment and productivity.