As stated, some combinations of three keys (like Shift, Z, and X) do not register on this laptop.  Not an absolute dealbreaker, but it's something that should be known before you buy.  This seems to happen with all Asus laptops, must be the way they wire their keyboards.As for the computer itself, most of the other reviews sum it up well, but my thoughts:+ Screen is beautiful.  1080p gives you a ton of space to work with, approximately twice as much as the standard 1366 x 768 screen on most 15" laptops.+ Great video card for the price.  Expect to run most games in high/max settings, and even the most demanding games will usually run in mid/high if you're willing to turn the resolution down a bit.+ Asus accidental damage warranty/dead pixel policy is a nice safety net to have in case something happens, though it only has a one year warranty instead of two unlike some other ASUS laptops.+ Touchpad is smooth and easy to track on.+ Tons of ports; I haven't touched most of them but if you want to plug something in chances are you'll have no problem.+ Comfortable, backlit keyboard.  Some of the keys on the right side are a little squashed, though.- Bulky, hot while gaming, and has poor battery life, about 1.5 hours web surfing with maximum brightness.  Didn't try out any of the power saving applications.- Lots of bloatware; when starting up the computer had about 1.4 GB of memory in use, which means that around half a gig is being sucked up by stuff you probably don't need.  Strangely partitioned HD too.- Strangely wide bezel, which means that the laptop itself is probably a little bigger than your average 15" screen laptop.  Could've been a 16" without increasing the overall size.- Rubberized palm rest feels nice but gets greasy very, very quickly.Other thoughts:Speakers are about average for a laptop.In order to use the volume, brightness, and playback controls on the function keys, you need to hold down Fn, which is different from a lot of other laptops.  This could be a pro or a con, though personally I'm not a fan of having to press two buttons just to change the volume.The design and LEDs on the lid are a little flashy, though some might like it.Overall, if you're looking for a gaming laptop around $1000, this is a great choice.  It's got a very good video card, the processor can handle pretty much all games out there without trouble, and the screen looks excellent.