My previous laptop was running on an Intel Celeron M processor (1.6ghz) and was in the process of dying  (speakers burned out, blue vertical line on the screen and the hard drive was acting up) when I purchased this one.  Since this computer was running on DDR3 memory with a faster processor I expected more in terms of performance. It does run faster with some limitations,shortly after I purchased it I notice that if I played video (not hd) and started up the browser (mozilla) the video would run sluggish for a few seconds and if I opened more browsers or did not put a check on my multitasking it would get worse.Recently, I upgraded the memory to 8gig and the sluggishness during multitasking is less noticeable. I am using this computer to do some video editing, I am converting some VHS tapes to avi format and it is handling the conversion fine- VHS converted to VOB using a standalone dvd recorder then converting the bloated VOB file to avi on the laptop. While the video conversion is taking place I can do other tasks but the computer runs very sluggish so I just let it do that single task alone.  The video editing is the most demanding task that I use it for  while the others involve, besides browsing and watching video,  word processing and using the spreadsheet software. If there is anyone who can tell me/us how we can possibly tweak the win7 64bit system to get maximum usage of the memory please inform us.I am not witnessing any of the slow startup time mentioned here, I have disabled certain programs in startup, particularly some of the proprietary HP programs that are not really needed and have altered some of the frivolous visual effects, I really don't need transluscent menus or rectangles to operate.I also have quite a bit of backup software including a version of win 7 64bit so I do not have to rely on the recovery software located on the partition.I actually have no real problem with the keyboard I have to admit though that from time to time I keep hitting the key for the calculator. As another person commented I too like the matte finish. The screen size is slightly smaller than my previous laptop but I have no real complaints and its brightness is adjustable.  I somewhat miss the sd card slot but my camera has a usb chord and doubles as an adapter. I do not use the touch pad, never did on my previous computer, I have a cord usb mouse that suits me just fine.I would have rated this four stars but I find it difficult to support the notion that those of us who purchase this product, are forced to accept the proprietary software without any option to purchase it without it.