It is important to note that I am reviewing the s6992 model ($899). The only real differences that I have noticed between this model and the more expensive model is the lack of a blu-ray drive and that there is no keyboard back-lighting. If these are important to you, then you should definitely get the most expensive model ($1099).I purchased this laptop about a week ago, through tiger direct, for college use after my ASUS had failed (major hardware issues). So far, I am very impressed. There are better lengthy reviews on this model already (see Mad B's for example), so I shall keep this brief.Pros: - Gaming: I am not an avid gamer, but it was important to me that my new rig could handle any new games that I would want to throw at it. To be clear, games on this machine run beautifully. The 230M is a true performer, and I had no problem playing Team Fortress 2 and  Left 4 Dead 2 (demo) on this machine at max settings. I am confident that you would be able to play more demanding games with no problems. - Windows 7 : Loving it so far. I have had zero compatibility problems with my favorite programs, and if you are buying a new laptop, you may as well get one with the latest OS. - Full Keyboard : Just a nice feature to have, really. - Speakers : Great for just listening to music or watching a movie. These speakers are plenty loud and aren't tinny like most laptop speakers.  (NOTE: There have been some reported problems with these speakers just not working suddenly. Before you assume it is a driver issue, turn off the laptop, take out the battery, and reinsert. This inexplicably seems to fix the problem. This has only happened to me once, but is a common issue with the A505 series.)Cons: - Battery Life : About 2 to 2.5 hours on a low power setting. If you are gaming, forget it. It is important to know this going in. If you don't like to have your laptop plugged into the wall most of the time, then you will want to look into some other options. If you are like me, and this is more of a desktop replacement, then no issue. - Finger Prints! : Don't get me wrong, this laptop is very attractive...just pre-use. I am constantly wiping this thing down with a micro-fiber cloth after use, to keep it shiny. Not really that big of a deal though.Overall, I'd give this a 9/10. If you can forgive the battery life and deal with the finger prints, you can enjoy a laptop that can handle itself pretty darn well.