Pros:-Build Quality ~ The palm rest and outside of the u310 are made out of metal. This makes it a little on the heavy side for a 13.3 in. Ultrabook, but definitely gives it a more solid feel. A great trade off in my opinion. However, on the downside, the keyboard deck and bezel are plastic.-Trackpad ~ The trackpad is quite large and responsive. You can click the entire trackpad with one finger for a left click and click it with two fingers for a right click. You can also use the more conventional way of clicking the bottom left side and the bottom right side for a left and right click.-Keyboard ~ The keyboard has a nice travel (well, relative to an ultrabook that is). Though the shift and backspace keys were minimized, so I find myself pressing the up arrow instead of the shift sometimes. I got used to it eventually, so it's not really a big issue.-Speed ~ Boots in 15 seconds. Though I should mention that I did a clean install of Windows 8 and installed it directly onto the 32 GB SSD. Also, in general, there's no lag or anything.Stuff if the middle:-Battery life ~ About 6 1/2 hours with light usage. It's not great, but it is an ultrabook.-The screen ~ The brightness could have a higher light ceiling. If I use it outdoors on a sunny day, the sunlight easily overpowers the brightness of the screen. It's also glossy, making it more prone to outside light. For inside use, its perfectly fine as long as you are not sitting next to a window on a sunny day.-Fan noise ~ It gets a little noisy when booting up and under a heavy load. Though under normal usage, it is hardly noticeable.Cons:-Keyboard deck ~ The plastic surrounding the keys it flexes a lot. When you type, you can actually see the keyboard deck flexing up and down. It doesn't feel like it's going to break, but it makes the keyboard feel cheap and flimsy.-Bloatware ~ It's kept to a minimum, so not too bad. It can be easily uninstalled as well.Other thoughts:~The Wi-fi issues that the other reviewers have mentioned are fixed for the most part. Lenovo has said that any laptop manufactured after July 23 will have the Wi-fi fixed (mine was built in August). If you do unfortunately get one before July 23, you'll have to ship it back to Lenovo to get it fixed.~It works well with Windows 8, all the drivers are updated for the new OS.Overall I'd say it's a great ultrabook for the price.