I bought this brand new July 2012 for my college student daughter.  She claimed it was imperative that she have a MBP for school.  She makes videos for some classes and said Macs are best for this.  She also told me she needed FCP X.  So, I paid out $1500.Power cord failure after 6 months. Common complaint, Google it.About 9 months after purchase the glass monitor cracks.  Of course I thought my daughter had dropped it, but a witness--her grandmother-- said it made a "pop" sound while sitting on the table, and just cracked.  We had to replace that on our dime. Common complaint; Google it.One year after purchase my daughter goes abroad to study.  Shortly thereafter her MBP starts to act up, but can she find anyone to service this computer, on the island where she is living? Of course not. (Note:  the University she is attending is still using FCP 7 and ancient Mac systems; exchange students beware). So I have to FedEx her trusty old Samsung netbook from way back, the same $269 netbook that she took to the Amazon jungle eons ago, to get her through the rest of the semester.Daughter returns home midyear, we pay for logic board repairs, and off daughter goes again, this time to study in Turkey. Within 2 months of arriving in Istanbul, her MBP is showing the gray screen with the ? and all you Apple users know what THAT means. We tell her, take it to the Apple store.  She says, what Apple store? There is NO Apple store in Turkey! So she takes it to an "Apple authorized service center" but they won't work on it, they say it might be a hardware problem, and besides, Apple is opening a store soon, take it to their Genius Bar.So in the meantime I am once again Fedexing yes, you guessed it, the trusty, banged up, dented, scratched 5 yr old Samsung netbook to Istanbul.  While the $1500 MBP w/FCP sits, a cool, cold, and beautiful reminder of a bad relationship, awaiting it's fateful appointment (3 weeks away) with the Genius who will nicely inform my daughter that she will have to pay several hundred dollars if she wants her MBP working again.And surprise! Now my daughter discovers that none of her peers are using FCP X because it is too costly, too restrictive, too difficult to learn, and they are going back to PCs and using  Avid and Adobe!In a few months my daughter has an assignment to North Africa. She is taking the old Samsung netbook with her, and leaving the Macbook Pro (as she says, selling for parts) behind in Istanbul.If you are the type of urbanite who has access to an Apple store and/or can call Apple care toll free, maybe a MBP is for you.  But if you are an international road warrior, God help you, because Apple won't.