In a house with over a half dozen computers (iMacs to full blown gaming rigs), two laptops and a few tablets, weaklings are quickly discarded.  This little rig runs great, is more than capable of casual gaming, holds a charge and is very easy to get used to.  Windows 8 is still a bit frustrating, but we're getting there.  Got the Logitech T650 with it, and the two work together perfectly.  Learning gestures is something completely new, and is much harder for me than my 9 y/o son who this laptop was bought for.  He had limited exposure to Win7, so is taking to Win8 like a duck to water, and once you get over the appearance differences, there is a familiar interface underneath, so I can make adjustments and set some things up for him.  The smaller working area of the touchpad is a benefit to his small hands, but often makes my old hands feel like clumsy hams on ropes, and using Win7 since beta, every day, on many different PCs significantly steepened my learning curve for 8.  I'll keep Win7 on my workhorse rigs, but for younger, more permeable minds, Win8 really is very slick and works in a fairly obvious fashion.The laptop itself is very functional, looks great (but is a fingerprint magnet), and so far has no heat issues.  Everything works as it should, software installs and uninstalls without a hitch, and there doesn't appear to be an overabundance of bloatware pre-installed.  The first couple of hours, as usual, were uninstalling all the "free" junk, setting up his user account, syncing with apps I already had from G Play and Amazon that were compatible, getting a good AV, virtual disk and network/file explorer installed, a media suite (we have a media server for all the household devices and as it has to be cross-platform, no PC will natively be able to play the files), set up his email and online accounts, and he was off to the races.It is all plastic, so time will tell if will hold up, but at this price point, we're not expecting a tank.  Have not found any "quirks" like a few of our other laptops have had (Toshiba in particular), and so far, it is reasonably fast, runs like a little top, and is remarkably unremarkable in that it just does what you want it to do without any quibbling.  I don't know what else one could ask for without spending a LOT more.  Retina? No.  Server?  No.  Tournament FPS gaming rig?  Not quite.  But for a student/gamer/netizen/app junky on a budget?  Perfect.