I loved my previous HP DM3-1030US, a beautiful, svelte 13.3" slip of a machine, and only $500 to boot! However, the 1.6 GHz AMD dual-core CPU was getting too slow for me, so I looked for a new machine with 13-14" display so I could easily travel with it and use it on airplane tray tables, in cafes, and so forth.  Unfortunately, the DM3-like slim notebooks with faster CPUs were all much more expensive, in Mac Air territory.Recently, I saw this DM4 on sale for $600 and took a closer look -- I'm glad I did!  It's fairly light, and not too big at 14"; it could stand to lose some thickness (but so could I!), and it does have a built-in optical drive.The i5 CPU is 50-100% faster than my DM3's CPU, the screen is *very* nice, and the 6GB of RAM and 640GB hard drive are more than plenty.  It has enough ports, although I would have liked to see an extra USB port; the HDMI output is a nice touch.  It has real Intel WiFi and a fingerprint sensor (makes logging on fast and easy), but is missing Bluetooth.  It has a webcam and microphone that seem better than the run of the mill.Overall, then, it's above average, and I'm glad to give up Bluetooth for the fingerprint reader. I haven't used the touchpad, as I'm a mouse man, but I like that the touchpad, sound mute, wifi on/off, caps lock, etc buttons have built-in LEDs to let you know when they've been activated.I was not impressed with the hard disk speed, not surprising as it's a 5400rpm model, and I had been using an SSD! Since I can't afford a big enough SSD for this (180GB or larger), I bought a Seagate Momentus XT 500gb drive with 4gb of built-in flash memory cache.  It took a bit of research to figure out how to safely shrink the factory partitions to make them fit in the 500gb, but I was eventually able to clone the stock drive onto the 500gb Momentus XT and install it in place of the original drive.  Booting and general use are noticeably faster with the new drive.The bigger drawback is the keyboard.  I'm a touch typist, and have been having issues with the keyboard missing letters that I type.  It tends to happen in bunches, with small groups of letters missing, so it may be a design flaw, it might be defective, or it may just be a too-cheap keyboard.  I'm still in the break-in period, so we'll see if it's something I can adapt to, or if service is in order.UPDATE: new BIOS update as of late 2011 fixed the keyboard problem 100% for me. I can now use the notebook again!Overall, I'm thrilled with the speed; hopefully the keyboard will work out.