Bottom line, if you want to develop phone / tablet apps, this is a great computer for it.Specs were for programming Visual Studio 2012 and Eclipse Juno (and occasionally Force.com IDE / Salesforce.com and WordPress).  I also occasionally use Adobe CS suite and Microsoft SQL Server for developers 2012 as well as The VS tools and Office 2013...Intel i7 CPU @ 2.9016 GB ramWindows 8 64 bit (upgraded from Windows 7)Hard Disk: 500 gig no SSDDocking stationWhy Selected:I selected it because it seemed the best/ easiest way to write mobile apps and easily debug in using the virtual hardware, touch screen - and it is GREAT for this.What's Wrong:First- the computer was incomplete out of the box, Wi-Fi did not work and camera did not work.  Two visits from support and this was fixed.  I have come to expect this from many vendors, not just computer vendors. So no stars taken.  Initially talking with Lenovo, support was REALLY BAD. I expected "Business Customer" support not "Consumer Level"Summary:As a software development machine, it's perfect, fast, and easy to test touch screen capabilities of virtual phones.  With the docking station I can attach 6 phones and tablets for easy testing and debugging.I don't use the touchpad, I had significant problems with my laser mouse, but found the right driver (system could not determine the correct driver) and solved the problem.The tools with Lenovo to maintain updates is very easy to use and I appreciate it,  I had to download all the Windows 8 updates, took a long time (why no single package I don't know), most functionality is supported in Windows 8, I had low expectations, so was pleasantly surprised. The utilities of Lenovo are really nice, I don't worry about maintaining my environment.What I miss:I wish it had a great on board video card (I knew it did not) because I would like to drive multiple IPS 27 inch monitors and play the occasional leading edge computer game.  Games, I have another machine, multiple 27 inch monitors, there is no work around.