If you're looking for a system that has a comparable feel and quality grade to the likes of the apple macbook pro you need not search any further.This is the best laptop I've ever purchased in my 3+ years of being a laptop user. From the comfortable island style keyboard with the cool/soft to touch rubberized palm rest; the exceptionally crafted build quality of the system or even the accurately precise multi-touch track-pad, I'm definitely pleased with this purchase.Performance wise, this laptop has more than met my expectations. I'm also truly blown away by the Nvidia optimus technology, which clearly makes a difference in battery life for such a powerful system. The speed of the USB 3.0 port is off the hook. bought an USB 3.0 enclosure to check the speed and I must say, the results were definitely not what I'd expected. Love it! Love it! Love it!Alas though, my only gripe is that this version of the laptop does not come with the frame-less  screen LCD. The picture used to illustrate this system showed edge-to-edge glass for the screen but mine did not come with any (tis, tis).I was searching for a good laptop for about 2 months and my decision came down to the N61JV and the U30JC. I'm glad I went with this one.Update (1/12/2010): After a few months of use, the webcam stopped working and I began to start experiencing some BSOD issues with the video drivers. I decided to RMA the product to Asus for repairs. After about a week, I had received the returned the product with a note for Asus stating that problems described weere fixed and that the system is now O.K. After a day of use I noticed that the webcam was still faulty and the BSOD issues began to reoccur. In addition to that, Asus Repair Dept. had managed to cause some aesthetically noticeable damage to the laptop's lid. I was so upset I threw the laptop in the Garbage bin and decided that I'll never buy another Asus product again. I'm currently using a Acer AS5745G laptop and I think I'll be sticking with Acer from now on.