Not much else to say other than what has already been said about the MBA '13. It's simply a great laptop, and gets tremendous battery life. Windows also runs okay in boot camp, but really requires an external mouse to do anything useful. The trackpad works in Windows, but it's not really a good experience (navigating and especially right-clicking are somewhat unintuitive and cumbersome).I'd like to point out a couple things that are more particular that others might not have mentioned or that potential buyers might be wondering:- For coding, it's more than adequate. Running a 10,000 particle custom C++/OpenGL SPH fluid sim, I got about the same performance as a baseline-model Mid-2012 MBP that my coding partner was using. For XCode, I can run the iPhone simulator on my apps and games at the full 60 fps. All this can be attributed to the HD5000 GPU. For raw CPU compute power, it won't be as powerful as a recent MBP and will be comparable to the previous generation MBA, but that's the tradeoff for the 9 hours of battery life.- For graphic/2D design, it's got enough compute power for pretty much anything, but the screen leaves something to be desired. In a pinch, it works, but you'd be better off with something else as your primary laptop.- For 3D design / CAD, its got enough compute power for basic objects, but you should try to keep the poly count of the scene/model fairly low, as the HD5000 isn't really intended for such use.- If you are a user of Lyx, it is very problematic on Mavericks (10.9). I've yet to actually get it working, and other users who seem to have gotten ti working report a lot of error. You'll either have to use Lyx on Linux/Windows, or revert back to writing up in pure Tex/LaTex.- If you are a Windows user, there are many applications you can get that more closely replicate the Windows experience. The two main ones are KeyRemap4Macbook and Hyperdock. KeyRemap lets you customize your keyboard shortcuts to be the same as Windows (or anything else you want), and Hyperdock gives you taskbar previews and Window snapping like in Win7/8.