I spend about 5 months a year "away from home" so I purchased this HP (Nov. 09) in the hopes that I could take many of the features of my desktop with me.  On that end, this laptop has met all my expectations.  In fact, I find myself now using this at home just as much as I do my desktop!  When I'm on the road, I can do just about everything with this unit that I do with my desktop - business applications, internet, movie watching and "strategy game" applications.  I must admit however, that I do not play what one would call "memory intensive games" and thus cannot comment on how it handles them.  However, it is my opinion that anyone who went in expecting that a 17 inch laptop that is selling for under $800 to be a Blu-ray playing, 3D gaming "powerhouse" with performance and graphics equivalent to that of your home set up of an Xbox360, Blu-Ray player and a 50" plasma TV - you're not being realistic.  This is a "nice" laptop and if you're a person who wants or needs a larger screen and spends most of their time surfing, photo shopping, running a small business and occasionally listening to music or watching a movie now and then - then this is a good laptop for you.  Note:  Not everything is "perfect" however, fingerprints are always an issue with the units glossy "finish." I also find that the touchpad is too sensitive for me (even after adjustment) but that can is quickly solved with the addition of a wireless mouse.  The "Altec Lansing" speakers aren't anything special - but once again - it's a "mid-range" laptop - so what was I expecting?  I have read some reviewer complaints about "heat" (I always use a cooling pad anyway) and "slowing response times," motherboards, etc. but I have not experienced ANY issues with this unit over the past year.  In the final analysis, I feel this is a solid, well equipped, nicely featured product and I would have no problem getting a similar unit should the need ever arise (which it will in a couple years when all the existing features have become obsolete).