I laughed recently when I was told about an outlaw (an in-law's in-law) who read my wife the riot act because we use Apple products. It took me back to the time a number of years ago that I did the same to people who chose Macs over PCs. That was in the days before iPhones and iPads, even before iPods. At the time, it seemed that everybody except a few college students was using machines that ran on windows.  I remember bragging about how great my laptop was and what I could do with it.Fast forward to today, when we use an iMac at home, iPads for a variety of tasks and I carry an iPhone. I have gone through a succession of MacBooks, from a basic MB to a MB Pro that I loved. I had reached the place, however, that I just carried my iPad with me in a nice Zagg case with keyboard. I wasn't sure I would ever carry a laptop again.My travel got bumped up a bit this year and I found some weakness with my iPad.  I'm a touch typist who found that the loss of my bluetooth keyboard or airplanes was more than a small disruption.  I was also missing some robust software that just couldn't be matched by the company's IOS app.  Therefore, I decided to try out the 11.6-Inch MB Air.  Here is what surprised me:1. This Air is so small and light that I have no problem carrying it and my iPad with a smart cover.  The weight gain from this little computer is negligible.2.  My former MB Pro had 8 GB of memory and I was concerned that this one only had 4GB. The updated processor and the SSD drive make the new computer significantly faster.3.  The keyboard is full-size and helps me stay focused on the screen, where my work is taking place.4. The display itself, though small, is just enough workspace for the word-crunching that I do.For those who are considering a migration from windows, imagine life without the "blue screen of death."  Think about the ease of document management between your laptop and those other i-devices you probably already have.  When people ask me today why I love a particular Apple product,  I usually say, "It just works!"  Try one and see.