I bought this computer expecting something that would last me several years of regular use.  I'm not really much of a gamer, but I work in data security & I need a computer with a bit of horsepower and a stout graphics card /w CUDA.  This computer fit the bill admirably -- it easily handles everything I throw at it.  It works as perfectly today, over six months since my purchase, as it did the day I bought it.Here's how I feel about it now:The good:-The sound system is the best I've ever heard on any laptop.  By a very wide margin, too...!-I've upgraded this system to 16GB RAM and put in an SSD.  It is way faster and more responsive than any desktop I've ever owned.-It plays most games at max settings... with Photoshop, Google Chrome, and a half-dozen other programs running in the background.-The fact that you can control the fan settings & Turbo-boost is really very useful-The keyboard is pretty good.  It could feel more substantial, but I have no real complaints to make against it.  It's very easy to clean, and the backlighting looks cool.-The computer stays cool at (almost) all times.  (And when it heats up, just turn up the fan manually.)  The fan is also very quiet in 'normal' mode.The bad:-The external materials and the finish are TERRIBLE.  Like most people, I rest my hands next to the trackpad when I type.  After a couple months of use, the paint/finish where I rest my hands started coming off.  Now it's completely gone.  There are two giant white spots next to the trackpad, where the black finish just rubbed off.  These areas feel rough to the touch, and they're extremely annoying to say the least.  Truth is that I don't even have particularly sweaty hands, and I don't type THAT often... so this was really quite surprising and disappointing.-The 'shortcut' keys above the keyboard are covered with a very thin layer of shiny plastic, and they get dirty and scratch very easily.  This plastic is also surprisingly difficult to properly clean, and the buttons are a bit overly sensitive.-I have a messed-up speaker jack & a USB Port that doesn't work.  Fortunately, they're both redundant.  Again, just poor build quality at issue here.-Battery life is typically less than an hour... but I suppose that's to be expected....So, to sum it up, the parts are good and the computer is strong as hell, but the build quality and external materials leave much to be desired.  The black "brushed aluminum" finish is really just pathetic, as even moderate use will wear it down.Frankly, I wouldn't buy this computer again.  Some of the newer Razer offerings are slightly higher-priced, but are just as powerful, and their build quality is really top-notch.