I am a heavy user, I have owned/used over 20+ laptops, most of them premium. I usually buy the cutting edge, ultra-portable laptops. This was no exception. I purchased as soon as I heard about it to replace my getting-old Samsung Series 9. I use this laptop for university teaching, a little bit of research (coding, etc.). I am a somewhat demanding user and I have been touch typing for the last 20 years or so. This review is taichi 21, i7, 256gb.Pros:1. it has two screens, and once you use the 2nd screen, there is the wow effect.that's it.Cons:1. Awful keyboard. One of the keys broke 6 months after the purchase. I have NEVER had any broken key in my life. No bumps, no drops, the key just broke. The other keys are not doing very-well either (I will later explain how I know that they are not in good shape later)2. Awful warranty. ASUS claims! that the product is covered with an international warranty. This is my story: after my broken key, I immediately contacted ASUS in my home country (Turkey). After 1 hour wait time, I was told that it was user-caused and not covered within the warranty. They also said that there is no spare key (letter T), and I need to replace the whole keyboard/case. As this is a unibody laptop, it would cost me around $170. I was very upset.I contacted ASUS US. I was told that there is nothing that they can do about it, except they asked me to pay another visit or ship it overseas. The customer center repeatedly emphasized that this is user-fault. I was frustrated.Luckily I was able to find some 2nd hand keyboard online and had my key replaced at a local store. (being absolutely sure that it will void the warranty, and they would have charged me another $100 just to put it in at the ASUS center). After $90 and 2-3 hours of work,1 month of waiting/finding a spare key, and a ton of frustration I now have my key.2. Ridiculous battery life. I mean just ridiculous. No need for elaboration.3. Super-dim Screen. The brightness is terrible. I use a 29" monitor to extend the display. I need to turn the brightness on the external monitor all the way down just so it evens out with my really really low brightness display.4. Smudgy outer screen. But hey, I did know about this when I signed up.5. of course lots of pre installed junk ware.