Before in history, I remember that there were the very expensive Intel Mac notebooks, and then there were the G3s and G4s that someone could purchase, but they didn't have all the power that the newer Intel models had. Now, that has all changed, because the polycorbonate MacBooks (these) are the most popular Macs in this series, and also the most affordable. These are able to run Snow Leopard (OS X v10.6) which is still compatible with iTunes 11, Safari, Chrome, and most popular applications on the market today, even though it's from 2009. More recent 64-bit dual-core 2008 models can run Lion (and if you can figure out how to get it installed if the guides for doing so are true, Mountain Lion) which makes these earn their spot in history and makes them afforably runnable at only 30% or 40% of the price of the brand-new Macs that are coming out now.The computer is really, really simple. All the ports are on one side--including the MagSafe port these computers introduced. Simply pop the magnetic connector on or off to charge or to go (which is standard now on all the Macs). I believe these support USB 2.0, as they copy really quickly to external drives I've connected, and AirPort handles like new. The latch is totally magnetic, so it opens easily. These include sudden motion sensing, which means a drop shouldn't, in theory, kill the HDD, but I wouldn't test this with anything important on it. :) The trackpad is really smooth to the touch, and supports multi-touch, including two-finger scrolling. The keyboard definitely has the Apple quality I have come to love from previous notebooks, and is super simple to use (and clean!) Simply use a common cleaning wipe and carefully massage the keys to get the smudges off them. I really think the island style design (one of the best features used by Apple to this day) is how a notebook keyboard should be. The only problem is that the edges chip eventually, but this doesn't affect the way these run. And finally, as a complaint, the only problem with these is upgrading the memory--you have to manually pry the L-shaped shield away after removing several small screws in the battery bay on some of these, and from there, use the levers and push the new RAM into place. I honestly wish this design would have never been used, but in some of these, it's there. But, for classic fun or to run Windows without Boot Camp, use VirtualBox, Mini vMac, SheepShaver, and other fun utilities if you have time. :)In my opinion, this is my most loved Apple machine ever, outside of the Classic II and the 12" iBook G3. I hope that these work for years to come as it will always be a favorite.