... did not really review Model 2681CU1 as shown on this website.  This models comes with Pentium 4 -Mobile 1.8 Ghz, 256MB Ram, 20GB Harddrive, CD-RW/DVD-ROM drive.Like the first reviewer said, the 20GB drive should really be called 16GB drive, and in reality, because IBM reserves about 4GB to store recovery info, leaving you with about 10-11GB of hard disk space you can use, so if you really need a lot of hard disk space, beware that instead of 18.6GB, you'll only be getting about 10GB.Boot up on my machine takes about 1 minute with PC cillin Antivirus running, (booting to Win XP Home) so if you are used to 20 sec bootups, this machine will be slow to you on a bootup.  However, once all of the programs are loaded, the computer performs pretty fast.  Also, please note that the Hardrive is about 4200 RPM, so replacing the Disk for a higher RPM's will shorten the boot up time.IBM does not provide a lot of software, I believe I only had Norton AV 2003, PC Doctor and Adobe (among others).  You can type the Model number in IBM's website and get the exact detailed specs of what exactly comes (and does not come) with this laptop.What I like is that the Norton AV and all other applications do NOT load automatically.  You have to go to START--> Programs --->Norton AV 2003 and it will start installing Norton AV 2003.  My previous laptop had all of the software already preloaded, which made it a little more painful, because you ended up uninstalling a bunch of useless programs you did not need.The laptop's case is relatively sturdy and appears like it can take the ocasional bruising without major impact.Also, the BIOS on this laptops comes configured to MAX BATTERY mode, which means that if you are booting from the battery (i.e the AC adapter is not plugged in) your CPU Speed Step will keep the CPU cycles to 1.2Ghz maximum even if your power options says "Always ON".  Setting the power setting to AUTOMATIC (in BIOS) will fix this.BEFORE YOU ADJUST BIOS, call IBM tech support to make minimize your chance for errors.I was impressed with the quality of IBM tech support.  I 'd say that I got a live person within 2 minutes and the tech support was somewhere in the US, as opposed to overseas.Battery life seems to be close to 2.5-3hrs, though I have not had a chance to test it out fully.  When fully charges, the battery indicator says that 3 hours is left.Beware that this laptop does not come with a floppy drive.I think that the reason this Laptop costs $1100 is that there are Pentium M chips that are out, replacing P4M's.Oh, and last thing, I have IBM T23 at work and found that the ultrabay drives used with T23 are compatible with R40's (all except R40e) drives.  Check IBM's website for verification. ...