I used to be one of those people that hated Alienware. I always said you get a decent gaming laptop and desktop for the price you pay for one Alienware. I always bought Apple or Dell. I used to own a MacBook Pro 13", I tried literally everything I could to keep using it. The Mac was too slow, lagging everywhere, renderings would take days, and of course it couldn't play any games.I considered multiple different laptops,Asus G750, MSI GT70, MSI GE60, but I never considered the Alienware. I was about to order the Asus G750 with 3GB of graphics RAM, but then I noticed the Alienware 18 with 4GB of graphics RAM. I then noticed this model, with 6GB of graphics RAM. Right then, right there, in Starbucks I chose what I wanted. 6GB OF GRAPHICS RAM!!! That's what the Nvidia Titan hasI selected this model, because the 770M-SLI when it is supported will outperform the single 780M. The number are not dramatic, but if you watch performance closely, you will understand the logic. 770M in SLI will perform about 17% better than 780M (Single) and if it is 770M vs. 780M then I am at a disadvantage of -20% to the 780M.Bootup time is insane even without an SSD. It takes 12 seconds to boot up and login.I would like to warn everyone who is considering purchasing this laptop! This laptop is MASSIVE! I mean really massive. The screen is incredibly clear, better than my Sony HD 240Hz TV. The HDMI in is a nice feature. I was able to play my Xbox into the computer no problem. Although I wish it was a software switch, not a hardware. What I mean is I could have the Xbox playing in so I could capture it. I also would like the HDMI in and out to be separate ports, not combined.I notice no lag at all when playing Skyrim on Ultra HD with everything set to high, I even have the 6 pack HD texture mods. I also have about 40 mods running, with no lag. I also have Fraps running in the background to determine my FPS. It never dropped below 50 even with all the mods.I love this laptop very much and I will continue to update the review as needed. Feel free to ask me any questions about the laptop or my experience with the laptop.Garrett