My actual rating would be 4 1/2, but since that's not possible, I rounded it up to 10. I've had this less than 3 days, so I may revise the review later on.My previous laptop, a less than year old toshiba that's going back to the factory because of a failing hard disk, isn't much of a baseline at half the cost of the MBP. But one thing I noticed right away is how much heavier this one seems, even though the toshiba had a 15" screen. The aluminum case obviously makes the difference, not that I would change that in any way. While deciding which laptop to buy, I read over the reviews here very carefully, especially the negative ones. One issue that was brought out is that fonts in Mac OS are fuzzier compared to Windows. While I concede this is true, I installed a free app called TinkerTool, which lets you adjust font rendering & I used it to reduce the amount of anti-aliasing, so I *believe* the fonts are sharper now, although it might be my imagination. The smaller screen size is not a problem, since I can zoom in/out easily using thumb & index finger on the trackpad. Another issue I came across in reviews is that Mac OS has a zoom button instead of a full-screen button, so if you click the green zoom button, it fits the content & not the screen. Luckily, Safari does have a separate full-screen button, and since I rarely use fullscreen except when browsing, it's a non-issue for me.On the plus side, I was drawn to Macs for a long time because they can run windows. What I didn't realize until I actually decided to buy one is that if you install windows in bootcamp you have to reboot to switch between Mac OS & windows. So I invested in Parallels Desktop 6 for Mac and I was able to transfer everything in the Toshiba to the Mac. I'm only going to run a couple of windows programs, so slower performance is no concern, but being able to run windows when needed without rebooting is a great convenience.One final issue mentioned often about the 2011 Macbook Pro is heat. It did get to 85-90 Celsius while importing my Toshiba setup into parallels. I installed the smcFanControl app to monitor it & set a higher fan speed when needed, but importing into parallels is the only time I've experienced any serious heat. Right now, it's at 43 C and the fan is at 2000 rpm, the default, although there isn't much else running besides Safari.