I bought this machine after a lot of research & consideration.  Mine came with he option to "roll back" to WindowsXP Professional AND the two DVDs to roll it back were included.  I would not have bought this machine without that option.  VISTA is a terrible opporating system!  But, still I had tons of crapware loaed up from SONY on their roll back DVDs to get rid of.  I wish SONY would not load up all that software by default.  However, the machine is very complicated and I like that SONY had the critical drivers on those XP roll back DVDs.  Had a better equipped machine been available for XP I would have bought it.  There is a lot to this little machine and it is FAST, at least with XP.  But there is a lot to be desired.  For one, the default SONY settings don;t even set up the software to address and take advantage of that huge 6 MB of L2 cache.  For another, by default, the DDR3 RAM is set to run at a lower speed.  Also, I find the instructions, guidelines and recommendations for battery charging & care to be confusing.  Otherwise I would give this machine a 5-star rating.  SONY has a very slow loading website and SONY does not allow users much in the way of options when configuring a notebook.  If I didn't need this fast processor with its huge L2 cache for voice recognition, I would have bought something at half the price with more standard warranty coverage, better support and a lot less crapware.  SONY needs to listen to its customers and give us what we want rather than dictate to us, especially when they want so much money for on of these!UPDATE & WARNING April 18, 2009:While this machine is advertised as having DDR3 RAM that operates at 1066 MHz, the truth is it ONLY operates at a paltry 800 MHz under WindowsXP Professional.  While SONY claims to be working on a fix, be advised SONY has not produced a fix for their SONY VAIO Control Center which appears to be malfunctioning since February when I first contacted SONY for tech support.Moreover, SONY blamed this on Microsoft Window's XP operating system!  Heck, shouldn't SONY test & know these things in advance since they design & build them?[...]