Apple MacBook Pro MC725LL/A 17-Inch LaptopI waited for Quad core(SandyBridge) based MacbookPro for more than an year. My primary use was for Photo & Video editing and for that, yes dual core system from 2010 would have done the job. But I wanted a powerful machine which could handle future load also so that it lasts longer.This system is really very powerful. So far it handles all the types of load I could throw at it. If you want to use this system for Video / Photo editing, the first thing I would suggest is to upgrade to a decent SSD(along with 8gb RAM upgrade if you can afford). That really changes things under the hood and its very much visible to you also. Startup, shutdown & Application launch times are significantly improved.Just to test the drive difference, I imported AVCHD video files & photos combined worth of ~30gb in size from my external hard disk (connected via USB 2.0) into iMovie and iPhoto simultaneously with Chrome playing an YouTube video in the background. I also opened other applications like iTunes,Safari etc to see how far the system can handle the whole load. This test I repeated with both the original 5400rpm hard disk & with my new SSD.Result? You could really choke the system with the above load, if you have only 5400rpm hard drive installed. Often times when I move the mouse, the mouse pointer actually moved with a noticeable delay. With the SSD installed,I could see the difference through the speed with which the whole thing finished. Not only that, the processor was free to handle few more tasks as well.One thing that I have to mention here is the noise & heat. With the powerful processor & a Graphics card that comes bundled in this system, under heavy load, the heat could really reach a level where you cant keep the system in your lap any longer. I could not keep it in my laptop, under certain load. To control the heat, the fans are kicking in quite frequently resulting in higher noise. If you are into recording your own voice to mix them with videos, don't sit near the macbook else you can be sure to expect to hear the fan noise as well :) I think some of this can be fine-tuned with software(MacOS X Lion may be??). Till that happens, we cant have everything with this system :(Overall I am happy with my purchase.