Unsuspecting buyers of computers beware, and do your research before purchasing a computer. This company DID NOT use the word VINTAGE to list the lap top that they advertised FOR SALE, on AMAZON. Thus, when I received it in mid October of 2013, it appeared to be a good thing. However, by late December, the pin hole that lights up on the power cord that plugs into the laptop, to indicate that the power cord is charging the battery in the PC, began intermittently not lighting up. I thought that the power cord needed replacing, because the light on the cord, at the power source on the laptop stopped lighting up at all. I found out via the net that a place in CA, had a cord to sell me ha ha. The place shipped the cord, and I received it in a weeks time. The problem seemed remedied, for about a month, but then I had the same problem, only this time the battery went dead. So, I purchased a battery from Amazon.com where I purchase just about everything I own. This remedied the problem for a short time until the power cord again stopped lighting up. I took the imac lap top to the Apple Store. A technician there told me that the power source was most likely burned out, and that on this model laptop that I had bought the power sources on them burned out on average about every  two years. GREAT! I told the Apple tech that before the machine had lost power, there was another problem w/it. The disk drive was grinding with a music CD in it that I had put into the drive to listen to music on. The tech told me that meant I needed an entire new hard drive! And guess what????? When I asked about getting parts from Apple, they told me that they no longer sell parts for that particular VINTAGE model laptop PC. I tried to contact other places that sell PC parts, but they all said that they do not sell parts for my vintage apple laptop. So why did I not just go directly back to the Seller and talk to them. BECAUSE as soon as they took my money on my AMAZON charge card, they cut all lines of communication. And, when I looked their number up online, I was told that they do not sell computers on AMAZON.com  Well, maybe not, because even the Customer Service Representatives, at Amazon were unable to reach the seller. Regrettably, I neglected to do my homework. Amazon and it's seller's can not always be depended upon to make things that are WRONG right for customers. Therefore: BUYERS BEWARE