I've been using this laptop for a little over a month, and overall, I really like it. It's not the fastest, most powerful thing out there, nor does it have all the bells and whistles, but as a good, basic touchscreen laptop, this gets the job done at a reasonable price.Pros:Screen: If you're wondering why you even need a touchscreen, then I'd guess you've never had the joy (insert sarcasm here) of experiencing Windows 8. Windows 8 was designed with tablets and touchscreens in mind, and thus is a nightmare to maneuver through with just a track pad or a mouse. If you're running Windows 8, you want a touchscreen. This is a very good touchscreen, nice and responsive, with great resolution and good colors to boot.Touchpad: The touchpad on this laptop is fantastic! It's very responsive when you touch it, but not so sensitive that it engages when you're only trying to type. You can right click and left click just like with a mouse, and you can use two fingers to zoom in or out. This is definitely one of my favorite things about this laptop.Keyboard: I spend a lot of time typing, so the quality of the keyboard is of huge importance to me. This keyboard has a great feel to it, and despite the compact nature of the laptop itself, doesn't feel too cramped or small. I love that it's backlit, and I was super happy to find that it has dedicated Pg Up and Pg Down buttons... my other laptops don't and it's such a huge pain.Price: At just a little over $400, this is definitely one of the lower-priced touchscreen laptops out there. Yet it has a very high-quality feel and sturdy construction... nothing about it is "cheap" except the price.Cons:Speed: This laptop was unbearably slow when I first got it. Now that we've removed a lot of the sample software and other pre-installed junk, it's better, but still definitely a bit sluggish. Opening anything takes a few seconds longer than I'm used to, and starting up from a total shut-down takes FOREVER. Everything seems to run well enough once opened, so it's not a huge problem, but if you're an impatient person like I am, you may find this a bit annoying.Battery: The battery life of this laptop is just so-so. It gets me about 2.5 hours and that's it.  Amazon's product description states that you can add on an external second battery, but Acer doesn't currently sell them in the US. I run on wall power most of the time so I don't really mind, but if you need extended battery performance, this may not be the laptop for you.CD/DVD Drive: It has none. I know many people don't have a need for them nowadays, but I miss it.Bottom line? This is a good laptop for the cost. If you're looking for a lower-priced, entry-level laptop, I recommend.