I researched for days before deciding on this laptop.Battery life: 10/10+/-3 hours in High Performance Mode (GeForce G210M graphics)6+ hours in Entertainment Mode (intergrated Intel Graphics)8+ hours in Battery Saving Mode (intergrated Intel Graphics)And the laptop is smart enough to stop charging as soon as it gets to 100% charge. This way it wont overcharge and damage the battery.Graphics: 10/10Prior to testing Portal, I toggled to the GeForce 210 graphics card. Portal plays very well at 720p at maximum settings with AA off. Very impressive for a laptop that is 3.94lbs (yes i weighed it). 98% of the time I'm not playing games, so it nice to be able to save battery until you want to play games.Build: 10/10I bought this because I'm a college student. I needed something powerful and light. The discrete graphics card is perfect for games. It's made with alimunum and feels very sturdy.Features: 9/10Think of the 9/10 as a good thing. So first off the hardware: it's got a webcam, microphone, VGA out, and HDMI out. It doesn't have a DVD-ROM, but that was a tradeoff.If you want the DVD-ROM built-in, buy the UL80-A1, but be warned, the UL80-A1 is heavier, more cheaply built and cost about the same. I just bought an external DVD-ROM.The sound card has the ability to record in Stereo Mix, this was a HUGE plus for me. Stereo Mix record allows you to record streaming audio at any point.The BOIS does mild overclocking and OS virtualization (like running XP inside Windows 7). And you can set it to enable USB bootability.The ONLY reason I gave "Features" a 9/10 was because the wifi card isn't recognized in Backtrack 3, which is like Linux for network hackers. But... 99.5% of people probably won't be using for Backtrack 3. BTW it still works for BT3, but I just had to buy a separate network card.Bottom line, it's sturdy, light-weight, very long battery life, and option for high gaming performance.It can record Stereo Mix, has good BIOS options, and all the peripheral connections necessary.I installed an 80GB Intel X-25 SSD. It was an extra $200, but it now boots into Windows in 30 seconds (instead of 1 min. 45 sec.) and is very quick and responsive. Now I have a spare 500GB hard drive.So cruise for hot spots, surf the internet anywhere, do your homework anywhere, and play games anywhere. The battery will last you all day!10/10 !