I purchased my chromebook in early September, with the intention of using it for school. It still works the same as 6 months ago, but there were issues even then.Pros-Turns on/updates quickly-Programs open fast-Simple UI-Relatively cheap-Free 3G (sort of)Cons-Takes forever to load webpages. I have a desktop PC as well, and even when on the exact same connection my chromebook can take 5-10 seconds longer to load webpages. This causes a huge loss in working speed because it can take minutes for Google Drive to open and for me to actually reach the folder where my documents are contained.-Input is not processed most of the time. I believe this has to do with the fact that webpages are still loading, but even multiple minutes after the page loads my inputs might not register on the page simply because the chromebook's processor is too tied up.-Very low power. I understand that this is a very cheap laptop made to be affordable and fast on the internet, but I mainly play flash games, watch YouTube, go on Google Drive, or browse webpages. I've already stated how loading webpages and horrible response time makes it hard to do any of these, but the horrible processing power makes it worse. Want to watch a YouTube video at 30 frames per second? Nope, here's a video in 360p at 18 frames per second. Want to play a flash game at all? Nope, here's a flash game running at 30 frames per second, then freezes for ten seconds every couple seconds.-The free 3G is definitely not enough. Just navigating to this review page on amazon would likely cause me to go near my cap of 100 MB per month, that is if I'm not paying verizon a hefty sum for a plan I usually don't use. The only times I do use my 3G are the times which I need more than just 100MB. I usually just turn on my Smartphone's hotspot with an app called FoxFi in order to use more WiFi (4 GB plan on there)-The back panel where the charger, UCB ports and HDMI are located is not very sturdy. It began to fall off quickly once I got it, making it hard to insert USB.Summary-This is not a costly system by any means when compared to other laptops, and is fast on most things but the main selling point: internet speed. Slow loading times, input lag and slow processor speed make using this laptop a pain. The free 3G is nice but 100MB for free a month is not nearly enough. If I'm in the market for a new laptop, a chromebook would not be close to my first choice.