I've been using this laptop for over two years.  So far it's been bulletproof.  It was very fast when I first got it.  It's slowing down a bit now, which means it's time for me to back up all my data and reinstall the OS.  All the junk I've installed on it over the years has slowed it down quite a bit.In my office I have two large Dell monitors.  This laptop powers the two displays just fine.  I can even add a third if I felt like leaving the lid open on the laptop, but I don't have enough room on my desk and I prefer to close the lid when it's docked.The keyboard is very comfortable and responsive.  The track pad is decent or I can use the little red button thingy as a pointer if I don't like track pads (I never really use that thing though).I use the built in camera and mic at least once a day for video calls.  I've never had a problem with either one of them.The 14" display is OK, but not great.  The quality of the image is fine and the screen stays pretty clean, but I prefer a larger display.  I work remotely quite a bit though and I get used to the small display pretty quickly.I've traveled a zillion miles with this thing and it has put up with a ton of abuse.  I try to take good care of it, but it's inevitable that it gets bumped and dinged quite a big going through security, etc.  I also take public transportation to work (a train and a bus).  Public transportation is a full contact sport.  My bag gets knocked all over the place.  This laptop has held up just fine though.I work this little machine pretty hard.  I document technical services for a living, so it's pretty common for me to have complicated applications running (the apps that I'm documenting) as well as the tools that I use to document them with (Photoshop, Visio, Dreamweaver, Word, etc.).  I usually have at least three of these tools running at the same time without too much of a performance hit.At the end of this year when it's time for IT to issue me another machine, I'll be happy if it's the latest & greatest version of this same line.  I have no complaints with this one.