I actually won this laptop in raffle, but for what the price is on Amazon, it's well worth it.  You can't expect a power house of a computer under $500 even from Acer.The graphics card is the ATI Radeon HD 3200, and it's an onboard shared memory card.  Usually those cards are "pieces of crap" but I was surprised with what I could do with it.  But don't think you will be maxing out many games.The processor is AMD Athlon 64 Processor TF-20 which is a lowly single core 1.66 ghz processor.  Yes, that's very little but again I was surprised with what it can do.Games I've played and have ran smoothly have been-Guild Wars (Maxed out)-League of Legends (Minimum Settings)-Forsaken World (Medium)-Starcraft 2 (Minimum settings)  Note here:  Single Player ran like a breeze, no lag at all.  Multiplayer was differnt, it lagged some.  I had to overclock the processor in order for it to play smoothly (and this isn't a processor that is meant to be overclocked so I don't recommend doing it).-Dragon Age (Minimum Settings) This surprisingly ran pretty smoothly, some lag when in battles.-Fallout 3 (Semi Minimum Settings)  I only had terrain on medium here and it ran somewhat smoothly, it probably would have ran better if it was on low.I also ran other programs such as Auto-CAD and Pro/E perfectly fine on this machine.As for streaming videos this computer is finicky about it.  Sometimes I can watch Starcraft 2 games in 720p on Youtube smoothly and sometimes I can't.  The wireless works perfectly fine, no complaints here, except at my college where the wireless is horrendous.TL;DR:  This is a good computer for anyone if they don't expect to do anything too strenuous on it, just simple everyday task such as going on facebook or playing simple flash games.  Like I said before I was surprised with what I could do with this computer.  The website says 160gb HDD but it's really about 140 (but that's pretty much the same with all HDD's).  If I'm browsing the web not watching videos with the brightness down I get about 1 hour 30 minutes of battery time.  But that's also because I just keep my computer plugged in (about 40-50 minutes of life if playing a simple game such as Dungeon Fighter Online).  It can multi task to an extent but this Laptop is severely limited by it's processor.I don't know why the price is $450 now, I remember looking at this before and it was $400.Also, I kinda wish this laptop was able to output HDMI, as it doesn't have the HDMI port.