Bought the series 9 about 4 months ago and have had nothing but problems since and have not been impressed with Samsung's customer service. The computer works well when it is actually fully operational, but sadly the computer has only worked for a about 2 weeks before breaking again.First issue was related to the power adapter. The male/female part of the power adapter came loose, and the computer eventually just went dead. We called Samsung and they wanted us to send the computer in for a diagnostic and repair. I am a grad student, and the computer is essentially my lifeline so I was apprehensive about sending it in. Samsung customer service told me it would take no longer then 2 weeks but it ended up almost taking 3 because the techs wanted to wait for parts to arrive instead of sending a new computer.When the computer finally arrived it worked well for about 2 weeks, and then the battery went dead. The computer would work when it was plugged into an outlet, but the moment it was unplugged it would die. This computer is supposed to have great battery life, so needless to say a dead battery is a big pain. This was especially frustrating since we HAD JUST GOT THE COMPUTER BACK FROM SAMSUNG SUPPORT! Maybe this computer is just a lemon, but shame on the tech guys for not sending us a brand new computer. Needless to say, I was pretty frustrated after this happened and decided to call Samsung to reach some kind of resolution. I could not afford to waste another 2-3 weeks waiting for the techs to fix this computer. I expressed this point as best I could to Samsung support. I wanted Samsung to just send a new computer in the mail, and once it arrived I would send in the broken computer, but apparently this is too much to ask from Samsung. I was even told that "they don't have extra computers sitting around", which is ludicrous considering that Samsung is a computer company. Regardless, Samsung customer support wouldn't budge, and now I am stuck with an overpriced, lemon ultrabook that can't hold a charge. I will not be buying from Samsung again.