Although my review is for HP dv9500 which is just slightly different these models have the exact same problem.First my battery completely died after just 9 months but not to worry the warranty covered it. However the new battery is about to go, barely a year old, as well and I use the laptop almost exclusively as a desktop :S Then just May this year HP added this laptop to the battery recall program. Link to the HP battery recall form: [...] Apparently the batteries were deemed unsafe by the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission.Second, a while back there was a huge recall on HP and Dell laptops that used this nVidia chipset. Apparently nVidia used some sort of crappy material in their 86x series GPUs which made them burn out due to high temperatures. You can read all about it here: [...] During that time this laptop (dv9500) was not under the recall and after just 2 months over the 1year standard warranty that my laptop came with my video chip died. HP offered various ridiculous solutions for users on their message boards such as under-clocking the GPU and getting better ventilation for your laptop. I called several times to get this repaired for free but since my warranty was out I initially got refused the free repair. HP denied that the chip was affected which was clearly not true. After demanding to speak to the CEO of HP I finally got through to a case manager of some sorts who got me an extended warranty ($[...] around) which would be cover the repair as if it was under the warranty in the first place (which is another story - I tried to get an extended warranty while going overseas and was refused because apparently they don't cover repair overseas but only give phone support - which later turned out to be not true since I got covered although I had to pay the shipping). Unfortunately I live overseas and had to pay around $[...] extra to get it shipped there and back, but that is way less than what would cost for a new motherboard and installation. Of course I got the exact same brand of GPU chip back so there is no telling when it will die again.