Pardon my intrusion into wrong section. The following is for lenovo U450p, which is very similar to UL80vt-a1. I'd like to ask about weird internet connection problem and get any advice from the section of very popular product. The stars I posted was just from short experience with displayed 15.4" unit at bestbuy. The following review is posted at ideapad U450p section and hopefully give any help for shoppers to make their decisions.I am a Mac user and wanted to try a PC when window 7 launched. I searched and narrowed down to thin and long battery life 14" laptops, such as asus UL80vt-a1, acer timeline AS4810tz-4508, and this ideapad U450p. I had chance to look 15.4" bestbuy version of asus thin laptop. But hated the touchpad's one click bar, which was too tough to register. I didn't have a chance to try similar versions of acer or lenovo. Just based on the available pictures, I concluded that the acer looks too cheap. Therefore, I went with thinkpad reputation hoping I can avoid notorious lenovo customer service and ordered U450p thru Amazon. I really liked the case which definitely is a fingerprint proof material, and its texture and design. I didn't feel any flex by finger pressing on the palm rest board though the keyboard itself looks poorly arranged (might be just look). Even though I liked and admired Mac's individually enclosed keys, the poorly arranged (just look) keys in U450p were very smooth and pleased me quite a lot when I typed. Even I am not a touchpad user, U450p's touchpad and left and right click were amazingly easy to use. Its screen brightness was also superb and resolution was very crispy compared to my 13" macbook. I was very happy with my purchase. But one big problem came out. When I tried wireless internet connection at home, the connection killed all the other wireless and main wired connection completely. As soon as I put the U450p sleep, all the connection came back. I tried manual and self repair tools but with no success (tried restart too). The U450p is sitting in the box to return until anybody can give me an technical advice to solve the problem before 30 day grace period ends. I guess the integrated Wi-Fi is not installed properly or something else is installed instead. I am not a computer geek at all. I will really appreciate it if anybody can give me an easy explanation for this kind of problem, or this specific unit is destined to go back to factory. If this is the case, I may order the same unit  directly from lenovo, which model # is 33892GU. The one I bought is 33892EU.Do you know any other difference between these two models except graphic card? no bluetooth? I gave this computer 5 stars based on my 30 min experience without counting its reliability.