You will find iDVD missing from the installed iLife package.If you want iDVD (and most eventually will) you will have to purchase it separately by buying iLife 11 on disk.  (Available from Amazon.)Included with this computer is iMovie 11, but NO WAY to make a DVD of your movie.As compared to my previous MacBook, the changes are as follows:1)  The battery is no longer user replaceable. This means the computer has to be taken to the shop for repair.  This also means you probably will want remove all of your data from the hard drive for security reasons prior to servicing.  My previous MacBook allowed replacement of the internal battery in 10 seconds, with no tools.2)  OS 10.8 is definitely "dumbed down" as compared with 10.6.  10.8 now has "Windows like" hidden files (this can be disabled).3)  "Bounce" has been removed from the Apple Mail program.  "Bounce" is a great tool to let people know you don't want any further e-mails from them.  ( Third parties have a fix for this defect also.)4)  No installation disk (DVD) is included. This means that should you need to repair or rebuild your computer you are absolutely dependent on the existence and availability of Apple's servers.  You cannot repair your machine without Internet access.  Many experts advise creating your own installation disk (DVD) to make up for this mistake. I intend to do this.5)  No more "Save As".  This has been replaced with a more complicated "duplicate" feature. Less intuitive and a higher workload.6)  The default security settings intimidate you into thinking that downloading software from anywhere other than the Apple Store is less secure. This setting can be changed to take the computer out of "nanny mode".  I suspect in the future, Macs will become like iPhones so that only software from the Apple Store can be installed.6)  I like the lighted keyboard and the built-in DVD drive. I would never purchase a computer without an optical drive.This computer is still superior to anything running Windows.  However, it is definitely a downgrade from previous MacBook models.