This is a fantastic little laptop. I have no regrets about purchasing it, and I will likely stick with MacBook Air as long as they keep making them!I use my computer as a casual user I guess - web surfing, Office/iWorks type stuff, photos, etc. I sometimes stream Netflix but not often. The Air is PERFECT for my use.- It is SO LIGHT. So light. I just can't believe how portable this computer is. I use a MacBook Pro for work, and the Pro feels like a huge brick compared to the Air. I do a lot of casual web surfing and work alike on the couch with the laptop on my lap, and the Air is just perfect for that. It's light, it's compact, and it doesn't get hot.- The battery, oh the battery! This machine has amazing battery life. I charge it every few days. Right now I am just doing web surfing and I have 83% left...which it says is 10 hours and 49 minutes. My brightness is at a little less than half, which is how I usually keep it, because I don't like high brightness and that really kills the battery life. Although even with the highest brightness, This Air would last several hours on one charge.- It turns on and off in a a second or two. When I press the power button the computer is on SO quickly, it's unreal. Gone are the days of waiting for various programs to boot up. The Air gives instant gratification.- It's silent. Truly. No matter how many hours I'm on it, I've never heard any noise out of this thing.I have the 128GB solid state drive. I was worried at first that this wouldn't be big enough, but didn't want to pay the rather large price difference for 256GB. Honestly, I've discovered 128 is just fine. I can't store every single thing I own on here, but we have an external hard drive for that. It's changed the way I use my laptop, but that is fine with me. But then, I am not a person who has some enormous music library or owns an expensive DSLR camera and spends lots of time working with huge, high res images. I am, as I said, a casual user. 4GB of RAM is also just fine for me.I wish I had owned this computer in college - it would have been so perfect for those days where my laptop had to travel around with me everywhere!Anyway, I completely love this computer, and I would recommend it to anyone who uses computers like I do. I realize that others may have needs that require more power. For the casual user like myself, it really doesn't get better than the MacBook Air.