I got the computer & thought it was working well, with the only caveat being the touchpad was REALLY sensitive.  It would move around when I was typing & randomly select links or jump to other open windows.  I also use an external wireless mouse because the touchpad controls became annoying.  I went to the touchpad controls & adjusted it to the lowest sensitivity & turned off drag lock.  It helped a little.  I also noticed that tapping the touchpad to click wasn't very responsive.I was using the touchpad & no external mouse yesterday & then the buttons (right & left) stopped working.  I could still move the pointer around the screen, but could not click on anything.  I reconnected my wireless mouse via USB & for some reason, the wireless mouse's drivers needed to be reinstalled. Once the wireless mouse was reinstalled, I then had problems using that one.  I could move that pointer around, but it would also not click on anything.  I rebooted the computer.  I then had a problem with the keyboard.  The wireless mouse worked, but when I tried to type my password to unlock my computer & the keyboard was unresponsive.  The touchpad buttons still didn't work.  I rebooted again & had the same problem.  I then went to the onscreen keyboard drop down menu & reselected US (international).  The keyboard started working again, so I relogged into the computer & went back to the touchpad controls to switch right/left button functionality (buttons still didn't work after that) & switched them back (still didn't work), turned off/on the touchpad (didn't resolve problem), went to tapping to check the setting-both tapping & drag lock were checked (not sure why drag lock was re-enabled)-turned drag lock off again & tested tapping, which still didn't work.  I turned the touchpad off/on with the fn f3 keys & that still didn't work.  I also noticed the wireless mouse worked on most of the screen, but for some reason wouldn't work on a few spots (clicking or dragging) on the right side of the screen. I rebooted again & the keyboard & wireless mouse appeared to be working fine.  I then went online & looked up help & saw a TON of people with Dell's have touchpad issues.  I checked for updates for it's drivers & it said they were up-to-date & the windows diagnostic said the device was working properly (which it is not).  The only thing I changed on the computer that day was to turn the hot key in the upper right hand corner to be "turn off display".This morning I see that Amazon isn't even selling this model anymore & the product is under review because customers have said something is wrong with it.  Very disappointed because I've owned many Dells that I've had for each for years.