I usually only feel inclined to write something when really motivated to (either good or bad). But, I am going to be objective with this review because I definitely am not in the Mac "Cult" as I always called it before I bought one.First - the feel, aesthetics and look on this machine is what first catches your eyes. It is clearly well built, feels sturdy and akin to the one reviewer comparing it to a German car...It's just got that feeling of being well put together.There are some things that take some getting used to as compared to a PC. The keyboard short cuts are a little strange, the only thing I can imagine is that this is to avoid accidental key commands??? Getting around the operating system is different but becoming a bit more natural now after 2 weeks. The machine does boot up pretty quickly and I haven't had any problems with the programs as of yet. Though, I haven't really started adding to the machine (in transition). The machine does what it should (and, as it should given the price tag).I was concerned about repurchasing software that I have had on Windows, but the boot camp utility is terrific. It easily allows for the partition and running of another Windows OS (I am using Windows 7 professional).  I have installed my software on to that, to avoid rebuying the expensive stuff. It was a breeze and Apple's guide is simple to do that, anyone could do it!The specifications are rather good and solid. More than enough for the average computer user. I've got Adobe programs which run fine!  Though I don't know the video editing/gaming - but imagine it'll be good too.The battery is unbelievable. You can probably get the 9-10 the advertise in a low power, low application running state, but even when you are on it, the thing lasts! You get spoiled really easily.Everything so far has led me to believe that this will last and be consistent through my use of the machine.To the people who loathe windows now, there is some things that come with the territory of buying big manufactured PCs (Apple isn't huge in terms of the amount of people who own them)...slower speeds with use is common - you have to take care of certain things. Windows 7 is a lot better than Vista. But I suppose that's another review...Anyways... I would suggest this to anyone curious of making the jump that truly use computers often. If you're a casual user who just goes on the book or space, email and word processing - save your money! But if you are looking to run heavy applications or have a solid machine and can poney up the money, I would say go for it. I'm hoping that all the positive, almost obsessive support for a Mac is warranted and that in the future, I won't have questioned the purchase (as I said, its my first Mac) !