I bought this laptop for the 17inch screen. I am a photography student so therefore, I need a big screen to edit pictures on that is portable. I bought this laptop from Wal-Mart for around $800 after tax. I also bought a 2 year warranty along with it. This laptop was great for the first few months that I had it. Had no problems with it and than while I was at school, it crashed on me and I had to reset it to it's original settings. I lost pictures that I couldn't replace, assignments for school, notes, my photo editing software, everything. So I had to restore it, I put my photo editing program back on it. Another month passes and it tries to crash again. Luckly, my Brother got it back up and running without it deleting everything. Now, just a few days ago, I got a windows pop up that said I needed to replace or send it into the factory for repairs to the Hard Disk. Also, the card reader went out on it recently too. I have to use a USB driven card reader to upload my pictures to the computer now. I've not even had it a year and it's already falling apart on me. So a summary of all that's went wrong.-It's crashed on my once and I lost everything.-Crashed on me a second time, but I didn't lose everything, but I have to boot it up in safe mode all the time now.-Now the hard disk is screwed up and it's telling me I need to replace it or send it in for repairs.-Card reader went out on it recently.I've never had a computer that's the much of a piece of junk. Also, other things that I do not like about it. This thing attracts finger prints VERY easy. The plastic up around the speakers seems to be hollow and very thin sounding when you tap it. Very cheap construction. The keyboard is cheap and moves when you push it down in certain spots. Just a very cheap made computer. If I was able to take my purchase back, I would and would have spent the $800 on a better brand. I didn't think I would be laptop shopping less than a year after I just got a laptop. But as I say again, DO NOT BUY THIS LAPTOP!