I am incredibly disatisfied with Lenovo AND the Thinkpad brand.The computer is absolutely beautiful, you will like it. it is small, thin and light... but if you expect good customer service, this is not the brand to go.Since you're purchasing online, if there is anything wrong with your computer, you will have to deal with the problem over the phone and THEY WILL JERK YOU AROUND. They will make you wait, transfer you, make you wait some more, transfer you again and in the end may not even solve the problem.My actual story? Bought a brand new Thinkpad and a month later motherboard dies! Lenovo refuses to replace the machine (or failing part) under warranty. I'd like to point out that I use my computer at a laboratory at my school so I didn't have any accidents with the computer nor was it directly exposed to the elements. In short, Lenovo sold me a $1000 defective unit, failed to own up to the problem and wasted my time and money... not cool.- Lenovo refused to repair the computer under warranty attempting to charge me $750 for the repair. I'm a poor college student who had already WASTED over a grand on a computer -- I can't afford that!- I called IBM 4 U and explained my problem. They sent me another box so I could send back my nonworking machine.- The EZ serv people once again could not fix the computer without me paying. This time they needed to replace the speakers as well... uhh, there was nothing wrong with the speakers.- Sent me the computer back without fixing it.- I have to add as well that Lenovo has absolutely no interest in following up on you experience. And, because it's such a pain to have to ship and receive the computer multiple times, it becomes an exhausting problem.Conclusion - Defects in computers are unavoidable and you might be the unlucky person to waste money and time in such an unfortunate way. However, you may avoid this problem by buying your machine from a physical store so you are not jerked around and left feeling powerless. TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE WITH THINkPAD - But I learned my lesson... never again Lenovo.