I guess I was pretty impressed with this product the first time I saw it. I am a principal at a elementary school, and I purchased this to see what it was like, with a mind towards using it with a 1-to-1 initiative next year. My 8th grade son is very computer-literate, so I gave it to him to try out and report about. On the positive side, it seemed to work well while it worked, and he was able to produce pretty good materials with it. He enjoyed using it.However, several months after he received it, it failed. Specifically, overnight it developed a crack from one corner to another, under the glass, that rendered the device worthless. I looked for signs that it was dropped, abused, or something else, even though I didn't see it at home. There were none. To top it off, he had been storing it in the box it came in, for safety, and overnight, it was rendered worthless.No problem, I thought, I will just return it to Amazon. But they will not accept it, due to the several months having passed. OK, I thought, Samsung will do something. Not so. Any damage to the pixels under the screen is not under warranty, and will cost more than the device to repair. So I am out of luck here.When I google "Samsung Chromebook cracked screen" I get a whole bevy of hits, mostly inexplicable. When I spoke to an IT person who did computer repair, he just shrugged, but said he had seen/heard of the same problem.So, what did I resolve from this experience?1) Discourage everyone I know from purchasing a Samsung Chromebook due to structural unsoundness, unless it comes with an iron-clad replacement warranty. Even then, the time and effort to get a response from Samsung has pretty much soured me from purchasing anything they make ever again.2) Encourage people not to order this type of equipment from Amazon, since they state in their policy that your only recourse is talking to the manufacturer, and that failed in this case. Newegg or CDW, here I come!3) Keep my eyes open for the inevitable class-action lawsuit against Samsung, where I will end up getting a $13 gift certificate towards a future purchase of their materials, if I am lucky. :)4) Encourage anyone who is skeptical of my claims to look it up on Google before they purchase this product.5) Write my first review of anything on Amazon to inform those who might want to purchase it, to encourage just such a process.In a sense, the experiment worked. I have certainly gotten feedback on our expected purchase of Samsung Chromebooks for our school. So I am not ungrateful. Just a teeny bit ticked to see my son look so excited, and then so deflated, about a product, and for him to learn that, at least in this case, Samsung and Amazon don't seem to care about the quality of the product they sell.