With its sturdy lid, excellent keyboard, and hefty hinges, the W520 feels solid and powerful, but in practice, I've been disappointed to find it's a delicate device that seems unusually prone to hardware failures.I use mine for regular computing and video editing. Its NVidia card makes it perfect for working with Adobe CS5, and its built-in screen is superb. It mostly sits on a desk, attached to a second monitor, keyboard, hard drive, and mouse. A few weeks after buying it, I turned off the computer, unplugged the plugs, and moved it from one room to another. When I turned it on again, the screen was dead. No sign of damage - just black. The screen had to be replaced under warranty.A few weeks later, and the same thing happened again. I take the computer to a meeting, take it out of its (heavily padded) bag, and no screen. That time, the motherboard had to be replaced. After that, I was afraid to move it, and kept the computer on my desk.I started to feel a little foolish, treating this sturdy laptop like a desktop machine. After all, the problem had been fixed. I took a chance and brought the computer to a meeting in a big padded backpack. No problems. It left the house on two more occasions, and worked like a champ. Then, buoyed up by the prospect of a laptop that could be moved from one place to another without self-destructing, I carefully moved the laptop from my desk to a table in another room. Turned it on and both the screen and keyboard are dead.I'll have to send it off for repair again. After that, with my warranty period coming to an end in a few months, I guess my rule will have to be that I don't EVER move it off the desk.To their credit, Lenovo has a good number of service outlets - mostly independent shops with varying levels of service - but each return means at least a week with no computer.I have no idea what's causing these problems. Maybe there's some lemon component that the repair people haven't identified. Maybe it has an unusual susceptibility to static. Or maybe I'm just unlucky. One thing is for sure - despite its power and physical heft, this expensive machine is not as tough as it looks. In fact, it is the most delicate computer I've ever owned.