Now that Macs can run Windows, I am glad I can buy Macs and get the best of both worlds.  I purchased my Macbook Air for school.  I am a Sophomore at college and I have used a Macbook Pro, an HP Laptop, and most recently an iPad.  The first two were bulky and added a lot of weight to my backpack.  I ended up leaving the laptops at home and using campus computers instead, negating the purpose of even having a laptop.Next, I tried an iPad.  While it was super easy to carry around and beautiful to use, it wasn't as functional as I'd have liked due to the restrictive software (iOS) and lack of ability to help me with programming in my computer science degree plan.I took a chance and bought the Macbook Air and was instantly relieved of these problems.  It is incredibly light, thus enabling me to carry it around in my backpack and hardly know it is there at all.  You can hold it between your thumb and finger with no problem, it is so light.  It is VERY quiet.  I rarely hear the fan come on.  The screen has a great resolution, and the newer features brought from the Macbook Pro (back-lit keyboard, for example) are a great addition.  I have a Corsair Voyager GT USB 3.0 flash drive and transferring files is insanely quick thanks to the two USB 3.0 ports.  Having one on each side helps a lot.  I have been getting comments about how nice the laptop is.  Please note, I don't use this for gaming so I can't say how powerful it really is.I have not encountered any Wifi issues as some have said.  I did have a little bit of a problem getting Bootcamp to install Windows 7 because it didn't like my USB drive for that.  I had to borrow someone else's drive but it worked a charm then.  I enjoy flipping to Windows to do my programming at school, then switching back to OSX to browse the web and watch movies.  This is the best laptop I have ever bought.-----------------------------------UPDATE: 3/31/2013The Air is still running great. I wanted to add that I have played Portal 2 and a couple of other older games on the laptop and they actually run very well. The only thing is, the fans come on and it can be a little loud once the graphics start churning out.