I dislike it when people write a review about something they have only owned for 24 hours. Yet, here I go as the opportunity to be first can't be resisted.First, I happen to think a 14" notebook is the perfect size for my purposes. I will resist the urge (mostly) to comment on Windows 8 since this is my first time with that OS. Suffice it to say the learning curve was steeper than previous Windows versions, but not terribly bad. The world has gone nuts over apps, it appears.First impression: Cheap! I am a huge Samsung fan, and I was expecting something....different. When closed, this laptop has a classy look and feel to it. Opened, it looks and feels....cheap. It is light enough to pick up with one hand, and if I lift it by the corner the keyboard actually flexes.The screen portion will flex too. The keyboard half looks and feels cheap. It appears the entire unit is plastic. Maybe that is the new trend; I am coming from a Sony Vaio which was metal and very rigid.However, I'm not a plastic hater and once I got past the initial shock I really love the laptop. Not surprisingly, the display is amazingly sharp and clear. I like the keyboard layout and feels very similar to my Vaio.I'm not an aficionado of touch pads, I would rather use a wireless mouse, even if I have to set it on one knee while balancing the computer on the other. However, I did give it a thorough test drive and I was very impressed. I'm sure those who primarily use touchpads will be very happy. Processing is very fast, but then aren't they all when new? We'll see in six months, and I will report back. Battery life is spec'd at 4.8 hours and on my first try that turned out to be realistic. Much better than my Sony Vaio.In summary, I have been using computers now for 30 years. My first was an IBM Jr. that only ran on DOS and didn't even have a hard drive, but a 5kb memory. We have gone from that to this, and I have enjoyed every improvement step along the way. :) I have high hopes that I will be enjoying this Samsung notebook for a long time.