Oh my goodness is there a more infuriating laptop in the World?! Where do I start, well for starters I'm attempting to write this review on the damn thing and I'm having to backspace and delete because clearly my nimblest of nimble fingers are STILL too fat and clumsy to be able to type a full sentence without making a mistake! The keys are spaced so disfunctionally close together if you're thinking of using it for word prosessing or typing of any sort you're going to need the time and patience of a saint.The mouse has a mind of its own,click on one thing it will bring up another, click once it will click twice, click twice it will take 5 seconds to recognise any of your clicks - so slow to catch up with your requests for navigation/commands! AAARGH! Battery life? What battery life? After fully charging it all day I am now sat here half an hour into my work and the battery is already on half life?! I've had this waste of money for less than a year and it has been like this from day one. After 2 hours max you'll get a warning to plug in as you're on 14% of battery life left - this works out in actual terms to be approx 2 mins to find, plug in the charger and avoid losing your work/page. It's quite a race against the clock!Screen is shocking, can't see photo's/pictures/links/emails in their full glory due to this 'mini' design. Some websites are difficult to use (I shop on the net quite often) because you can't view the whole page therefore it's difficult to select things, compare, view options, difficult to explain but more often than not I have to select one thing at the top of the page, use the arrow key on the right to get to bottom of page ( another infuriating task) and then select or read what you want from the botoom of the page, a page which on any self respecting laptop could be viewed in FULL!I can't seem to copy and paste on this thing either, comes up with some ghostly blue arrow when I highlight then right click, instead of coming up with the box that allows you to select to copy then paste. No disc drive? What's that all about?! Speakers are pitiful, very tinny and volume wise - very low output. You'd need separate speakers to listen to anything worth taking note of. Memory is rediculously slow despite having hardly anything stored on here and had extra memory installed.Finally please don't waste your money. It maybe slightly cheaper than your average laptop but the money you save you'll be using to visit the local internet cafe to get the speed you want, page size you need and efficiency which every computer user deserves. Either that or you'll need counselling to recover from the infuriating experience of the technical disaster that is the Dell Inspiron Mini.