I spend almost $ 2500 in my mac book pro (17"). I also bought a time capsule.Now I've been using it for 13 months already. Before that I used to have a PC.Today I think some issues are good and some are not. Among the good things I can say it is light and it works fine in the way it is intended to. The mac OSX has some nice advantages over the windows, such as the time machine, the integrated address book, the light mail program, and the huge variety of custom-made softwares available for download at apple's website. Also, spotlight allows you to quickly find your files and emails.Among the bad things I can say it often gets really hot. My hands gets burned when I work for to long on the computer. This computer should not be built with an aluminum body! This large piece of metal diffuses the heat directly to your hands.  Also, the monitor doesn't flip much. Sometimes you wish it could turn all the way down.Additionally, I found the Max OSX has some drawbacks. For instance, microsoft excel is far better than numbers (but pages is better than word); itunes is very complicated; safari is not supported by many websites; and the majority of world class softwares were designed for windows. I don't mean the small programs designed for mac, but important softwares such as archicad, autocad, accounting programs, statistics programs (such as minitab), and so on. Of course, you can always use a virtual machine, but believe me. It is not worth. It's complicated and has thousands of problems associated with it.Eleven months after I bought my brand new mac, the monitor presented some serious problems, and I had to replace it. I costed another $800.Today I also use a windows computer in my office. Now I think both systems has some advantages. While apple has a nice graphic appeal, windows is catching up really fast with windows 7. My next computer will probably be based on windows because it is much easier to share documents with the people you work with (don't tell me you can export documents for windows because there are many formatting problems in this exchange).Additionally, if you buy this mac thinking about working with graphics, forget about it. It gets so hot when processing heavy images, you think it's going to melt. This happens, for example, when you import images from you camera into lightroom, or when you try to run a game such as warcraft. Don't use this mac for editing videos in premier neither.Today I wouldn't recommend buying a mac book pro. I would recommend a mac book or a mac pro if you want to buy a mac. if not, i would recommend a pc for sure. it's far cheaper and windows 7 is really nice.I hope these comments may be of any help for any of you