So, I won this thing on the Acer A Day Give Away. (So - I might be a little biased, cause they just gave me a free computer.)I was sort of in the market for a new laptop, and I really was not looking for a ultrabook. I'm more of a big clunky machine with a  big screen and all the bells and whistles type of guy.Imagine my surprise when I got this thing and have found that I really, really like it. I don't have an issue with the noise, nor do I mind the lack of CD drive. I think the start up time is fast, and the laptop overall is a great little machine. It feels really sturdy to me, despite the light weight. I really like that it does not get hot... like, at all. I had it running on battery power for nearly 4 hours the other day, shut it off, and felt the underside. It was tepid.I read reviews before I got the laptop that the keys were an issue. Some people complained about the keys not having the right amount of heft, which caused them to miss keys, or were unable to hit the arrow keys. Again, I like big things. Big keyboards included. That said. I don't have an issue, at all with the keyboard. I've not had any problems with the arrow keys. In fact, my only issue so far is that there are no dedicated function keys. There are function keys, but they're not dedicated (That is - I'd like to have a volume control, playback controls for video, etc.)I'm a big fan of the multitouch trackpad. I love that I can use gestures to make stuff happen. Took me a while to figure out how to use them correctly, but now that I have, I'm enjoying it. My only complaint is that you cannot create your own gestures, and can only use a predefined list of finger motions to trigger a predefined list of actions -- at least, using the stock software (I do not know of alternate software at the moment).Beyond that, it came with a lot of bloatware. Easily fixed, but a minor annoyance.___________________Edit: Exactly one year to the day after I received this thing, the trackpad stopped functioning properly and I cannot penetrate ACER's paywall to their warranty support. Absolutely no one has helped me with this. They're being very, very unhelpful and that has completely changed my opinion of this product.I would not buy this computer again, nor would I have any future business dealings with ACER because of their (obviously) well timed product failures, and refusal to help their customers.