I have a Dell XPS running Windows 7, but I've had so many problems with various Windows versions over 20 years that I thought I'd investigate a slow transition to Apple.  Complete folly!  The bad experience started at the Apple Store.  I was told they could transfer data for me if I brought in my XPS.  "For how long?," I asked.  "Several days."  "Not acceptable.  I have work to do.  What if I brought the two folders I want to transfer on an external drive?"  "Fine."  So I went home, updated the folders and came back.  "Oh, we can only transfer from another computer, not from a drive."  So I purchased the computer and went home to set up and transfer data myself; I've never had any problems doing this in the past.  I get home again and go to archive and print-out my email receipt (which I need for an expense account).  The pdf would not open because of special Apple character sets and was just lines of splotches.  I went back a third time to the store to get a receipt.  The next day I opened the box and proceeded to set up.  After about an hour trying to work out how to assemble the two-piece power chord (no instructions) I got stuck on the data transfer stage; it could not recognize any connection to another computer or hard drive or flash drive.  I just decided I hated it and returned it for refund.  I remembered all my previous bad experiences with Apple: how terrible ITunes is, Apple library terminals on which it was impossible to back-page or scroll, and several lecturers I've seen humiliated because they brought their slide-show on an Apple, so could not connect to a digital projector (which apparently requires a mythical object called a "dongle" which no human has ever seen).  I have nothing good to say about Windows, but at least I've learned since the PC was invented to use its various iterations, and it can send emails, text, pdfs to other computers and be hooked up to a projector.  I will never try another Apple product.  I don't want to spend hundreds of hours in Apple University learning its counter-intuitive products.  Think of this: they're a tech company and they can't send an email!