I purchased this laptop from best buy about four months ago. I cant remember what i paid, somewhere in the neighborhood of $500-600. A pretty good deal. It has the fingerprint reader which is a great little gadget. It alows you to log on with just the swipe of a finger. Plus it also alows you to lock out other users (if anyone else may use your pc) from accesing cirtain files and websites. The problem is, you get used to never having to input a password to log on, so you forget your password. Then after a couple months, the fingerpring reader stops working, or only works half of the time, which is a huge pain. But that is not the worst part, the worst part about this pc is the mouse pad. it requires you to use two fingers to scroll up and down on menus. the mouse pad keys are integrated into the mouse pad (the buttons are not seperate, as on most computers). which makes any click and drag mouse function very tedious and sometimes impossible. The mouse pad and the mouse keys are separated only by a grey line (T). if while scrolling up or down on a web page, your fingers hit the grey line, it will cause the web page to skip around. This makes even playing solitair a difficult task. sometimes the mouse pad will lock-up entirely, causing the cursor to stay in one place, and the only way to remedy this is to shut the computer down manually and lose whatever you were working on, unless you have a mouse you can plug in (either wireless or a usb corded one) I have always been a huge fan of HP products, all of my other computers, printers, keyboads, speakers, and other components have always been HP, and ive never been this dissatisfied with any of their products. If i would have known the problems with this computer, i never would have purchased. On the day i purchased this computer, i never knew what havoc this style of mouse pad would cause. This is my first laptop that i have purchased new. The cooling motor reves up and down like a siren, i dont know if this is normal or not, but it is annoying.  So in closing if you have another mouse to use and don't plan on using the mouse pad at all, this computer does ok. its not a super value, but not bad.