Here's my personal opinion; I've owned my Chromebook since September and use it for school. Web surfing, accessing online courses and creating & sharing Google Docs.Pros:Chrome browser, Google platform work well with my preexisting Samsung Galaxy Note II. I've been an Android user since 2009.Keyboard is responsive and good quality keys.PriceWebcam - a nice feature for such an affordable device.Lightweight and compactCons:Speed. It lags quite a bit in download speed compared to my Galaxy and my Mac Mini.  This is annoying when I'm trying to get work done on the web, which is the whole point of this device.  It's not what I expected from Samsung. I'm wondering whether, like my phone, it would speed up if I installed an SD card.Display. It looks washed out to me- poor contrast and not crisp. For all I can tell, the only adjustment that can be made is in the Advanced Settings, under 'Accessibility' you can change it to contrast mode, which becomes a black background with light text.  I use this when I create documents because it's truly easier for me to see, but online it's a pain because photos look like negatives. I don't have any vision problems, it's just a cheap looking screen.Touchpad is awkward for me. The click function works with a very light touch, or a heavy push on the pad.  Many times I've clicked a link without intending to when I lift my hand to turn a page or something, then go back to the trackpad.  Perhaps I could adjust this, I haven't tried.Web browser is limited- I think due to lack of ability to install things like Java and Adobe Flash Player.  I notice it when I try to play certain videos online- it just doesn't work, tries to download them instead, but still won't open and play.This is just one person's opinion, but a warning that this device is pretty limited.  Great price, but I'm a little disappointed and find myself not using it as much as I thought.  Why would I, when my Galaxy Note II is so much faster and can do more? The only advantage this has for me is a keyboard, on which I can work much faster than a touch screen.Thanks for reading and good luck!