When the Macbook Air first came out, I thought it was pretty pointless, with a fairly small 13" screen, no optical drive, and so forth.  In the last few weeks, though, I've been working on different notebooks at various Starbucks, Peets and similar locations with free WiFi, and I'm starting to see the point.Last Christmas, I upgraded from my tiny and very handy MSI Wind netbook to an HP DM3-1030us "ultraportable".  Like the Macbook Air, it doesn't have an optical drive, it has a relatively small 13" screen, but it is pretty thin and light (and expensive-looking, even though it didn't cost more than a high-end netbook, and was 1/3 the cost of a MacBook Air.)  What it DOES have is enough portability to easily fit in my soft briefcase and leave room for a textbook or two, it has a dual-core CPU and discrete graphics so it performs pretty well, but these are all low-power devices (the CPU maxes at 1.6GHz!), so the normal battery easily lasts for more than 3 hours even with full screen brightness, wifi, and normal surfing/app use.  4GB of RAM and 320GB of disk space on a fast 7200rpm drive are improvements over the MacBook Air, as well.Even though we live in the modern Wifi cafe age, it turns out that *power outlets* are what are scarce.  With this HP, I never have to worry about not being near an outlet, because I can do a whole morning's or afternoon's work on the battery.  The keyboard is fine, and the notebook is small enough that it easily fits on whatever little euro-table the cafe provides, whether round, rectangular, or some funky shape.  The screen is bright, and just big enough to allow proper viewing of web pages and documents, which the 600-pixel-high netbook screen never quite managed.Unlike the MacBook Air, it's got lots of USB ports (one of which I use for a proper Logitech mouse), a memory card slot, and even HDMI to connect to a TV set!  If I need to use optical media, I just plug in a portable drive to a USB port, but almost all of the time, USB flash drives are plenty.Like I said, I finally understand the point of a MacBook Air, but I've found something even better.  Thanks, HP!