I purchased my MacBook Pro about a year ago. I also have another laptop which has Windows and Linux installed on it. I am not an Apple fan, and this is the first and only Apple product I have purchased.The reason I got this machine was the Garageband application. I'm an amateur musician and I wanted to record my band practices, as well as to compose new songs. In that respect, it served the purpose. I'm very pleased with the Garageband application.However, be warned: It takes a while to get used to the Mac OS. It's very different than Windows. Second, do not get rid of your Windows machine. You will need it!This is not a product that once you take it out of the box, everything will work. For instance, I'm from Europe, but MacBook does not play the DVDs from other regions of our global world, something even the cheapest $20 Chinese DVD players can do! (To be more precise, you need to select a region and stick to it). It also keeps giving errors when I try to play any copied DVD. (Just google the words "mac" and "dvd region" and you'll see a flood of complaints and frustrations) Also, most of my external hard drives do not work with MacBook.In addition, when you connect a camera or handycam to Macbook, it automatically saves those files to a very weird, almost hidden, location. In order for the Apple applications, such as iTunes, iPhoto, etc. to read those files, they have to be at a specific location, which is really annoying. You cannot choose where to put your photos!I find Apple much more controlling than Windows. Its operating system wants you to do things the way they want. Of course, it's more stable, faster, and less vulnerable to viruses, but all that comes with a cost. (The latest version of Windows is also very fast, so I'm not sure if there's a significant difference between Mac and Windows anymore in terms of speed)Overall, do not expect too much. Like all the other Apple products, it looks pretty but it has a lot of limitations. Keep your Windows (or Linux) machine nearby. You may also need to purchase an external DVD player and a new external storage disk. MacBook is pretty but far from being perfect.