I confess. I could have spent $600 less on the "base" 15" MacBook Pro and been happy 98% of the time, maybe adding a few hours of waiting to my life over the five years I expect to use this computer.  No, unless you do a lot of video editing or photo editing or music recording (I lightly dabble in the latter two) then you just don't need the premium graphics card and 16GB of RAM that differentiates this machine from its muscular baby brother.  But it certainly can't hurt.There is not question to me that this is a five-star product.  For anyone who would even consider Apple, this is simply the most powerful laptop you can get.  Unless you just can't stand Mac OSX, you will not be disappointed.  The display is extremely, unnecessarily crisp.  The keyboard is simple.  The sound is fantastic.  The trackpad is smooth, large, and super responsive. The screen bevels are small.  The computer is thin and light for a 15" model.As for the internal hardware - it renders videos about 3x faster than my 2009 premium level MacBook Pro.  There is just no lag in general use - none whatsoever.  Boot time is nothing.  Of course, except for video rendering, you'd get the same experience on the cheaper model 15" computer.The battery life is the one and only sticking point, but it's at the level of other premium power laptops.  I keep my screen on full bright, can't help it, and get something like 4.5 hours on a charge, sometimes a little more.  Unless you plan on doing professional-level video editing through the majority a transpacific flight, you're good.But like other Apple products, it's battery charges to 100% in about half the time of the competition.  This is a stat that doesn't get talked about enough, but that annoys me to no end about my premium Android phone that takes forever to charge.If you want a computer that is as future-proof as any on the market, with the absolute best processor available, storage to spare, and enough power to handle anything that might come in the near future, this is the computer for you.  If you can hold out a year for a fingerprint sensor, USB 3.0, and some other peripherals, do it.  But don't expect to need or get a faster computer anytime soon.That's why I bought this computer.  Not because I need it.  But because I might, and I know that even while this system ages and components slow, it has the extra juice to stay top-of-the line for years to come.  I keep my computers for half a decade on average.  I can't imagine that four years on I'll be disappointed by this one.