The other reviewers went into the technical specs & construction, so I'll go with some real life experiences. I've been using this computer for over a week now and wanted to wait till everything was connected and all software tried out before commenting.My configuration is with the hi-res anti-glare screen & upgraded to 8 gigs of memory. The screen is breathtakingly sharp and the colors intense. If you are thinking of buying the computer, the extra $100 is definitely worth it for the hi-res option. Glossy or matte is a religious preference, so that won't be covered. The resolution is the same as a 20" cinema display but in a 15" package.Speed - yes! A 3d file I tried to render on my old MBP would have taken 24 hours. On this computer, it took less than one hour including anti-aliasing. This is a combination of the increased processor ability, better graphics card and more memory. How much upgrading you do will depend on the software you are using. If you are doing processor-intensive graphics, don't even hesitate before buying. In Photoshop, it opened a 34 MB RAW image immediately and a variety of filters were then applied, each without any processing delay.The cons:  - battery life has been overstated. I've been using the computer for two hours now - only doing web browsing and email, and the battery is almost half drained. Other days when running Parallels, games or graphics programs, it goes down a lot quicker. This isn't a surprise, but you need to know you can't fly cross country using the computer all day - it's not an iPad.  - display issues. There is a problem being the first one out the gate with new hardware, and I am having issues when connecting to an external monitor. Apple engineering is already working on it, and it may only be some configurations, so you may or may not want to wait before this is figured out.Migrating from an old Mac - this is the first time I've done this using the Migration Assistant software. Wow. Instead of spending a whole day recreating my customizations, they were all there the minute the computer started up. Word of warning - before you do this make sure you can connect both computers via Firewire (you'll need an adapter if the old one is still firewire 400), because it took 5 hours for the migration to happen over ethernet. Worth the wait - everything is there: the screen saver, browser history, preferences, etc. Even the printer worked without having to search for and install new drivers.In spite of the cons, I still give this computer 5 stars because one is a given (battery) and I'm sure the other will be worked out.