I bought a Chromebook primarily for online homework assignments, browsing the internet, watching YouTube videos, and occasionally writing documents.  Basically just normal work that doesn't require me to be chained to my desktop computer constantly.  I purchased an iPad Mini for these tasks but it's not functional enough (especially when it comes to typing anything) and it isn't great for multitasking.  This device fulfills all of these roles perfectly.  The Chromebook boots super fast, is very lightweight, is responsive for the most part, and looks really nice. The design is Apple-esque without the premium price tag.  Google's version of Microsoft Office has been more than capable of handling my assignments.My complaints are that the build could be a little sturdier (it looks like a Mac but doesn't have that level of design quality) especially in regards to the power and USB outlets, which seem a little flimsy and prone to accidental damage.  I definitely found it worthwhile to invest in the Square Trade accidental damage warranty.  I'm not very fond of the trackpad as it can be sluggish and uncomfortable to use.  I use a small USB mouse instead. The Chromebook can also get a little bogged down by too many applications running at once.  A higher screen resolution wouldn't hurt but I'm not complaining when the computer is this affordable.I've really come to appreciate cloud computing after using this device and agree that it is the way of the future.  Most computer owners (except for PC gamers, movie enthusiasts and photo or video editors) don't really need tons of physical storage space and can instead make great use of the ease and accessibility of cloud storage.  I can access all of my documents and files on Google Drive and all of my music on Google Play from any computer, phone, or tablet.  And there are many other free services out there that fulfill these same purposes!Overall, the Chromebook is a fast, lightweight device with an excellent price tag that is more than capable of handling the needs of the average computer user.