Going by various reviews from reputable sites on the net, the Alienware M17x models are not as lousy about overheating every hour, like Alienware laptops used to be. I still have the top-of-the-line model from 2003 and its an absolutely useless PoS.As for the M17x, its not that loud in regular operation, but can get quite loud if you run demanding games on it.The 2 star rating is not related to this being the old model, even though the 'discount' doesn't come close to making up for getting old components, especially since the new model's base configuration has a lower price. As usual, you can't buy hard drive or memory upgrades directly through Dell, unless you want to pay double.The 2 star rating is for the absolutely cheesy plastic pane mounted in front of the display:The quality of this plastic is thicker but not one bit better than what is used in throw-away, see-through product packaging.It is extremely reflective, soft and sensitive to scratches.  Any light source behind you turns this notebook into a very expensive make-up mirror. It makes the pricing of this notebook look absurd, no matter what they stuffed inside, its such a glaring flaw.At this price level, we can expect a nice pane of Gorilla glass, like Apple puts on all their notebooks.  And Apple thankfully puts anti-reflective coating on their glass too.Making matters worse is that while the display is decent, its brightness is not strong enough to overcome the reflections.  Alienware managers should really pull their heads out of their sand and fix this sorry annoyance on an otherwise good notebook.I haven't had any problems with the keyboard, but its Texas-rough, lacks the kind of polish you find on high end Logitech keyboards.  Its like comparing Chevrolet interior materials to Audi interior materials.  People who spend most of their time handling pitchforks may of course be oblivious to such differences.  Dell laptops have always looked like they were made for people with coarse hands and coarse perceptions.  Though they've been trying for better design the last few years, only their new carbon cased ultrabook can be called an all around success in the look and feel department.  The Alienware notebook design is really pretty good, cause its honest and doesn't try to somehow look slimmer than it is.  Just wish they'd show as much attention to detail to the most important thing on a notebook: the screen you're supposed to stare at while using it.