I bought one of these, roughly 3 years ago, and its still in beast mode. I had a minor issue with it once that it tried to give me the blue screen of death (about 3 months ago). So, rather than crying about it, I opened it up and took the CPU (processor) and GPU (graphics [processor]) out. Much to my expectancy, there was no thermal glue left on it. So I went to Radio Shack and bought a little Arctic Silver 5...drip-drip-drop and the champ is back in the ring for another fight.My point here is most people treat computers like they run on MAGIC (@_@'). USE YOUR HEAD PEOPLE!! Its a machine, and it needs maintenance!! You don't buy a car and drive it until it blows up then go buy another one, right? So why would you do that to a computer?!(ENLIGHTENMENT)I know for a fact that not everyone knows about computers, but the truth of the matter is nobody thinks about computers as machines. Instead they buy some piece of equipment that works just fine then cry when it "just breaks for some reason", yet they never bothered to ask "How/When should I do maintenance on this thing?". Before you go ballistic on me for this just take a minute to think about it. When was the last time you took your car to the shop for an oil change? I guarantee it wasn't one or two years ago, right? It's roughly every 3000 miles isn't it? Your not an IT specialist, but your also not a mechanic, yet you still managed to maintain your vehicle....IMAGINE THAT!This Computer, by today's average user's standards, is still more than capable of anything your planning to do with it. Which is generally browse the internet, watch videos, etc.. It's compact and light enough to carry with you and has some great features to it; touch sensor bar for sound and WiFi, single-button for disabling the track-pad (mouse-pad), 3 USB ports (one of which is also an eSATA), Multi-card reader, HDMI and DVI outputs, DVD burner AND it even has a remote control hidden in the side for Windows Media Player when its hooked up to your HD-Tv...AWESOME, HELLO!...did I mention it also has Bluetooth, dual independent headphone jacks and IDT HD-Surround Sound? yeah, that's right.This laptop is a hidden gem for sure! I would still recommend it to anyone!!