***** - 5 Stars  (UPDATED BELOW)'Nuff said about how great this computer and Leopard are.HOWEVER, out of the box I have one DEAD PIXEL just off center which shows as a black dot the size of a small period.  According to Amazon and Apple, one dead pixel is not enough to warrant replacement of a brand new computer.  I know it's one tiny pixel out of a million but once you notice it you always seem to see it.  It just seems to me that for $1300 you should be able to receive a computer without screen imperfections.  I wouldn't care about discoloration or scratches on the case but the screen should be perfect.  I don't buy Amazon's & Apple's excuse that this is acceptable: no Mac I've ever owned had dead pixels; none of my friends' Macs have dead pixels; none I've seen in Apple stores have dead pixels etc.  Had I purchased in an Apple store I could have walked in within 30 days and they would have swapped it out.  How can everyone I know and even my giant LCD TV not have any dead pixels but my brand new macbook has a permanent dot?  On-line buyers beware.(END OF ORIGINAL REVIEW)UPDATE:  AMAZON HAS COME THROUGH WITH FLYING COLORS AND SENT ME A BRAND NEW MACBOOK WITH NO DEAD PIXELS AT NO CHARGE.  After a visit to the Apple Store (to confirm that if purchased there, they would replace it) I gave Amazon one more chance.  Using the call-back feature, customer service instantly called me and without any hassle, told me that they would replace my defective Macbook.  Sure enough, 1 day later my new Macbook arrived via FedEx and after staring intently at each and every pixel, I am completely satisfied.  This is the kind of customer service I would expect, and makes me very happy to use and recommend Amazon in the future.A few things I've learned in this process.  If you're worried about pixel issues, as soon as you get your new computer, download a Pixel Checker program or change your background to Red, Green, Blue, White, Black (separately) and check for any stuck or dead pixels.  If there is a problem and you can live with it - enjoy your new computer, otherwise contact your dealer ASAP.  Also, I had much better results dealing with the telephone support people as opposed to trying to resolve this by email.  As long as Amazon takes care of its customers like this, I will be a lifelong user.I wish I could change the star ratings to 5-star but you're not allowed to edit that.  This is really a great computer.  Super fast and perfect for my needs.  Weighs 5 lbs which is fine with me - not ultralight like the Airbook, but it seems lightweight enough to me.  Leopard is a great OS and the bundled programs are fun and easy to use.