I did not purchase this through Amazon but from another vendor that offered an incentive that i could not pass up.  I will start with my initial changes so everyone knows how i am configured for this review.Replaced the 24gb mSATA card with a 128gb mSATA card.Clean install of windows 8 on the 128gb mSATA card and relocated my document libruary's to the 500gb drive.Boot up and shut down are between 3 to 5 seconds.I just it primarly as a mobile media device, movies, itunes email, full office 2013 just for giggles.  I also have cyberlink DVD ultra 13 and XBMC 12.2 installed and have over 300gb of movies.This ultrabook screams with this configuration.  movies play back flawlessly, yes the screen is not HD but i was looking for a very small light weight untrabook, the tablet function was a bonus.  everything works perfectly, touchpad, touch screen, tablet mode (does not use a pen like others do) I did pull down all of the updated drivers from lenovo which included some firmware updates for the touchscreen.  plus there is a button on the side of the touchscreen that will lock the position in place just above the power button. I get about 3 to 4 hours of battery life but could be better if i turned down the screen brightness but i leave it set to auto.  if i am not watching my movies on the screen i use a mini-hdmi to hdmi cable and send the full 1080p image to that.  one of the updates from the lenovo site includes the display .ini file for the majority of TV's out on the market so when i connected the twist to my Vizio TV it detected the model perfectly and alloed me to set the video display to 1080p.  you cant run a cloned screen to do this,  you have to change your video output to digital TV to make this change and when you do your laptop screen will go black.  but you can control everything using your TV as the monitor.for the Money, i would buy it again (and i HATE anyting related to IBM) but this is a really good device for what i am using it for.One more thing,  a lot of people complain about the touchpad buttons being on top.  at least with the updated drivers i use the lower left and right hand corners of the touchbad to access the same functions at the upper buttons.Great Device!!