I have been running Pro Tools on my Mac Pro for many years and finally decided to upgrade to Pro Tools 9 Software and Toontrack Superior Drummer 2.0.  The only problem with this plan was that these products would not run on my rock-solid G5 Mac.While my G5 Mac Pro still felt snappy and responsive, this laptop absolutely destroys it!  I have been pleasantly surprised at every turn, as the new version of OS X is great and the quad-core processor is a monster.  I am eagerly awaiting the production of a Thunderbolt hub and a thunderbolt-to-eSATA adapter, as I had an eSATA card in my Mac Pro and multiple external eSATA drives.  I have a workaround at the moment, but Thunderbolt would be preferable.I upgraded the RAM to 8GB with the Corsair 8 GB DDR3 Laptop Memory Kit CMSO8GX3M2A1333C9, which was very easy to install.  While installing the memory was very easy, I believe that Apple could have made it a lot easier if they would have made it where you didn't have to take the entire bottom off the computer.  Once the bottom is off the computer, installation is super easy, just be sure to ground yourself before messing around inside the case.The three USB 2 ports, Thunderbolt port, and Firewire 800 port provide ample connections for external devices.  The only problem for Pro Tools users is the iLOK key; if you, like me, have the old version.  The ports are close together and you won't be able to connect two keys beside each other.The display is beautiful.  Nothing more needs to be said about this... it is stunning.The mag-safe adapter is the best invention ever as far as power adapters go.  I have actually had a laptop ruined when someone tripped over the power cord and broke the board, so I am in love with the mag-safe adapter.The Thunderbolt port is a revolution, as it works for displays, drives, etc.  I have connected multiple displays to my MacBook with a Thunderbolt-to-DVI and a Thunderbolt-to-HDMI adapter.  Both of these solutions are completely perfect and painless.The only problem I can see with this laptop does not apply to me, but rather to business users or travelers.  The problem is that the battery is not field replaceable, as you have to take the bottom off the computer in order to replace the battery.  This is a minor concern.Overall: 5 starsHIGHLY recommended!