This review is based on a single day of ownership, so take it with a grain of salt. I was looking for a Windows 8 convertible that offered a good typing experience and that also had an active digitizer. There are only so many non-Atom based Windows 8 products that offer the digitzer (e.g., Surface Pro, Vaio Duo 11/13, Taichi, ATIV Tab 7, Helix), and I'd gotten my hands on all but the Taichi and the Helix before making my purchase. Typing on the other offerings was less than stellar, while the Taichi and Helix appeared to offer really good keyboards for the size. Getting a Core i7 Taichi with a 256gb SSD for several hundred dollars less than a Core i5 Helix seemed like a good deal, so I purchased.The machine itself looked and felt great. Some people don't like the dual display with the non-touch interior screen, but if you order this, you know what you're getting. For me, the trackpad worked fine for gestures on the interior matte screen. Also, typing on the keyboard was smooth, and the matte screen was easy on the eyes. The external display was nice and worked well with the included N-Trig pen. The displays themselves are a bit on the dim side, but if you're working indoors, it's not an issue.The problem was my battery wouldn't charge at all. Plugged it in all day, and it still wouldn't power on when not connected to an outlet. I understand that the Taichi has poor battery life (around 4 hours), but my unit had no battery life. I called ASUS, and their technical support line, though nice, couldn't do anything for me over the phone. They offered to repair and return it to me, but I wasn't interested in doing that with a brand new product. A secondary problem was that the special Taichi button didn't work.  Two big problems with it right out of the box. I returned it.Reading the other reviews on Amazon and elsewhere, I knew that some people had complaints about the Taichi that suggested it may have been rushed (faulty digitzers or screens, battery issues, issues with screen switching, etc.), but I ordered anyway because I felt there was a lot of upside to it. I considered ordering a new one since I liked a lot about the product, but ultimately I didn't want to spend $1100+ on a computer and then worry a lot about the product failing. I realize that's a possiblity with any tech product, but with the Taichi, it seems it's more of a likelihood. At this point, I'll probably wait until the Sony Vaio Fit Multiflip, Tap 11, Lenovo Thinkpad Yoga, or Surface Pro 2 come out to see what the new round of Windows 8 products with active digitizers are like.