I'm going to assume you already know what a Chromebook is and you don't need to be warned that there is no Windows or Mac operating system here. You're a Google power user and you're invested in the Drive/Gmail/GooglePlus/Chrome experience. You're not expecting this to look or feel like a Macbook Air (neither the display nor the trackpad are going to meet THAT expectation, but they are better than other "netbooks" you may have used).Just buy it. It's $249 bucks for a little portable laptop that has a baked in backup and sync plan. Anything you do on it out in the field can be pulled right back up from your main desktop Chrome browser. It turns on fast and it weighs about as much as a paperback book. Make sure you have plenty of Wi-FI or hotspot access because otherwise it's not going to do much for you (there are 2 USB ports, so you could plug in a Cellular data stick if you have one).One thing I'm still experimenting with is the output to external monitors. The graphics card is fast and clean enough, but perhaps not configurable to every external monitor you can think of. Sometimes it mirrors, sometimes it only displays on the external monitor. That's an HDMI cable connection, by the way.So, look... here's a little 11" solid state netbook you can hand off to your younger kids and not have a heart attack everytime they're quiet for 30 seconds (there's a guest login account that will act like an incognito browser, without saving any settings or history). As of right now Google is giving out 100 GB of drive storage free for a couple years along with these... you redeem it through a "Goodies" window upon initial setup. You don't get to return the laptop and keep the cloud storage, though.Bottom line, it's a solid build of an excellent concept. Highly recommended for anyone looking for an affordable and portable answer to the question "How can I carry my desktop browser capability into the field without lugging around a device that I can't afford to lose, break, or have ripped off."