Pros: Top of the line screen, sleek design and well built, fast OS, battery lifeCons: Graphics card could be betterThat pretty much sums up how I feel about this computer. Its hard to find anything wrong with this computer when you talk about hardware or the way it runs its software built specifically just for a mac. Everything just runs so great for ex. iTunes, iPhoto, Adobe PS, messaging, email, safari, word programs, and surprisingly games. I could go on forever on how great this computer is. I know its a little pricey but thats what it cost for something so elegant and well crafted. People want to see a new design but why? It has worked flawlessly for Apple and its consumers why change now? I use to own tons of windows computers growing up. My first one was a 1000 dollar HP laptop when i was 16. It lasted 6-8 months and became a hassle and slow. I went through laptops and desktops even went as far as having a buddy of mine build me a pc and no matter what there always seemed to be something wrong with it. I finally bought my first MB in 2006 when i graduated college and it was worth it. My gf actually has my laptop from back in 2006 and it runs amazing. She hasn't even upgraded any parts in it other than the battery. It ran better than my buddies new laptop that he purchased ( actually went through three) in the time frame of 2006-2014. Mac now has my money and support because whatever they put out is just near perfection. This laptop is a fine example of that. The price is up there with other premium laptops and yes i do hate how this sweet computer doesn't have an Nvidia GTX card but the Nvidia GT card will do. It runs games just fine but it would just be nice to have something a little more future proof. Anyways buy this laptop and if you can buy the Nvidia model. Way better deal for an extra 600. Also check the apple refurbished stores as well pretty good prices. Amazon used warehouse has great deals as well no need to spend 2600 plus tax for a new one when you can get awesome apple care warranties and customer service at a local apple store or even online. Well hope this helped a little bit. If you get one you will see why I took some time out of my free time to spread the word about this laptop.