I did not buy this laptop through Amazon but I wanted to share my thoughts here. I'm a poor counselor, living from paycheck to paycheck in highest-in-the-nation-cost-of-living state of Hawaii, and in college working toward my MSW. I needed a robust laptop to put up with college/work/personal life so I bought this T61 from a refurbisher for $130. It came with Win7, 80GB HDD, 2GB RAM and integrated graphics. Key tops were half-worn on the Home row and the LCD is wobbly from worn hinges. When closed, there is still a bit of play with the lid not latching down tightly. 6 years of existence and the laptop does creak a little on sides. I'm not complaining as this is a used T61 and I didn't expect roses.I upgraded the HDD and RAM and installed Windows 8. The T61 boots/runs faster with all the upgrades. The non-glare LCD is easy on the eyes, although dimmer than other non-glare LCD's I've seen (this is likely not due to age, since I read similar comments written back in 2007 when the T61 was first released). The touchpad is the smallest I've ever come across on any laptop and took me a while to get accustomed to. The T61's Trackpoint is a relic from the 1990s and I feel is outdated as a mouse control device and useless like a human appendix or a vestigal tail is. Lenovo still insisted to include it (and still does to this day) apparently to keep Trackpoint fans happy. The keyboard is louder/noiser and less firm than other keyboards I've used on other business/professional-grade laptops; however perfectly usable and comfortable to type on happily for hours without fatigue. Speakers aren't loud; a bit tinny to my ears but clear. The LCD lid's rubber coating mars easily but is easily cleaned up with a wiping of Windex. Contrary to another review written here, the lid itself is not solid magnesium: instead, it is a composite plastic (not carbon fiber) over a magnesium frame. Its construction still does the job in keeping it solid and near-flexible. The T61 is of the "thin-and-light" category when "thin-and-light" was defined at around 4-5lbs (the weight of this T61 is 5.2lbs with the stock batt). I got a new 7800mah batt off Amazon.com ($25) which bumps the weight up past 6lbs. Thin, yes. Light? No.Incidentally, batt life is 9+ hours with this new 7800mah batt under Win8 and in Power Saver mode, wifi off, and LCD dimmed to 50%.My T61 is good, solid-feeling (and solid-looking) laptop. Everything just works. The T61's early-1990's conservative looks, severely angular lines and all-black color make it look either 20+ years old or modern and contemporary, depending on who's eyeing it (I just think it looks "classic"). Other resellers sell T61's with better specs for up to $400 (and likely in better condition than mine) but I'm happy with the one I got and the price I paid for it. //