This is a great idea on paper and gets good marks for the initial effort. A firmware update is really needed for this convertible to operate as advertised. Part of the problem is the implementation of Windows 8. This machine seems to sometimes fight for what it wants to do against Windows.  Things like the the lights constantly flickering as the brightness constantly adjusts, the touch pad scrolling working intermittently, the touch screen scrolling also working intermittently and so on.On the plus side, this convertible is light enough and the form factor is a joy to use. But use as a tablet is hampered by the touchscreen browser experience. You'll close the lid in frustration and resort to using it as an ultra book in all but mandatory drawing activities. Also, one of my biggest pet peeves is the super bright Windows button on the tablet side of the computer. Super annoying as you can't shut it off or dim the beam as it shines directly into your soul (and eye). I really hate that button and it keeps me from being able to comfortably enjoy reading (via the Kindle app)in tablet mode (one of my big reasons for buying this). It's also annoying when trying to watch a movie and you'll end up just opening the laptop up, turning off the keyboard light and using it that way (although there is still the mildly annoying wifi light that only turns off when you turn off wifi, which in turns turns off any streaming you're probably doing).Not going to go much more into Windows 8, but anything you don't like about it is probably present here. Having you swipe to get things done is one thing, but when that feature randomly stops working (happens a lot), it turns into another dance of frustration.  And don't get me started on the Windows Store or it's apps. Super half baked. The quality of the few apps are terrible and most times take away features of the normal (Windows 7)desktop programs. Trust me, skip most "8" versions and use the regular (Windows 7)programs instead. You're welcome.  A lot of programs still struggle to fight through the bloat that is Windows 8. Super small example, Skype won't ever go away unless you exit out of the program. It just sits in your toolbar refusing to go away. "X" means nothing.So to sum things up... If you're offered a really good deal on this and it's cheaper than a comparable ultra book, then go for it. A lot of the Windows 8 problems are going to be universal, so you're going to have to work around them if you want a new "8" laptop. The second screen is slick and the transition from laptop to tablet is really well done, so if you have business need for the second screen then go for it. As primarily a media viewer and consumption device, pass on this for a cheaper ultra book.