We bought the ASUS Taichi to save money by combining a laptop i would need for going back to school and a tablet for my wife to surf, skype and play movies during road trips. (We wanted to get a convertible (2-in-1))We didn't like the detatchable version because we had fears of losing the keyboard half...and the charging 2 devices separately is the worse idea possible... (some are some aren'tThat left us with 3 options the ASUS Taichi, Dell XPS-12 and Sony Viao Flip. (apple and android are not options, i'm not into art and, i have to actually use it productively) (and lenovo is known for bugging their computers, sorry china not interested)Assumptions:Price range: 500-900screen size: 10.6 is too small for a laptop... 13.3+ is slightly too big for a tablet. (the 27in all-in-one that's actually a tablet is awesome but unwieldy)Performance: for price and form factor, It is assumed i will have to game on my desktop... all 3 options are able to handle everyday computing seamlessly, and are essentially the same spec wise.Overall Cons: Windows 8/8.1 is designed for touch screens, but still well behind android. But, that's the trade-off if you want something to feel like a computer not a phone. SSDs are becoming reasonable in price for performance, but their reliability over time is questionable... if you abuse you device, SSDs are the way to go, they have a much higher shock tolerance, but if you treat it as a computer/laptop and expect it to last >3 years go with a HDD.ASUS Taichi: $699 + $99 for 2 year accident (note on sale originally 1099)Pros:Feels sturdy, 11.6 in is better than 10.6, dual screens is an awesome solution to that flipping issue! I personally love ASUS, they have an exceptional reliability program and in my opinion the only reason apple is popular (ASUS is the primary manufacture of apple products, the only good thing about apple is reliability) (the average consumer just wants the computer to work... reliably)Cons: 3-4 hr battery life...Dell XPS-12: $699 @ windows store, I do not own, just got a feel at a brick & mortarPros: 12.5 in screen is a great compromise, 8.5 hr battery life is perfect!Cons: a little worried about the flip issues... felt sturdy enough but still worried, and dell isn't know for great quality...Sony Vaio Flip:$999 @ best buy, I do not own, just got a feel at a brick & mortarPros: felt sexy, professional, and flip option was awesome once locked inCons: In-between flipping you had to be careful not to break in half... pricy $300 more that other options (this one just wasn't on sale at the time....)After buying: had a few annoyance issues with windows, but the ASUS Taichi works great, both myself (high tech level) and wife (low tech level) enjoy using it.