Chromebooks are a new concept in personal computers and it's important that you're aware this isn't a "normal" computer.  However, if what you need to do is limited to working in a web browser and you want a high-value computer (inexpensive), these are superb for a number of reasons:  - On a windows/mac laptop if you lose it you're almost certainly losing some data/customization.  With a chromebook you can buy a new one, login and you're back to normal.  You could easily mix up your and your kid's chromebook and not notice with the exception of stickers.  - You need not manage software.  I'm a software engineer and it drives me nuts having to apply updates and patches and troubleshoot why I can't delete files in windows, etc.  These problems are just not there on a chromebook.  - Guest computer.  Not something I thought I'd care about, but it's really nice to be able to hand this to someone visiting.  It's on your network and they can login with their own account or use the guest mode.  A friend of mine was really amazed when his various chrome plugins and bookmarks appeared.On the downside:  - Chromebooks are not extremely fast.  However, the battery life is excellent and it's quite inexpensive which make up for it.  Perhaps if they are popular enough faster versions will emerge.  I have no problem playing YouTube in full screen, but compared to my primary computer (a high eng macbook pro; over 10x the price) it feels somewhat sluggish.  - There are specific things you expect a computer to do which won't work, or which will need some special hardware or effort.  For example:  - Printing.  You _can_ print, but will need a "cloud-ready" printer which you probably don't have OR will need to print via another computer which has cloud-print software setup.  - Legacy software.  You can't use any software that you'd install from media.  Basically anything that this computer will do needs to be in the operating system (chromeos, which will improve over time), or software which is implemented as a web application.  The capabilities of this kind of software is improving as well but you're not going to be able to run things like quicken, word, photoshop, etc.  You can likely find web-variants of this kind of software but it will be different and likely more limited than what you're used to -- at least for awhile.I've also owned an earlier Chromebook, the cr-48 and while the "matte black" finish of that unit had it's charm, the Samsung is superior in every way that matters.In summary: If you understand the limitations and benefits of this model you'll be extremely pleased with ChromeOS and the Samsung chromebook.