I am a student that has had my Toshiba M780 for about four years. I you are at all capable in correctly setting your power consumption, which is very versatile, the battery can last for 3 to 4 hours. I have sat through many long lectures with the ability to take handwritten notes in tablet mode.  I am able to utilize AutoCAD 2006/2010/2011 & Revit in both PC and tablet modes.  With current battery technology any laptop is going to require AC to run for extended periods.  The tablet note taking has been invaluable as a student.  I would only ever buy a tablet that has a stylus for writing on. Whats the point of having a tablet you have to type on, it's a waste in my opinion. You might as well buy a regular laptop, because your just substituting a hard keypad for a soft one that is a drain on resources, which in my opinion completely defeats the whole purpose.  Having the ability to hand write notes on downloadable lectures and textbooks not only completes the lectures but allows me to stay organized and carry a lot less.  I have a soft notebook for different classes so all I have in my backpack is my tablet PC and the textbook(if it's not available for download).  If I ever have to go back to last semester notes I can at any time and know exactly where they are without looking on my shelf for an old notebook.  My Toshiba M780 was expensive, but worth every penny and I would do it all over again. When I made my purchase Tablet PC choice was limited.  If your a student, shop around and when you buy familiarize yourself with the configuration options ESPECIALLY the POWER MANAGEMENT, because little tweaks can make a big difference on how long the life of the battery will last.  Overall I have not been disappointed in my M780, yes I would like it to run a little faster, but I could also clean up what's in the startup a little more and Everyone has to be careful when we load ANY software, because generally almost any program you install puts itself in the startup BY DEFAULT and WILL bog your system down.  So whenever you purchase ANY new computer you MUST remove ALL software you won't be using and trim down what you do use in your startup. If more people realized these simple facts they would have much more satisfying systems.  Simple configuration can go a long way, it's unfortunate many people overlook the little things that end up stacking over time, which bogs EVERY system.  Sadly, Common sense escapes many of us.  If we utilize the tools available to us and choose those tools carefully for the particular job, there is a point to which the tool should not be blamed.  The Toshiba M780 has been a great tool for my uses.