I've had this since Christmas last year, and it's been a great computer, especially for the money. I hadn't heard of Lenovo before I got this computer, and I was surprised to hear that it got such good reviews. The computer is lightweight and made from quality parts. And it's cheap! Before you buy, know what you're going to use this for. This is not a gaming laptop for sure. I've gotten into gaming lately, and I have to turn graphics down to medium settings to get decent frame rates. It can run pretty much anything before 2009 on full graphics. The processor is relatively slow, but it is quad core, so it performs well with programs that utilize multiple CPUs. RAM is a decent 4GB. I upgraded to 8GB for a cheap $20. The graphics card is just good enough to get by. The screen is LCD 1366x768, so it's high definition, just a bit over 720p. Full HD is 1920x1080, but if you are picky enough to want a perfect display, you can fork over a couple thousand dollars for a macbook (boo!) And of course Windows 7 is (in my opinion) the best OS ever made. Never had a blue screen, never an unfixable registry error, never a virus, not even a single crash. And it has stayed consistent with it's speed. The only thing that I don't care for is battery life. It started off great, but within a month, I was getting 2 hours with the light turned completely down, all background programs closed, bluetooth and wifi off, and only running microsoft works. I would use it to take notes in school, and the battery would barely be alive by the end of the 2 hour lectures. And whenever I'm on a coast to coast flight, I transfer a few movies to my iPod, so I have backup entertainment after the computer hits 30% battery life after the 90 minute movie. I mainly have this plugged in now.What this computer is great at... well, everything but gaming. It fast and smooth, nice keyboard, nice screen, aesthetically pleasing. What I use this most for is internet and movies. My entire movie collection is on my hard drive, and movies look and sound fantastic. I have some bluray quality, so I don't get the full HD experience, but the HDMI solves that problem. I can plug it right into an HDTV and get a beautiful picture. I can tell that I will be using this for another 2 years at least. It does everything I intended for it, but since I'm starting to get into high-performance software, I need to get high-performance hardware. And at the this point, I'm very hesitant to throw down a couple thousand on a powerful system, so I'll just stick with this and put off more powerful games until I build my own computer in a few years.And before I forget, the price is incredible!