I was shopping for a new laptop a while ago, and happened to find this one.  It had everything I was looking for:1.  Recent Intel Chipset2.  nVidia Graphics3.  1920x1080 display4.  Full 10-Key number pad5.  Good speakers6.  8 gigabytes of RAM7.  4 USB Ports8.  802.11N WiFi standardThis laptop has been doing most of what I wanted it to, which includes video viewing, web-surfing, network management, and some gaming (still meaning to try virtual machines).  However, the place where this laptop falls short is the fact that it has nVidia Optimus Technology, which means that nVidia is providing no Linux support for this laptop.  Had I know about the Optimus issue, and that the Optimus technology was in this laptop, I would have went with a different one.  I have got proper 3D Acceleration with IronHide (and previously BumbleBee), but actual nVidia support would be twice as fast, if not more.  It is better than my old laptop (nVidia GeForce 9800M), but only by a hair.  Games I've run (which all run at least decent) include Doom3, Quake 3, Wolfenstein:  Enemy Territory, MineCraft, Nexuiz, Smokin' Guns, and Tile Racer.The battery life, while not terrible, isn't as good as other laptops I've used.  I didn't run the battery down, but the report from Ubuntu 12.04 was that I had roughly an hour and fourty-nine minutes.  If I had turned the brightness down, and turned off the WiFi, I probably could have got 4 hours though.The speakers on this thing are awesome; they are much louder than my old Asus G50V.  The laptop also came with its own portable sub-woofer, which I still need to try.  Another improvement over the G50V is that the headphone port isn't finicky; you don't have to find the right spot for sound to go to headphones.The display is really good too, nice and bright, 1920x1080.  Not much else to say there.The Intel Core i7 processor is an eight core CPU, which I have yet to tax.  I can't wait to see how well it handles virtual machines.Touch pad works, but because it isn't exactly "defined."  There are just two slits on the side, nothing at the top to determine when it ends/begins.  It is difficult to determine when I'm using the vertical scroll on the bar, or just fumbling on surface.Also, two of the USB ports are 3.0 standard, but I don't have any USB 3.0 devices to test them with.  However, I've noticed that those two ports don't always work, and it is random.  Sometimes it will work on (re)boot, or quit on wake.  The USB 2.0 ports seem to always work.Other features:Blu-Ray Drive1280x720 WebCamSummaryGood:  Intel Core i7 CPU, 8GB of RAM, Speakers, Display, Two 500GB hard drivesBad:  No proper nVidia support (not an issue if you use Windows, but a major problem for Linux Gamers), short battery life, finicky USB 3.0 portIndifferent:  Blu-Ray Drive