Made the decision to purchase this laptop due to the fact that it seemed like a deal too good to be true. Well, it was. It's practically impossible to find this much power in a 14 inch laptop at such a low price. As far as being a powerful system, it certainly delivered. For example, Dell put the operating system on a solid state drive, meaning boot times are very quick. The track pad is pretty bad, often skipping around or making other such errors, but the power of the system itself is solid. It should be a great laptop, however my experience has been plagued with difficulties.Day 1 I began having severe issues with the computer. I would crash whenever it came out of sleep mode. This issue culminated in a  hard crash on Day 2 of ownership, necessitating a call to Dell. Customer service was helpful, and eventually after some monkeying with the boot order and installation of a fresh BIOS, that problem was solved.With the crashing solved, I turned my focus to the issue of the incredibly poor wifi performance. The computer would simply fail to connect with any sort of reasonable speed if I left the room the router was in. I ran comparative speed tests on the device from another room, about 30 feet away from the router, and while the new dell was getting less that 1Mbps in download speed, my other devices were able to connect at speeds 10 times greater. Customer Service has been somewhat more difficult in this case, first running diagnostics, then troubleshooting my home router, before finally agreeing to replace the wireless card.Replacing the card didn't work, nor did re-installing the operating system. Now they want to send a new hard drive rather than try replacing the antenna. Dell is flailing. There is something deeply wrong with this model, and if you google around you'll see that this model and the XPS 15 both seem to have issues receiving strong wireless signal which appear to be unsolvable. Personally, I'm done dealing with this nonsense, and plan to return this lemon of a computer as soon as possible.Happily, where Dell has failed, Amazon picked up the slack, and has been very accommodating so far.