I debated long and hard about whether to get this or the larger MacBook Air.  I am very happy with my choice of the 11.6 version.  It is light; the screen is easy to read and very bright, and everything else about it is perfect for my needs.  I especially love the keyboard feel and don't miss any of the features that the larger Air includes.  I've already got USB SD card adaptors, and am not a great maker of movies or editor of audio files, so additional capacity was never a need or a concern.My main concern was getting used to the Apple operating system after being a life long PC user.  I still have a PC at work running Windows XP and one at home with XP as well.  This MacBook makes them both seem clunky and basically obsolete!  It starts up nearly instantaneously, each program loads immediately after being clicked on, and the whole operating system (Snow Leopard in my case) is intuitive and easy to learn.For a newbie to Apple's OS, their prompts and on-line training videos are all that you really need.  My only criticism was that the directions about how to work the button-less mouse pad were buried way back in their "getting started guide" and I needed to call Apple when first booting up and signing onto the computer since I didn't know how to advance to the next steps.  (The mouse pad actually moves downward on the left hand bottom and right hand bottom corners when pushed hard enough, not just tapped, and that provides the button clicks you need).  But aside from that little embarrassment (and the need to find out all of the serial number and other information before I could talk to the Apple expert on the phone), everything else was smooth sailing.This is a fantastic product.  Well made, easy to use, and well worth the money.  I've had two Windows-based netbooks -- one with a 7 inch screen running XP and the other with a 10 inch screen running Windows 7 and neither worked the way I wanted.  Windows 7 Starter is a real disaster.  I sold both of those and this MacBook Air is my reward for sticking with the search until I found the perfect truly portable computer.  This is full sized in feel and look, but it's light, slim, and totes around as easily as any of the netbooks.  A perfect solution.