Although my experience with the Chromebook was initially somewhat of a disappointment, I am a converted Chromebook fan!When I first received the Chromebook as a gift, after the first minutes of use I was extremely frustrated. The unit kept restarting randomly, freezing and crashing for no apparent reason. I troubleshooted the issue and attempted to repair it following the advice of Google Forums, reliable tech web articles and Samsung Support, but none of this resolved the issue. The issues were so severe and frustrating that I considered returning it and not ever buying a Google/Samsung product ever again.My girlfriend recommended returning it for an exchange unit and I followed her advice (thankfully!). When I received the new Chromebook, it performed like a champ! Assuming that the first faulty unit I received was an exception, the Samsung Chromebook is an amazing product!Structurally, the unit is solid, very lightweight and even though it's made of plastic, it looks and feels sleek. The screen is bright and the image detail is great. The keyboard is a delight, the keys are firm and springy and seem to take abuse and fast typing. The trackpad is responsive and the gesture controls are cool.Performance-wise, the unit is amazing! It boots up in seconds (around 8) and the apps/browser runs smooth. There are some noticeable delays in screen renderings when scrolling, some skips on videos when changing tabs and some minor lagging when more apps or tabs are running. You have to remember, this is a $250 unit, so it won't run like a supercomputer. You cannot expect immediate tab switching or super smooth multitasking, but for an obsessive and highly critical guy, the unit works magnificently.Regarding the Google-ish aspects of the computer, this will force you to use Google Docs, Drive and the other Google Apps and this is totally a good thing! This will actually make you use more Google products, so you'll end up discovering new and amazing apps with tons of features.If you have a decent working Windows PC or laptop and are bored/sick of using it, this will be a super smart buy. You can use the Chromebook for everything, and if you ever encounter something that the Chromebook cannot handle, just turn to your old PC/laptop, simple as that! I am using the unit on a daily basis for almost a month now and have only turned to my Windows laptop  twice, and it was for things that I really did not need or could have worked around using my Android phone.You will not regret buying this piece of machinery!