After my 2007 MacBook Pro just died (it was the 15" version with the silver keys) I knew that I needed to replace it.  I have been so done with PC products that replacing with a PC was not even an option.  I have grown to love Apple products and the OS X operating system over the past few years and have found no problems switching the entire household to purely Mac.  It's been a pleasant, no-brainer experience all around.  This little guy is FAST!About this sweet little notebook.  It certainly is light, aesthetically pleasing with the unibody and thin.  The keyboard (compared to the silver keyboard from my former MacBook Pro) is so nice to use.  The travel between keys is perfect and the 13" Mac keyboard perfectly mimics the wireless bluetooth keyboard I have set up for my 21.5" iMac.  Right out of the box my fingers knew where to fly.  No crossovers on the letters as sometimes happened with the older version.  The spacing provides perfect typing and travel ... a pleasant surprise in such a small package!The screen is vivid and clear.  I was concerned perhaps that 13" was not going to be large enough for me to do much work on.  Not so, the screen clarity and brightness allow for work with ease.  I am in love with this little notebook and complimented it with the Speck Products See Thru Satin, Soft Touch Hard Shell Case, for 13-inch MacBook Aluminum Unibody/Black Keyboard MB13AUSAT-BLK-D (Black) - DOES NOT FIT WHITE MACBOOK case for protection and style.  I have to say that this just makes the MacBook Pro a little bit more "me".I find that the battery life is awesome and that even with hours of use it does not run as warm as I might have expected it to.  This is such a joy!I couldn't be more pleased.  As I have learned though from owning iPhone's to iPad's ... I never buy a product now without the AppleCare to go along with it.  One just never knows.  I happened to have a strange Lemon with my 2007 MacBook Pro that went through 3 Logic boards (all covered).  I wouldn't buy a Mac without the service plan.  Not because they are bad products but because you just never do know.I'm a web geek and I play on my computers hard.  It's nice to own and use a line of computers that can live up to all the stuff that I throw at them and still survive.  I cannot say the same about any line of PC's that I have owned ... and I am not just saying that because I use Macs.  I am one of those converts that crashed enough Dell and IBM PC's ... so I speak as a geek whose been on both sides of the aisle and understands both sides.5 Stars!