HP G0 Notebook Bought this 30 days ago from Staples. This product has been a great disappointment. Nothing works properly and never did. Sometimes it won't start at all, it is overloaded with junk programs you don't want or need. The mouse and buttons are too sensitive. This morning it died. Probably the worst piece of junk I've ever bought in my life. Beginning to think the HP name is garbage.Now I see some recent reviews with similar issues, something is wrong with these laptops, but like the Toyota's, they will probably ignore it, corporate management these days sucks, what happened to standing behind your products?Just got off the phone with HP, the hard drive is dead, they are sending me a new one, but it only lasted 30 days, and the issues others have with it not starting, etc are probably still there....update 3/09/10-- now it has a new hard drive, about 14,000 updates and it will not operate all devices, sometime between last night and today it turned them off, wireless doesn't function, I want to return it and Staples is giving me BS *** DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM STAPLES, they do not stand behind their products, they give a 14 day cover unless you pay about as much as 2 laptops for additional coverage, AND THAT IS LISTED IN FINE PRINT ON THE BACK OF YOUR RECEIPT, THEY DO NOT TELL YOU UP FRONT.I have spent 40+ hours of my personal time trying in good faith to get this junk running, and what do I get from Staples?? lip service.Not to mention tech support for HP is horrible, some are not IT people, they are reading from a guide and it takes hours, I have lost probably 48 hours just dealing with this, oh, and I'm typing this on my old PC, because my brand new HP will not function as it should.It is without a doubt the biggest piece of garbage I have ever bought in my life and I have never had so many problems trying to get assistance with this problem.UPDATE 5/06/11--  It now blew its mother board after a year of so so performance, slow starts, re starts, shutting off for no reason, etc etc, put HP motherboard problems in your search, there is supposed to be a class action suit going, I was told HP knew they had motherboard issues, I will never buy another HP product and urge you not to, as a nation, we must be wiser consumers ( like never buying from BP again). It's the only power we have.