The HP G60-235DX is the laptop computer I'm on right now! I love this computer - it has 3 Gigs as opposed to the laptop I actually bought for myself - which has 4 gigs. But, it starts up in a flash - unlike the 4 Gig Lenovo. We have several laptops in our home because my husband has one for his work, I have one for mine, we have one we do most of our financial stuff and other important work on. Then our daughter in college has a laptop, and a couple for our other kids. We don't want our youngest running with one - which he does - so we also have to have a more inexpensive desktop.One of the things I love most about this computer is the feel - if you're familiar with computers, and know the feel of a Compaq as opposed to an HP, this one feels like a Compaq. I know Compaq is made by HP, but they truly do have a different feel.The keyboard is a little wider, so sometimes my fingers go to the wrong keys, but the keys are pretty effortless - not "clicky" like some keyboards. The shell is shiny black, but fingerprints aren't too bad, and the inside is a smooth fingerprint-less stainless color inside. Very sharp looking, a little bigger than our Lenovo, but a great sitting around the house computer. The feel is a little heavier than the Lenovo, but probably pretty standard for a computer this size.One thing we didn't like was that the spare battery quit working for some unknown reason about 3 months after we got it, and it was the battery this computer calls for. We didn't know the battery wasn't working except the computer just stopped working after a couple of months. I was so upset - we don't spend this kind of money only to have a computer stop working that quickly. My husband took it, and just happened to plug a Dell battery into it, and low and behold the computer worked! I was thrilled - I hadn't been able to use the computer in about a week! I'm so glad it was the spare battery and not the computer!Overall this is my favorite laptop....well...our daughter's is burgundy, and that would be so sweet, but despite the color, I do love this computer and would recommend it to anyone who was looking into purchasing a new laptop. The price was somewhere around $600 - our 4 Gig Lenovo was approx $650, so I guess the price is pretty standards.