I've only had this machine a few days but find it so easy to use.  Windows 8 is coming along nicely and I have only a few issues with the laptop.1)  The screen goes dark and then bright for no reason.....I solved this problem by going to the Lenovo website and download the fix for the ambient light sensor.  Problem solved.2) No caps lock warning light.  Not a major issue although when you've been typing for a while then look at the screen and it's all capitals it can be very frustrating.Apart from these minor issues I have no complaints about this laptop.  Any new computer will take time to update relevant software like adobe etc.  Will always have the issue of downloading the new drivers for your relevant devices  and trying to keep the new windows OS up to date (always an issue) but I have found this  laptop quite a pleasure to use.  It's small and compact.  The screen swivels easy enough and I find the touch screen very easy to use.  The windows 8 shortcuts have mostly been found through trial and error but when I find something new it's nice and exciting.I have lots of photos and when viewing them the laptop seems seamless unlike my last computer.  I really haven't found anything on this computer that I don't like but it's only been a short time.  FINGERS CROSSED!!!Had this computer a few months now and am now on my second.  I sent my original back as the battery wouldn't charge.  Lenovo customer service were good if not very informative and they eventually sent me a new laptop.  Problem is I'm now having the same problems with this new machine.  Battery is available but not charging.  I also hate the mouse pad which does just what ever it wants to. The touchscreen some time loads and other times doesn't and i have to reboot several times.  One day all my Apps work and then next they don't.  The screen flicks darker and lighter when it wants to.Basically I've just had enough of this machine.  It's supposed to be fun to use but it's now just a nightmare and i hate hate hate it. Not sure what else i can say about this machine.  I liked this laptop because of the hard drive but it's really not worth the effort anymore.  Please give me my money back!!!!!!!!!!!!