I did a LOT of research on this baby before I bought it and have NOT been disappointed.  I had no issues with it out of the box what so ever.  A couple of things I did, neither of which are necessary for an average user:1.  I did a clean install of Windows 7 64-bit and re-installed all my drivers without a hitch.2.  Over clocked the processor to 1.9 and had no problems at all.  I should also add that I had been using the machine without over clocking it and thought it was plenty speedy.  After the over clock, well, it just got better.I was planning on upgrading to a SSD but I can barely even hear the stock drive when it's spinning and the thing is blazing fast (I can only imagine what people using a faster internal drive or a SSD drive are getting for response times, but I'm very happy with it as is).  I think I'll wait for SSD prices to drop a bit before making that investment.Trackpad wasn't responsive enough for me with the original settings, but it was simple enough to enter the settings and increase the sensitivity.  Found it to be nice to have the dimpled texture as it helps me know when I've moved my finger off the trackpad while navigating the desktop.Display is great.  I guess some people may be used to something I'm not, but the viewing angles are more than good enough for me.  Streamed HD video via Hulu, etc, is crisp and smooth.No problems with the wireless at home, at a cafe, etc.I don't do a lot of laptop gaming since I have a PS3, so I haven't had a chance to give that a go using the discrete Nvidia card.I'm a touch typist so the non-backlit keyboard doesn't bug me, but it might be nice to have.  Probably install one in a few weeks.  The current keyboard is good enough, probably give it 4 or 4.5 stars.  Not as loud as some would make it out to be.The thing is light and I have no problem carrying it around.  I use the Zeroshock case throw it in my backpack no prob.Did I mention that this thing is fast?  Yesterday I had MediaMonkey open playing music/podcasts, 4 youtube videos open but not playing, 6 other browser tabs open in Chrome, a pdf file open, an open office doc open, and doing some PHP work using Kodomo edit on the IIS webserver I setup on it.  I'll try to remember to update this once I get a virtual box up on it running Ubuntu.I'm in love and her name is ASUS.