First off I would like everyone to know that I bought this as a Macbook clone, because while I admire the aesthetics of macs I'm not a huge fan of the OS. In that it succeeds, from the bezel trim, to the smooth finish it is a close match to the real thing. With Windows 7 which I much prefer. After using the laptop for about a week I have no complaints, except for the screen, it does have a bit of glare and I wish the envys' still came with the superior radiance display instead of the cheaper Brightview. Although I wouldn't be as dramatic about it as the other guy, the black aren't grey like the other guy said. It does have a lot of glare at 60% brightness which I use by default to save battery (at 100% its barely noticeable). But is it bearable at the least.A bit on the specs, this laptop is pretty fast, I love its large 7200 rpm HD (which copied all my music and videos in like 20 mins, which was much faster than it was when I wrote to a 5400) the i5 seems fast, with no hiccups so far. A few of my friends have suggested I go with an i7, which you as a customer might consider. However to me battery life is king with a laptop, and the fact is an i7 just takes up more juice period. However if you want more of a complete desktop replacement, and want to be plugged in all the time def go with the i7.In closing I love this laptop, except for the grounded charger cable I almost forgot that LOL, it's prolly just a problem for me because my house only has a couple 3 prong outlets. (Grounded = 3 prong, 2 prong is what I thought was the norm but I guess not for HP)Also the complaints from past models seem to be fixed, i.e. the trackpad, it works just as good as a mac if not better for me, it might be because I'm used to touch phones and such idk.Edit: I would just like to add a few things, First the battery life is awesome, I use it maybe an hour or two a day and charge it only a few times a week. Another added bonus which wasn't even advertised was the inclusion of adobe elements,(consumer level) such as photoshop elements and premiere elements. These retail for $150, and are awesome, especially since they beat out mac software such as imovie.