Lets be clear, I do not have this laptop.  I am writing this review to describe my customer service experience with Lenovo directly.  They get two stars (instead of one) because they did do the right thing with the replacement model, more below.  I ordered a y510p on 11/13 and cancelled it also on 11/13, to order a better laptop from Lenovo: the y410p model #59369916.  Despite cancelling the original order (on the same day) and re-ordering the new one, they still shipped the cancelled order on the 11/18.  On 11/18, I called and cancelled the order -again- AND had the laptop rerouted back to their warehouse.  They had already billed my credit card for the cancelled order and they would not credit my account till they received it back, despite their being nothing I could do nor the fact i didn't have the laptop.  On 11/22, it was still in transit (to me) so I called again.  Same story, they will reroute and do credit when the laptop returns to their warehouse, even though they will not do the reroute...  11/25: First attempted delivery to my house: reroute still not done, credit still not done and the second machine I ordered (the y410p) was discontinued 12 days after I placed the order.  Now I have no laptop and an $800 bill on my credit card that they will still not credit despite numerous calls and even involving my credit card company on the phone with their supervisors.Purchase At Your Own Risk from Lenovo.The customer service people are decent and sympathetic, however, they have no ability to do ANYTHING.  To elaborate on the 2 stars vs one, I was promised another laptop at my original price mind you, that has even better specs than this - I am not holding my breath.  At the time of this writing my replacement order was rejected by Lenovo's credit department due to a technical issue despite the fact that they have already posted 2, YES TWO orders to my credit card...I figure, since I am currently still on the hook for $800 for the original order, I may as well play this out to see if I can get the new laptop.Purchase a Lenovo machine at your own risk and be prepared for a nightmare if anything goes wrong.