I have an old Samsung flip phone that cost around $30. It has survived my abuse for more than a year, including being dropped into a koi pond. It was cheap, but it is very well-made and reliable.The point of this digression is that a small price tag doesn't have to imply poor-quality merchandise. Plenty of low-end products offer solid builds; the savings comes from cutting out bells and whistles, but not (necessarily) sacrificing the quality of the materials that make up the product.Sadly this is not the case with the CQ56. I bought mine for about one hundred dollars less than what's listed here. My desktop PC was fried in a storm and I needed a new system in a hurry and on the cheap, and on that level the CQ56 fit the bill. And the thing is, it was just great for six months and more. It has just a single-core processor, so it's no powerhouse, and there was always a little lag opening Firefox. But generally it was just fine. I wrote a bunch of papers, did a ton of grading, and even some simple gaming on it. It always ran very hot, something I'd read about in other reviews online, but I was careful to keep it on flat surfaces, and on the few occasions when I watched movies in bed or what have you, I made sure that it was well-ventilated.I was running Windows 7 Ultimate (64 bit). Everything was great until a week or so ago. The fan kicked on, making a ton of noise; the system heated up again; and from that point on, nothing worked. Safe Mode would run alright, but of course, Safe Mode is not a permanent solution. At one point the PC took more than twenty minutes to boot in normal mode from being powered off. Programs would take insane amounts of time to run; even switching between active windows was slowed nearly to a stop.Thankfully it was still under warranty, and it's currently being repaired by HP. But based on this experience, and the time lost for repairs, and the very real risk that I won't have my PC back before heading abroad for a research trip in a few days, I will never again buy anything from Compaq. And again, before you say "You should have known better--it's a COMPAQ," I repeat my earlier claim: lower price doesn't have to, and shouldn't, mean lower quality. But in this case it does, and that's why you're better off giving another company your money.