I was pleasantly surprised how fast this computer runs. Its faster then my Mac Pro Desktop with 32 GB of Memory. The reason this MacBook Air is so fast is because the Solid State Drive HHD & Haswell Chip this technology makes this thing FAST. I have the MacBook Air all MAX Specs i7, 500GB Hard Drive, 8GB Memory. I chose this MacBook Air over the MacBook Pro because the all day battery life and YES this thing will stay on all day no problem I never seen this laptop die on me. Battery life is a lot more then I can ask for. The sleek design is the future of Apples laptop the MacBook Pro will be redesigned to look like the Air. It is such a pleasure to own this laptop. The look of this laptop is so much better looking then the Air and unless you are running multiple high level programs at the same time you can't tell the difference between a Air or Pro. The Air definitely blows any older MacBook Pro out of the water with the NEW HASWEL Technology. I build websites use high memory running programs like Adobe Photoshop, Dreamweaver, I write code on Python IDLE Shell. I use Xcode to build Apps. I use Final Cut Pro for youtube commercials. I do Internet Marketing and this Computer runs all my high lever programs like butter. I have a Mac Pro Desktop it doesn't have the new Haswell or Mavericks but it has 32 GB of Memory and Has a Regular 500GB Hard Drive and I use my MacBook Air for everything I was surprised how fast it runs. Don't let the specs fool you with the Haswell Technology this computer is SICK. I think this laptop is underpriced I think it should be more. I been using Apple since 1995 My first Apple was the Performa 6320 which let you watch cable TV on your computer. I remember my mom bought it for me and it was over $3k. I have been a Apple user since I was a child. I learned how to build websites on one at the age of 12.  Remember owned a Apple computer please don't waste your money on a windows computer. You never been on a computer unless you used a Apple Operating System. Windows is pure garbage. I wouldn't use a windows computer if you  paid me. I think the BBB should not allow Microsoft to sell Windows OS other programs they make are good. But windows should be illegal to distribute fact being it is worthless garbage. That being said the MacBook Air is the perfect computer for a person buying a Apple computer for the 1st time or a professional computer programer. It is very safe to buy the MacBook Air because it will be around for a very long time this design is the future of laptops. Enjoy this wonderful computer.