I prefer to type on a keyboard, to take notes and save my notes to the cloud, so that I can access those notes from any computer. That's a lot of what I do on a computer.This sumsung chromebook suits that purpose very well, especially for the $250 price. It has a good keyboard, although I prefer the keyboard on the CR-48 (google's prototype machine from a couple of years back) which has more bounce in the keys. The trackpad is much better than the CR-48. But what really makes this special is that it's lightweight and quiet (no fan).Because of the light weight, ironically, it's easier to do tablet like reading on it than a tablet. Often I find myself holding  it with one hand, my left, underneath the keyboard, while my right hand scrolls on the trackpad. Because of the weight distribution of the L shape of a screen/keyboard laptop, it's more comfortable to balance in my palm than trying to hold a flat tablet with one hand.I should mention the experience I had with a defect unit. I originally bought this on Amazon several months ago. The one thing that I didn't like about it was that the screen looked "grainy", not very clear. But, because I had bought the unit online and had not been able to demo it in the store, I assumed that was the way it was. The screen over time started to flicker and turn blue on the sides. I eventually returned it and bought another unit. With this second unit, the screen is not grainy; it's much better than the first one ever was. If I would have demoed it in the store I would have realized the first one was a defect and returned it right away.As far as the chrome OS is concerned, I enjoy the fast boot up times and easy maintenance of having an OS dedicated to a browser. I do however, like to use a linux shell for some of my work/research/fun. Although there a lot of online options via the browser, like Cloud 9, I like to have my own local machine to play with. I recently bought a Raspberry Pi (only $35 dollars) for this purpose.I have the Raspberry Pi in the basement, plugged in to the ethernet and always on. I use the chrome plug in "Secure Shell" to connect to the raspberry pi and do linux shell stuff. It's fast and seamless. It really makes the chromebook and the raspberry pi (which is slow for GUI stuff but fine for just the shell) both more valuable than they are by themselves.