Recently, I decided to take the plunge and purchase a new MacBook Pro to replace my 2006 Black MacBook. The new MacBook 2.3ghz - 15.4" is fine as laptop computers go. I don't need the "Retina" model and would never buy one. My display is almost too bright and sharp as it is. The display is beautiful even without "Retina". The MacBook Pro Retina display models also eliminate the DL-DVD player/burner, the Ethernet connection and the FW800 port. All three are options I use almost every day!! Why would I pay more for less!!Of course, the 500 Gig 5400 disc is too slow for music production and 4 Gigs of RAM had to be updated to 8 gigs of RAM. Apple, really!! You couldn't give consumers another $35.00 of RAM, which would have provided the 8 gigs instead of 4 gigs? This is really petty on the part of Apple. A high performance computer should come with extra RAM when it's so inexpensive. At least I can replace the Hard Drive and RAM, which you can't do with the "Retina" MacBook Pro.My real complaint is with Amazons bate & switch game. You go to buy a computer and Amazon is listing that laptop for almost full price. So, they show you others that are a little less expensive. Which one will you buy? You'll buy the cheapest one available when they're the same (brand new) MacBook Pro computer. Once I made my purchase for $1789.00 for the MacBook Pro, Amazon lowered their price down to $1709.00 for the exact same computer. When I called Amazon about getting a price guarantee, the call center representative said, "Sorry, you didn't buy your computer from Amazon, and regardless, Amazon has NEVER had a price guarantee." Well I'm sorry, I did buy my computer from Amazon, with an Amazon credit card. The transaction was done on the Amazon website, with an Amazon vendor. Every consumer based store in America has a price guarantee for at least 30 days from the time of purchase, but not Amazon!!I hope it's worth it to Amazon that they've lost a customer for life and thousands of dollars of purchases over the next few years because of their petty business practices. I recommend that no one buy their computers from Amazon, because they will not give you a "Price Guarantee", once they change the price the next day.Nice one Amazon!!!