First my cons:1) Lower quality WiFi transceiver it seems2) Impossible to type with jumping cursor until I disabled the touchpad3) I could shave in the shiny reflective screen4) The battery drains faster than the advertising5) I'll add the bloatware myself thanks if I think I need it1) I experienced some dropped connections that now apppear to be isolated to the extranet WiFi at work though both my Lenovo T60 and an Asus eeePC 901 I keep at work have never dropped a WiFi connection. The G555 did so repeatedly not keeping the connection for more than a few mins at times. I would have to disconnect and connect to regain my connection. At home the WiFi did not get dropped across the house but the performance was half to my Asus eeePC 1000H that I keep at home. So sitting next to the router the G555 could achieve only a 75Mb/s connection compared to 150Mb/s for my 1000H. Across the house the G555 drops down to 32Mb/s less than half again of the 1000H. I attribute this to seeing for the first time a Broadcom transceiver vs Atheros or Ralink. I noticed on the Lenovo support website for the G555 that the lastest drivers are from Atheros. Does this mean that Lenovo has done a WiFi switcheroo in production and I'm just one of the unfortunates not to receive version 2 of the G555. Why are the latest two drivers from Atheros?I fixed 2) by buying a mouse and disabling the touchpad, I've never had to disable a touchpad on many a laptop before. There is no sensitivity setting for the touchpad available.3) The screen is very reflective making it harder to see in a bright room or with a window behind me. I thought reflective screens like this disappeared a decade ago, how much could it possibly cost today to add a non-reflective screen.4) The battery is advertised as 4 hours but I got low power warnings after 2.5hrs on Windows 7 Power Balanced setting. This of course was a little expected due to higher performance CPU and GPU than my ASUS machines.5) Finally as mentioned in many reviews there is a silly amount of bloatware installed, I removed 90% of it. The software installs are located on the D: drive.Other than the above the rest is pretty good for the price. It feels pretty solid, its fast. The screen is nice and bright (if only they had made it non-reflective). The camera seems to work fine, all the basic features are there that I enjoy on my ASUS eeePC machines. My mum will be happy (she did not know a mouse could be used with a laptop). Hopefully Lenovo can fix a few of those issues I mention for future owners.