Bought this unit because i wanted a laptop with High definition and good graphics.  Was originally going to spend about 800 or 900 on an acer but it took to long to come on the market.  Lucky me.  I spent the extra 300 or so and am very pleased I did.  This is a great unit for playing tv shows and videos in high definition.  Had this for a few weeks now and am very satisfied.  Have not exercised all the ports yet but was able to sync my pda with music on it and download my songs.  For some reason tho I'm hearing imperfections in the files when played, like skips and hesitations.  Not sure why.  Also noticed there was a built in microphone surrounding the built in videocam.  it will echo when you listen to audio thru the headset plug in.  But the mircophone was easy to turn off.  Materials used to make this machine include a fair amount of plastic but regardless it still feels solid and no problems with any parts coming loose etc.  It is a bit of a high maintenance unit.  You need to be cleaning the screen and the plastic fairly often but i'm sure this would be with any unit.  I bought a gelskin to protect the top of the laptop and that works great.  Will eventually be getting a protective coating for the screen as well.  People have mentioned this machine gets hot but for me its not so hot that i can't keep it on my lap or that i need to get a cooler.  But then I don't play alot of games so maybe that makes a difference.  I do love that there are tons of ports on this thing including an Expresscard slot which can be converted to any other type of port you can think of.  I will probably use it in part to create a scsi port since my scanner is scsi.  Will update my comment when i finally do this.  One thing people should be aware of is that this really isn't great for typists.  The chicklet keyboard is not for the speedy typist being that if you don't hit the keys solidly it might not show up on the screen.  But again, this isn't what this machine is primarily for.  But I did try the included speech recognition and that was pretty cool.  Takes a bit of time to get good at it but it might be what a person would want given the difficulties with typing on the keyboad.  Definitely alot of unit for the money and being that i love High definition its certainly delivers in that department. When I get a high definition tv I'll be checking the output to the tv.