I never write reviews but this laptop has been great and will probably end up buying more.  I bought this for one of our kids that kept using our laptops for papers for school. They use Google Docs at their school so I figured this would work and couldn't beat the price.  Set up was a breeze.  Printing is very easy and have had no problems.  Printing is with Cloud Print which may sound like it would be different but it isn't and is super easy.  I actually set up a couple printers for her and it works great. The internet is FAST.  I have a $800 Samsung tablet/laptop and the Chromebook is so much faster. I have even asked her if she wants to trade but she won't.  Her internet goes faster than any laptop we have at home. The only thing I had to look up was that there isn't a "right click" function on it like Windows.  I went to the help area on Google and got the answer right away.  So easy. I like to edit pictures and make photo books of the kids and trips so I have a program I like a lot and figured there wasn't anyway I could do it on the Chromebook.  I tried it out one day, since my computer is so slow.  I looked in the Google store.  Found one that was free and tried it.  It was very easy to figure out and edited the pictures quickly.  I store my photos on 1 TB portable hard drive and the Chromebook had no problem reading it.  I seem to be the "go to" person at home if any of the kids have questions about anything on the computer because my husband doesn't like to deal with computers (still won't set up voice mail on his phone).  I have had to work with the kid's I phone, I touches, Android tablets, Windows tablets, and Windows laptops.  I still haven't figured out ITunes but this Chromebook is by far the easiest operating system I have worked on.  My Dad was even going to buy one after playing on it.  If you are thinking of getting one for internet surfing, writing papers, and even photos, this is perfect.  It does have games but I don't play them so I  really can't give any feed back on that.  Oh, they do watch Netflix and Xfinity on Demand and it works great.