I am an Android nut for mobile, and I have always been iffy about products like this, they never do one thing really well, which honestly, is fine with me. I am not a graphics designer, I am not someone who needs fingerprint security, I use my computer to:Social--Online browse my favorite sites (engadget, autoblog.com, android forums, car forums, google plus, FB)-Get info, for travelling, eating, movies, multimedia, and shoppingWork--Outlook, web-based Outlook, Excel, Word, PPT, and some limited photo-edittingMedia-Netflix, Photoshop, Redbox instant, picturesThis laptop does everything I need to very well. It was very jittery and had limited gestures out of the box, but when I did the updates, it runs super smooth, fast, and doesnt hesitate much. I do notice sometimes some of the gestures done read properly, and it has some accidental touches every now and then, but nothing that frustrates me. The screen is good, not the best, text looks okay, pics and media look awesome. The touch responsiveness is amazing, similar to iOS responsiveness.The hardware is nice, very solid, light, small, but has everything I need. Touchpad is okay, I hate having the buttons above the touchpad, as opposed to below, which is what I was used to. It does have multitouch on the touchpad after the updates. Battery isnt amazing, but I usually use this at home, so it doesnt bother me. I can get by with 3-4 hours of unplugged battery life.Windows 8- people whine wayyyy too much about Win8. It's awesome. I didnt know how I was going to feel, but the responsiveness, all the screen gestures (swiping from any corner has a uniform response) are incredible, switching between the tiles and desktop is completely harmless, and super fast and easy. I LOVE the live tiles, and almost every app I have used has a live tile, giving you information, and just looks cool. Try out all the gestures, and yes, some menus are hard to find at first, but there is a learning curve with everything, BE PATIENT and you will learn to love it!!My ecosystem revolves around Android, so i use Chrome, Google Music, Gmail, GMaps, and there is a solution for all of these on Win 8. The mail app will sync with Gmail, and my work email, and my hotmail. There is a faux-GMaps app, and a 3rd party Google Music app, so it does everything I need.Overall, i love this thing, with small quirks such as touchpad accuracy (not bad at all, just jitters sometimes, i use touch most of the time) and getting used to Win 8, but to me the experience is pretty revolutionary and I have become a fan.Get this computer over the ideapad Yoga, because it has a bigger hard drive for cheaper, and if you're looking for something more compact.