I've been dying to get my hands on this 11 inch Macbook Air.  I got to the store and waited less than a minute and I was using it.  First thing I wanted to find out was if this was really like an actual laptop versus one of those slow Netbooks that I listen to peeps complain about.  To my surprise this computer flies.  I was really pleasantly surprised at the speed it moves at.  So my next question was just how fast does the apps like Word come up. Boy was it quick.  No slower than my computer at home.  I was using the 1.4Ghz model running only 2GB RAM.  The solid state drive was the 128GB model.  Apple is going to sell a lot of these to people who want a super light laptop that has a bigger screen than your typical notebook and runs really quickly.  So to put this thing to it's paces I downloaded Google Earth.  The Apple store's connection was running at about 12 to 14Mbps yet it downloaded very fast.  Installation was ridiculous quick and the next thing I knew I was flying across the globe and viewing my Panaramio pics that I had posted on Google Earth.  The only thing that didn't happen was the pics giving the preview view, but hey I don't even get that on my i7 computer right away so who cares!  The world spun and rotated while going from country to country and city to city as if I was on my computer at home.  Amazing thin machine.  The body is ultra-thin and the quality top notch like all of Apple's Unibody Aluminum machines.  I totally can see myself running around with this beautiful laptop that weighs only 11 more ounces than the iPad.  I have carried around an iPad with me all day and it is not heavy at all so another 11 ounces should be nothing.  The new trackpad is wayyy nice.  You will love it and I never even realized I didn't miss the mouse until later when I thought about it.  No need for the rat anymore so those two USB ports that come with it are open for perhaps an SD card reader.  The perfect machine to take with me so I can load my digital photos and view them on the nearly 12 inch screen !  (11.8 inches to be exact!)  Another feature I will love is that you can plug in your Headset with mic and remote and talk on it using Skype and also play music while surfing.  Very, very nice.  This is just an initial review.  After getting one I will be back to give more details.