this laptop might be powerful and the best laptop but at what cost?I bought this laptop for my graduation presents. i bought it through alienware.com (official website) because i want to customize my laptop to be a bit more powerful. i ended spend $1800s for my laptop. it's okay i think, i planning to use this laptop for the next 3 or 4 years. i make the purchase on june 04, 2013. the estimated production is june 17, estimated delivery is june 24. when i saw that, i'm thinking to my self. am i ready to wait that long? then i think again, f it i gonna buy this one. and the waiting game is on (everybody love the waiting game right? the best game invented by God).June 18,2013i got my email from dell saying that "You're order has been shipped". i jump around the house very happy that finally the waiting game almost over for mejune 20,2013starting to get curious. dell.com keep saying that my laptop in production, but i already received the email about my order has been shipped. something fishy happening herejune 21.2013i contacted dell and trying to find out what is really happening. they apologized to me that it'a a wrong email and they accidentally send that email to me. i was like "omg how can this happen? you get me exited by sending that email and now i facing the fact that my laptop is still in production". then i ask them when is my laptop will be shipped. they answer as soon as possible. i cant say anything more to dell customer service and decide to hang up my phone.june 22,2013dell finally provide me with my tracking number. i'm so happy. i got my new estimated delivery date which is june 26,2013. another two days from the original delivery dates. i said to myself, it's okay, i can still wait. fedex is the carrierjune 24, 2013i checked my order almost everytime. i use fedex tracking on their website. it's stuck at city of industry,CA. and it's only 2 days left until it's delivered. i starting to get worry.june 25,2013i check fedex website again, it says Barcode label unreadable and replaced. i call dell again to get the update of my order. Dell said that they give me the wrong tracking number. i'm starting to lose my tempergonna update again tomorrow to see what happen. until today dell has been handle my order unprofessionally