I'm not interested in writing a long and drawn out review of this product. I mainly just wanted to state that those who are interested in this system with the IPS screen may want to reconsider if light bleed concerns them. You will find that after doing some research on the internet, IPS screens are notorious for light bleed. I was hoping the new Alienware systems would be an acceptation considering all the rave from many official reviews I had read mentioning not to skimp on the screen upgrade. My screen had light bleed across the entire bottom, which overlapped with the right side, and I also had some in the the top left corner that nearly projected across the entire screen back down in to the lower right hand corner. Also, opening and closing the screen exaggerated the light-bleed very badly. My upper left corner did have very slight play/give in it, which may have contributed to the significant amount of light bleed that I experienced. I also did a Google search and found many forums with people purchasing these new IPS panels with horrible light bleed. You will mainly notice this in dark rooms on dark backgrounds such as games with dark scenes or watching movies with darker scenes. It will also be pronounced if you are in a dark room and the computer screen is booting up. I will be returning this system (Alienware 14 w/1080p screen) since I ended up buying the Alienware 17 with 1600 by 900 screen. It has the old school TN panel. While the TN panel may be lower resolution, I won't have to worry about any concerns with light bleeding. Just my thoughts that may be worth sharing. I may come back and write a much more thorough review if I feel inspired to do so. I can say that anyone interested in the new Alienware lineup will find that the build quality is top notch in contrast to nearly any other gaming system. They have set out to be the Apple build quality of gaming systems to put things into perspective.One other thing worth noting is that I did consider exchanging this system for the same one given the defects I had experienced. However, since I purchased my system through an outside party to Amazon who was prime eligible, Amazon could not do an even exchange.If you have any general questions about this system, I will do my best to respond. Take care and enjoy!