This thing is nice. I was replacing a 4 year old Toshiba Ultrabook. And I must say, I'm really impressed with everything about it.Its very slim and lightweight. Its just only slightly thicker than the monitor lid of the Toshiba I had.Its powerful too. I believe the Windows Experience number is 5.9 for desktop graphics I think. I did hit a number over 8. I loaded up Skyrim to test. It automatically set all the graphic settings to low at 1080p resolution. It plays smooth at that resolution. I'm guessing I could probably bump up a few settings and it'd still be fine.I loaded up Windows 8 on my Toshiba, and I hated it. It felt like two OS's ducted tape together. But figured it felt that way, because it was meant for touch screens. And the Metro side of the OS looked like it would be enjoyable as a tablet OS. But now after having this Acer with a touch screen, I still hate Windows 8. Its still two OSs duct taped together. The trackpad was doing things between windows that I couldn't understand. I had to look up the settings to realize that if you start your finger off the trackpad, and bring it into the side, it will scroll through previously opened screens. Was very frustrating. And after I tried to use it as is out of the box, I still did the same thing. So I shut off that option. And you know what, most of my grip with the system is about the trackpad. So I'll just stop because I could go on. Not saying it doesn't work. It does. Its just been designed to do way too much, and also mimics Apples single pad with clicking built in. I hate that.Comes with an extra battery, which is nice. It takes a minute to figure out how its supposed to attach. But stays on secure when you screw in the two screws.Also comes with a slip case. Its nice and snug. Will also work with the extra battery if you put the laptop in flipped around, with the battery hanging out.Photoshop loads quick, and works really smooth.Its a good ultrabook. Much slimmer and lighter than most of the ones you see at department stores. Very similar to the Apple Air. Also can't wait until Microsoft releases Windows 8.1, where you can boot directly to the desktop and they give you back the normal start button. Too many extra clicks to find stuff in Windows 8, compared to all the previous versions.