I will leave my initial review below. I called Apple support, and after working with a Tier One advisor who was not very informed, I was escalated to a Tier Two advisor.This is my second experience in 20 years with Tier Two Apple support. The first in the 90s, the second in 2013. Both experiences are the best tech support I have ever experienced, by far. In this example, my router's firmware was old and needed updating. The advisor tried several things, then had me look at the router. He helped me update my router's firmware, even though my router is not an Apple product! Because that's what it would take to resolve my problem.I am not experiencing internet problems anymore. Apple has successfully turned a situation around from regretfully wanting to return my computer to being completely satisfied.I give 4 stars instead of 5 because of my experiences at the Apple Store and with the Tier One advisor. If they had taken me seriously, I would have been able to resolve the problem sooner.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I really want to give a good review. I had a mac in the 90s, back when only graphic artists and schools had them. It lasted for years, easy to upgrade.I cheaped out after that and bought several PC laptops, none of which lasted over 4 years. So, I decided to spend the dough and go back to a mac.I cannot maintain a wireless connection. Sometimes, it goes out every 3 minutes. Sometimes, if I'm lucky, I get as much as 20. Doing the research I, admittedly, should have done before purchase, I find that thousands of people are having the same problem.I have purchased a cheap wireless adapter, rather than do what the Apple store advised, which was to buy a new router (none of the other computers in my household have any problems). Hopefully, bypassing the mac's wireless capabilities will do the trick.But, that is pretty pathetic for an $1,100 machine, right? Plus, Apple seems to be in denial over the issue. They should at least be honest with their customers. Their own support forums are overflowing with people reporting this problem:[...][...][...][...][...][...]Like I said, I am far from a mac hater. I was really excited to receive this laptop, and I wish I could give it a good review. But wireless connectivity is mission critical. Sorry, Apple, this is a fail. I had to restart my wifi 2 times during the course of writing this review.