I bought this after many days of researching, actually weeks..  I wanted something that is very light and portable with long battery life and with touch screen window 8.  What attracted me most were few points : extra bettery that come with it.  (some people complain that it looks awkward, but considering how thin this ultrabook is, you have to give up something to get extra battery life. for me, it was good).  Very light and good looking (I give 5 stars).  right size for travelling.  good pricing compared to other more brand name ultrabooks.  excellent screen quality and fit and finish of the products.for the bads........typing on key board is somewhat difficult.  I do not know exactly why but i think that it is bad design of key boards (the feel is not right).  for some reason, once in a while, it shuts down and the screen turns to green.  again, I do not know why it happens, but whenever it does, i have to restart.  In one ocasion, It got totally frozen and I have to press the reset button.  Touch screen is too sensitive.The worst thing for me was Bluetooth feature.  I wanted to connect with bluetooth speaker, but the connection was keep dropping or was not connecting AFTER I PUT THE ULTRABOOK TO SLEEP OR TURN IT OFF AND ON (EITHER COMPUTER OR THE SPEAKER) and to get it working, I had to remove the speaker application entirely from computer and re-install.  That was almost every time I wanted to use bluetooth speaker which became so much hassel.  Initially I thought that it was the faults of the speaker (I bought the best reviewed $199 Bose speaker. Awesome sound, but this problem), but after trying out so many others (Bose, Sony, HMDX...etc) I realized that it is my ultrabook. (by the way, I struggled with this for many days and even down load new wireless/bluetooth software from ACER home page, but still did not work properly)  However, fortunately London Duo Bluetooth speaker was compatible with ACER Ultrabook.  That was the only bluetooth speaker without the problem of not connecting.Anyway, my final thought about this ultrabook is that this is a decent ultrabook and pretty good one for the pricing.  However, ACER must need to fix some minor and major problems immediately.