I purchased this Macbook about a week ago, and I have to say that I'm genuinely satisfied. I come from the high-end Windows laptop user base; my previous laptop was a Dell XPS. I thought the transition would be difficult at best and would take some time to fully familiarize myself with the new Mac ecosystem. If you are considering switching from a Windows computer, do it. I have no regrets. OS X is simply amazing, and while there is a learning curve if you're coming from another OS, it's easy as pie to understand. Everything just works on a Mac. WIth the exception of some games- but with Boot Camp you can install Windows on any Mac.  And this MacBook looks as good as it performs. Simple details, crafted aluminium and real glass make this laptop blow away the other plastic ridden, bulky sticker filled laptops. This computer exceeds my expectations in almost every category.My only issues with the laptop are as follows:1) It looks beautiful. Yes, that's a good thing, but it's made from aluminum that scratches easily. You're better off buying a case alongside the purchase of your mac. A keyboard cover also wouldn't hurt. A scratch on a $1,500 MacBook is unforgivable.2) There is no HDMI port. This is an issue for me, as I frequently connect my computer to my television. But there is a simple solution; purchase a mini-displayport to HDMI adapter.3) The sound on this laptop is severely lacking. On my previous XPS (and other mid-range laptops) sound really wasn't an issue. But with this laptop, the bass is very weak and the sound comes out sounding tinny. My solution to this was to purchase Boom by Global Delight ([...]). Boom is a software application that adds sort of system wide equalizer to the Mac, thus affecting all outgoing sounds. It's a good fix, in my opinion. I have it set up to bass boost all the time, and the music comes out sounding decent, if not SLIGHTLY tinny (MUCH less tinny than before).So there you have it. And if price is a concern, you're really paying for build quality. I've never seen any other laptop at this quality for much cheaper.