OK, I bought this laptop to replace a Vista 64, Core2Duo laptop made by Gateway.  This laptop is beautiful and has the latest line of Intel processors in it, the "I" series with Turbo Boost technology, which is why i wanted to upgrade.  While the laptop seems to be quite fast, I do have a few negatives:1. Not enough USB ports (there are only 2).  My older Gateway, which is the same physical size, had 4.2. BLOATWARE GALORE!! HP's bloatware is rediculous.  I highly recommend reformatting the hard drive immediately when you get it and choosing HP's installation of minimum software.  When you reinstall Windows using the recovery partition, you can select this option which only loads the basic software, not all the junk that is preloaded at the factory.3. Hard Drive issue: I got a black screen on startup asking me to scan the hard disk drive for errors (check disk-chkdsk for those who know Windows).  This usually occurs when their are problems with the hard disk drive-bad sectors, etc.  I'm now a little concerned about the state of the hard drive, something you shouldn't experience with a week old computer.4. FINGER PRINT MAGNET!!!  While the laptop is beautiful, the thing is a total finger print magnet.  I have to keep a roll of anti-static moist wipes next to the thing because it picks up every little touch.  Trust me, when I bought this I thought people were over reacting when I saw comments about the computer being a finger print magnet, but it is very true.  You will not be able to keep it clean.5. The Windows Experience Index fell short of my expectations.  This is due to the RAM (memory operations per second), the Graphics (desktop performance for Windows Aero), and the gaming graphics (3D business and gaming graphics performance).  The total Windows Experience Rating on this machine is 4.7.  My home PC running a Core2Duo (E8400) is 5.9.  I'm sure this rating is because the laptop lacks a good graphics card such as my Radeon HD4850 thats in my home PC.  So, long story short, this laptop is not designed for gaming or high-end graphics work like video editing, etc.  I do have Photoshop on it which runs quite well, but don't buy this machine if you want to do high end graphics stuff.Other than those few things, I'm overall happy with my purchase.