I was in the market for a small laptop for school.  Because the computer would be traveling as much as I do I didn't want to spent a lot nor did I want a overly large machine.  I was contemplating on a net book before I came across this.For the price you can't beat it.  The Intel core i3 2.30GHz processor with 6G ram make it fast enough for just about everything you would possibly need it to do.  The 446GB hard drive is large enough for most folks, just don't try to store your entire movie collection on there.The reviews that I did read questioned a few things.  One was over the graphic quality of the monitor.  I found no issue with it.  I'm sure for someone involved in editing photos or animation this laptop wouldn't do it, but for less than $500 your not going to get those sort of capabilities.There are some bad reviews out there over the battery. Battery performance is based on how long the computer will hold power under the most ideal of circumstances.  Heavy use, such as movie watching and gaming, and the use of outside peripherals will reduce your battery life.  Even using the built in wi-fi antenna will reduce your battery life.  This holds true for all laptops I have used over the years.  Sony, Avertec, Toshiba, and HP were no exception.  This is my first Dell computer.There are only two issues that I have with the computer and they are minor.  The first one is its lack of software.  It does come with ms-office starter.  Word on it has a lot of the functionality of it removed so for a student you will need to get another word processing program or update your starter edition. (openoffice.org has one downloadable for free.  It also doesn't come with copies of the software so you will need 3 recordable dvds in order to make your backups.The other issue is the cover.  This laptop is party of the Dell Inspiron series with the switchable covers.  While I like the black and won't get another cover for it I have no idea how to remove it and the documentation in the box gave no explanation on this.I am extremely satisfied with this machine and have no regrets in purchasing it