I wanted to write a review that would fall under the most helpful category when it comes to researching and buying a new netbook.I'll start by saying I did a lot of research for this purchase and after deciding to buy it I paid to have the laptop to me in a day and it happened which is props to Amazon.I pulled it out of the box and the first thing I noticed was the black matte' case finish is a type of material that is going to collect a lot of fingerprints and smudges. I wash my hands regularly and have had the laptop 2 weeks now and have often had to wipe off the cover, the keys, and the space where your wrists sit. This is the only thing I can say is BAD about this machine. I do not like that the keys are not lit up for ease of use at night but the screen does provide good lighting and with a bit more focus it isn't a problem.Now to the GOOD. I was going to buy the version without the touchscreen feature and less memory and ram but thinking about the last Inspiron I used, I had no choice but to go with the upgrade because I was so pleased with my last Dell. I opened the netbook to reveal the sleek keyboard layout with a ten key attached to it and enough space to type comfortably. I recommend this for someone with longer fingers than average like me. I turned the laptop on and was so excited to get started after a long 2 hour download and install of 8.1. I began downloading new apps, getting used to the touchscreen, and even got my music and pictures moved over from other devices. The toughest learning curve to get over is using the touchscreen feature and navigating how the new 8.1 works. After a day or two of applied dinkin' around you should catch on to what you can do with the touchscreen and what you can do with the mouse comfortably. I will say touchscreen is the way to go because it's a neat feature worth the extra cost and the mouse clickers are slightly too loud on this model. I use my computer for daily tasks, research, and occasionally talking to family through Skype. The camera on this machine is nice for Skyping, as well as the microphone and audio too. If you're looking for great performance, good graphics, decent sound, and an everyday medium use machine. This one is a good buy. It can burn CDs and DVDs too which is something I haven't done in years. Worth 5 stars in performance but will give it 4 ultimately because I don't like smudges. Hahaha.