I see that Amazon has temporarily removed this item for sale as it's reviewing some reported issues re: description, inventory, or other reasons that are not spelled out.  I won't write much about the technical features of this laptop (RAM, hard drive, ports, etc.) as they are all there in the specs and I'm not super-sophisticated about technical issues. I am also new to Windows 7 as my previous laptops have been XP so I'm learning about Win 7 now.  Perhaps a bit late as Win 8 is coming soon, but there are some significant improvements over XP.  What I can say is that this laptop is really lovely in design and it feels great to use. I don't find there is any flex in the keyboard and I like the chicklet design, feel and layout of the keys as well as the touchpad design and usability. Some other newer laptops have touchpads that don't separate the right and left clicking keys from the rest of the touchpad.  You sort of have to guess where the clicking part of the pad actually is.  This one does have clear separations on the touchpad and it makes it easier to use without looking at it.  I also appreciate the rapid ON feature of this laptop (or Win 7?) as I'm sick of waiting for my older laptops to boot and wake up.  I think the price is very good considering the features that are included (especially the long battery life) and it came quickly and well-packaged on Amazon Prime. It was very easy and quick to set up and get going.  The speakers that come installed are surprisingly good as my YouTube tests have revealed.  I have had an Asus netbook for several months now and I also like that one very much, so that's why I took a chance on ordering this larger laptop.  So far, after only one day, I like it very much and those looking for this sort of laptop should get on the wait list for when it become available again.  I also think it's time for me to put in a plug for Amazon Prime.  For those of you who use Amazon often, as I do, this is a wonderful deal.  So many items are available using Prime and they come reliably in 2 days with no shipping fee.  You also get privileges by being a Prime member such as free streaming of some movies and videos.  I know this is not much related to the Asus laptop I'm writing about, but after more than a year of having Amazon prime, I just wanted to comment on it.  It's a great value as my children and husband also get the same features and privileges at no extra cost as a result of my membership, so I just felt like writing about it!