I purchased this on a wim in Walmart mainly because of the price tag, blu-ray, and the ATI Radeon 4650 this one came with. I have an Acer Desktop with an ATI Radeon 4850 and its just slighty behind it, it actually gets a windows rating of 6.6 for graphics. Oddly enough thats the same as the Nvidia GTX 260m, so i find that hard to believe so who knows if its really accurate or not. Oh well, this laptop is pretty good, great for gaming, but sub-par for everything else. I like AMD ATHLON, i repeat ATHLON processors, they are much better and a bit faster than the turion. Basically the Turion is like the Pentium Dual Core(though not quite as quick) and the Athlon would be the Core 2 Duo. That being said this has the Ultra version of the Turion which is ok, but still a little laggy when it comes to opening apps, windows and running multiple applications at once, especially when transferring data from an external hard drive. The blu-ray play looks well not that impressive, it is clear however the colors do not jump out at you like better blu ray players in say the Sony Vaios. Also they claim the screen is LED backlit, i just don't see it, i've seen a few Acers and a nice MSI computer with backlit screens that put this one to shame. The colors are just dull, and also when it comes to burning or ripping the BD-ROM drive seems to be a bit slower than an average DVD Burner, also reading discs is painfully slow. The plus is the sound, camera, sturdy build, remote, great quality keys and just an overall feel that its a solid machine. When it comes to gaming all games from around 2005 to about 2007 will run on high setting flawlessly, even Gears Of War. Now when you step up to more advanced direct x 10 games such as Far Cry 2,  Crysis(which i hate anyways), Cryostasis, and Bioshock 2, you have to crank down the resolution if you want good details. So its hit and miss, for the same price you could order an Asus with a higher end card, but with many flaws as i have experienced, or just stick to a little gaming on this machine, and use your 360 and PS3 for the rest, i do. So its a good computer plagued mostly by a sub par processor and a slow umimpressive blu-ray player, but hey at least you get one. Other than that theres not to much wrong with the computer, although it runs hot, its not blazing hot like most machines with these specs. I like upper end HP's like this one, lower ends i could live without. Then again i have an Emachines that is a great basic computer that i use more than this one. Go figure.:D