First the bad:I bought this laptop just about 4 years ago when I was heading off to college. Worked great for about 3 months, then keys started falling off with everyday typing, the touch buttons along the top of the keyboard stoped working, the sound doesn't function consistently... ect (those were the big ones anyway). When I would shut my laptop without turning it off (goes into sleep mode), the laptop would turn itself back on randomly while being closed. This meant it would be on for hours without me knowing, and get incredibly hot to the touch. This issue has provided some good stories though... Occasionally ill be playin music or watching a movie with the laptop and shut it without turning anything off. It would kick back on in the middle of the night and scare the crap out of everybody in the room... Ah, Good times. I've sent in my laptop to dell on one occasion to try and fix the issues, they did replace the keyboard, but nothing else. Needless to say, this did not fix any problems (except for my missing keys!). Since I am a man and threfore can never be wrong about my purchacing decisions, it has to be dell's fault. After using about $50 more minutes than my cell phone plan offers, I got Dell to send me a new refurbished laptop. The keys have stayed put on this one, but all the same problems as the last one.Now the good:Once you find all the quirks with the computer, you learn to live with them. Its the computer I bring to school with me because I'm too concerned about breaking a nice laptop. This thing refuses to die no matter what happens to it. It fell out of the back of my truck, I accidently shut it in the car door, ive dropped it in snow, soda and vodka have both been spilt into the keys, still refuses to die. One occasion, so much water was spilled on it, i literally tipped it on its side and poured water out of the USB port. After drying for a few days, only my wireless card got fried and therest works great. I have friends that have had one of these things happen to their laptop and had to get a new one. This is a downright horrible laptop, but at least I only had to buy one in 4+ years.