Apple has the best machines ever in computing. This has been my first apple, and it has been greater than any pc desktop and laptop I have ever owned before. Not to mention the beautiful MAC OS X. I have used several operating systems many from Microsoft, several Linux distributions and Solaris. MAC OS X has been the best experience I have had so far. In addition if you are used to the UNIX terminal, it's the same in MAC OS X. MAC OS X is so much nicer, easier to configure than any other, GUI is very friendly and accessible far more than Windows. This machine is the cheapest 2010 Macbook Pro, yet it is packed with power that I will never use even though I am a hardcore power user. The machine is so fast and the software is very responsive and quick.I find that older PC laptops from 2004 and under are still living to date. More modern machines from 2006 and up are dying within 6 months to a year or they become faulty within the same time. Machines especially that came with Windows Vista had this characteristic. You would have to buy a machine almost every year to year and a half.I recommend Apple. I have known people who have had a MAC for years. No issues, doesn't become slow, fast and powerful, friendly and they just work. Apple's worldwide support and apple care coverage is also a winner. Buy your machine and if it goes bad, anywhere in the world you are, and there is an Apple store and you are under warranty, you can get it fixed, no questions asked.MAC OS X itself comes with powerful software already installed. IPhoto, Garage Band, IMOVIE, ITUNES you can do so much with. It syncs my windows mobile phone better than windows 7 did!! Syncing my contacts and all in my address book. People who worry about their windows software not working, Parallels desktop Virtual Machine is available, Virtual Box whichever, you can run your windows software in there or install windows on your MAC legally by bootcamp assistant which MAC OS X provides for you free and installed already. By the way most windows software, there is a high possibility there exists a MAC version so don't worry.You may find apple a bit expensive but it's worth it for the product you get, the software, the power in the machine and the international support. Not to mention you don't need to buy a computer ever again once you by an apple. You will be running through PC laptops at least 3 in 6 years.I get 5-8 hours of battery from my MAC depending on what I am doing. IT charges from empty to full in 45 mins.I think I have said enough, get an Apple and enjoy MAC OS X.