I was looking for a replacement for my big 15" laptop and decided to go for an ultraportable this time around. I like the brute power and screen resolution of larger laptops, but have seen new ultrabooks that rival those in even those areas. That sold me, especially coupled with the fact that I'm tired of carrying around a 6+ pound machine.Most consider Apple to be a premium, expensive but aesthetically-pleasing brand, and in most respects they are. However, at this point in time the MacBook Air 13" is really not a bad deal from a hardware standpoint. I did a lot of looking and spec-reading, and it simply looked the best from a cost/performance standpoint. The fact that it looks cool and is Apple branded is just icing on the cake. My next choice was the high-end ASUS Zenbook. Toshiba and HP's offerings also caught my eye, but were all clearly deficient in at least one area (usually CPU) in order to boost battery life. I understand the tradeoff, but I'd rather have 10% more CPU power than 10% more battery life.In comparison to the Zenbook, the Mac Air has a smaller capacity SSD for equivalent price, and slightly lower resolution screen. However, it's got a faster processor and SSD. I'll admit that the last one is a bit subjective since they're both pretty fast and are running different operating systems, but that is my judgment based on familiarity with Win 7 and OS X 10.7 boot times on similar hardware. What decided it for me hardware-wise was the keyboard. The Mac Air has essentially the same keyboard as the 15" Mac Pro, and it's probably the best laptop keyboard ever made. The Zenbook... well, it's different. I guess some might not mind it, but I kind of do. Additionally, the 256 vs 128 GB of SSD space is not a significant difference the way I look at it. If I'm going to be storing massive files like videos, I'd use an external USB 3 HDD anyway, and 128 extra GB isn't going to make much difference (especially when you factor in how much larger Win 7 is than OSX).On that note, I'd say it's debatable whether OSX is better than Win 7 overall, and I still use the latter for games and such. However, if I'm not planning on running games I'd say there's little doubt that OSX is more streamlined for general tasks. That's what I'm using this machine for, so I count that a plus.Note- the 'good' one is the base 13" model. The stock 'high end' one is not a good deal, as all you get is a bigger SSD.Pros:Excellent keyboardOSX 10.7 and iLife (iMovie beats the snot out of Windows Movie Maker)Good performance with turbo-boost i5, GMA 4000 and 4 GB of RAM. Fast SSD.USB 3.0 for fast external data transferScreen has good resolution- better than 13" MBP and way better than any netbook.Cons:As with all ultrabooks, not easily modifiable or expandable.