Well, I purchased this at the Apple Store at Manhattan Beach, CA, and immediately upon opening the box, the Macbook Air had two small dings in the aluminum - one on the side of the monitor, and one that appeared to be small hole by the keyboard. It was small but noticeable, so I returned it and got another that was in pristine condition. Any Apple executives out there reading this, please check out this store. I don't know if they're repackaging returned products or what but this was the second time I purchased something from there and had to return it because of some issue.The Macbook Air was a better choice for me over the Macbook Pro Retina (which I kept for three days and returned), and here's why - (1) better battery life (until they come out with the new Haswell Pro's)... you will get 12 hours at least if you're writing and doing light surfing or watching Youtube videos. If you turn off wifi and bluetooth, you may get more; (2) smaller and easier to carry, hold, etc. (this factor might not sound much but it makes a huge difference and is probably the #1 reason why people love their Macbook Airs); (3) less expensive (which means I was less paranoid about it); (4) and for some reason, the screen doesn't hurt my eyes as much. It's strange but the Retina display hurts my eyes after a few hours. (5) the keyboard is great right out of the box so it's easier to type on than the Macbook Pro. I had to work on the Macbook Pro for 3 days before the keyboard was soft enough for me to type faster. Also the fact that the laptop is shaped like a wedge also helps me type faster and is more comfortable for me to type on (Apple exec, please take notice of this for the Macbook Pro's).Concern?: the monitor is a bit looser than the Macbook Pro. For instance, if you adjust the viewing angle, the Macbook Pro was stiffer. But then again, I am a perfectionist and I notice little things like that.Conclusion: if you want one of the most reliable brands out there, and you like ultrabooks, the Macbook Air in my opinion is your best bet. Just make sure to check every detail before you keep it. And it sure does beat using Windows 8. Damn that OS is ugly and close to unusable. I have no idea why anybody would want to touch their monitors. I'm probably in the minority, but I think tablets aren't really efficient for productivity. It's harder to cut and paste, use word processing software, etc. I'm more productive on a laptop... and I definitely don't want to touch the screen but that's just my personal preference. THIS IS BY FAR THE BEST LAPTOP I'VE EVER HAD. THANK YOU APPLE!!!! I'M IN LOVE WITH MY MACBOOK AIR!!!