I just got this laptop yesterday, and I'm truly amazed at the gaming capabilities. So far I've played League of legends and Audiosurf both on the highest setting possible with practically no stuttering. The framerate in League of Legends stays at about a constant 50fps, however I did notice that while I tried playing winamp and LoL at the same time the game stuttered a little. This is no big deal, but it probably has to do with the 4GB of RAM, which can be upgraded to 8GB if desired.The laptop did come with a bunch of bloatware, but this was no biggie, I just went to this website ([...]) to find out what's safe to uninstall and what I should keep. I took me a couple of hours to get rid of all the unnecessary programs, and I did have to install some new drivers for the video card to play Audiosurf, but again, it's no big deal.The back of the screen panel lights up which looks kinda neat, but I don't really care about the looks as much as the performance. The keyboard also lights up with is nice for gaming in the dark. The keyboard is a little bit flimsy which may cause some problems in the future but I don't really think it will. I don't use the mousepad and I don't recommend you do because the buttons are kind of hard to push down, which could be annoying if your playing a game.The vent on the side of the laptop get's kinda warm, and I've read a few reviews about this laptop overheating, but the laptop comes with a program that lets you see your core temp, cpu speed, and cpu fan speed. It will also alert you if the temperature get's too hot.Overall I am very happy with this buy, it was definitely worth the money, the only laptop I would recommend more for the same price ($999.99) is the Asus G72GX-RBBX05 ([...]), which has a slightly better video card (an nVIDIA GeForce 260m as opposed to an nVIDIA GeForce 360m). It also comes with 6GB as opposed to 4GB of RAM. The only downside to the Asus G72GX-RBBX05 is the processor which is an older intel core 2 (2.53Ghz), while this laptop comes with a newer intel core i5 (2.26GHz) it still turbo-boosts up to 2.53GHz. However it was performance rated at 4.313Ghz ([...]).