Let me fist start this review off by saying, I am not an apple fanboy by any means.  I own a couple ipods and that's about it.  This is actually my first mac computer I have ever owned.  Always been biased towards a windows based pc, but I must admit I think I've been converted.  I absolutely love the stability of the operating system and how easy things are to do on it now.  Older operating systems were a complete turn off for me about five years ago.  My next desktop will definitely be a mac.  Now onto my review.My intended use for this computer was basically surfing the web, word processing, light photo work, and a bit of video editing.  I can honestly say this little laptop handles all that and more like a champ.  I knew ahead of time upgrading anything on this computer wouldn't be possible so I went with the 1.6ghz processor and 4 gb of ram.  So glad I did!  I am able to run photoshop, office, and even adobe premiere (I know it's not the most stable editing software, lol), and final cut express without any issues whatsoever.  I have edited 720p footage without a hitch.  Is this the ideal computer to do video editing on? No, but you know what?  It handles it just fine.  The only thing I wish was faster on it would be the rendering but I just start it and walk away to go do something else.So what about startup time?  This laptop is seriously fast for its specs.  Waking up from sleep is instantaneous.  No joke.  Pop the lid open and you're ready to go.  From a cold boot I want to say only about 15 seconds.  Unbelievable.  I know the ssd hard drive has a lot to do with it, but you just can't complain with the results.  I think all manufacturers should switch over to these drives.  The speed absolutely outweighs the extra cost.Ascetically, this is an absolutely beautiful machine!  You will not find another laptop on the market this thin and light.  It's not much bigger than a netbook and offers so much more power.  You are paying for it though. By no means was this machine cheap.  The build quality is solid.  It doesn't feel cheap.  It feels very durable.  I guess time will tell.My only complaint would be the battery life.  I sure wish it was possible to get at least 6-8 hours out of it.  I am averaging about 4 hours.  Not bad, but definitely more would have been nicer.So there you have it.  I really hope this is helpful to potential buyers out there.  I did a lot of research before choosing this laptop and I can honestly say I am very satisfied with my purchase.  Thanks for reading.