I bought this laptop because I really need one mid size laptop. This laptop is not very big, 14.1 inches, and it is easy to handle. I thought the screen was to little, but now I think it is enough. The laptop has a Intel Core i5 processor, and I think that's enough to any software I have to use. It comes with the windows 7 64-bit OS, and I like it. Sometimes I think it goes a little slow for being an Intel Core i5, but probably is just the way it is. The other features are good enough for me, 4GB RAM, 1066 Mhz bus speed, the remote control (it is a nice touch). The bay is extractable and that good also. The only thing that I do not like is that the laptop does not have a video card (Nvidia or ATI), but any way I think is a very good deal for the price. I have had some troubles with the laptop. Once, the computer didn't turn off, I closed the lid and put it in my backpack, but it did not hibernate. So when I take it out, it was really hot, I called HP and they solved the problem quickly. The other thing is the SPLASHTOP software, I think it does not work properly. It used to instantly appeared when I used to turn it on, but I was not able to connect the computer to the wireless, so I told that to HP and they download and install the old BIOS archive through the internet, and the SPLASHTOP software no longer appears when I turn the laptop on. When I talked to HP, I do not know if the knew what is SPLASHTOP, probably they know, but I didn't have it clear, and I think they didn't have a clue of why it was not working properly. The other thing is the touchpad, sometimes the pointer moves really slowly, no matter how fast I sweep my finger. Some other times the scroll bar does not function properly. I don't why this happens, but I have an old HP and the touch pad is really good. The texture of the touch pad in this laptop is not rough, and just like any other plastic part in the laptop, and I think that bad too, sometimes I think I am touching the touch pad, but I am not. Anyway I think it is very good laptop for the price (it has very good features [processor and bus speed are the most important for me]).ADDENDUM: The keyboard is really bad. The letter or symbol wrote in each key, turns brown with the use. And there is no way to turn it white again.