The MBP is a solid laptop, yet there are a few issues which prevent it from getting a solid rating- The Core 2 Duo processor is the biggest complaint. It's late 2010 and a Core 2 Duo processor should not be in a laptop sold at this price. The Core 2 Duo works fine, but its old and everyone else has a Core iX processor.- The integrated NVIDIA graphics card is good, but once again Apple could have opted for a DX11 card or something like that.- The 250 GB of hard drive space is not a lot and the 5400 rpm sometimes will slow down if you are performing heavier tasks on itHopefully Apple will address all of these issues at this week's Back to Mac event, and I can switch mines in for the newer ones :)Now the good about the laptop- The laptop feels really solid. From the moment you first pull it out of the box to everyday usage, it feels really solid. It's not like the HP junk where the plastic is falling apart. The MBP is on par with the Asus gaming laptops for really well built design- This laptop is really lightweight. It's awesome. Really good for on the go- Really good battery life. The 10 hour is BS, but on OS X, I get about 8 hours of usage, and in Windows 7 on Boot Camp I get about 6 hours of battery life. This is really good- The backlit keyboard on this thing is awesome. Not too many laptops have backlit keyboards. But the backlights are really useful at night, especially for us college students who are always up at night- Even though I listed my complaints above, the laptop still performs really well. Whether you are in OS X or in Windows 7 on Boot Camp, you get pretty good performance. Don't expect this thing to play Crysis on MAX settngs, but I was able to get pretty decent gameplay on Left 4 Dead 2This laptop overall is a really good buy. I would try to look around for a seller on Amazon who might be selling it cheaper, but even the Amazon price is really good, since there is no tax. This current model is almost at the end of its life cycle, so if you are thinking of buying it, but can wait, wait at least till the October 20 event to see what little Stevie will introduce. Overall, the laptop is a pretty decent offering!