There are several bugs that I experience which caused me to return this laptop.1) Every couple of minutes the display will dim for a couple of seconds, regardless of whether or not it is plugged in. It's very distracting and this kind of bug is unacceptable.2) The Windows 8 software has potential. However, right now it is glitchy and leaves much to be desired. Internet Explorer in metro mode couldn't properly display a site that I regularly use (mint.com). Also, when I open a lot of tabs (which I tend to do) after about the 8th tab, it will start automatically closing older tabs without notification.3) When I pin tiles to the new metro start menu, they will disappear after a reboot, going to sleep, or even just going to the desktop. So I'll have to repeatedly add the tiles I use most (like google chrome)4) The battery life is not 7 hrs as advertised, but more like 3-4. This is well documented in other reviews.5) The auto-rotate is very buggy. Sometimes it will rotate, sometimes it won't. There is a button to lock the screen in its current position but that is very buggy as well. There is no light/on-screen notification to tell you whether or not it has been locked. This button has a mind of its own. Come to think of it, there are no caps lock, num lock, or scroll lock lights either...6) I know this is a business-oriented laptop, so this isn't a very valid complaint. However, I discovered that the sound is TERRIBLE. Not the speakers - laptops are permitted to have poor speakers as it comes with the territory. No, I'm talking about the plug in sound. It's AWFUL. The bass is non-existent. Songs sound very hollow. The difference was quite noticeable when switching between an older laptop I have. And speak of the devil, my screen just randomly dimmed!7) Again, a business-oriented laptop, but I didn't think the display was all that impressive in terms of resolution. Definitely not high-res.8) This is a little quirk that annoys me. The left ctrl button is normally at the furthest left-hand corner. Not on this keyboard. There's a different button. So when I use this button for a bunch of hotkeys, I find myself pressing the wrong button. Takes some getting used to. And my laptop screen just dimmed again! Clearly you can see that this happens with some frequency.I am sad to say that I would not recommend getting this laptop. I wanted to like it so badly, but alas, it fell short.