I was looking for a device that was portable, yet, useful. I looked into tablets, but the biggest drawbacks on all of the tablets are that they are not "productive," at least in my opinion. Sure, you can get a detachable keyboard, however, they are ridiculously overpriced, bringing the total price around $600.. I am no not willing to pay that much for a secondary device.I had been eyeing Chromebooks for while, but I was hoping that Google would release one at a cheaper price. This Chromebook made that wish come true.Anyway, into the review, this Chromebook delivers as expected. I've had this for several days and I am very pleased with it. I recommend it to anyone who is willing to venture into something new. Yes, you will have to be invested in the Google applications, however, many of them are of top quality and there are plenty for you to do just about anything. I would like to point out that I absolutely love holding this Chromebook and carrying it around. The form factor is well balanced and elegant, doesn't feel its cheap (don't expect it to be like the top quality ultrabooks though).Below are what I think truly makes this device a must have:- Price- Portability- Instant boot, whether from sleep or from fresh start- Battery life ( 6 to 7 hours) on a single charge, includes watching videos and playing music- Keyboard and Trackpad (don't expect MacBook quality, but it is sufficient)- Amount of apps on Chrome Web Store- 100 GB of free space on Google Drive- Sleek design- Adequate screenI honestly cannot think of any negatives, however, below are some of the areas that need improvements:- Better optimization between Chrome Operating System and the hardware (at times, the performance can lag)- Ability to watch movies via Netflix (I know they are working on it)I know that as the time goes on, Google will be releasing updates to make the experience even smoother, so I am really looking forward to that and unlike traditional PC's (mainly Windows based), you won't have to wait long for updates.. I truly appreciate that from Google.I'd like to point out that many people are saying that Skype is not supported (the hardware, mainly the CPU, ARM processor, is fairly new, so I am sure an update will come), however, in the meantime, you can download an app from the Chrome Web Store called "IMO." You can use your Skype credentials to sign via IMO.Finally, it should be made clear that this device does not work like your typical PC's, where you can download any programs and such.. Many people gave this product a bad rating because it did not meet their "expectations." Therefore, the Chromebook is not for everyone, however, if you understand what it does and can work with it, honestly, you will not even think about using traditional PC's as much.