For my entire life, I have been a PC user, up until 2 months ago when my 17 inch Toshiba lap top overheated and started to smoke fumes through its ventilation. The hardware just gave up despite the fact that thing was only about 2 1/2 years old. It was a cheap investment, I paid roughly $600 and expected it to only last me a few years for that price.Shopping and researching for a new computer, I finally caved in and made the switch to a Mac. And let me say, it has been one of the best decisions I have ever made. Sure, you'll spend upwards of $1000 and more for this, but the quality is a return on this investment. I have no more frozen screens, no more crashing, and no more viruses. Simply put, everything just works and allows me, the user to have an experience that I never would have been able to have on a PC.It literally took me only 10 minutes maximum to set my Macbook up. I powered it on and automnatically, it recognized my high speed internet connection. I  didn't I even have to manually enter an encryption code unlike what I always had to do with a PC. Granted, it took me awhile to get accustomed to the touchpad on the Macbook. The motioning of fingering is quite different from a PC. But with a bit of practice, it becomes second nature.Safari and Mac Snow Leopard O/S  are far superior to Windows Explorer and Windows 7 O/S. I spend less time worrying about configuring the software and troubleshooting problems and spend more time on actually using the applications themselves. My music was transferred effortlessly via it all saved on iTunes.The battery life and working without an AC plug is acceptable, but not excellent. With my Toshiba lap top, I got barely 1 1/2 hours of battery life whereas with the Macbook, I can get a good 6-8 hours of working just on the battery.I have no qualms about switching over to a Mac nor I would not hesitate to recommend others about buying a Mac over a junky and cheap PC. Yes, Mac's are expensive for most people, but the user experience is second to none.