When Apple came out with the first Mac Air in 2008, the computer (and the company) received widespread criticism, derision, ridicule--what! a computer without an optical (CD) drive?  The machine was universally declared a loser accompanied by predictions of Apple's demise.  When 2009 produced no sequel to the first Air, it was pretty much assumed that the Air was gone with the wind.  But then Apple surprised everyone, including the experts, by not only releasing a new edition of he Mac Air in 2010 but adding an 11" model to the original 13" screen.  Both machines caught on with users, receiving  high recommendations from Consumer Reports, and eventually leading to the phasing out of the laptops with optical drives that the Airs had replaced.It's no secret that computer sales are getting trounced by tablets and mobile devices and that the Apple managed to lose much of its polish in 2013.  But things would have been much worse without these exceptionally practical, lightweight, sleek machines (so thin and light I always seem to have trouble finding it in my shoulder bag).  I purchased the 2008 model, then immediately sprang for the first 11" model (anything to lighten the load).  I doubt I could ever return to a heavier machine.  The 11" Air has proven a reliable work-horse, quick and practical in every way (as they say, the best camera is the one you have with you).  If the photos and print are occasionally a trifle small (and my eyes aren't getting younger), clicking on the capital "A" in the menu bar is sufficient to enlarge and clarify the picture.The major improvement of the 2013 over my 2010 model is a backlit keyboard (a return to the keyboard of the original 2008 Air), plus twice the storage of the basic model and, above all, a long-lasting battery (easily worth the step up).  I tend to run my screens bright and wasn't get much more than 2 hours' use out of a single charge.  Now I can use the machine for 8 hours or longer without a charge.I purchased the 2013 machine past the mid-way point of the cycle (an upgrade should be due out in June or July) because the price was right (Apple's discounts are refurb models are generally worth the discount), and I simply don't see how Apple could possibly improve the machine.  (If they did, I probably wouldn't want it.)