I purchased both the Samsung and the Acer chromebooks.I prefer the Acer.Great little machines.  The Samsung has a long battery life of 6-7 hours, and a great keyboard.  it does not heat up at all.The acer has a 4 hour battery, and I prefer the screen which is glossy while the Samsung is a matt screen, and is not as sharp as the acer screen.  the video and camera are grainy, but easy to use.The chromebook is a great computer for google browsing, video chat, and the apps are great.  there are tons of apps, and more are added.I got a new one and a refurbished.  Both arrived on time, and in pristine condition.You do not get the free storage if you get a refurbished chromebook.  cloud storage is reasonable to purchase.  you can use the chromebook just fine without the storage, and if you already have a google phone, you can use the same storage account.  There are many free apps.The Samsung has a SD slot, that is very useful.  Both the acer and the chromebook have all the needed port's to plug in accessories, like keyboards, big monitor, or external hard drives.  they do not have disc drives, so you cant use accessories like the Wacom graphics tablet, and pen because you can't add drivers.  you need an app.the chromebook does not require antivirus.  You can easily reset the chrombook back to factory settings.Im hoping I can use the remote feature to help my friend use her new Samsung chromebook.  she is intimidated by computers, so this feature is important to me.the acer has some features that are useable offline, however it is designed to be used while using a high speed internet connection.both machines are super fast.The chromebook would make a nice first computer, or a supplemental computer, but would not replace a personal computer entirely. Iv only tried a few of the apps, but the ones I have tried are great.You won't be disappointed with the acer c7 if you are looking for an inexpensive web book.  The Samsung has connectivity problems.  that is improved with updates, However still an annoying problem.  with the Samsung you need to reset the router every time you use it,  however this is not a problem with the acer.I love the huge battery life with the Samsung, and that it stays cool.  you may need to reset your router code to use the chromebook.The chromebook can accommodate several users, and has a guest user feature.I would buy the Acer c7 again, However the Samsung needs some software updates to fix the connectivity issues.My Amazon shopping experience was excellent.I have used amazon to purchase several things, and each item has been as described, and arrived on time.