I've had this laptop just under 3 years now and have another one on the way from Amazon.  As has probably been said by some others, my battery crapped out in under a year.  Clearly some of the cells die out around that time.  In balanced (mid-range) mode, I went from about 2hrs 40mins of battery life to 45 minutes very suddenly, not in a slow, progressive manner as one would expect from any battery.  Very soon after that, the battery was good for about 20 minutes.  I purchased a 12 cell battery to make sure I wouldn't have battery issues for a long time.  A $100 purchase one shouldn't have to make until well beyond just 1 year.Also, the charger became almost useless after about 18 months, so I got a new one of those as well.  After 2 years, I decided it was time to clean the heat sink because the computer was running hot 100% of the time.  Not an easy process for this laptop compared to some others, as you basically have to take apart the entire computer to be able to access the cooling fan.The good: Pretty fast straight out of the box.  Boot up is pretty fast even after 3 yrs of ownership.  The processor was a good one for the price of this laptop in mid-2009.  This laptop was a little faster than the quadcore desktop I had previous to it.  The keyboard is pretty good.  What you type always registers, without having to type hard.  Though 3 out of 4 of my corner keys have fallen off over time, I don't blame HP, as I may have been too rough along the way.  The screen is pretty good.  In mid 2009, it was rare to find an HD screen at this price point.  The touchpad is pretty responsive.  Smooth, which is nice.  I didn't think there was too much bloatware installed, which I appreciated.  No real functional problems in everyday use.  It finds WiFi and my wireless modem rather quickly.  More so the hardware problems I've described.The bad: along with what I mentioned at the top, one of the hinges is half broke, but that may have been my fault.  I'm not sure either way.  By 2012 standards, this is a very heavy laptop.  The ultrabook I just ordered weighs less than half of the stock version of this computer.  Add in my feeling the need to get a 12 cell battery because the standard battery died so quickly, and this laptop has been almost 8 pounds for the last 2 years.Regarding HP, I've owned almost only HP products for about a decade now.  I feel like the quality of their products has gone down in the last few years, while some other brands have stepped up their game.  I have begun using other brands.