I have owned this product for about over 12 hours now. Cannot say that I am supper happy about the purchase because other reviews make it sound MUCH better than it turns out to be. That said, this is not a SLOW or BAD laptop, but when I saw people wrote something like "it runs like a breeze," I thought muti-tasking would be much more smoothly: there are certain long pause moments when I am trying to install software + moving data + using Chrome. Speaking of Chrome, before I forget, the "normal" 64-bit version (which you download normally on Chrome website) won't work  properly on this laptop. Solution: Download Chrome Canary.This morning, after a short sleep, I was rather excited to get back to the laptop. 1st thing happened? It didn't load. The screen turns on, and a black screen appears, and... that was it. It didn't go any further than that for like 3 minutes. Something has to be wrong here. I tried to reboot one more time using the power button; the problem still persists. Third time, nonetheless, I get some luck: it finally boots to the start up screen. Phzz. SO... Now I am constantly paranoid that it will randomly shut off in front of my face at any possible moment. Still waiting to see that to happen (The whole experience makes me kind of nervous and agitated now). Certainly, this is not a pleasant circumstance to be in because I have moved most of my stuff to this laptop + set up configuration already. It is too much of a hassle to send this back and redo every thing.Give it 3.5/5 stars for now. Stay tuned for more update!!!Question for whoever-know-the-answer: the delete button on the low right corner is integrated with the period. Sometime I tried to delete something, but it rather adds more dot to the sentences. Is there anyway to control it? Like how to switch between the two functions?Never mind, I found the answer after looking around like 5 minutes thinking about "Where the heck is the numblock button?" So yah, basically, numblock off = delete, numblock on = dot.P/s: I bought this when the price goes down to $475. Paid around $525 after tax. Black. Just so you know.-------------- UPDATE (06/21/2013)After the incident described in the original post, there is no further complication that occurs. The laptop works wonderfully. I guess it was just not too happy to be woken up from the box *joking*Comment about the OS: I can't believe that people hate Window 8 so much. I mean... It's just a fancy update of Window 7. Everything is pretty much the same (at least for me). Just use Start8 if you want a traditional Start button. In short, don't care about the version. Window is Window. It works.