Ive had the laptop for about 2 or 3 days now. When I first got it out of the box it looked awesome. The keyboard is nice to type on, better than my Toshiba. The computer boots up quickly. Windows 8 takes a little getting used to but it isn't to bad once you get the hang of it. Like most Windows OS, you can change the settings to have it set up however you want.When I opened the laptop up, i did notice some scratches on the shortcut keys above the keyboard. The plastic is a soft, easy to mar, touch screen of a sort. I thought they were just smudges and used my shirt to wipe them away and pressed to hard accidentally with my fingernail and left an extra scratch. The laptop does come with protective plastic covering everything but just pressing on this surface with a hard object (like your fingernail) will scratch it easily through the protective plastic. I didn't like this too much. They should have used a harder plastic so that wasn't an issue but I actually can't see it unless it hits the light just right. So you don't even notice it with normal use.Now, other than that, the laptop is great. Super fast, smooth. The graphics card is superb for a laptop. I have yet to tax it on any demanding tasks but once I do some simulations on the graphics card, ill know how good it is. I think i read that it had 384 cores, give or take, so should be quick for parallel processing. Obviously a desktop is better for these things but its nice to have a powerful laptop capable of mobile high processing on the go.ProsQuick, windows 8 actually isn't too bad (i disabled several features however, prob add linux later)Laptop looks beautiful. I pressed around in various spots testing the casing. It didn't give at all. Strong case it seems. Brushed finish shows smudges but unless you plan on never touching your laptop, deal with it.Speakers sound great and the turbo fan is not overly loud. Helps cool tremendously.Keyboard feels awesomeConsSoft plastic covering on the shortcut keys above keyboard. Scratches easily.So far thats the only bad thing Ive noticed. Everything else has been excellent.Ill update if I notice anything over the next few weeks.