This is easily the best laptop I've ever purchased.  It is everything it advertises itself to be from the insane battery life (between 10.5 and 11 hrs on my first charge), stylishly thin and featherweight design (~3.8 lbs), beautiful dead-pixel-free LCD, to what is the best "chicklet" style keyboard I've ever typed on.  This product is extremely configurable and is easily tailored on the fly to your power consumption/usage needs.  It boots into Windows crazy fast (with FastBoot) and provides nice utilities for pruning out the garbage.  It is not pre-fab'd with lots of bloatware and spam as typical with the major PC vendors which made me exceedingly happy (first laptop whose lifetime didn't begin with format c: /s).The mousepad can take some getting use to at first as the surface is simply dimpled and not depressed into the palm rest.  But after a day or two, I was hooked on this new design (it is worth spending a little time with the touchpad driver configuration as the touch pad sensitivities are marginal out of the box).  My harddisk was a 5400 RPM Seagate drive which exhibited an audible "clicking" noise when the drive spun up.  This was my only point of irritation.  I called ASUS and they immediately replaced it with the WD Scorpio Blue WhisperDrive and it's quiet as a stealth bomber.  I believe this is what they are shipping standard on this unit now, but ask the reseller to verify the drive (insist on the newer WD).My customer service experience with ASUS support was top-shelf and given by knowledgeable support staff who genuinely seemed to care that I was happy with my purchase.  They treated me with intelligence and did not farm me off to some third-world call center with people reading from a script.  I could not say the same for this laptop's predecessor, HP.  Best of all, the warranty (which includes accidental damage protection) comes standard.  No additional contracts are necessary.I've owned Sony's, Dell's, HP's, and Micron laptops prior to this.  This machine has earned ASUS my loyalty.  I will definitely buy again.  I would strongly suggest others end their search now and buy this laptop while it's still around.