I am forced to use this computer for work. For my personal laptop, I have a Thinkpad T520 (15.6" screen). I think you can tell how this review is going to go...In short, I loathe this computer. A significant part of my animosity stems from two things: 1) lots of other employees received thinkpads; 2) HP elitebooks receive universally good reviews. Enough to make me think something fishy is going on...(or these corporate drones really are more gullible than people give them credit) And so, dear readers, it is up to Mavericks(TM) such as myself to reveal the truth---these so-called "ultra portable" business notebooks suck.Apparently, HP's idea of "ultra portability" means shrinking down the screen and the keyboard until it's practically unusable (missing keys!), while maintaining bulk. This thing is bloody thick for such a tiny computer. Some versions---mine included, I discovered to my unending dismay---don't even have an optical drive. I think it has 2 USB drives, located (unergonomically!) in the back, right next to where the giant battery juts awkwardly out.Furthermore, you'd think the promise of "ultra portability" would include silence. Wrong. This laptop is loud, whirring and groaning in protest if I dare to run more than 3 applications simultaneously. I mean, what do you expect corporate drones to do with a business laptop? Surf the internet in a text-based browser??And the one thing that's really bothered me: how much other reviewers heap praise on this piece of crap for being "fast," having great specs! But if you look at the specs, you'll see that they're merely decent. Nothing to write home about. Until you look at the accompanying price, and then the absurdity hits you! WTF, how do these people get away with charging so much money for this tiny mediocre piece of hardware?? I mean, have we descended to the abysmal ranks of Apple fanbois??Other things that annoy me: stupid touchpad. I don't know what's wrong with it. The two-finger gestures or whatever is horribly broken. It's slow compared to my mouse. Computer is heavy for its size. Loaded with HP crapware (although I suppose that's to be expected with any laptop these days). Wifi button: I don't know if it's JUST ME, but I've had the immense displeasure of using two of these things within the past few months, and the wireless button on BOTH machines have crapped out on me. Unhappy coincidence??tl;drIf you're looking for a good business laptop, look elsewhere!! Don't believe the insulting, hyperbolic praise this product has received on other sites. You can find better hardware for a better price. Also, the promise of "ultra portability" is an egregious lie.