For a premium laptop sold in 2013, the Apple MacBook Pro (13 inch, base model) is about as basic as it gets: no SSD, no discrete graphics, no 1080p display, and no touch screen. But Apple does not pretend it has any of these. What it does have is great reliability on the software side and hardware side, Apple's OSX Mountain Lion, the sleek looks Apple always delivers, reasonable specs, good battery life, nice keyboard, and excellent trackpad.Now, the question is, who is this computer for? Those looking for a bargain laptop will shy away from the enormous price tag, and those who want to play the latest games do not ever use Macs. The average computer user will be served better by a Macbook Air, since it is faster (for basic tasks), lighter, and has a higher-res antiglare screen. The MacBook Pro 13.3 inch laptop is for those who want to use a Mac, but value performance and upgradability over weight and screen resolution. This Mac will last longer than any other simply because it is the easiest to upgrade and repair. Hard drives can be replaced, RAM can be added as needed, and the internal battery can be replaced after losing its ability to hold a charge. The processor is roughly 15% faster than the one inside the Macbook Air, which also extends this computer's usable lifespan.The fact that the screen is fairly low-res for the price (MBP 13 has a res of 1280x800, while other windows laptops have a res of 1600x900 for the same price), really detracts from my personal experience with the computer. The retina display of my iPhone 5 has indeed spoiled me, and Apple should update the screen of the MBP 13 or bring down the price of the retina model. This, added with the fact that the speed of the hard drive is very slow for the money, detracts from the computer's value. Lowering the price by one hundred dollars would justify the hard drive and screen and make the computer a five-star purchase, but for the price, this is a four star (good) computer. Those looking to drop $1200 on a new laptop will have to decide if the upgradability and processor performance is worth the money over the sleeker MacBook Air. In addition, if Mac OSX is not something you enjoy using, then I would advise that you look elsewhere for a laptop.TLDR version: good, reliable laptop with mediocre screen and slow hard drive.