This is not a bad little laptop except for one very important issue. I can't seem to get on the internet easily in most locations. I consider myself to be moderately tech savvy, and I consistently have troubles with this one issue with this device. The built-in Acer "trouble shooting" software has not helped the problem at all, not even a little. I do (usually) eventually get on the internet by trying different methods, but it takes a while and is certainly not seamless as I'd hoped. Since most laptops need to be used online, this is quite an important issue. Without internet it's basically a big paperweight/word processor. Interestingly, I have no internet problems in the same locations with a few other devices. Thus, I can only conclude that the Acer Aspire V5 is the problem. I will keep working on it, and I'll leave an updated review if I figure out a solution. For a brand new computer, though, to have such a basic glitch is just unacceptable. It's a shame, really. The laptop is nice otherwise. UPDATE:(09/17/13) I have changed my rating from two stars to one star and have returned the item. I never was able to solve the wifi connectivity problem. I called Acer. They recommended I do a "system refresh", which erases any software you've installed on your own and brings the system back to the state in which you bought it(that means I lost the license fee of over $200 I paid for 2 separate software installs). They said that I would then need to update all the drivers including that of the wireless adapter. Here's the thing...this laptop has no ethernet port and the original problem is with wifi capability. In any case, I did the "refresh", and this did not solve my problem. An interesting note: through my research in trying to resolve this issue I found out that this is a COMMON PROBLEM with this model Acer. There are daily comments all over the "Acer Community" forum boards from people pleading with Acer to fix this issue; and the model has been out for some time. Poor quality control and customer service on the part of Acer.