I at first thought this was a great value.  Lenovo has an excellent reputation and the price was great.  After using the machine now for 5 months, I have found I made a mistake in purchasing this laptop and wish I could return it.  I am having issues connecting to the internet.  Windows 7 is dropping the wireless connection ever 20 - 30 seconds and reconnecting.  This causes pages not found which I have to reload and dropped videos.  Since the main purpose of using this machine is to surf the internet (it is not very powerful and was purchased for that purpose), this is disappointing.  I have also run into issues with reading some DVDs, though it will read others.  Same disks have no issues on any other machine I've tried.Is the fault of all this Lenovo's or Microsoft's?  No idea.  And as far as I am concerned it does not matter.  Lenovo should have tested this system better and made it sure it worked correctly.  The DVD drive should work with the disks used.  Is the drive going?  Again no idea.  I can't tell when it started having this issue since I did not test DVDs until recently, but again, poor quality.I have not given up on getting the system to work and will most likely try another operating system, but it has hurt my opinion about the quality of Lenovos.I suggest you look for something else.EDIT - 12/8/2011After playing around with different options, I have found gotten the wireless not to disconnect (though I don't know if it is a permenant fix).  I also found the issue with the unreadable DVDs (long folder name in a subfolder - though Windows XP had no problems).  So is the issue Windows 7 is more finicky and I should not be blaming Lenovo?  I tend to group the computer and OS together unless I planned on using another OS.  In any case, with the problems (at least for now fixed), I feel comfortable updating the rating from 2 stars to 3 stars.  Why not 4 or more?  Because:A brand new system really should not be giving me issues that every other device connected to my wireless do not.  A brand new system should not give me issues with DVDs that an older OS has no problems with.  Finally, I did try to run Linux from a bootable CD and it did not run well (so this computer is not non-Windows friendly).  For all that, I'll do 3 stars.