This is a review of both (1) The Amazon Seller, "GW Store" and (2) Lenovo build quality and warranty service.(1) Good(2) Really BADThat's it in a nutshell. Interested in details? Read on.To be fair, I should be clear that the Amazon Seller, "GW Store" made available to me every option they could offer in helping me deal with the problems. They sell a Lenovo X230 Tablet that is well spec'd and was just what I needed for an extended trip abroad. That was the "Good". It was a "3434-CTO" unit and came with just a 1 year depot warranty.Lenovo? The feature set looked to be exactly what was necessary for my needs. When the unit arrived, however, it died just a few hours out of the box. I contacted Lenovo support, and we agreed it was a dead main board. I contacted GW Store about a replacement. and they were out of stock and could not say they would have a new shipment in time to meet my fast approaching departure date. So, I sent it to Lenovo for warranty repair. I had about 3 weeks and surely it would be OK.After a few days I checked the status online and found that it was on "Hold" for parts. Lenovo Memphis TN warranty facility did not have a main board? Wow. They must have been using a lot of them. I know the drill, so I called to escalate this to a manager. After a week, the board evidently came in, but then the online status screen indicated another "Hold". I quickly contacted the manager and learned it was on hold now for a cable! I explained my time constraints again and he told me that he had found 50 cables available but Memphis had been waiting on a cable to come through as usual.Altogether, the unit was at Memphis for more than two weeks.When it arrived, I began to set it up and quickly discovered that the ONLY working feature of the upper (display) assembly was the LCD and backlight. No touch, no speakers, no LED indicators (both front and back) no power-on button in tablet mode etc... Nada.At that point, I checked GW Store and they had received a shipment. I ordered a replacement overnighted and sent the first unit back. In wrapping this up with GW Store, I learned that their tech was finding Lenovo uncooperative as well.I am now traveling, and it has been 10 days with the second unit. So far, so good. If a new device works this long, it's probably OK. 90 days from now if it's still good I will feel better.