When I first saw this laptop at local electronics store, I immediately knew that this is the laptop that I will be getting. Solid build, great look, light and powerful for such a small notebook. Although my laptop arrived with the express card slot flap messed up, it did not ruin my love for this lovely laptop. The monitor is super thin and covered in one material, the keyboard area is covered in a slippery albeit comfy metal feeling material, the bottom is composed of another kind of material and the battery is in its own kind. It sounds like a clump of non matching stuff, but they fit and the design is flawless. For such a small laptop, all the necessary ports are there (vga, 2 usb, ethernet, modem, express slot, wireless, sound i/o). The monitor is super bright if you turn it all the way up, which I doubt you will. It is clean and sharp, however it doesn't glare as bad as some other types of monitor. For the keyboard, I don't know if its my hand or what, but I tend to miss a few letters when typing which may come annoying but it happens rarely and most typing program catches typos for you.My main complaint would be that Sony's crapware really clogs up the system. For the more adventurous souls out there, if you have a stand alone copy of windows vista, WIPE THE SYSTEM AND REINSTALL! I guarantee you this beast will kill your average desktop. Sony's driver website provides all the important drivers in which one should have no problem when reinstalling. Windows 7 users might have some problems as I have yet to be able to get the fn adjust brightness keys to work.The hybrid graphic switch system is really great. It switches really fast and smooth. However as per the power that is saved.. I would say it only differs by about 30 to 50 minutes of work. I have yet to really get the battery to over 5 hours. Dont' know how they adjusted it but I've only managed about 4 hours with bluetooth wireless dvd drive off, and screen to lowest. The laptop under prolonged use does not get hot. Unlike other brands of laptop that just heats up like a stove, sony did a surprisingly incredible job on heat control and truly deserves your attention.My biggest gripe on this laptop will be on the battery however. The battery takes forever to charge from 80% to 100% and loses charge quickly from 100% to 80%. It took me 5 hours just to get from 90% to 100% one time, and while off, it lost 18% in 15 hours. So somehow, the battery likes to stay below.. 80% charge.Regardless, it is an excellent laptop. Excellent build quality and great design. It is incredible !