I started looking for a replacement for my Lenovo S10 netbook about a year ago.  I thought the Microsoft Surface Pro would be great until I did a side by side comparison with my old Lenovo.  Microsoft missed the boat as a laptop or tablet.  The things I decided I would not compromise on were:Backward compatibility with software designed to run on earlier windows (turbotax 1995-2011, Roxio Media creator, etc.).  Why pay another $1000 for touch optimized software upgrades that I don't need?Clamshell design that is at home in my lap.  No chintzy kickstand crutches or paper thin touch keyboards,  no paying $150 for a keyboard that should have been included.At least an 11 inch display.At least 6 hours of run time on battery power.under 3 lbs weight.Modern desk top software that is easy to use. No Windows 8!The Samsung series 9 was what I needed at a price much lower than the Microsoft Surface Pro 2/keyboard and the application software upgrades I would need to buy to use it. Windows 7 Pro with XP mode lets me keep my old unsupported software without having a second XP machine.I have had my Samsung for a week.  It worked well from the get go. Windows 7 took a few minutes to get used to. Stable as a rock.  XP mode works with all my old stuff and runs faster than it did on the Lenovo.  i even run my Office XP. Works with Canon LIDE-80 scanner.  Works with previous years Turbotax, Family Tree Maker, and The Master Genealogist.WIFI connects well with 4 bars everywhere I've used it.Track pad responsive.  I like it.This is a very handsome machine that is made for someone who needs a serious work machine that you can pick up and go with.On the downside:Both USB jacks should be USB-3.  Have to switch things around when using scanner and printer.Power plug looks flimsy.  Gets in the way of the USB jack next to it.Power on/off switch is too small and narrow.  Have to use finger nail to depress it.Samsung is discontinuing it for a touch screen version running Windows 8.1.  A mistake in my opinion.  The NP900X3C-A04US fills the bill much better for doing serious work or serious play.The best machine out there for doing real work.