UPDATE:Two weeks shy of 1 year -- and thus almost out of warranty -- the logic board blew again. Counting the one this came with, this was the fourth to go down. Apple finally threw in the towel, and replaced the unit.  While I appreciate this, it is something that should have been done after the first replacement failed. Apple's failure to respond appropriately cost me not only time, but a significant amount of money lost when commitments couldn't be met (backing-up work means little, I've found, when you don't have a place to recover it to. Repair turnaround on this laptop averaged a week or more.) As I see it, Apple had an identified problem (witness similar complaints across the web) and their delay in acknowledging that this problem was not "fixable" was not just inconsiderate, it was irresponsible. Apple is allegedly a premium brand -- and yet they offer not only a product with quality control issues, but just-fell-off-the-back-of-a-truck customer service.Original Review: Just had the second motherboard replacement -- and this laptop is not even a year old! Also had one power cord replacement, one track pad replacement, USB port replacement...you name it, it's blown. "Genius" (sic) techs also screwed up my data recovery -- all but the most recent hour had been backed up, but I needed it -- we tried to attached the external disk drive before they sent it in, but somehow they crossed a couple of wires and fried everything. I had to pay an outside company, recommended by the Geniuses, to do data recovery. Said company explained it was not unusual for the Geniuses to screw up in this way.Searching the web, I see a lot of people have similar/identical problems with this model.Obviously, I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.However, if you want to take the risk, here are a few observations:I sent for the 13.3-inch, which in retrospect is a little tight. I probably would have sized up.I'm not crazy about the OS. It's not nearly as intuitive as they claim. And as for all the fancy finger swipes -- I just gave up and attached a mouse.(I have been a Mac desktop user for well more than 20 years, and a sporadic Mac laptop user. Right now I'm typing this on a five year old Gateway -- it ain't a Mac...but then Macs aren't Macs anymore, either.)