This notebook is probably the smallest that can reasonably be used for a full-functioned computer. When you first take it out, everyone notices, because it is so small, thin and beautiful. It is so light that you can rotate the screen and hold in one hand to read a PDF file at about the usual resolution of a 8.5 x 11" page. The machine seems similar in size to an Ipad, but with full functionality.  The 13-inch model would be too large for this.The touch screen is crystal clear and very responsive to touch control of Windows 8. (Windows 8 needs a touchscreen, with which it is very smooth.  Windows 8 is still a work in progress, though, and will be developing as time goes on. Occasionally, there are reboots needed. Also, drivers need improving; in particular, the wifi driver is flaky and needs to be updated.) The touchpad is very handy for the desktop. I find the touchpad intuitive and sensitive.The keyboard is great.  Contrary to the impressions of other reviewers, the key travel feels good to me. The layout is carefully thought-out and comfortable.  F keys are accessed by a key combination, which is fine.  It is not often that you need an F-key. The Caps-lock key is half-sized,  preventing accidental pressing. I find the keyboard very comfortable taking notes in a meeting.The battery does need frequent recharging, but there is a handy included add-on battery that can be recharged separately or concurrently with the computer. I plan to buy extras of these whenever they become available.  That should make use on long flights easily possible.The best use case for this computer is as a full-fledged computer for use on trips and taking notes at meetings. It could even be a good replacement for a pad, since it's so small.  If you have a smartphone and a multi-screen desktop, the Acer Aspire S7 covers all the other gaps between. It can easily store thousands of PDF papers indexed with a reference data base program. Photoshop and other large programs run well.  I play Portal 2 with the very nice bluetooth mouse included in the package. Also enclosed are a couple of adapters (VGA and ethernet) and a nice-feeling case.This computer is excellent; I recommend it highly!