I purchased this laptop to replace my old Gateway.The specs of this computer are fantastic!The 4GB of memory is definitely enough to run most common software. 640GBs of hard drive space is going to take a LONG time to fill.Unfortunately, the A6-3400M Accelerated Processor isn't at the top of the A6 series, but it will still help you get your tasks done. The higher processors will be found on high-end entertainment machines. I'm still happy with the chipset this laptop comes with!The AMD Radeon HD 6520G isn't top of the line either, but video quality is still pretty great! As well as gaming, I was able to run World of Warcraft (at high settings), and both Doom 3 and F.E.A.R. at medium settings each.As far as the way the laptop looks, the glossy black with silver borders looks very classy! Also, I've noticed that it prevents fingerprints on the case. That's a huge plus for me, especially coming from my old laptop which would have my fingerprints EVERYWHERE.The keyboard looks quite different than you find on most laptops. It's a full-sized keyboard with an island style number pad, which is useful for quick number typing, or whatever else you plan to do. I do have an issue with the keyboard, however: up and down arrows under the right shift key are incredibly small.The laptop is missing a fingerprint reader, which you can find on the HP DM4 series and higher end DV6s and DV7s. The 6110us doesn't come with integrated Bluetooth either. Something else that a lot of people look for is Beats Audio, which this computer doesn't have. However the built-in Altec Lansing speakers are good stock speakers, which provide decent sound quality and bass.The Windows 7 Home Premium on this laptop ships with Office 2010 starter, which is nice in some ways. It has Microsoft Word, Powerpoint and Excel, but unfortunately doesn't have all the features as the full version of Office 2010 Home and Student, Home and Business, or Professional. It will do the job if you're just planning on using it for simple tasks.Aside from the missing features which are found on higher end laptops, this machine has everything I was looking for. I'm a college student and didn't need anything super extravagant. This laptop certainly does the job, and I'm happy with my purchase.