Pros1. Portability is a very underrated advantage.  Great to use at bedside. Easy to carry around the house or in an office setting. So light, you can pick it up with one hand and lay it down on the floor while in bed without moving.2. Doesn't get Hot and you don't need a lap desk - MacBook Pro models don't get hot relative to PC's but are more hot compared to the 'Air3. Battery lasts a very long time. Lasts longer than MacBook Pro models especially retinal display4. Very Fast - solid state hard drive not a disc so very quick loadingCons1. Display isn't as nice as the MacBook Pros particularly the retinal display.2. Only two USB ports and thunderbolt  port. No SD port. No Ethernet port3. No Disc Drive "Optical Drive" but none of the new Mac lap tops (MacBook Air or MacBook Pro models) have this. Also it wouldn't be a MacBook Air if it had the disc drive(would weigh more) so it's a moot criticism. I already owned a separate disc drive than I can easy attach through a USB port and I never need to use it anyway since everyone can be downloaded online. Only time I need it is to watch DVD'sWhy Mac over PC1. No Spam - search the internet in peace without multiple pop-ups and adware slowing your computer down. No viruses2. Not Windows! - I recently experienced Windows 8 on another laptop and it is atrocious. I'm so glad I don't have to deal with Microsoft products and Windows. I can't believe they found a way to make WIndows more cumbersome3. Intuitive - Macs are designed with human intuition in mind. Everything is designed to be simple and easy to use. You don't need experience with Macs to use this. Since 2007 when Macs began to use Intel chips, the Macs took the best Windows had to offer and improved upon it. You can even buy Microsoft Office for Mac (which I have) so you lose nothing.  So if you are scared to use a Mac, you will find these new Macs are very easy to use.4. Great Service in Apple Store - if something breaks down, Apple is great about replacing parts, computers and honoring warranty.5. Reliable and Durable - My Macbook Pro from 2009 still works like it is out of the box. I just wanted a lighter smaller computer and keep my Macbook at home.