I received this laptop as a graduation present nearly one year ago to this very month. I asked for this HP Pavillion DV-4 laptop for portability, ease of use, and it's features. For about 7 months, the laptop worked marvelously. And then...The computer began to shut down automatically with nearly 80 percent battery life in it. This seems to be the only problem that this computer has is that the battery life diminishes at an alarming rate. First 2 hours fully charged, then 1 hour and 30 minutes, then 1 hour. Now, I am lucky enough to get even 15 minutes of battery life. I have to keep the computer plugged in at all times so it does not crash. Well, so much for portability.I checked my warranty last week to see if I could get a replacement battery, and found out that my warranty does not cover battery replacement. How interesting that the warranty doesn't cover the only thing that plagues my computer. Overall, this computer would have been a nice 4-star or even 5-star machine, however, the dreadful battery life has made me rate this at 2 stars, and the lack of customer support has also brought it down to 1 star. Some people may say that my review is far too biased, and I should focus on the good parts of the computer. Well, I would gladly love to, however the basic need for a working battery overshadows anything else. How can i honestly focus on the good qualities when the computer keeps crashing without the charger in?And from the reviews I am reading, I am not alone in this.Here is my review overall:PRO's:-Sleek design-Great working touchpad-Very good ram, able to run multiple programs without any problems-Good speakers-Okay webcamCON's:-TERRIBLE battery-The two lone USB ports are too close together; you can only use one at a time (which brings up the question: what's the point of the second USB port?)-Wifi isn't too good; sometimes the connection will be lost for no reason.-A bit of a fingerprint magnetUPDATE:The computer has now officially died: it no longer turns on, plugged in or not. I will never buy from HP again.