I bought one of these refurbished. An Expresso black polished body wrapped an i5 processor, 6 GB memory and 640 GB 5400 rpm HDD.Construction:The aluminum encased body feels sturdy and light weight. There is very tiny flex on the keyboard and palm rests. While I would not label it a fingerprint magnet, some fingerprints are definitely visible and the case will need some periodic wiping. While the overall construction looks very good, the very discerning will definitely note that it does not have the finesse of Macs. But at less than half the price of a Mac, there is no room for grumbling on this count.Connectivity:It comes with two USB 3.0 and one mini-display ports to ensure it does not become technologically obsolete in a year or two. It also has the standard HDMI, USB 2.0 and SD card reader ports. The processor is also Widi enabled. It does not have VGA or DVI ports.Audio/Video:The display is gorgeous and the audio, while not spectacular, is very good and is loud enough without the headphones. The web camera is also good for video chats.Keyboard/Touchpad.The touchpad is smooth and the sensitivity can be configured through the Windows Mobility center. The touchpad buttons though are really hard and clicking on the outer edges of these buttons will give you sore fingers. You have to press them around the middle or inner edge to be kinder to your fingers. The keyboard is good though I felt it could have been a touch softer to type (I have a Lenovo Ideapad where using the keyboard is a real joy).Wifi:The wifi is pretty good and I did not have any issues using it.Battery:Battery life is very good and I get by 5-6 hours on a charge with medium level of processing.Performance:The laptop did not come with much bloatware and the boot up is pretty fast (remember this is 5400 rpm drive). I have some occassional issues with the CapsLock key wherein pressing it removes the focus in text editors. But it is just a minor hindrance.Conclusion:This laptop is sturdy, lightweight, and arrayed with the latest ports. Because of a few minor issues (stiff touchpad buttons, capslock key issues and need for occassional cleaning of case to remove fingerprints), I will give it 4 stars instead of 5. (Note that my laptop has the i5 processor. This is a review of the Inspiron 14z - N411Z model -  in general).