I love the phrase price point or value for the price. It could be interpreted to mean junk and that's just what this laptop is.Pros: Nice ergonomics, but then there's the computer...Cons: H-O-R-R-I-B-L-E battery. BIOS freezes. Truly lousy support. Touchpad.Summary: Round #1- Samsung usually makes good stuff. So I took a chance, especially at a good 'price point'. I'm an idiot. The battery is h-o-r-r-i-b-l-e! With no peripherals attached, no programs going except a browser, and the screen dimmed to about 40%, I get way less than an hour on a charge, 46-57 minutes. Called Samsung for support and I have to ship it back, 7-10 days. Now who believes that! She takes my email and says she'll email me a label right away. You got it- 12 hours later, no label. And, yes, I checked my spam folder.Round #2 - Upgrading the RAMOh, a sub $400 laptop from samsung but only 4 gb ram. There's that 'price point' stuff again. No biggie, I'll just put in another 4 gb. Samsung's user manual says be sure to use same maker and timing for both chips. Easy. I order 2X4gb by Corsair from Amazon. The manual says 8500, so that's what I order. While waiting for the mem to come, I decide to open it up. I find a Samsung 10600 4 gb chip. Return the chips and order same brand but 10600. I boot up but it'll only read 4 gb. Turns out it only takes samsung chips. Thanks, Samsung, for telling me in the manual that the chips have to be SAMSUNG chips.Round #3 - BIOS freezes. That's a new one on me after building computers since 1988. I haven't investigated that one yet, but given the 'price point'...Round #4 - I started writing this 15 minutes ago. The battery was at 50%. now it's down to 22%. Ouch, that 'price point' bit me hard this timeRound #5 - When touched, the touch pad will not show the cursor where you wanted it. Actually it is there, Samsung just wants to entertain with an new game- Touchpad Magician.For some reason, the cursor moves to where you want it, but it's invisible because if you start typing, the letters show up where you want them.Think hard before you believe any stuff about great price point and value on this one. Shoot, out of juice. Gotta stop. Remember that price point. It gives a nasty bite.