My White Unibody Macbook from 2009, which was my first mac, was unable to update any software or connect to a server and the bottom was falling off so I thought it would be a great time to upgrade. I am sure glad that I did and it is a huge upgrade.Weight: It's lightweight which makes it perfect for traveling.  I'm a professional musician for a living and plan on taking this on the road with me to work on music projects. It folds down nicely but there is still some substance to the machine which I love. It doesn't feel flimsy at all. I've also noticed that it doesn't heat up like my old macbook did. It's cool as a cucumber, even when running some light games. The only time I've noticed it slightly hotter is when the battery is plugged in or installing apps.Battery Life: The battery life is AMAZING! I have yet to hit below 50% in a day of heavy web surfing, emailing, Garageband, light gaming, and Finale (music notation software). If you are someone that travels and will not have access to an outlet for long periods of time, I would highly recommend this laptop.Fast!: The flash storage makes opening applications and documents significantly faster than on my White Macbook. I can also tell that the Wi-fi is a little faster as well. While writing this review I had both open and the air had a faster load time. Everything seems to be more zippy if you will and it's so clean.Storage: I was worried at first that 128GB would not be enough. However, if you are using this as just a basic computer without heavy programs it will be plenty. I couldn't justify an extra $200 for 128GB more of memory. With external hard drive prices coming way down, I will buy one if I am running low on storage. I'm struggling to find things to fill it with. With movies and music in the cloud, and helpful storage apps like dropbox and google drive I definitely do not foresee it being a problem.I am very happy that I chose the Air over the Macbook Pro and Macbook Pro with Retina display. The battery life and weight were what sold it for me, and it is also currently the cheapest option. If you really need the disc drive you can purchase one from apple for about $79 but there are cheaper alternatives. So glad I picked this laptop and as always apple has great customer service and wonderful software included like Garageband, iPhoto, iMovie, Pages, and Numbers.If you are coming from a PC you won't regret it. This is my second Mac and I don't think I'll ever go back.