This is my first Samsung product.Samsung seems to have a good reputation for TV's and cell phones and other electronics.So I bit on this one.  Fortunately paid only $249.00 new.Replaced my Toshiba Vista laptop.Well, Windows 8 is awful.  But that has nothing to do with this laptop (I think).This laptop is a bottom budget laptop and it really shows.All of the components are minimal or marginal.  It is a laptop.  That's it.Reading up on the CPU apparently the Intel Celeron is a better CPU then this AMD in this Samsung laptop.This Samsung laptop is slow and clunky.  I use cable broadband from two different companies in two different states. No, not at the same time.Actually got a new router and broadband modem at one place as I thought issues might be there.  No it is this laptop.Got a black screen once and nothing I could do would get the screen to show up.  Finally after multiple attempts manual on/off unplug etc.  did get screen back.  This has never happened with my previous 3 laptops. Different brands.This laptop does have a good amount of RAM and an HDMI port.I have had this laptop for over a year now.  Only use rarely but for long periods of time when I do.I can't recommend this laptop.I actually reformatted the hard drive (back to out of box) as I thought maybe some software I had on this was causing issues.Note:  For those looking for the reformat disk - it is not there.  The reformat is built into the software of this Samsung laptop. No disk required.  All in on the software built into this Samsung laptop.I will dump this laptop once Microsoft comes out with Windows 9 or whatever the next full version is. I will make sure to check the processor before purchasing any low end laptop.  My last laptop was a low end Toshiba and that worked better then this newer Samsung with same internet connections and mostly same programs.Take a step up and skip over this Samsung and this AMD processor.Samsung missed the boat with this laptop and Samsung has tarnished it's reputation.