This laptop tends to be one of the least expensive ones available, but seems to have all the capacity of many much more expensive computers.It's main fault is its touch pad. The touch pad is not defined and so made for an unsatisfactory experience from the beginning. The control bar was also difficult to depress - left/right. It was very unresponsive. Then, about a week after I bought the unit, the touch pad failed altogether. I was unable to use it to move the cursor. I was glad I had taken the vendor's advice and bought a wireless mouse which I immediately switched over to using. I suggest you automatically get a separate mouse with this unit.This is a bit of an annoyance because the laptop only has three USB ports. With my printer in one and the add-on wireless mouse in another, I'm left with only one available port. But that's OK. You can always buy expansion ports if you have more devices you want to plug in.The standard KWERTY keyboard keys are themselves responsive though, and it's generally a pleasure to type and compose on this machine. My only criticism - the shift key and the "enter" key are juxtaposed so that it's easy to hit one when you want the other. The keyboard layout could have been designed a little better.This Hewlett-Packard comes with a fair amount of bundled software in it, including a very serviceable version of Microsoft Word. The vendor tried to convince me that I would need to buy an extra, up-dated version of Microsoft Word for this computer, but that is not the case. I was also told that no software published prior to 2000 would work on this computer. Well, some will. So before you go to the expense of buying any new software for this Windows 7 unit, I suggest you thoroughly explore what is already included with it and what you can run on it from your old collection. You might be pleasantly surprised to find most of your favorite old programs from Windows '98 through Windows XP WILL run on this laptop.The unit gets me onto the Internet speedily, without any need for upgrades to my equipment. It is also fairly quick and intuitive when it comes to setting it up and transferring files to. I was able to unpack it and get going with it on-line in less than an hour.So overall, this model laptop seems to be an excellent value.