The title says it all. This laptop would have been ok as a basic laptop if it did not have the clunky Windows 8 software that slows everything down to a crawl. You'll have to add more memory if you want to use Windows 8. It was an ok buy at $240 as I wanted to spend the least possible for a laptop to surf on the couch and just leave it there.As others have mentioned, this is not the best laptop for portability and you will be better off looking at Chromebooks and slightly higher price point Asus/Acer etc. This is not even a desktop replacement as it is way too slow and not too responsive. I bought another Lenovo for my teen that was slightly over $300 with an Intel dual core processor and similar specs but it is much, much faster, as it runs on Windows 7. It also has a better build quality and some nice Lenovo extras like ThinkLight and Fingerprint reader. The only reason I did not go for the Chromebook which was at a similar price point is that I wanted to use MS Office on this laptop and be able to burn CDs/DVDs if needed.The laptop would have not been half bad with Windows 7 but Windows 8 is top heavy and slows it down to a crawl. Even email takes a while to open. It is even slower than a 10 year old Dell that has been knocking around the house. The first thing you need to do is get rid of the Toshiba bloatware and uninstall Norton, and use some other virus softwares that don't slow down the system as much. I bought add-on RAM memory today on another reviewer's suggestion, let's see if it gets any better with it!One other note on Windows 8. This O/S is really meant for a touch screen computer, it is very inconvenient if you're just using the mousepad as the side bar keeps popping up every time I am scrolling down a webpage. Typical Microsoft. Windows 8 needs at least 6GB of RAM to perform with the speed you are used to from Windows 7, and then to load it on a system with a 2GB AMD chip is just wrong.Overall, get this system only if the price is below $250. I rated it 3/5 as I did get it for a lower price. Had I paid over $300 for it I would rate it 1.5/5.