I had my eye on one of these for a while, and finally picked one up when the harddrive on my Sony Vaio got corrupted.To give a little background on myself and what I need out of a computer, I own my own business and also work in the wireless communications industry. I use a computer pretty heavily in both of my occupations, as well as use Adobe Photoshop and some other video editing software as well. Let me just say if you are concerned with being "limited" in your activities using one of these- don't be.There is an app for nearly everything that you could possibly hope to do with a "normal computer." Google Docs, Google Sheets, and Google Slides take care of Microsoft Office. Pixlr editor is a free photo-editing app that has about 85% of the capability of Adobe Photoshop- and it's free. Tons of productivity and business apps. If you have an Android smartphone and are utilizing any of the Google apps such as Drive, Keep, Gmail, Maps, Calendars, you will find that all of your stuff syncs up beautifully between your phone and your Chromebook. You also get 100gb of Drive storage space for free for 2 years when you purchase your Chromebook, which is more than I will personally ever need. Using drive on your phone you can access any of your stuff anywhere, anytime.Despite some other reviews, I do not personally feel that the processor is inadequate. No hiccups while watching Netflix or YouTube. You can also watch videos/movies saved to an external harddrive, as long as they are a supported filetype. All of the major ones are supported.Sure, it doesn't have an optical drive. There is almost no reason to have one anymore. It is light, it is extremely thin, there are no annoying fans. I will take that over the ability to insert a CD or DVD any day. My fiance that owns a Macbook (that have notoriously nice keyboards) continuously comments on how nice the keyboard on the Chromebook feels.In short, if you aren't a fan of Google, need an optical drive for some reason, or feel the need to download every program that you have to use or use specific programs that there are no alternatives to, this may not be the computer for you. But I would say for 90% of all computer users, for $248 you absolutely cannot beat it.