Let me tell you a story. A great many years ago, I had an IBM T30. That thing was a tank. It got dropped, battered, and abused. At one point it even flew out of a bicycle toddler trailer and into the middle of a road with very minimal damage. After the life that thing lived in my care, I sold it to a friend, who abused it for 5 more years before the motherboard gave up.After that machine, I was sold on Thinkpads, and I saved up to custom build a T61. I ordered mine direct from Lenovo and had it customized... 4GBs of RAM, nVidia graphics, Windows XP.. Later on, I put a 500GB hard drive in it and Windows 7.Lenovo carried on IBM's legacy with the Thinkpads. The quality on this unit is fantastic.The casing is solid and reliable, all of the components are incredibly reliable. I've never had an issue with my T61.This thing has been taken all over, dropped, stepped on, and battered. And it's taken all of this abuse with just one little piece of plastic breaking off. The lid hinges are solid stainless steel, the top is solid magnesium, the bottom is thick rugged plastic. This is one well built laptop.The nVidia NVS Quadro graphics used to be able to play most games with ease. The most modern of games tax it pretty heavily though. Considering it's a business laptop and not really a gaming one, this is pretty good.All features work well on it, including the kinda gimmicy keyboard light, which actually is quite helpful in the dark. Parts are readilly availble for it as well, so it's an easy machine to fix.Lenovo's support is second to none. After reinstalling Windows on this machine, the only thing you need to download is the Lenovo update utility and it will take care of the rest. Never seen another manufacture do that!The only things I've really had issue with is the power supply, which failed on me after a couple of years, and the sound card, which, like most modern systems, is this little Realtek thing that sounds terrible.But, those are my only real complaints. This poor laptop has been through a lot, and it's been a tough little beast.I would recommend this product.