I just wanted to start out by saying this is my first written review, but I feel that I have to comment on what a great machine this Macbook Pro is. As my title says this is the first Mac I have ever owned. I have used PCs my entire life and I can't believe how much better a Mac is. My last laptop I had was an HP and when I first used this new Macbook I couldn't believe what a difference there was just from doing the simplest of tasks. I can't believe how fast this Macbook starts up and shuts down. My HP laptop would take forever to start up and shut down which got pretty annoying at times. Even trying to do simple tasks the HP laptop would constantly freeze or lock up quite often.Another really annoying thing with my HP laptop was that it would always heat up pretty bad where my palm would rest below the keyboard after using it for a little while. I would then have to put it to sleep and wait for the laptop to cool down before using it again. I haven't had any heat issues with the Macbook and it's so nice not having to put it to sleep and wait for it to cool down. I've had this Macbook for about 2 weeks now and have had zero problems with it. I can't believe how smoothly it runs and how fast it is at doing everything. Since I have always used Windows switching from that interface to the Mac interface has been very different for me. However I'm getting the hang of it now and it's amazing how simple everything on the Mac interface is to use.I also wanted to comment on just what a great looking machine it is. I love the aluminum finish to it and I would definitely recommend paying a little more for the Macbook Pro over the white Macbook. The aluminum finish alone is worth the extra money. I also wanted to throw in for those who might be interested in doing a little gaming on the Macbook that it runs games pretty well. I recently downloaded the Starcraft II beta and I was able to run the game very good on medium settings without any slowdown. Overall I would highly recommend this Macbook Pro to anyone interested in getting a new Macbook or switching from a PC to Mac for the first time as I have. Now that I know how great Macs are I will never buy another PC again.