I've been using the computer for just over two weeks now and love it!  When I first purchased a laptop in 2007, my main objective was to get something powerful for online gaming.  At that time I was playing World of Warcraft, and the rig I had purchased harnessed more than enough power to handle it smoothly.  Most people into PC gaming though, are well aware that WoW is not a very graphically intensive game.  So what I ended up with was a laptop that was great for playing games at my desk at home, but not practical at all for any other purpose.  It was too cumbersome, weighed somewhere in the neighborhood of 15 pounds, had a 17 inch screen and a 10"x3x"4" "Brick" that was part of the power cord.  So I essentially had a "mobile computer", that wasn't really mobile at all which I spent far too much money on and turned out being a lemon after 6 months with horrible customer support.  But I'm not writing this review on that laptop, I'm just trying to give you a little history on what motivated me to buy this particular laptop.  So, back to the original topic at hand...the product review.This time around when I decided to purchase another laptop I decided to go with something smaller, lighter weight and powerful enough to handle today's games without going too far over the top on the hardware.  One of the main problems I've noticed with buying what is regarded as "today's most powerful computer" is that the more powerful the rig, the bigger it gets.  This laptop seems to be a perfect balance between the two for me.  The size is right, so the computer is mobile and it has pretty decent graphics power.  The first thing I installed was "Rift", which is an MMO similar in gameplay to World of Warcraft but far more graphically demanding.  I'm currently running this game on the highest factory setting without going into custom settings and the game is running beautifully!  The computer design is also quite unique and very appealing.  It also comes with a backpack/carrying case which makes the computer mobile in less than a minute.I would recommend this laptop to anyone who wants a decent machine without spending a fortune on any of the top end models.  My intentions are to try a few different MMOs, trade stocks and take online classes and I'm sure this computer has the power to handle any of those tasks.  This makes my 5th computer/laptop and I'm extremely pleased with it so far!