I got this laptop as a present for my wife. She loves pink and her old laptop is getting on 6 years so its way past time she get a new one. For the price this seemed like a great deal but I've received two units and am currently in the process of returning the second, this time for a refund.The first unit I received had numerous problems. Every time the computer would boot the ASUS update utility would try to run and would freeze the computer. Eventually I reset Windows 8 and the update utility would still freeze but wouldn't freeze the computer and I'd just kill the process.The mouse pad was a special kind of hell where it would randomly pick up movement even when you weren't touching it. So anytime you would type it would spaz out the mouse which would run all over clicking on random things making you re-select the field you were trying to type in to begin with.The wifi card is fairly strong, when it works. On my model it would keep losing connection until I disabled it and reconnected. This happened every ten to fifteen minutes, sparse enough to keep you trying to surf, often enough to make you want to throw the unit at the wall. The unit suffered from a few other oddities such as freezing up randomly.The second unit I received didn't suffer from quite so many maladies but had its fair share. The mouse pad still acted up but was usable most of the time. However the wireless card was still pretty bad. Every few minutes it would stop loading pages however instead of saying it'd lost connection it would just refuse to load pages. Disconnecting and reconnecting usually fixed the problem otherwise we'd have to restart the laptop.I used to be a really big fan of ASUS but between this model and some other recent experiences I've had with the brand it saddens me to say I'll be shying away from it going forward.However this experience has made me extremely glad I shop for these things at Amazon. While it does suck that I can't handle the laptop before purchasing, the return policy for defective units is the best. I've had similar experiences in the past with big box stores that just ended up extremely frustrating, but I don't ever get that with Amazon.tl;drCrappy mouse pad and unreliable wifi will drive you crazy, buy a different laptop.