I bought this laptop after my desktop started acting strange. I was paranoid about something happening with my computer, because I am in college so I decided to buy a laptop for school only purposes. So I bought this one. I didn't get it on Amazon. I bought it at Best Buy. It was around the same price, so I figured it was whatever price wise. I wanted something simple. Nothing super fancy with a whole bunch of bells and whistles. This one was cheaper, and had what I was looking for. I am not a fan of windows 8, and beware this is not a touchscreen. It does get the job done however if you just want to browse and use it for simple basic jobs like Facebook surfing, tumblr, Twitter, email, schoolwork with online labs, and word processing, etc... The video can lag a bit. I don't really use it for video so it doesn't bother me in the slightest. Tried out the webcam on skype with a friend and one of the earlier reviewers is right. The webcam is not that great. If you want to use it (the built in webcam), I  recommend trying it first to see if you can deal with the immense video lag, but you may want to look into purchasing a separate one. I have a logitech webcam and it installs and works just fine onto the computer. The screen is bright and sharp. Its not dim that you can't see, and it's not too bright that white backgrounds seem like they are blinding you. Mine has an excellent battery, lasted five hours on a full charge. I was able to get my homework done when that horrible snow storm hit. I live near Philly, so my power was knocked out for days. I was still able to type up essays and save them to my flash drive. The speakers are not the greatest, but if you mostly wear headphones on your laptop like I do, the not so great speakers are not an issue. Overall, it's not a bad little machine if you use it for basic needs. It's not a gaming PC or any type of entertainment laptop. It's just a simple basic laptop. I recommend it for students not looking for a lot of high tech add ons. I have a desktop for that stuff. ^_^ I should also add I have had this laptop for almost a year now, and I have had not a single problem. Works just as good as when I took it out of the box, and just as fast. Hasn't slowed down at all. Just make sure you know what you are looking for when you go to purchase your laptop. It's a very basic laptop. I bought this with that intent in mind since I do nothing but school only work on this.