This laptop bluescreened within three hours of me turning it on for the very first time.  The dell support has been atrocious.  They delayed so long with callbacks and tests that I was out of the thirty day return policy before it was all done.  I got the two-year warranty but they refuse to take the laptop back and replace it.  It took me three months to convince them to replace the hard drive and the RAM.  Even then it took me demanding to talk to a supervisor and explaining that the computer froze on startup BEFORE reaching the Windows Startup screen and also froze whenever I tried to run check disk.I replaced the RAM and the hard drive.  That's when the random shutdowns started happening.  The computer, whether it was on battery or AC power, would just randomly shut off.  It would happen when the battery was completely removed, too.  All of the lights on the computer (the two hinge lights, the 'dashbord' lights, the light on the power button and the lights on the mouse and keyboard) just died and the computer wouldn't respond.  If I hit the power button, it would turn on again and give the 'windows did not shut down properly' so I knew it wasn't going into hibernate or some similar nonsense.  It took me four more months to convince dell that this was a real problem.  This time it took a two-hour call to tech support and demanding to talk to a supervisor, which I never got to do, for them to arrange for an on-site technician to replace the motherboard.They sent an EXCELLENT technician out, can't say enough praises about him, to replace the motherboard.  This work was done fast and the on-site technician was friendly and knowledgeable.Ever since the motherboard was replaced the computer begins to beep randomly and the sound sometimes glitches.  The beeps are incredibly distracting and I feel like I'm working on a bomb that's about to explode.  Sometimes the beeps can be stopped by blowing into the fan port...of which there is ONE.  This is a design flaw I'll go into in a moment.  The beeping is not coming from the speakers due to the fact that it continues even when the speakers have been turned off during shutdown.The laptop overheats at the drop of a hat.  Why?  Because the single fan port is COMPLETELY blocked by the screen when the laptop is open.  And I mean completely.The area the touchpad is on is a glossy black finish that shows dirt if you so much as breathe on it.  I've had to get a pair of fingerless gloves just so I can stand resting my hands on the surface, since it feels sticky and grimy after even ten minutes of use.Horribly designed, horribly made and horribly supported piece of junk.  Avoid unless you get one for free, even then, it'll be more aggravation than it's worth.