The reviews here are for the MD313LL/A, yet the computer is actually MD314LL/A, which has a faster processor and bigger hard drive.The MD314LL/A features a 2.8 GHz i7 processor, integrated Intel 3000 graphics and a 750 GB hard drive.  I've never owned an Apple laptop before, so there was a little bit of a learning curve.  Now that I'm getting the hang of it, I'm beginning to like OSX Lion better than Windows.  Programs can be run on separate virtual desktops, and the computer never misses a beat when several programs are active.  Switching between different desktops or open programs can be done by merely sliding three fingers forward on the large touchpad.  Control-clicking on words or phrases in Safari brings up a context sensitive menu which allows the user to select to view a dictionary, Wikipedia, or do a Google search in a pop-up window in the browser. You can also ask the computer to speak the word or phrase, if you have any doubts about pronunciation.  Safari also includes links to a library of plug-ins at extensions.apple.com, which includes a plug-in for Flash, so you can now watch free Hulu videos and other videos online.  The network preferences window makes it far easier than Windows to set up a list of public DNS servers to bypass the sometimes slow, glitchy ISP servers.This computer is completely silent. I wasn't even sure it had a cooling fan until I downloaded a utility to monitor the fan speed.  This computer is super fast, and the base plate never gets more than lukewarm.  The light weight, small footprint, lighted keyboard, crisp screen and speed really make this computer shine.The attention to detail is really outstanding.  The cooling vents on the back of the base are completely covered by a sliding plate when the lid is closed, keeping dust out of the innards. The power supply has flip out legs for winding the cord for storage and the prongs can be removed so it can be used as a brick type supply with the supplied AC cord. The computer also has a green LED battery status gauge built into the left side of the base, which is activated by a flush button.  The lid snaps shut quietly even though there are no cheesy stick-on rubber bumpers, and it is held closed by magnets. The built in light sensor shuts off the keyboard backlighting and brightens the display in bright ambient light. The computer also has a 3 axis accelerometer to protect the hard drive from damage. The attention to detail is why Macs are more expensive than the various PC clones.