My IdeaPad Ultrabook comes with 8GB of DRAM, 32 GB SSD, 1 TB HDD, Windows 7 Home Premium 64 bits.(1) Right of the bat, I had to install tons of  updates from Windows. That's understandable and typical for Windows PC and I have no problem with that. The thing I want to complain about is the updates keep failing. And When Windows tells you there are xnumber of updates are available, I just pick a number for the purpose of explaining, says 64 updates are available, if somewhere along the line, just 1 update failed, the whole thing crashed. When you reboot the computer, the Lenovo automatically restores to the old software or driver. For example if the first 30 updates were successful and the 31st update failed, when you reboot the computer, it will restore the 30 successful updates back to the previous version without asking you want to keep the 30 good updates of not. The only way to get around is to run the update ONE BY ONE if you don't want to junk all the good updates that were successfully installed.(2) I like to leave comments on Yahoo! News stories and also leave comments on Facebook. This damn Lenovo always always and always freezes when I leave comments on Yahoo! stories or Facebook. I've searched on Google and even the Windows/MS website for a solution. Nothing ever works.(3) So when Windows 8 came out, I was among the first user to upgrade my IdeaPad to Windows 8 hoping to fix all my problems once and for all. Not only all my problems are still there, now I have a very tough time to connect to the internet. Although the signal strength are at full bars on the status line. The Lenovo refuses to connect and keeps saying no internet connection. Or if I'm lucky enough to get this ultrabook to connect, within minutes the connection will crap out. although as I said earlier, the signal strength is always full, you can't get the signal strength any fuller. In the end I had to get rid off Windows 8 and fall back to Windows 7. Of course I had to reinstall the hundreds of Windows updates ONE BY ONE. It took me weeks to get all the updates installed.(4) Lately I've begun to receive error that says something about VBasic cannot be found or something to that extent Of course I've searched on the internet for solution(s). There are some suggestions but none ever work as expected.To sum it up, this Lenovo IdeaPad U410 is a piece of crap. It's only 6 months old but I'm dreadful to turn it on. Sometimes I just let it sits collecting dust for 3 or 4 weeks without turning it on. Because if I gathered enough courage to turn it on, I'd likely have to turn it off within 15 minutes. So why bother?