I just upgraded from the 2011 15 inch 2.0ghz MBP to the 2011 2.2 mostly because of the graphics card upgrade to a full gb. I also installed a new owc 240 gb mercury extreme pro 6g ssd along with 8gb of memory. To me it didnt make a whole lot of sense to spend that much money on extras and not go for the higher end model 15 inch.Ill be honest the 2.0 ghz version with 256mb of vmemory was more than enough and performs very well in comparison to the 2.2 version. Most people would never know the difference if they took the pepsi challenge.I am a label whore however and I couldnt sleep at night knowing there was more out there.The smart move and most cost effective however wouldve been to upgrade the 2.0 version mbp with probably the most stable and most reliable ssd in my opinion on the market and thats the samsung 470. it has a 3gbs data transfer rate so its not as fast as those in sata III and at 6gbps but again the difference in real world computing scenarios is negligible. It isnt however apple friendly and neither are the firmware updates if you have a mac.I wanted the fastest while  still conserving some reliability so an OWC ssd with a five year warranty and excellent customer service and the latest firmware included before shipment was the obvious choice over an OCZ. Both ssds are sata III and have a 6gbps data transfer rate.No other upgrade will make a bigger difference in the performance of your computer than an ssd. Dont waste your money on a substandard apple offering though, there's a lot better offerings in both ssds and memory out there.I will also never purchase another computer through anyone other than Amazon.My first 2011 mbp in 2.2 ghz showed up after riding around in a ups truck in 115 degree Phoenix heat all day...I dont know how hot the inside of the truck was where the cargo is kept but the computer on arrival was nearly too hot to handle with my bare hands, I knew there would be issues.The display was loose and unstable when opened and the battery took a health hit showing just 90% health...unacceptable for a brand new 2000 dollar computer.I had zero problems getting a replacement and a morning delivery time. It was sent and arrived in one business day, and before I could send UPS's goof back to amazon...I was already using my new one. The reliability, discount, plus zero tax always makes me wonder why anyone would buy anywhere else. Any way just my thoughts hope they may help someone.I did take one star for price and the cost of the apple name and like I said I wouldve been just as happy with the performance of the 2.0 ghz version if i werent so neurotic.Just one more quick edit...the free upgrade to lion from apple's website couldn't be easier.