I was a Windows user for 15 years.  Although interested in a Mac, compatibility with the Windows network at my office made me hesitate.  I'm now retired and since my ThinkPad was getting on (and acting up), I went with the MacBook.I was surprised at the marked superiority of the Mac right out of the box.  By "superior" I mean in all material respects--both hardware and software.  I realize some IT types, gamers and others may see some advantages to Windows, but I see none for a user like me (primarily internet, email, iTunes, word processing and photos).  It was a revelation to find a computer so stable and user friendly.  Other adjectives that come to mind:  Solid, Fast, Fun, Pretty, Snappy, Sleek.  From frustration to the sublime.I could go on describing the improved design, but let me give just one, seemingly trivial but representative, example.  I don't like trackpads, so I use a mouse.  In Windows several steps were needed to disable the trackpad and enable the mouse.  On a couple of occasions I forgot the mouse and had to enable the trackpad using keystrokes.  Frustrating and time consuming.  I ordered a wireless mighty mouse with the MacBook and enabled it in 30 seconds.  While searching Help to disable the trackpad, I noticed it was already disabled.  Then I realized it was automatically disabled when the mouse was added.  Then I learned  it was automatically enabled when the mouse was turned off or moved away from the computer.  Such a simple solution, but apparently lost on the Windows engineers.Finally--the operating system and compatibility.  The Mac OS is different from Windows and takes some getting used to.  But not as much as I expected due to the intuitive nature of the Mac, the actually helpful Help menu and the hundreds of very well done tutorials on the Apple web site.  As to compatibility, the Office for Mac suite does the trick, but know there is a different interface for Word, Excel and Power Point, so there is a learning curve for editing.  But I had no problem opening and editing documents,spreadsheets and presentations in Office Mac and sending them back to Windows, and vice versa.In short, my apprehensions about making the switch proved groundless, while being treated to a distinct upgrade in product.  Go ahead and do it.  You'll be glad you did.