It's not perfect everybody knows that. Nothing in this world is perfect, but sometimes you just find something that just works for you. This computer just works for me.- I bike everywhere I go, even though I have a car, because it's fun. The thing about biking everywhere and leaving your house for the whole day is packing everything into your one bag. The MBA packs really really well leaving you PLENTY of space for everything else.-I multi-task a lot and the new Lion capabilities of full screen applications let's me do that even more. Going between the 5-10 PDF's and reading them is very easy using Lion's Gesture control and running . The upgrade to a standard of 4GB of RAM from 2GB was an absolute necessity because I am constantly using at least 3GB of RAM or higher while working.-I've never owned an Apple laptop and I love the light up keyboard. It's great because I tend to study late.-It pretty much does everything you want to do of the basics and can even handle HD Netflix streaming, but it does start up the fan into high gear and heats up the computer, but that's the only time it ever does. 95% of the time it runs silent (and I mean absolutely silent because that was a pet peeve of mine from my older laptops) making me love this thing even more.There are way more in depth reviews around here so I won't try to be an expert. Just as a regular person and student doing regular things, this computer does all you need. I don't play Games and I don't do video editing or complicated photoshop stuff on a day to day basis so this works great as my daily driver. I also say this from laptop experience.-I bought an Asus netbook and hated it because it was loud, heavy for its size, clunky, awkward, and shut down on me at random times. I eventually sold that thing on craigslist.-I owned a CR-48 (original chromebook) and the Samsung Series 5 Chromebook and realized I wasn't going to be able to multitask the way I wanted and it was still too much to carry on my back and bike with.I eventually just decided I was going to wait for this laptop and hope for the best. I got the best I could hope for and I love it.