Let me start by saying that our home is all on the 'dark-side' and we have any number of Apple-based computers.  I still wanted a mobile, small, lightweight PC to use with software that comes in PC form.  The Aspire S3 comes close - far from perfect, but it will do for what I need.  The form-factor is nice - I especially like the aluminum lid - but he rest of the machine does feel pretty plasticky - it is really a plastic body, with an aluminum sheet on the lid.  It does not carry the robust feel of my Macbook Air - so I sometimes feel I have to treat it somewhat gingerly.  Everything works fine (once you remove all the bload-ware that comes pre-loaded) - I was a bit surprised by how often the heat fan kicks in even when doing the most basic tasks.  The battery life is at best 'OK' - so far I am lucky to get much more than a couple of hours out of it when browsing or word-processing.  Would not call it lightning fast - resume from sleep is fast, but performance is again 'OK'.  There are a couple of things I don't particularly like about the design - first the touchpad is on the one hand way to sensitive - it's easy to move the cursor or accidentally click while typing or moving around the screen.  On the other hand the touchpad is a bit stiff when you want to right-click - you really have to press quite hard - which is especially difficult when trying to select a region.  If you use a mouse, it is much easier.  The other thing I don't care for in the design is the positioning of the USB ports at the back.  They are stiff (tough to get the cables in and out) and they are too close to the power cable - which has a big old connector that gets in the way.  You have to arrange the cables in such a way that the machine sits flat on the desk.  For $900 it is a bit on the pricy side when compared to what you can get from Apple (admitedly their equivalents are over $1000) - so if I were chosing I would probably save for a couple more months and spring for the Mac.  Peformance-wise you can get the same for much less than $900 in the PC world - but if small form-factor and relative light weight is a big deal, then this machine is pretty good.  In short, you are paying to for the cool 'Air-like' look - but that look is pretty superficial - a bit like having a sexy Mustang, but with a Ford Focus engine in it.