I have had my 13" MBA for a month and am using it to replace an iPad, whose virtues are considerable but I decided I wanted a more conventional laptop for reasons I will detail below.With an upgrade to Mavericks, my new MBA's software is current, but I should note I opted for the low-end machine since I wanted maximum battery life and minimal weight. I was taken by claims of a PC magazine review which claimed 12-14 hours of battery life for the new MBA. I wanted all-day battery life so I would not have to bring the charger along (or so I wouldn't panic when I forgot it). It does that, though there have been a couple of close calls when I do 15-hour days. I was struck by the positive review in this specific publication--in fact it rated the MacBook Pro higher than 9 other Windows machines ([...] Perhaps we can get past the silly PC-Mac wars of yesteryear: according to PC Magazine, Apple builds top-drawer laptops.The 13" MBA has longer battery life and a back-lit display, as well as the larger screen. My wife has an 11" MBA but that did not interest me.  I would have liked the "Retina" display, which is not currently available in the Air, but not at the price of reduced battery life. It will be a while, I suspect, before we can get 15-hour battery life, Retina-display quality in the monitor, and the lighter elegance of the Air in one package. My iPad was a "Retina" model and therefore it had a better display. So you might choose an iPad Air over the Mac Book Air for that reason. But I wanted the larger screen and the accurate rendering of web pages, in a conventional browser such as Chrome, for the computer science courses I teach, hence my choice.I was surprised in a Monday night course I teach, consisting mainly of business students, that about 70% had Mac laptops--breaking the stereotype. A couple were running Windows using Parallels and commented, "Macs make very good Windows machines!" Macs are generally more expensive but also seem to be better made, more reliable and hold their resale better. At least that has been my experience over 25 years of teaching computer science. I still have a high regard for HP, but it's facing a Windows market that suppresses margins that are needed for quality R&D; and production. I regret that, particularly for a company with HP's storied history.All in all, I am well pleased with my purchase and recommend it to all Mac OS (and Windows) users.