I want to like this laptop, I really do. The build quality is overall good, it looks and feels like a premium machine. But it has some serious hardware issues that have been plaguing the XPS line for many years now.PROS:-The best looking laptop I have ever used. Everything from the gorilla-glass coated FHD screen, to the machined aluminum body and carbon fiber base oozes quality.-Keyboard has excellent travel and adjustable levels of back-lighting, ambient light sensor detects when keyboard should be illuminated.-Excellent port selection, gotta love the slot-loading blu-ray drive.-Thinner than a Macbook Pro, and more powerful too.CONS:-One fan disperses heat from both the i7 processor and dedicated graphics card- poorly. Throttling IS present in this model.-Heat dispersed by the fan is directed towards the display panel, over time this causes discoloration in the screen (ESP. visible in dark scenes in games and movies)-Wireless card is improved over the previous version of the l521x, range is improved, but the card still under-performs.Throttling and heat dispersion issues have plagued the XPS line for years and while a simple cooling fan remedies most cooling concerns, I beg to question why Dell is incapable of developing an adequate cooling mechanism for their top tier consumer systems. I am waiting for Amazon to send a replacement so I can confirm if these issues are as widespread as the support community says they are.**03/23/2013 UPDATE**Replacement came with scratches on the bottom lid. Replacement is exhibiting same throttling issues, with even worse WiFi connectivity than the model it is replacing. Extremely disappointed. Dell needs to fire the idiot engineer in charge of designing the thermal systems for these laptops.How can something look so promising yet have such issues with basic functionality? This model has been out for over a year now, how is it these problems have not been ironed out yet? Is it any wonder Dell is losing so much money? It really is beyond me at this point. Both are going back.