After battling Windows Vista, I went out and bought three more Macs. A Macbook Pro, a Mac Mini and a Macbook Air. A year and a half later I've learned my lesson. Despite their advertising, they are not very well made. Despite the hype, the operating system is quirky. They don't play well with otherwise stellar products like Logitech mice and they don't last. Why didn't I get a clue when, of two old Powerbooks, one had the motherboard replaced TWICE. The mac mini is the slowest machine I own. Safari is not loved by some websites (ie Audio Digest). The Macbook Air has been back to Apple twice. Once for a hinge issue, the second time for a new hard drive and motherboard. The Macbook Pro. suspiciously, has had no problems. So three out of five Apple computers have failed. Reassuring stats? No.Scared yet? Just wait. I have Applecare. You HAVE to have Applecare. Applecare is to a Mac as boiling is to Mexican river water. More $$$$$$? Not to worry. Apple knows we're all loaded and that money is not an issue. Even suggest to a Genius that something in your Mac shouldn't have failed and that you didn't buy Applecare and they will look at you like you offered to pre-chew their food for them.I really love my Macbook Air despite its lack of firewire, dinky hard drive, no audio in HDMI, its one lonely USB connection and fixed memory. I built my website on it. It has traveled around the world with me though all my pics in Paris were somehow corrupted. iPhoto? Snow Leopard? The Air? Hey who knows? Now it sits at home, grounded like a bad teen who lost your files and wrecked a hard drive. It is the worst thing that can happen to a computer... you don't trust it. And you don't have Paris.But it still does what it was designed to do: show the plebeians at any WiFi hotspot (via its little glowing Apple) that you either print your own money or haven't a clue what "value for money" isAs much as I like it, I will only be able to use it until it fails out of warranty. The repair for the first HD and motherboard were only slightly less than a new Air and were covered by Applecare. I'm not going to put any more of my own money into this thing.Bright side?  I still have one year left on Applecare and though I paid three to four times what a Windows-based laptop would have cost, in Apple-speak, I should be happy.