We picked one up last weekend since my wife needed a laptop replaced while we were on a trip. Stumbled on the deal and jumped on it considering it had HDMI and a web cam so she can skype and plug easily into our large tv.Web cam is dead on first start-up. Hardware is not detected at all, so there's obviously a hardware issue. Now farther along on our trip, there's no Target anywhere near to return it. Call Gateway and the "support" is laughable. I can't understand ANYTHING they say at first until we convince them to talk slower. Bad phone connection to halfway around the world didn't help either. They suggested updating the drivers- except that doesn't work when the hardware is not detected. They don't have a script to deal with that problem, though. They offered a Target gift card in exchange if I drive 834 miles back to where we got it. Bad deal only getting a gift card when we paid REAL money for this thing and had no desire to spend any more with Target.Towards the end of the call, we simply asked for the guy's name and he went off on us. He said we don't listen and now we would get him fired. Touchy little guy... maybe things are really tough wherever it is he lives.So far, we've had it a week and haven't used it. Don't really care to mail it in and wait 3 weeks for them to replace it with a used one. They also said on the second phone call that this computer was registered to someone else- although the packaging was factory sealed. Not a good sign. So, we will drive to another Target which is well over an hour drive to return it. We won't be leaving without our money- not a gift card. Both Target and Gateway/Acer have blown it. All we were asking for is to be able to exchange it for a new one and I even offered to pay the shipping or front the money for the replacement and they could credit me back when they receive our defective one. They simply won't do anything other than insult us and offer a used/refurb to replace our NEW computer.You get what you pay for- I'm typing this on a Dell XPS... my fifth one, and when the time comes there will be a sixth. Never any issues, I just get a new one every year or so to keep up with the latest gizmos.