I've had this computer for almost a year (mine has smaller hard drive) After much deliberation I finally decided to convert to Mac after over a decade of using PCs.  I remember when windows 95 first came out and how bad Macs sucked back then.  However times change.  The main thing that did it for me was that I could have both windows and OSX on the same machine using boot disk.  The verdict, I am now a Mac man.  And no I don't have the little apple sticker on the back of my car window in case you are wondering.Boot Disk works flawlessly and when I boot up windows (mainly for work) it is like I have a PC, (a really bad a** PC). When I first got it I thought I would be spending most of my time in windows using OSX for "fun" however after a week I realized that OS X Leopard blows windows out of the water.  Every aspect is better.  Let me say that again:  EVERY aspect of Leopard is better than windows XP.  I haven't found one thing in windows that I like better that what Leopard has.  Apple simply has the best user interface engineers on the planet working for them.  Now to be fair I haven't yet used Vista (haven't felt compelled at all so far based on what I have seen) so I don't have a basis for direct comparison to MS newest product.Wireless works great, bluetooth works flawlessly.  OH and the DVI out is amazing!  I can plug the DVI out to my receiver and watch full screen HD video on the plasma!  I tried this with my old PC, even bought a new video card to do it, but frankly it couldn't hold a candle to the mac.  Macbook pro also has Optical audio out for connection to the receiver, very nice. Speakers on the machine are better than average for a laptop but still not anything approaching audiophile quality.The machine comes packed with software that is actually useful, fun and has no crap on it.  ILife is great and easy to use.  The display is crisp, clear, vivid, etc, etc.  The best screen in the business.If I had to pick a con, I'd be price, though in comparison it is really not but a couple hundred bucks more than the equivalent PC.  What you get for that extra cash is a better user interface, better styling, smoother operation, faster performance. Personally I'd rather spend a few hundred bucks more and get more enjoyment, more functionality, and in the end more usefulness from the computer than to worry about saving $200 and end up with something that feels like it is just some "tool".  Of course that's just my opinion, I could be wrong.