The reason for four stars is because Dell has not delivered on the advertised promise to include the starter Office software which has prevented me from taking advantage of Amazon's promotional offer of a monetary reduction in purchase. How can I purchase something of which the sample was not obtained?The computer itself is great.When  you register the computer with Dell you enter the service tag number. Upon doing so you are suppose to be able to open Dell Advantage wherein (?) is the Office software. Not being able to open said file I called Dell. You get one free service call to another continent where all sorts of apologies are offered up. That was on March 29. I was told I would get an email wherein a link would enable me to connect with the hidden software.  The  next day I called again and was told to give them 24 hours to solve the problem. Again apologies. Well, it has been over 72 hours and I have neither received an email nor a phone call. Soooo sad .... Dell you have lost a lot in public relations.The computer itself is wonderful. The wireless works fine. Appreciate the 3.0 USB slots easy to back up files on flash drive and fast. I have a Optima Dell refurbished desk top (3 years) and large screen. But this little gem is wonderful to pick up and take on a trip.I will update again if I ever hear from Dell and IF they solve their problem.On the other hand, Amazon was on time with the delivery and I was happy.UPDATE: Dell support finally contacted me and the problem was resolved to my satisfaction.  What clinched Dell contacting me was I went to the Dell website and at the bottom of their website is a group of various things Dell offers. In very tiny fonts. I found the one that said "feedback" and sent them a factual email of the problem that I had encountered without any expletives. Being courteous does have rewards. Within 24 hours rhey sent me an email seeking more info from me and it was followed by a PHONE call to me. Result: problem solved. So far my experience with this laptop has been very positive. I am enjoying it and yes, I wouldn't hesitate recommending it to my kids, best friend, etc. So I am upgrading it to five stars.