The Asus G53SX is a powerful machine -- when it is working. Plays all games at "ultra" settings without breathing hard and at an attractive price point.However, the video card failed after only one week. Suddenly, the lcd screen remains dark during boot. It is either the screen or video card that is faulty since (fortunately) the video out port works when I plug in an external monitor. This enabled me to recover my files. This problem is apparently a known issue and more common than should be acceptable to any manufacturer. Searching the Web you'll find numerous incidents of this problem with other owners of Asus' Republic of Gaming machines (both G73 and G53 models). In fact there is a You Tube video showing another frustrated owner with this issue.As powerful this machine is and as sweet as it is to use -- when in working condition.  My advice is to avoid this machine until this issue is fixed.  Or take your chances and get frustrated with a machine that costs $1400+/- with a known history of failure. Apparently Asus has an issue with quality control of their notebooks or are ignoring the issue as a cost of doing business.Update:After getting little satisfaction from Asus Support, Amazon stepped in and reaffirmed their commitment to excellent customer service. I am a long time / avid buyer and constantly "spoiled" by their adherence to customer satisfaction. The growth and profitability of their business reflects the priority they put on going the extra mile to meeting the customer needs. More companies should learn from their example. It is not surprise that Amazon has such a loyal customer base.Oh - Amazon is sending a replacement. Hopefully, I will have more luck with the reliability of the machine.Update:It has been several months since I received the replacement unit and it has operated flawlessly. Continues to be a great machine with all the power you need to play any game without exhibiting any effort. I have updated the rating to 3 stars, it would have been 5 stars except for the fact that the first unit did was flawed.