[UPDATE (8/15/13): If you read the comment thread to this review, you'll find that there has been some confusion around whether this laptop offers a true high definition display. Turns out that this model being sold by Amazon is full high resolution (FHD) 1920x1080.]Bought this for my son for college and he loves it.Pros: 4th gen I7 processor; excellent graphics and better-than-expected performance from the NVIDIA graphics card while gaming; a relatively fast boot probably helped along by the 24 gb ssd; 1 tb of storage; 8 gb memory; light weight considering the size of the screen; and a touchscreen display that makes using Windows 8 almost tolerable, and it looks amazing -- so good that I would have assumed it was 1080p (but it's not). [CORRECTION: As stated in the update, the display resolution is 1920x1080.]Cons: It runs a little warm when gaming, so we bought a cooling pad; the bottom of the case could be a little better quality of plastic; would prefer the hdd be 7200 rpm instead of 5400. All of which are very minor issues. My only significant complaint is the keyboard. The chiclet keyboard feels cheap and there's something about the layout that makes it easy, for me, to lose my position and strike the wrong key. My son, the laptop's primary user, doesn't notice it. So it may be a generational thing or just my problem. And the backlighting on the keys is lackluster at best. I would prefer Asus to have installed black keys and some kind of rubber gasket to prevent light from bleeding out of the sides of key. Those two changes alone would have turned the feature from worse than useless to excellent.If the option were available to me, I would probably have given this laptop 4.5 stars because of the keyboard, and really only because of that. As a writer, it would take me some time to adjust to this keyboard. But my son thinks it's 5 stars all the way, so 5 stars it is. Overall, this is an excellent value that you will find hard to beat. Quality components, I7 Haswell, solid graphics card, touchscreen, beautiful display, nice fit and finish... It's a win!Note: This has nothing to do with the computer but avoid the Microsoft app store like the plague. It's a mess and many of the apps are buggy. You're much better off downloading and installing software the old-school way. Skype, for example, was a nightmare. I ended up uninstalling the app that came from the MS Store and downloaded the Win7 version of Skype in order to make it work properly. Had to do this with a number of applications.