I've had my Series 7 Gamer for about three weeks now. Pulled out the system drive and added a Samsung 830 - 256GB SSD. I install a fresh install of Win 7 Pro and loaded all of my software which consists mainly of video & photo editing as well as many plugins for the software. Also installed quite a few large engineering programs. I have about 75GB left over of free space on the system drive. The Samsung runs all of this software like butter, very smooth with no crashes. The notebook is quiet and fast! Runs cool with everything I've thrown at it, although I've not tested it with any games as of yet. I have the 2nd 750GB 7200rpm drive for use as a data drive for photos, video, documents etc. I also setup a secure zone with Acronis for secure backups. So far I love this laptop. It's keyboard has a good feel. Love the number pad on right. That was a must when I was looking for a new notebook. Backlit keyboard functions well although a little more flex on the left hand side than expected. The screen is beautiful and very bright. At 1920x1080 the screen is readable even though it's text is small factory set at 125%, and I usually need glasses to see the text of that size but don't on this setup. Some of the Samsung bloatware is actually fairly usefull. Downloads and notifies of updates for all of the drivers when needed, system settings etc. Left out some of the backup stuff as I use Acronis. All drivers from Samsung actually work, unlike some other manufacturers out there in this same catagory. Windows has no issues with any equipment after install. Say it again, This computer WORKS, no problems with drivers, keyboards, trackpad etc. which is alot more than I can say about some other gamer systems after reading their reviews. Have seen some reviews of trackpad sensitivity issues. You must read the manual! It is highly configurable for sensitivity as well as other items. Even has a sensitivity setting for brushing the pad with your palm when typing. Works very well on mine. Overall this is a well built notebook. Not built as rugged as my old Dell M90 but by todays standards it's solid. Wouldn't want to drop it though. One screw on bottom to access both hard drives as well as memory. Would have liked access to the fans for cleaning a little easier, but not too bad. The bios is basic but has most functions. If you're for a tweaking machine to jack around this is not your notebook. If you want a notebook that so far is rock solid, it's a good buy.Would purchase a Samsung again based on my first few weeks impression. For a first issue of a serious set of electronics, I find it's a good company, good product and Amazon delivery was first class as usual.