I thought about buying a Mac for a long time and did some research into it. My aging PC was misbehaving all the time -- cursor jumping, skipping to a new page without my initiating it, losing my work... so many times I would whisper to it, Mac...Mac...Mac...and finally I decided to do it.I love my iPhone, and because I was used to that, learning the Mac was very easy. The icons are the same and the way it operates is very similar. It is designed to be user-friendly. I was fully able to use it comfortably within an hour.I chose the 13.3 inch laptop because I thought that was a good size for me, and I chose the 8 gigabyte memory and more powerful processor because I think as programs and operating systems that need more power and memory come along, it will be adaptable and consequently will last longer. Another deciding factor in which version to buy was going to the Apple website and seeing what the 4 gig model with the less powerful processor would cost with double the memory. Their price turned for that out to be the same as the Amazon price for the one with the more powerful processor and the 8 gig memory.  I chose the one without retina display, and having seen both side by side at the local Mac store, I am really happier with the non-retina display model. I think the picture is actually sharper, in spite of what they say about the retina display.I am a writer and take some online classes, and it works beautifully for both. I can do my work and store it on the iCloud. It has an excellent sound system and will play CDs. That's another reason I chose this model rather than the Mac Air, which has no slot for CDs.Some things I don't like about it are lack of a way to delete the words or letters in front of the cursor instead of just the words or letters behind it, and not being able to play Cubis on it. (Cubis has never made a Mac version.) The things I love about it far outweigh this.The battery lasts for about 7 or 8 hours of continuous work and recharges quickly. I am really, really happy I got this computer.