--The Design--Overall, the design of the laptop is striking. I really like the sleek look of the laptop. It's all black plastic, but it doesn't feel cheap at all. The large rear part may turn off some buyers, but personally I think it looks pretty cool. And it provides room for the TWO rear fans, which have so far kept the laptop amazingly cool, and amazingly quiet. The backlit keyboard is a wonderful addition that gives the laptop an extra edge and flare. There are only a couple of downsides to the design. Firstly, the touchpad buttons are quite stiff, but since I use a mouse it really doesn't matter to me. Also, the surfaces show grease and smudges from hands VERY easily. This gets on my nerves a little, but overall it is a minor inconvenience. I would give the design 4.5/5.--The Performance--So getting down to the reason I actually bought the laptop... the performance. And let me say, I am blown away. After I got it I loaded Starcraft II, put the settings on ultra, and basked in the magnificence. It rendered the game flawlessly, with all its explosions, reflections, and neat glowing effects. And as I said before, the laptop stayed cool and quiet. I haven't done a lot of multitasking yet, but I imagine the 6gb of ram and i7 processor will be more than ample power. The performance definitely earns 5/5.--The Minor Issues--Be warned, however, the laptop comes preloaded with plenty of "bloatware", as I have heard it called. I spent a good hour just pealing junky little games and preinstalled antivirus off the hard disk. Unfortunately, removing some of the preinstalled ASUS programs seemed to mess with functionality of the backlit keyboard, the volume buttons, and the brightness controls. Thankfully, ASUS included a driver disk, so after reinstalling some programs things went back to normal. Just be careful what you uninstall.I also ran into an issue with the wireless card. At first, my wireless connection was UNGODLY slow. We're talking like 1-2 kbps. When I checked with windows, however, it said the drivers for the card were up to date. After some digging, though, I discovered that there DID exist new drivers for the wireless card (an atheros ar9285), and after installing these... SHAZAM. Wireless works at full N speeds.For those minor issues, I would dock .5 stars. But since I can't give a 4.5 rating, I figure I may as well round up. Nothing changes the fact that this is a GREAT laptop for the money. I would highly recommend it.