These reviews really helped me when I was figuring out what to buy, so here are my two cents. I couldn't figure out if I wanted the Pro Retina or the Air, and I wasn't sure if I wanted 13 in. or 11 in. Now, I actually own both the Macbook Pro 13" Retina and the new Macbook Air 11 inch, and I understand most people won't want to buy both but these are my thoughts. I first got the 13" Retina, because I loved the screen, esp. the way text looked because I read a lot and it made such a difference. I have the i7 version, plus the 8 GB RAM, and 256 hard drive. I love that thing. It's gorgeous and fast, a pleasure to work on. BUT. The only problem with it for me is the weight. I know it's lighter than it used to be but I'm petite and when I'm traveling and need to give presentations, this thing is in my bag the entire day, and I find it heavy. Many people may well be stronger than I am but I personally find it a pain to drag around when I'm on the road. Also, the battery life is good but not brilliant, so if I use it all morning and a part of the afternoon unplugged, it's dead.So I recently bought the 11 inch Macbook Air as well, the new version, also maxed out, i7, 8 GB, etc. It is so light, it's amazing. It' lightning fast and the battery life is incredible. I can use it and use it and the battery won't budge. However. The screen is so much less good than my Retina Pro. I'm not a picky person and before I got used to the Retina screen, I didn't mind but now, it's a huge difference. The text is pixelated and very small, the whole thing looks much less good.Basically, I think that if you're going to be mainly stationary when using the laptop, I would definitely go for the Retina Pro 13 inch. At home, it's all I use nowadays. It's a joy to use and looks amazing. However, if you travel a lot and will mainly be using it on the go, I think the new Air is fantastic.  I hardly notice it in my bag and the screen is fine, just not as beautiful as the Retina, plus the performance and battery life are incredible. If the weight of the Retina doesn't bother you, that would be the clear choice.