I purchased this laptop after using the same compaq laptop for around 7 yrs. I figured now was the time to take the plunge since IMO the addition of touch-screens were the biggest addition in quite some time. It took a little time to get used Win8, but I like the fact that I can use it to work on MS Office, photo-editing, etc AND also be able to use it for touch-based games. A little learning curve, but that can be expected.So far so good. The only exception was the wifi. I had to contact Acer customer service because of the periodic loss of wifi connectivity. They directed me to a driver update and it seems to have solved the problem so far.With the above exception, Acer did a really good job engineering this gem. It's a pleasure to use / own.Update 12/18/2013:I've had this laptop for approximately 8 months now and I feel obligated to give potential customers some intel on my experience.Touchscreen: Clear, bright and responsive. The only issue is that I periodically get little depressions in the screen, which seems to result from closing the screen and putting the laptop in a case without using the provided cloth. Unfortunately, these marks appear permanent. Acer does not give instructions to use this cloth whenever putting in a laptop case.Wifi Issues: this was one of my first issues that I experienced. I contacted Acer and they directed me towards their driver updates which resolved the issue.Bluetooth: I use the provided mouse and this is the biggest thorn in my side and many others have the same issue (based on reviewing comments on the Acer forum). The mouse continually loses connectivity with the computer. I've updated the drivers per recommendations by Acer on the forum and adjusted some of the associated settings with no luck. To give you an idea: the mouse loses connectivity approximately 10 times per hour. I have to go into the Bluetooth setting and the computer again recognizes the mouse.Also, once the Acer warranty has passed it appears that the customer is left "in the dark" or searching the forum for answers. Acer has already notified me that my warranty has expired. My other option is to pay a third party company for tech support. Are you serious Acer...There are many costumers who purchased this model and similar ultra-thin models who are having issues with the Bluetooth and you are remaining quiet! The suggestions on the forum are always related to updating the Bluetooth drivers. When customers comment that the Bluetooth is still not working correctly, there is nothing but silence on the forum...This is unacceptable for any manufacturer, let alone for laptops that cost over $1,000. I've decrease my ranking on this laptop to one star because of this issue and Acer's approach to this issue. Unacceptable.Update 02/15/2014:Acer finally appears to have resolved the issue with the Bluetooth connectivity. Finally! I'm bumping the rating back up to 4 stars....