I am a 24 year old MBA student. I've always used PC's but recently have craved owning a Mac. Once the aluminum one came out, I knew I had to have it. I had reservations about it after reading all the negative things people had to say about the screen.But after owning it, I'll tell you that the screen is no issue. I think it's stupid how people try to compare the 13" to the 15" from horrible viewing angles. You're never going to use your laptop from awkward angles so why dwell on that? When you're looking at it straight on, the screen is bright and the colors are gorgeous.I also don't care that there is no firewire because my camera only needs a USB to load.My absolute FAVORITE part of the new laptop is the Trackpad. It takes a couple days to get used to, but once you get the hang of it, you will never want to use a mouse again. I promise. Scrolling up and down with two fingers is so convenient. With three fingers, you can flick forward and back when surfing on the internet. Flicking up and down with four fingers clears the page and also shows expose. You can pretty much use the trackpad to accomplish anything you want and you can do it faster than using a mouse. I guess the only thing you would need a mouse for is designing and drawing but I don't need those so I haven't used a mouse since I bought this two weeks ago.Something else I love about the Mac is how fast it loads when you open the screen. You know how it takes about 1 minute for a Windows laptop to get warmed up and running smoothly after hibernation? Well it's not like that on a Macbook. When you open the Macbook from sleep, it's immediately brightly lit. When you open a program, it doesn't take 30 seconds to think about it. It opens it within 3 to 5 seconds and is ready to go. It's how a laptop should be!I am completely happy with the new MacBook. The battery lasts longer than you'd ever need. I usually get between 4 and 5 hours. The keyboard feels great to type on. All in all, it's phenomenal. Unless they come out with super ridiculously amazing new technology over the next three years, I will keep this and simply add RAM and a new hard drive later. It's going to last a long time.