Macbook pro is an outstanding laptop for anyone who just wants everything to work. Computers are supposed to be tools so we can work with them, and not for them.Once you open your macbook and set up your account, you find everything in place working as it should be, so you only concentrate in using it.Several aspects of the macbook I have noted as follow:1)Speed. Every application is fast, not hassle, no crashes. Every piece of the macbook is made one for another. As every computer is meant to be.2)Graphics. Let me say here, that this is something you will hear from every mac owner, and you may take it for granted, until you see it with your own eyes. This is something so amazing, describing it will just not be enough. Movies, pictures, every image and picture is just outstanding.3)Applications. Many applications have a mac equivalent, so finding Microsoft office for mac will not be a problem, photoshop, divx, vlc, and many others. Some pre-loaded applications are awesome, like the iPhoto, iMovie and iTunes.4)Security. Surely there is no perfect software, but this is as close to perfection as computing can get. There is not many viruses for mac, and it comes with an integrated firewall. You feel safer browsing the web and working with your macbook.5)Battery Life. The macbook pro with core 2 duo processors advertise 10 hours battery life. While that is turning everything off and to the minimum, with decent use and wifi turned on I get more than 6 hours. I've even got 8 hours with brightness at medium, no keyboard lights and wifi turned on.6)Sleep function. This is a flawless aspect of the macbook. It sleeps when you close the lid, so you don't really have to turn it off. It lasts days in sleep mode without need of charge. Really nice feature. Surely.7)Screen size. At first I was worried my 13 inch laptop will be too small. Now let me say that this is not a problem. 13 inch will not be a problem, unless you have a specialized profession where screen size will be a must.Mac will change the way you use computing, and while there are many similar features in other OS, with your mac you feel the laptop is made for the software, and the software is made for the hardware. It's just a harmony that's very difficult to find.In order to get this performance in a conventional laptop, you will need to spend much more money than a macbook pro will cost you.Thumbs up to macbook pro. Definitely worth your money, and recommended.